1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
719
entered I waive any right to object to the vote being
reconsidered because the motion to reconsider is
our of order at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
does not think the Senator loses his right to ob-
ject by the entering of the motion to reconsider.
Mr. POWELL. I only want to know that
I sliail have a right to make my objection to-mor-
row as well as to-day. I think, under the 20th
rule, no motion to reconsider can be entertained
in this case.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
may call the attention of the Senate to the time
at which the motion is made.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
649) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 18G6.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,] to amend the bill before the
Senate by adding to it the deficiency bill. The
reading of the amendment will be dispensed with
unless called for by some member, and the ques-
tion is on its adoption.
Mr. HALE. Omitting the clause in dispute,
I suppose.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. Thatisomitted.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is precisely the deficiency
bill as agreed upon by both Houses, omitting the
disputed clause.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that is done, I merely
wish to call the attention of the Senate to the na-
ture of the possible controversy in which they are
about to embai k.
Mr.COLLAMER. Wehaveinsisted on that.
Mr. SCJMNER. Will the Senator have the
kindness to hear my statemen * •
I understand that the motion of the Senator
from Oliio is to add, by way of amendment, the
deficiency bill to the bill now pending.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir, that is it precisely.
Mr. SUMNER. I Lake it the motion is with-
out precedent in this body. On that account it
perhaps may be open to criticism. But if you
look at it m other aspects, if you look at it on
its merits, perhaps you may see some occasion
to hesitate, at least. 1 think you will find that
from the beginning of our Government all the
great appropt iation bills have been originated in
the other House. The Senator from Vermont,
I see, shakes las head. I am simply calling at-
tention to a historical fact. The language of the
Constitution is rather general. It says:
" All bills for raiding revenue shall originate in the House
of Representatives, but the Senate may piopoae or concur
with amendments as on other bills."
I know very well a question lias been raised
as to the interpretation of the words, "all bills
for raising revenue,"and it lias been argued that
those terms are exclusively applicable to what
we sometimes call tariff bills; and we are re-
minded that appropriation bills are originated in
the Senate. To a certain extent that is true; but
none of the great standing appropriation billsare
originated in the Senate, When this subject was
examined in the Senate some eight or nine years
ago, after a two days' debate the Senators who
were then here will remember very well the con-
clusion was that the Seriate never had undertaken
to originate one of the great appropriation bills;
the traditions of the Government wereall against
it. Mr. Sewaid, who was at that time in this
body, made a verv elaborate speech in reply to
Mr. Hunter, who brought forward a resolution
affirming that the Senate might originate appro-
priation bills. I rememberat the time 1 took some
part in the discussion.
Mr. FOSTER. If the Senator will allow me,
it was not a resolution; it was a bill.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 beg the Senator's pardon;
it was a resolution.
Mr, FOSTER. I beg the Senator's pardon; it
was a bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I have looked at the debate
within a few days.
Mr. FOSTER. I have not, but my recollec-
tion is very distinct about it.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator has looked at
the debate within a few days, I will defertohim.
Mr. FOSTER. I have not looked at it for
years; but I know we passed an appropriation
bill and sent it to the House. The Senator is right
in regard to the speeches about it,but I think there
was no division taken when the bill was passed.
Mr. SUMNER. What 1 refer to is a resolu-
tion. I had it on my desk until two days ago,
when I sent it away.
Mr. SHERMAN. What was it about?
Mr. SUMNER. It was a resolution, reported
by Mr. Hunter from the Finance Committee, that
the Senate would undertake to originate appro-
priation bills.
Mr. FOSTER. And we passed the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Passed the resolution, I say.
Mr. FOSTER. We passed the appropriation
bill reported by Mr. Hunter, the chairman of the
Committee on Finance. We passed^ I think,
more than one of the regular appropriation bills,
and sent them to the House.
Mr. SUMNER. What did the House do ?
Mr. FOSTER. The House kept it, passed a
similar bill, and then we repassed it.
Mr. SUMNER. Then what became of the
Senate bill ?
Mr. FOSTER. The House laid it on the tabic.
Mr.SUMNER. They treated youractasnull
and void.
Mr. FOSTER. They laid it on the table, took
it up again in another form, passed it, sent it to
us, and we passed it.
Mr. SUMJNER. We come, then, practically
to the point: the House treated the act of the Sen-
ate as null and void, and it undertook to origin-
ate these measuies itself. But I was alluding,
when I was interrupted by the Senator from Con-
necticut 
Mr. FOSTER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr. SUMNER. It is all light. I am obliged
to him for the interruption.
I was alluding to the proposition of Mr. Hun-
ter, on which the debate took place. That was
a resolution. Afterward, the resolution, I am
aware, was followed by the introduction of cer-
tain bills. That was the other stage. To the
best of my recollection, those bills were sent to
the House, and were at once tabled. The House,
then, when it was fully organized, proceeded to
originate bills itself, which were sent to the Sen-
ate, and they were finally passed upon in due
course of legislative proceedings.
1 merely call attention to this incident. It is
a matter in which I take comparatively little in-
terest; but I am desirous that the Senate should
see the character of the step which it is about to
take, and thatitshould notembark unnecessarily
in a controversy with the other House.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator warns us
againstembarking in a controversy with the other
House; but let me ask him this question: what
shall we do with the deficiency bill? Shall we
allow it to fail, and thus refuse to nay for the sup-
port of the sick and wounded soidieis tiow in the
hospitals? The deficiency bill contains appro-
priations for the transportation of the Army and
Army supplies, and money is now needed fiom
that fund to pay the expense of transporting the
corps lying within reach of this city to its proper
military destination. Several of the funds in the
War Department are exhausted. The Senator
tells us we must not have a controversy with the
House. The House will not allow us to pro-
vide the ordinary appropitations for the Anny,
unless the Senate will agree to pay what is pro-
hibited by law. The occupant of the chair [Mr.
Clark] has already dwelt enough un that su bjeot.
Shall we let the deficiency bill fail, or shall we be
compelled to vote tlmt which our consciences dis-
approve? There is but one of two ways. We
must pass this deficiency bill in some form, if pos-
sible. That is a public duty. We cannot sep-
arate in Congress until we do it, or if we do, we
shall be called back again to complete our duties.
Now the question occurs, shall we yield to the
House this point in controversy, or shall we take
some other mode of passing the deficiency bill?
if we yield to the House, wo agree that the House
may, against our will, take money from the pub-
lic Treasury, in violation of n plain law, without
our consent. It seems to me the Senate ought
not to be placed in that position. The rule is
clear that every appropriation in an appropria-
tion bill must be assented to by both Houses, and
the Senate and the House have always acted upon
the idea that where either House objects consci-
entiously, or for any reason, to any item of an
appropriation bill, to abandon that item. That
has been the custom and the practice. The House
now insists upon passing a provision for their
clerks and employes that they admit to be in vio-
lation of law, simply because they say their honor
is pledged to pay this sum of money. We can
only say, in reply to that, that the Jaw forbids
them paying it; that we cannot enter upon that
subject wi tho ut setting a dangerous example—we
must make the same provision for our own em-
ployes; we must make the same provision for the
employes of the Departments and of the Army;
we cannot enter upon this matter; it is unwise to
do so. That is the deliberate judgment of the
Senate, and upon that judgment we stand. Now,
shall we be forced to agree to that which our
judgments condemn merely to provide for a pub-
lic exigency > I do not say that I would not in the
end yield this point, although I do not think I
shall.
There was no other resort, then, but tcrmove
this as an amendment to an appropriation bill.
The Senator is mistaken in supposing this is
without precedent. There are many laws and
.many appropriation bills which in the second
section contain deficiencies. The general appro-
priation bill of 1862 contained a section which
provided for deficiencies, and there was no defi-
ciency bill passed that year. Formerly, I will
say to the Senator from Massachusetts, it was
the practice of the Government always to add the
deficiency for the current year as a second section
to thegeneal appropriation bill; that has been a
common practice, and by referring to the statutes
the Senator will find many examples.
But the Senator says the Senate cannot origin-
ate an appropriation bill. We do not propose
to do so in this case. The House sends us a bill
making appropriations for the civil fund. We add
to that various amendments; we strike out various
clauses, and add to it others. We have the right
to do it under the Constitution. Even if it was
a revenue bill, we could amend it in any particu-
lar. We could add five thousand, five million,
or one hundred million dollars. The Constitu-
tion plainly gives us the right to make amend-
ments. It does not stipulate what amendments
we shall make—that is, conceding that it is a rev-
enue bill. But I think itwas nevereven claimed
in the House of Representatives that an appro-
priation bill was a revenue bill.
The Senator has confounded this subject with
a controversy that is familiar to me, because 1 was
then a member of the House and took part in it.
The Senate undertook to pass a loan bill. That
was in 1&57 or 1858, shortly after our financial
difficulties. 11 was claimed in the House of Rep-
resentatives that that was a revenue bill. The
Senate, however,insisted that a loan bill was not
a revenue bill; and they produced several historical
examples, it appeared that in the war of 1812,
the Senate had originated a loan bill. It appeared
that in the Mexican war the Senate had origin-
ated a loan bill. The House, however, insisted
upon it that a loan bill was a bill to raise money
from the people by loan, and therefore a revenue
bill. The controversy grew up on the loan bill,
and not on an appropriation bill.
I do not remember in my legislative experience
that the House ever contested the right of the
Senate to originate an appropriation bill. An ap-
propriation bill is not a revenue bill in any sense.
11 is for carrying into execution existing laws, and
to act aside and appropriate money for that pur-
pose. It is not included in any definition that bus
ever been given to the term "revenue bill," be-
cause it has been exercised very many times.
Almostevery bill introduced into the Senate appro-
priating money for a private claim is an appro-
priation bill. The Senate every day introduce
bills to pay live, ten, or twenty thousand dollars
to this man or that man,and no one ever objects.
I do not think there is the slightest doubt upon
the point made by the Senator from Massachu-
setts. PiobaMy one half the bills introduced into
the Senate of the United.States contain appropria-
tions of money. If we have a right to appro-
priate $5,000 for the payment of a private claim,
we have a right to pay $10,000,000 to pay the
legislative expenses of the Government. There
can be no distinction drawn between appropria-
tion bills. A n appropriation bill is not a revenue
i bill in the sense used in the Constitution.
