1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Ho. of Reps.
tion. As the law is, it opens the door to innumer-
able frauds, and in a young and growing country
the vast majority of incomes are small, while all
participate alike in the blessings of good govern-
ment. The adoption of a scale, augmenting the
rate of taxation upon incomes as they rise in
amount, though unequal in one sense, cannot be
considered oppressive or unjust, inasmuch as the
ability to pay increases in much more than arith-
metical proportion as the amount of income ex-
ceeds the limit of reasonable necessity.
Prom the results of experience, as well as from
all the information received, the Secretary is well
convinced that much revenue fails to be collected
through an imperfect execution of the law, and
more through a fraudulent evasion of its provis-
ions. Time and effort will, it is hoped, remedy
these evils in a great degree, and the confident
expectations of those who framed it be realized.
In the mean time no effort should be spared to
perfect it, as far as possible, and no experiment to
increase its efficiency,of which there is a reason-
able hope of success, should be left untried.
In connection with thesubjectof increased tax-
ation, and the necessity of providing additional
revenue from ordinary sources, the Secretary can-
not but call the attention of Congress to our pub-
lic domain, and more especially to that portion
of it abounding in the precious and other metals
"which, by the policy of the Government, has been
reserved to the nation. He can add little, how-
ever, on these points, to what has been heretofore
so ably set forth by his predecessor. The agri-
cultural region has, through the operation of the
homestead law, almost ceased to afford a direct
revenue. Whatever might be the opinions of the
Secretary as to the good effects of tins law, either
in a State or national point of view, it is not prob-
able that any expression of those opinions would
tend to effect any material change or modification.
Possibly, had the struggle in which the nation is
now engaged been foreseen, or even apprehended,
Congress might have deemed it prudent not to
adopt a system which renders so large a portion
of the public domain unavailable as a basis of
crcdit, either by way of pledge of its proceeds,
or an appropriation of those proceeds, perma-
nently, to the creation of a sinking fund for the
ultimate redemption of the public debt. In either
aspect that domain might have been made to ren-
der material aid. But it maystili fairly be ques-
tioned whether, and to what extent, such aid has not
been afforded by the inducements offered to an im-
migration which is daily augmenting the resources
and power of the Republic. Witii regard to the
mineral lands, the question is freed from this em-
barrassment. These are still the property of the
nation, and may be disposed of as Congress shall
determine. That they should yield a revenue to
the owner, independent of all the collateral ad-
vantages derived from individual enterprise in ex-
tracting the precious metals, would seem to admit
of no dispute. On the one hand it may be said
that to sell them absolutely is to part with an un-
equaled and inexhaustible source of wealth and
power, the control of which should always re-
main in the hands of the Government; on the
other, that all attempts, hitherto, to realize any
considerable amount of revenue from any system
of rents have proved unsuccessful. It is to be
hoped that Congress may be able to devise some
mode by which these lands may be made availa-
ble, to an extent in some just measure propor-
tionate to theiryearly production. The question
is one involving a knowledge of the subject which
the Secretary does not now possess, and requir-
ing an amount of study and reflection which, thus
far, he has been unable to bestow. The attention
of Congress is invited to a paper on this subject,
prepared by direction of the Secretary, which ac-
companies this report, and will repay an attentive
perusal.
Theactof February 25, 1862, provides that the
coin received for duties on imports shall, after
paying interest on bonds and notes, be appro-
priated to the purchase of one per cent, of the
public debt, to be set apart, with its accruing in-
terest, as a sinking fund, as the Secretary might
from time to time direct. All experience has
proved that in time of war, when expenditures
must largely exceed receipts from ordinary
sources, and large sums are borrowed in cach
year, the attempt to establish a sinking fund in-
variably fails. Itis, in fact, simply borrowing to
lend again. For this reason no attempt to carry
out this provision has yet been made. As the
time is approaching, however, when the present
unnatural condition of affairs may be expected to
terminate, it is well to consider whether some
legislation postponing for a time the operation of
the provision referred to, and designating a board
of officers as commissioners of the sinking fund,
under proper regulations, may not be advisable;
their duties to commence at such time as the
Secretary of the Treasury may designate. Such
legislation would at least show that the provision
fora sinking fund is not intended to remain a dead
letter upon the statute-book when peace shall re-
turn, and with it the power to render that pro-
vision effective. Should any further aid be neces-
sary the Secretary would respectfully suggest
whethersuch income as may be received from the
public domain, from sales, or in the shape of rents
or royalty, may not be beneficially appropriated
to the same purpose.
From preceding statements it appears that ex-
clusive of the receipts from ordinary sources the
amounts following are to be provided:
For the fiscal year ending June 30, 1865...$570,727,508 11
For the fi-cal year ending June 30, 1866... 469,621,005 17
1,040,348,513 28
Deduct amount now authorized, and bal-
ance in the Treasury July I, 1864  560,003,188 02
It leaves a balance to be provided for by
additional legislation of $480,285,325 26
It will be observed that this balance is predi-
cated upon contingencies which may not occur,
and calculations which may prove deceptive. It
would be unsafe, therefoie, to limit so closely the
provision to be made by Congress for meeting the
expenditures of this and the succeeding years.
iTo raise a large portion of the amount neces-
sary to meet these anticipated expenditures, it is
obvious that recouise was to be had to loans;
which have been alread y, in part, negotiated. The
necessities of former years have led to many
expedients, as is apparent from the diveisity of
forms which our securities present. As the debt
increases, from year to year, borrowing becomes
more difficult. Embarrassed as the country is
with two systems of banking, and obstructed as
the Government is by a currency wholly beyond
its control, it is manifest that to push its own cir-
culation far, if at all, beyond its present limit,
could only be justified by absolute necessity. To
tinust our securities upon the market in such
amounts as it is not able to bear, and to retain no
check upon stockjobbing combinations, must ex-
ercise a disastrous effect upon public credit, and
operate injuriously upon large numbers who have
heretofore invested their means, liberally and con-
fidingly, in Government issues.
The Secietary is not unmindful that, in the
opinion of many persons conveisant with finan-
cial matters, recourse should be had to foreign
markets; and in two acts of Congress, one of
which is still m force, authonty has been given
to negotiate a foreign loan. This, if practicable
at all, on terms which the Secietary could feel
justified in accepting, would, in his opinion, at
the present time and under existing laws, be so
inconsiderable in amount, that its effects would
be merely temporary, and would affoid an allevi-
ation rather than a relief. Our bonds have already,
to a considerable amount, been sought for abroad,
and to that extent the home market has been re-
lieved and strengthened. Communication with
Europe is now so easy and regular, intelligence
is transmitted so rapidly, business facilities arc
so abundant, that foreign markets are almost at
our own doors, and a demand abroad is felt almost
at the moment, and supplied without injurious
delay. To effect a foreign loan would nor, as it
has seemed to the Secretary, add much, if at all,
to the whole amount of sales, unless stimulated
by efforts and inducements which our financial
condition has not, as yet, called for. And, al-
though acertain advantage might be gained in the
power to control, in some degree, the rate of for-
eign exchange, by the deposit of a large sum to
be drawn against as occasion might require, the
possible benefit thence to bederivedhas notseemed
sufficient to counterbalance other and opposing
considerations.
This nation has been able, thus far, to conduct
a domestic war of unparalleled magnitude and
cost without appealing for aid to any foreign
people. It has chosen to demonstrate its power
to put down insurrection by its own strength
and furnish no pretense for doubt of its entire
ability to do so, either to domestic or foreign
foes. The people of the United States have felt
a just pride in this position before the world. In ,
the judgment of the Secretary, it may well be
doubted whether the national credit abroad has
not been strengthened and sustained by the fact
thatforeigninvestments in oursecurities have not
been sought by us, and whether we have not found
a pecuniary advantage in self-reliance.
But, however this may be, it. seemed to the Sec-
retary that, even if inclined to attempt the negotia-
tion of a foreign loan, the time was unpropitious,
and the difficulty attending such a negotiation,
while exchange was subject to rapid and violent
fluctuation, upon any safe terms, appeared almost
insurmountable. Whatever risk was to be in-
cuired must necessarily fall upon the Govern-
ment. He thought it wiser, therefore, to wait
until events should have more fully demonstrated
the inevitably favorable result of the contest in
which the nation is engaged—which time he be-
lieves to be near at hand—rather than venture
upon an experiment which, if successful, could
afford but temporary lelief, and a failure in which
might be attended with evils of a very serious
character. Believing that the country con, if it
will, sustain, for a long time to come, any burden
which the war is likely to impose, the Secretary
has deferred nn undertaking which seemed to him
so doubtful of success, and so questionable in its
results. It may be added to these considerations
that, to have the interest on our public debt pay-
able at home, and to our own rather than to a
foreign people, are advantages the value and im-
portance of which can hardly be too highly
estimated.
The whole amount of national circulation, not
bearing interest, exclusive of fractional currency,
and of notes issued by national banks, is limited
to $400,000,000, subject to slight occasional in-
crease from the $50,000,000 held in reserve for the '
paymentof temporary deposits. Of five per cent,
interest-bearing notes there were outstanding, on
the 1st of November last, $120,519,110. To a con-
siderable extent these notes have been, and will
continue to be, used as currency. Those with
coupons have been found particularly objection-
ablets, though withdrawn to a certain extent
while the inteiest is maturing, they are liable to
be periodically rushed upon the market. In con-
sideration of this feature, a large amount, namely,
about |90,000,000 of the original issue of $J50,-
000,000 of these coupon notes, have been with-
drawn and destroyed, and their place occupied by
notes payable in three years, bearing interest
at six per cent., compounded semi-annually.
This is believed to be the best form of interest-
bearing legal-tender notes, as being morelikely to
be withdrawn and held until maturity as on in-
vestment. Of these, $15,000,000 m amount were
issued under the act of March 3, 1863, and about
§90,000,000 under the act of June 30,1864. The
total amount of interest-bearing notes outstanding
on the 22d of November last was $210,2:32,870.
•What proportion of these may be considered as
an addition to the circulation, I am unable to de-
termine. To that extent, whatever it may be,
they contribute to the amount of currency, and
thus in some degiee occasion, and in still gi cater
degree sustain, an increase of puces, and depress
values.
Thcamountof billsissuod to the national banks,
as appears from the books of the Comptroller of
the Currency, was, up to the 22d of November
inclusive,$05,160,210. As these banks have ab-
sorbed capital which might otherwise have been
invested in State corpoiate institutions, and in
many instances have taken the place of those in-
stitutions, by conversion, their issues cannot be
regarded as so much addition to the body of cur-
rency. The returns on file at the Department
show that the whole circulation of the State banks
on the 1st of January, 1864, was $169,926,129,
while the whole circulation of such banks lor the
