720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10.
The mode now adopted by; the Committee on
Finance was the only expedient left. We must
provide for this deficiency, and we must do it
soon. The public exigencies demand it. "We
must either, therefore, make up our mind to de-
feat the deficiency bill entirely, to yield the point
that is controverted by the House, or else to make
another attempt to provide for this deficiency by
an amendment to the legislative bill. It is the
only course left us; and it seemed to us so plain
that we did not expect there would be any con-
troversy or dispute about it.
. Mr, WILSON. I think, Mr. President, that
Congress presents to the country to-day a strange
spectacle. We owe our armies millions of dol-
lars. Many of our soldiers have not been paid
for months. Ma,ny of our officers are unpaid, and
have been unpaid for months. Many of them
have put in the hands of their commanding offi-
cers their resignations and are imploring the Gov-
ernment to accept their resignations, for the reason
,that their families are sufferingat home while they
are not paid even what the Government owes them,
and that is not enough to support them and their
families. This is the condition of our soldiers;
this is the condition of our officers. Millions are
wanted to pay them,and we have not the means to
do it as rapidly, at any rate, as we ought to do it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts, from the high position occupied by him,
might convey to the country a very erroneous
idea by his remarks.
Mr. WILSON. I do not intend to convey to
the country a false impression. 1 can go a great
deal further than I have yet gone.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no deficiency in
the appropriation for the pay dcpaitinent. There
is ample for the current fiscal year.
Mr. WILSON. Theie is no deficiency in
appropriations, but there is a deficiency in the
money. That deficiency is what I am talking
about. I was speaking of the want of means to
cany out the jaws, to pay our soldiers what we
have agreed to pay them; and I say we want at
once tens of millions of dollars for that purpose.
And now, sir, when the nation is struggling for
the means to carry itselfthiough this rebellion, we
have an issue made here m Congtess to increase
the compensation twenty per cent, of a class of
men who deserve it less than any other men in
the employment of the Government, llcre are
women in this city working for six or seven hun-
dred dollats a year who ask you to increase their
small compensation; here are clerks working from
morning till night all the year round, who ask
you to increase their compensation, and you re-
fuse to do it; and why? Because you have not
the means to do it. You need moie money than
you can obtain to pay your just debts and to pay
what, we have already agreed to pay. In the face
of all this—and 1 hope the country will note it—
in the face of the fact that we owe (ens of millions
to our htave soldiers, many of whom have not
been paid for many months; in the face of the
fact that the officers of our armies are sending in
their resignation*, and some of our generals hold
them by (he handful, asking to be allowed to re-
tain that they may go home and take care of their
suffering families; in the face of these facts, that
wo cannot help, oi do but little to relieve by rea-
son of the financial condition of the country, we
have a contest and an issue laised heie in Con-
gress by one blanch of this Government, in vio-
lation of the laws of the country, to increase the
compensation of their employes twenty percent.
It is utterly and wholly indefensible. I do not
shrink fiom a contest on that issue. I welcome
the contest here and before the country, if they
choose to make it.
I say, sir, the fact as it stands before us and
before the country to-day is not creditable to the
Congress of the United States, and 1 hope the
Senate will stand firm, put this amendmcntupon
the bill, and stand by it. If gentlemen anywhere
choose to make an issue before the country about
increasing the compensation of well-paid officers
employ* d heie about ten months in two years
when \vc have not the means to increase the com-
pensation of men who do not receive enough now
to support, their wives and children at home while
they are suffering, {ightmg, bleeding, and dyin°-
for the country, let them make that issue before
the country. I welcome the contest.
Mr. JOHNSON. Upon the question of power,
about which the honorable member from Massa-
chusetts  
Mr. SUMNER. The question of usage, not
of power.
Mr. JOHNSON. The usage as evidence of the
want of power. 1 was about to say I did not un-
derstand the Senator to say that in his own opinion
there did not exist a power in the Senate to pur-
sue the course which itis now proposed to pursue.
The origin of this clause of the Constitution was
evidently taken from a clause of thesame descrip-
tion existing in the English Government with
reference to the respective privileges of the Blouse
of Lords and the House of Commons. The House
of Commons, which has always, from the begin-
ning of their Government up to the present time,
been exceedingly jealous upon this subject, will
not permit the House of Lords to amend a money
bill of any description in the slightest partieulai;
and it has operated very prejudicially in a great
many instances. The suggested amendment,
which is often necessary to give effect to the bill
as it comes from the House of Commons, is sent
down to the House of Commons to be there acted
upon; and thatproducesgieatdelay. The reason
why the House of Commons has always claimed
that paiticulur privilege is stated by Blackstone.
It is not necessary to trouble the Senate by reading
what Biackstonesays on the subject. Mr. Justice
Story does not even approve of the extent of the
doctrine as itexists in England, and he tells us in
the eight hundred and eightieth section of his
Commentaries—I cite the section because the
editions are not uniform:
cc 880. What bills are piopeily'bills for raising revenue,'
in the ol Uk; Constitution, ha- been a inattei ot *ome
di-ciu j«ion. A learned commentator biippo-itjj that eveiy
bili whieli ltidiiectly ot cou-eQuentiallj mayiai.-c levenue
is, wiihm the seijfe of the ronstituuoii, a revenue bill.
Hi' iheteioie tlnnks that the bills lor establishing the po&t
o(l)e<; and the .Mint, ant! Militating tin1 value ot foieign coin,
belong to (his cia-s, ami ought not to have eliminated (,i> m
laet they did) in J lie Senate. Hut the piaetieal consti uctioa
ol the (Jon-i mmou ha-« been ag.unvt his opinion. Ami, in-
deed, the hii-tmy ol the origin ot J he power ah eady Mi<is ested
abundantly pioves that it has been confined to bill-; to levy
taxes. in (lu* mi let mmim* ol the woid:-, and ha«* not been
undei - tuod to extend to hi lis tor other pui po-e.;, u Inch may
meideitully eu'ate revenue. No one ^tippo-eh that a bill
to sell an> of the public: lands or to sell public stock is a
bill to i.um: m'vemie in the «ense ol* the Constitution.
Much Ie>s would a lull be so deemed which meieiy legii-
lated the value of loician and domestic coins or authoi lzed
a disehaitie ot insolvent debtors upon asMiinnieut- ot their
e-'tates to the United States, giving a pnoiityol p.umcntto
the United States in cai-es of insolvency, although all of
tliein might incidentally bring tevenuo into the Ticasury.''
So that a bill of this description might, upon
the authority of Mr. Justice Story (and I speak
knowingly when I say he is borne out by the
usage) have been ougmated in the Senate; and if
it could have originated m the Senate of course it
would have been in the power of the Senate to
make the appropriation suggested by the honor-
able member from Ohio, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance. One thing is very certain:
whether it is a bill to levy taxes or not, we can
amend it. If it be a tariff bill for the purpose of
raising re venue, we can lower the amount proposed
to be levied upon any particular article, or upon
all the articles included in the bill, or we may
raise the amount proposed to be levied, the power
given to the Senate even in the case of bills to
raise revenue being a power to amend as contra-
distinguished from a power to originate; but 1
have no doubt the Senate, with reference to the
power of amendment, is wholly unrestrained even
in relation to bills to raise revenue.
Now, m relation to the conduct of the House,
I can hardly believe that, when they come to re-
flect upon the subject, they will, as matters now
stand, continue their difference with the Senate.
It is impossible, it seems to me, even if the na-
ture of this amendment was not s>uch as to ad-
dress itself not only to the good sense, but to the
patiiotism and good feeling of the House, that
they would continue a difference with the Senate
in which they are so clearly wrong. If they have
by what they did at the last session involved
themselves in a matter of honor, it is not a mat-
ter of honor^ belonging to the House in its cor-
porate capacity. The question is, whether they
had the authority to do what they did. If m ex-
ercismg an authority which they had not, they
have involved themselves in any point of honor,
it is an involvement which affects them individ-
ually, and it they wish to pay the money, they
can pay it out of their own pockets.
But in this particular amendment, as the Sen-
ate is aware, there is nothing at all about which
there exists any difference of opinion; and the
only question then is, whether, as this amend-
ment makes a provision which the honor of the
country and the safety of the country, what is
due to those in the field as well as what is due to
those in the councils of the country in every De-
partment of the Government is involved, the
House will hesitate a moment in accepting the
amendment? I have no doubt—indeed it would
be discourteous and wrong to reflect upon the con-
duct of the House—they are just as patriotic as
we are; they are just as anxious to preserve the
true honor of the country as we can be; and they
are just as unwilling to trespass upon the consti-
tutional rights of the Senate or to enlarge their
own, as we are to trespass upon their rights or
to enlarge our own. But in relation to this par-
ticular amendment there can be no difference as
concerns either subject, because both branches
admit that the amendment as it stands is all right.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I am not
satisfied of the propriety of the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Ohio. I believe he
presents it from the Committee on Finance. I
understand him to say that there are many in-
stances in which the deficiencies of the Govern-
ment have been provided for in general appro-
priation bills.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have one before me,
passed in 1802.
Mr. HENDRICKS. A number of years ago,
most of the objects of appropriation were pro-
vided for in a general appropriation bill called the
civil and diplomaticbill. Subsequently arule was
adopted, or it became a usage, to divide up these
objects of appropriation into several bills; and I
will ask the Senator from Ohio whether, since that
usage obtained in Congress, theie is an instance
in which the deficiencies of the Government have
been provided for m any of the general appiopu-
ation bills.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been done for the
last three yeaisconsecutively. I have now a law
before me, approved March 3,1862. It is entitled
"An act making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
18G3, and additional appropt uitions for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1862." The first section
goes on and makes the ordinary appropriations,
and the second section provides for deficiencies.
That year we passed no separate deficiency bill.
Both bills were put in one. There is one other
case of that kind, I think.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not suppose there
had been a recent instance of that sort in which
suchausage had obtained ; butcertainly the usage
is a proper one, to make the deficiencies the sub-
ject of a separate lull. Deficiencies are not gen-
erally received with favor in Congress. They
ousjht to be considered upon their separate merits.
The theory of the Government is that there should
be no deficiencies; that the executive departments
ought not to go beyond the appropriations, and
therefore there should be no deficiencies. But,
sir, since the war, the deficiency bills have been
large; sometimes, I believe, between two and three
hundred million dollais. I do not think they
should ever have been so large. 1 concede that
there will necessarily be some deficiencies, but I
think the deficiencies ous^lit to be provided for in
a separate bill. We ought to stand by the usage
in that respect.
But I wish to submit to the Senator having this
paiticular bill in charge now, where theie is a
dispute between the two Houses, whether we
ought to increase the uiffeiences between the two
Houses. Does the Senator liom Ohio suppose
that the Ilou^e will yield its point merely be-
cause this deficiency is tacked to a geneial ap-
propriation biiP If the House is unwilling to
yield the point upon the deficiency bill, have we
a right to presume; that it will yield it upon this
bill? We not only endanger the deficiency bill,
which ought, I suppose, to be provided for, but
we endanger this entire bill. I am not willling,
when there id a diil'Tence b* tween the two Houses,
to increase the embarrassment of the Government
by adding this deficiency bill to a general appro-
pi iation bill.
I will say to the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] i do not go so far as he does. I
