APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GtOBE.'
[DeecmBer C>,
38th Com...2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasurys
Ho. op Reps.
month of July, 1864, returned to the Internal Rev-
enue Bureau, and which embraced, with a few
trifling exceptions, all of these institutions outside
oft'ie rebellious States, wasonly$126,196,606 72.
Tie diminution is $43,729,522 28, which, deducted
from $65,160,210, leaves $21,436,687 72 as the
amount of increase to November 22,1864, on the
supposition that the circulation of State banks
has not been enlarged since July.
The subsequent returns, though incomplete,
would tend ratner to show a diminution since that
date. Arguing from the fact that the notes of
State banks have almost ceased to be current in
some of the northwestern States, it may well be
doubted whether, under the limitations of the law
authorizing national banks, the establishment of
these institutions has not had the effect rather to
limit than to enlarge the whole amount of circu-
lation.
It is observable that, notwithstanding the ap-
parently large circulation of paper money issued
under the authority of the various acts of Con-
gress before enumerated, its scarcity in the mar-
ket has occasioned no slight embarrassment in
the negotiation of loans. This can be accounted
for onlyupon the supposition that large amounts
are carefully held by the people, thereby exhib-
iting their confidence in its character and value,
and that the impetus given to trade of every de-
scription by the large and increasing wants of
Government requires a largely increased amount
of the circulating medium. A rise of prices
tends, proportionately, in the same direction.
Believing, however, that, with the large addi-
tion made to the volume ofcurrency by State banks
through their various forms of credit, the whole
amount far exceeded the limit of necessity, it
was with extreme reluctance that the Secretary
felt himself compelled to replace the five per cent,
coupon notes, which had been withdrawn, by an
issue of six per cent, compound-interest notes
under the act of June 30, 1864, and even to ex-
ceed that amount to a small extent. But the ne-
cessities of the hour left him no choice. And
he will now proceed to state the condition of
financial affairs which, in his judgment, rendered
such action imperative.
On assuming office, upon the 5th day of July
last, the Secretary found Ins condition peculiarly
embarrassing. The cash balance in the Treas-
ury was, on the 1st of July, as before slated,
$18,842,558 71. The unpaid req uisitions on the
5tl> were $71,814,000. The amount of certificates
of indebtedness outstanding was $161,796,000.
The daily expenditures could not be calculated
at less than $2,250,000. The larger portion of
unpaid requisitions was for pay to the Army,
and the Secretary was obliged to look forward
to an increase, from the same quarter, of over
$50,000,000 on the 1st of September. Thus sit-
uated, he could not avoid scrutinizing with some
anxiety his probable means of meeting these most
pressing claims upon the Treasury, and also of
providing for the additional daily expenditures.
Hp could look nowhere but to the receipts from
ordinary sources, and to the power to borrow
money under existing laws. From customs he
could expect no substantial aid, and the returns
for the first quarter of the current year will show
that, beyond the revenue pledged to pay the in-
terest upon bonds issued and to be issued during
the year, comparatively little assistance could be
derived from this source. With regard to internal
revenue the Secretary felt more encouraged. Con-
gress had wisely provided for a large increase of
internal duties, by a law which went into opera-
tion on the 1st day of July. Under former laws
the amount received had been steadily increas-
ing during the three preceding months, and in
the month of June had reached very nearly to
$15,000,000. The Secretary confidently hoped
thaf for July and the succeeding months it would
reach, if it did not exceed, the daily average of
$750,000. But this hope, if realized, would still
leave him with a very large deficiency, to meet
winch, in part, he might issue certificates of in-
debtedness to public creditors. It was desirable,
however, to avoid, could other means be found,
increasing the amount of these securities. He
might have recourse to the power conferred by
the act of June 30, 1864, and put an additional
$200,000,000 of legal-tender notes upon the mar-
ket, and even increase that, amount by some
$60,000,000, in substitution for five per cents.,
issued under the act of March 3, 1863, which had
been destroyed or were ready to be destroyed.
Flushed as the money market was with circula-
tion, sufficiently, at least, to meet the necessities
of buniness, he was anxious, if possible, to avoid
so doubtful an expedient.
The prospect of negotiating a loan in the ordi-
nary way was by no means flattering, as the notice
for a loan of $33,000,000, advertised on the 25th
day of June, had been withdrawn on the 2d of
July, the Secretary having reason to believe that
such loan would not be taken on terms which it
would be for the interest of the Government to
accept.
Under these circumstances, the Secretary
thought it advisable, in order to meet pressing
emergencies, to borrow upon bonds or notes, au-
thorized by the various acts referred to,$50,000,-
000 of the banks in the cities of New York, Phila-
delphia, and Boston, and met the representatives of
a large number of these institutions in New York
for the purpose of effecting that object. The result
proved, however, that, notwithstanding a pro-
fessed, and, as the Secretary was convinced, a
real desire to aid the Government, these institu-
tions were not able to furnish the assistance re-
cjuircd upon terms which, under existing provis-
ions oflaw, the Secretary felt authorized to accept.
He had then no other alternative than to issue
legal-tender notes to avery large amount, oragain
to advertise for a loan; and he had no hesitation
as to which course should be adopted. Accord-
ingly, on the 25th of July he issued proposals for
a national loan, under the act of June 30, 1864,
upon notes payable in three years, with semi-
annual interest at sevenand three tenths percent,
per annum in lawful money. Fie incurred a con-
siderable expense in advertising this loan, be-
lieving that it should be as widely diffused and as
generally understood as possible, and offered lib-
eral inducements to stimulate the effoi Is of corpo-
rations and individuals to dispose of the notes.
His success, though not what he hoped for, or
anticipated, has been such as not to diminish his
confidence in the disposition and ability of the
people to relieve the wants of their Government.
A serious obstacle to greater success lias been,
the Secretary believes, the amount ofother desir-
able national securities pressing upon the market,
and presenting more favorable opportunities for
investments.
Failing to raise the means required in the ordi-
nary mode, and urged by the conviction that the
large amount of suspended requisitions, swollen
to more than $130,000,000, should be reduced,
the Secretary resolved to use all the means at his
command to pay so much, at least, as was due to
our brave soldiers, who were suffering from the
long delay in satisfying their just claims, but
still continuing to serve their country with un-
flinching courage and uncomplaining devotion.
To effect this object he was compelled to replace
the whole amount of five per cent, notes which
had been canceled, amounting to more than
$80,000,000, and even slightly to exceed that sum.
More fully to accomplish his purpose, the Secre-
tary resolved to avail himself of a wish expressed
by many officers and soldiers, thiough the pay-
masters, and offered to such as desired to receive
them, seven-thirty notes, of small denominations.
He was gratified to find that these notes were
readily taken ill payment to a large amount, our
gallant soldiers, in many instances, not only re-
ceiving them with alacrity, but expressing their
satisfaction at being able to aid their country
by loaning money to the Government. The
whole amount of notes thus disposed of exceeded
$20,000,000, and the Secretary has great satisfac-
tion in stating his belief that the disposal thus
made was not only a relief to the Treasury, but
proved a benefit to the recipients, in affording them
a safe and valuable investment, and an easy mode
of transmitting funds to their families.
To meet other pressing demands, the Secretary
again offered to public competition bonds issued
under the act of March 3,1863, amounting to about
$32,000,000. This offer was most favorably re-
ceived, the bids reaching nearly $70,000,000", and
the whole amount offered being taken at a pre-
mium of four per cent, and upward; the Treas-
ury receiving, premiums included, the sum of
$33,179,614 33.
Subsequently, on the 1st of October, the Secre-
tary advertised for another loan of $40,000,000,
upon five-twenty bonds, issued under the act of
June 30,1864. At the time of this offer the money
market was in a feverish condition, arising from
violent fluctuations in gold, and other causes, and
serious doubts were entertained whether accept-
able offers would be made. Under these circum-
stances, and with the hope of affecting favorably
the market price of certificates of indebtedness
which had become somewhat depressed by the
large amount to which the issue had been neces-
sarily increased, the Secretary decided to receive
one fourth of the subscription in these securities.
The result was, that, notwithstanding the an-
ticipated failure of the loan, bids were received
amounting to nearly $60,000,000, and the whole
amount offered was taken at a rate above par, and
averaging to the Government a fraction less than
one per cent.
These negotiations have afforded satisfactory
evidence, not only of the ability of the people to
furnish, at a short notice, such sums as may be
required, but of the entire confidence felt in the
national securities. After nearly four years of a
most expensive and wasting war, the means to
continue it seem apparently undiminished, while
the determination to prosecute it with vigor to the
end is unabated.
In some particulars the Secretary has found
himself embarrassed by the restrictive provis-
ions of the act of July 2,1864, and he will, there-
fore, at an parly day, suggest such modifications
as he considers necessary. In his judgment, a
wide discretion should be intrusted to the officer
charged with the duty of negotiating loans, in
order that he may be enabled to avoid unexpected
difficulties, occasioned by possible conditions of
the money market. This delicate and responsi-
ble duty must necessarily be intrusted to some-
body, and the people can have no other reliable
security for faithfulness than may be found in the
established character of the individual charged
with so important a trust, whoever he may be.
The discretion thus confided should, in the opin-
ion of the Secretary, include the power of in-
creasing the currency. To no individual would
any considerable addition to the circulation, in
any form, be more objectionable than to the pres-
ent head of the Treasury Department, and no
one would resort to such a measure, when the
circulation was adequate to the wants of busi-
ness, with more reluctance. Nor does he believe
that a patriotic people, struggling for national
existence, and possessed of ample means, would
compel him to adopt a measure so fraught with
injurious consequences as an issue of paper money
beyond the limit so prescribed. The question,
however, would be one for thatj)eople to decide.
They have pronounced for a continuance of the
war, until its great objects shall have been ac-
complished, in unmistakable terms. It is for
them further to determine whether the necessary
means shall be furnished by way of loan, and the
circulation be restrained within safe limits, or
whether they will prefer to endure the evils of
exorbilantprices, with a loss of credit in the pres-
ent, and a debt of needless magnitude entailed
upon the future. Their financial officer can only
submit to their decision, and act as the necessi-
ties of the occasion may demand. But the Sec-
retary confidently believes that, judging from past
events and recent demonstrations, there can be
little question what the public voice will be upon
a question so vitse%.
It is the province of Congress to indicate, and
determine upon, the terms that may be offered to
those who are invited to invest their means in
Government securities; and it would seem both
wise and prudent to make those terms sufficiently
liberal. If our public debt must necessarily be
large, and require a long course of years for its
liquidation, its wide diffusion is most desirable.
Such advantages should be offered as will induce
all who have anything to spare beyond the amount
required for their own support, or use, to invest
that surplus, or a portion of it, in the national se-
curities. These advantages can only be found m
an increased rate of interest, an exemption from
public burdens, and security of possession. What
