THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F, & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0. . :
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1865.
New Series No. 46.
am willing to yield very much to the House of
Representatives; and if they stand upon this point I
of honor, and the public service requires these
appropriations, I am not going to see inconven-
ience and suffering to the soldiers and those re-
quiring the deficiency bill merely upon a question
of $38,000. I have thought the Senate was right;
I have voted with the majority of the Senate upon
that question; but if the House understands that
there is a point of honor between it and its em-
ployes, and will not yield it, I do not expect to
stand up stubbornly, and say we will not respect
what the House deems to be a point of honor.
I have thought the Senate right; but certainly I
am not going, as a Senator here, to vote persist-
ently that the House shall not be gratified upon
a question of that sort. To a reasonable extent,
I expect to stand upon the position assumed by
the Senate; but when we have gone as far as duty
seems to require, then I am going to let the House
take the responsibility, so far as my vote is con-
cerned; and I will say to the Senator from Ohio,
if his proposition carries, and we tack the defi-
ciency bill to this general appropriation bill, and
it goes to the House, and the House amends it, I
expect to concur in the proposition of the House,
and I think it is likely the Senator will find a
good many Senators taking the same view of it.
Is it possible these two bills are to be lost upon
a question of that sort? The House says it made
this promise to its employes; it is a question of
honor. They construe the law one way and we
another; and are Senators prepared to say we
will lose a very important bill, that we will allow
embarrassment in the public service upon a
question of that sort? I am not prepared to say
that. I do not go as far as the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] went in his very
earnest remarks a few minutes ago;'and I do not
see that the passage or defeat of the appropria-
tion bill has anything to do with the question
that he discussed. He says it is a question of
means; it is not a question of appropriation—
the payment of the Army. Why have we not
the money? The internal revenue measure is
bringing as much revenue in the Treasury as was
expected. I think the mistake is just here: the
present Secretary of the Treasury (for whom I
have the very highest regard) esteems it to be his
duty to issue no more Treasury notes. I appre-
hend he will have to come to that. I suppose,
while the war continues, especially during a pe-
riod when we are largely increasing the Army,
we will have to look to other means than the in-
ternal revenue and loans. 1 do not concur ex-
actly in this notion that it is the highest political
wisdom now to reduce the circulation in the coun-
try to any very great extent. That must be done
very gradually. I think the interests of com-
merce require that the currency shall be kept
reasonably within the present amount, and that
the reduction shall be very gradual. But I do
not intend now to discuss that, but to say that I
think the proposition of the Senator from Ohio is
not a pertinent one.
Mr. SUMNER. Surely, sir, I do not yield to
any Senator on this floor, not even to my col-
league, in an ardent desire to have all those ap-
propriations in the deficiency bill carried out. I
join with him in every one of his ardent words
for the payment of the soldiers in the field, and all
other debtors of our Republic; but 1 feel thatldo
not render a service unwoithy of the place when
I undertake to call the attention of the Senate to
the traditions of the Government, to its usage
during its best days, to the end that, so far as I
may, I may contribute something to establish
harmony between the two legislative bodies. Sir,
you cannot conduct the legislation of the country
if you perpetually start points and questions of
difference and discord between the two legislative
branches.
1 am not going into the question which is right
or wrong on the main occasion of difference be-
tween the two Houses. I have voted with the
Senate constantly. I have regretted the course of
the House; but I am not disposed to add to ex-
46
isting embarrassments. It was on that account
that I undertook a few moments ago simply to
remind the Senate of the controversy that they
were about to open. Senators about me shook
their heads,and Senators reminded me that I was
mistaken. I undertook to refer to a debate of
some importance in which I took part myself, now
some eight or nine years ago, and so far as I could,
according to my memory, I undertook to state
the occasion of that debate. The Senator from
Connecticnt [Mr. Foster] again and again said
that I was mistaken. I have since then sent to
the library for the volume of the Globe. I have it
before me. I was not mistaken. The debate oc-
curred on a resolution brought forward by Mr.
Hunter, the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, on the 4th of February, 1856. lis consid-
eration was postponed to a later day, and made,
I think, a special order. Itcaroe up finally for
consideration on February 7, 1856, and was in the
following terms:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to prepare and report such of the general appropriation Mils
as they may deem expedient.
I think it must have been during the winter of
this resolution that the organization of the House
was for a long time in suspense. My friend from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] can correct me on that point.
1 think it was.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was during what was
called the Banks contest.
Mr. SUMNER. During what is called the
Banks contest; and I presume, (though that has
escaped my memory,) the occasion for the intro-
duction of this resolution was that it was sup-
posed that unless the Senate undertook to origin-
ate these bill there would not be time to act upon
them. It was introduced. The first person who
expressed himself with regard to the proposition
was Mr. Seward, who made an elaborate speech,
and one that I think will compare in its argu-
ment and statement with any that he ever made
on this floor. It is within my recollection that it
was a speech carefully considered in advance, as
most of his speeches were, and that it was the
result of mature study. In the course of that
speech he makes the following statement; I read
from the Globe for February, 1856, page 375:
" Tile practice of this Government from its foundation
lias been that general appropriation bills for the support of
the Government ltave oiijlinated m the House of Repre-
sentatives, and not in the Senate of the United States. Tile
Government lias been in operation since the year 1789, a
period ofniore than hall'a century, and never yet has ageil-
eral appropriation bill been prepared or reported or submitted
to the Senate or sent to the House of Representatives from
this body. On the other hand, the practice for this period
of seventy years lias been that all appropriation bills of that
ebaraeterhave originated in the House of Representatives,
and have been sent to tins House for its concurrence and
amendment.
" As this, then, is a proposition made, not only for the
first tune within our own experience, but for the first time
since the foundation of the Government, wo are to pre-
sume that It will be admitted that what is proposed is an
innovation—a direct, specific, and effective innovation.
Sincc it is an innovation, Jet us foi a moment see what is
the nature of it."
He then proceeds to consider the question his-
torically and on principle, and toward the close
of his speech proceeds as follows:
"1 confess, therefore, sir, to an earnest desiin, a strong
desire, to roUinfor the Hou-.e of Representatives the privi-
leges and rights which itllas exercised from the foundation
of the Government until this day."
And finally, in another place, he says:
" I think then, sir, that T stand upon the principles and
the spirit of the Constitution of the United States in advis-
ing againnt the instruction winch is asked for by the Com-
mittee on Finance."
In the face of this speech, the resolution of the
Committee on Finance repgrted by Mr. Hunter
was adopted by this body; and then, I believe,
ensued what was mentioned by the Senator from
Connecticut, that appropriation bills were intro-
duced and passed through the Senate and sent to
the House; but, sir, nothing came of them. They
were simply a vain effort on the part of the Sen-
ate; vox et pr&terea nihil. In the face of that pre-
cedent, I submit to the Senate whether upon the
whole it is expedient for us to add to the embar-
rassments between the two bodies by introducing
an additional occasion of difference.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts had made the speech he has
now made upon the motion of the honorable Sen-
ator occupying the chair, [Mr. Ciabk,] it would
have been pertinent to the case.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will remember
that when he introduced it I objected to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before any action was had
upon my amendment, and, purposely, because I
did not wish to offer this amendment -to this bill
until there was no hope of an agreement between
the two Houses on the deficiency bill, the honor-
able Senator from New Hampshire moved that
the Senate insist on its amendment to the defi-
ciency bill. It was not until the vote was taken
upon that motion, and it was decided, so far as
there was any appearance in the Senate, by a
unanimous vote, that I offered, or asked, a vote
on this amendment. There was no other course
left. The Senate insisting on its amendment sent
the deficiency bill back to the House with the
disagreement continuing, and there was no other
choice except between a defeat of the deficiency
bill and putting it on as an amendment to this
appropriation bill.
Now, I do not wish to get up any feeling be-
tween the two Houses; I do not wish to get up
any controversy between the two Houses. I
think the position of the House of Representa-
tives is totally untenable, and I am satisfied that
if they could understand it and discuss it and con-
sider it they would yield at once. Their posi-
tion is simply that they will not appropriate for
the Army and the Navy unless we agree to ap-
propriate money from the national Treasury in
violation of law. I have no reflection to cast upon
them. It is a point of honor with them. They
think that as they have by resolution voted this
money to their employSs, the Senate, as a matter
of courtesy to the House, ought to allow the
money to be taken and paid to the employes.
That is their claim. But, sir, the House of Rep-
resentatives are yet as much bound by the law as
we are or any other branch of the Government.
The law expressly forbids the House from doing
what they attempted to do in this instance. If
we must yield in courtesy to the House when
they undertake to violate the law, we must also
yield in courtesy to the President when he under-
takes to violate the law; and if our national judi-
ciary or any other department of this Government
undertakes to violate the law, we must yield
rather than make any controversy on the subject.
Here let me say to the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts that in this whole controversy 1
have done no more than he. I have voted accord-
ing to my conscientious convictions of duty on
this question of extra pay; so did he; and we have
voted together.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. But now, when it is mani-
fest that this disagreement between the two
Houses is likely to defeat the deficiency bill, the
question comcs up, is there any other way in
which we can save that bill? I say there is. I
say that in the form of an amendment to the
legislative appropriation bill, we may again sub-
mit the deficiency bill to the House of Represent-
atives. I cannot for a moment suppose that the
House will renew the controversy by inserting in
this bill the same old controverted matter. I do
not believe they will do so. I shall be disap-
pointed and chagrined if they renew the contro-
versy in that way. We propose to them now an
amendment upon which there is a concurrence of
views, a bill that they have originated and passed,
but a bill which, on account of the difference of
opinion upon an independent matter, cannot be
carried into execution as a law. We propose
this bill as an amendment to a bill which has al-
ready been originated in the other House, and is
now here for amendment.
The point made by the honorable Senator does
not arise here. This pending bill originated in
the Houseof Representatives. The Senate might
