nm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February i0„
originate it. In the case referred to by him the
House did not deny the power of the Senate to
originate an appropriation bill. The Globe is
before me. The Senate passed the appropriation
bill in that case while the House of Representatives
■wp.3 in a state of disorganization and confusion.
To avoid delay the Senate originated the bill;
but just about the time when the Senate did so—
I think within a day or two of the passage of the
bill'by the Senate—the House became organized
by "the election of Mr. Banks as Speaker, and the
Committee of Ways and Means, of which Mr.
Campbell, of Ohio, was made chairman, was ap-
pointed, and then, within a very short time, the
House in the usual manner originated its own
appropriation bill; and that one which went from
the Senate was simply laid upon the table, and
nothing further was done with it. There is noth-
ing in the debates on that occasion to show that
any member of the House of Representatives
denied to the Senate the power of originating
appropriation bills. The reason for originating
them in the Senate on that occasion ceased within
n week of the time they were originated here, and
they fell,and the bills were originated in the usual
way in the House of Representatives, and as-
sumed the ordinary form and came back to the
Senate, and no objection, no controversy, was
made .between die two Houses,
In this case the bill now before the Senate has
eome to us from theHouse of Representatives in
the usual form. We have made but very few
amendments to it. We simply now propose to
amend the bill by adding what the House have
already agreed to. We do not make the propo-
sition until there is no way that I am aware of to
save this controverted matter, and to save the ne-
cessary appropriations for deficiencies. It is true
the House may recede from its position on the de-
ficiency bill, which has been acted on by the Sen-
ate, or may ask for another committee of confer-
ence. if it shall agree to theScnate amendment,
the deficiency bill will be passed, and then this
amendment to this bill will fall as a matter of
course. I do not think this proposition now will
complicate the matter. On the contrary, I believe
it will enable the House of Representatives, with-
out abandoning their position on the original de-
'iicioncy bill, to assent to this amendment, and
thus end the controversy. In that hope I offer it.
Mr. FOSTER. I interrupted the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts rather hastily. I
did not mean to do it discourteously.
Mr. SUMNER. ■ Not at all.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 wish to explain the reason,
I understood that the honorable Senator fiom
Massachusetts was making this point against the
amendment proposed by the honorable Senator
from Ohio, that it was in effect originating an ap-
propriation bill in the Senate—the prerogative to
do that belonging to the House of Representa-
tives—and therefore it was contrary to the Con-
stitution, and that it was without piecedent in the
previous legislation of Confess. The Senator
alluded to an occurrence in this body some years
ago, by way, as I supposed, of vindicating that
position, the position bring in effect tiiat there
■was no precedent for such an amendment us that
offered by the Senator from Ohio, cither upon the
House bill or as an original bill in this body.
When, therefore, the Senator from Massachusetts
■went on to speak of that occurrence, and said that
a debate arose upon a resolution regarding the
power of the Senate to originate such a bill, and
that the result was that the project was abandoned,
given up, because 
Mr, SUMNER. I had not got to the statement
of what the result was.
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator says he had not
got to the statement of what the result was, and
therefore I was too hasty,because I supposed that
■when he said there was no precedent, he was not
going to quote a case which showed there was a
precedent.
Mr. SUMNER. I rather think I must have
said that in the early and best history of the coun-
try there was no precedent. 1 think I said some-
thing like that.
Mr. FOSTER, My impression is that the Sen-
ator said broadly that there was no piecedent for
such an amendment as that offered by the Senator
from Ohm.
Mr, SUMNER. Allow me to interrupt the Sen- ji
ator just there, for I surojy intended to limit my
testimony in regard to the precedent to the date
of that resolution, because I knewthatatthatdate
the subject had been carefully discussed, and it
had been ascertained that before that there was no
precedent.
Mr. FOSTER. I was, as I say, too hasty,
because i supposed the Senator, after having laid
down his proposition, was quoting a case to sup-
port it; and when he spoke of the resolution, 1
had in my mind the result at which the Senate
arrived, and that was the passage of the bill. I
was not, therefore, making the point that the Sen-
ator had asserted that the debate was on the res-
olution, instead of on the bill; the point I had in
my mind was the point which the Senator had
made, that the case here was without precedent.
The Senator asserted that it was in regard to a
resolution that the question arose. I said no, not
m regard to a resolution, but in regard to a bill,
my mind being on the important fact of the bill,
not upon the unimportant fact of the resolution.
The Senator, however, quotes the Globe, and
thinks that he has shown that lie was quite right
in regaid to the fact that the debate was on the
resolution. Well, Mr. President, as I said then,
I spoke entirely from memory; but I have since
furnished myself with the Journal, and I can
complete now from the Journal the exact state-
ment of the case as it occurred. I read from the
Senate Journal for the first session of the Thirty-
Fourth Congress. The resolution was originally
introduced by Mr.Brodhead, December 11,1855.
In that day's proceedings, I find:
"Mr. Brodiiead submitted the following resolution for
ConMcleiation :
"Rrsolvfd, That the Committor on Finance be directed to
inquiie into the expediency of reporting the appropriation
biib- for the support oi the Government, or adopting other
measures with a view of obtaining more speedy action on
said bills."
Subsequently, on the 7th of January, 1856:
"The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution, sub-
mitted by Mr. Biodhead the 11th December, in relation to
the adoption ot measures for more speedy action on the
approbation bills; and
"The resolution was agreed to."
On the 4th of February, 1856:
"Mr. Hunter, from the Committee on Finance,reported
the following revolution:
''Resolved, That iheCommittee on Finance be instructed
to pr^puiv and repoitMichof the geuoial appropriation bills
as they may deem expedient."
On the 6th of February:
"The Senate pioceeded to consider the resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Hunter, the 4th innaut,to in truet the Com-
mittee on Finance to piepare and icpoit such of the gen-
eral appropriation bill? as tlu-y may deem expedient; and
"On motion by Mi. Hunter,
"0 f2crc</, That the iurthei consideration thereofbe post-
poned until to-moirow at half past twelve o'clock, and he
the special order of the day."
On the 7th of February:
" The Senate re-nmed the consideration ofthe resolution,
reported from ilie Committee on Finance, to instruct the
committee to prepaie ami report Mich ot the general appro-
priation bill^ as they may deem expedient; and
" After debate,
"The resolution was agreed to."
On the 5th of March, 1856:
"Mr. Hunter, from the Committee on Finance, reported
a bill (S. 111) making appropu.tuons lor fortifications and
other woiksof doieun-e, and lor lepmre of barracks and
quarters, for the year ending the 30th of June, 1*57 ; which
was lead and passed to the second reading."
On the 9th of March:
"The bill (S. 141) making appropriation55 for fortifica-
tions arid other works of defence, and for lepairs of bar-
uicks and quditcft, lor the yeai ending the 30th of June,
l&VT, was lead the second rime,and con^idorod as in Com-
mittee of the Whole; and, no amendment being made, it
was reported to the Senate.
" Ordered, That it be engrossed and read a third time.
"The said bill was read the thud time, by unanimous
consent.
"Rc^oteed, That it pass, and that the title thereof be as
aforesaid
•' 0)dei ed, That the Secretary request the concurrence of
the House of Representatives therein."
There was an end of legislation on that one bill
originating in the Senate, making appropriations
for certain purposes "originating here after reso-
lutions instructing the Committee on Finance to
report such a bill; and the bill was passed unan-
imously, and sent to the House of Representa-
tives. I had supposed that the Senator from
Massachusetts was referring to the subject-mattcr
nf that debate, not to any particular portion of it.
Whether the debate was on the resolution or on
the bill, was not the point which 1 was making
or supposed that the Senator was making. 1 sup^
posed that he was making a point to show a pre*
cedent here in the Senate adversely to the action
now asked by the Senator from Ohio, and there-
fore I said that the debate was upon the bill,and
that the bill was passed and sent to the House of
Representatives, it seemed to strike the Sena-
tor's mind as a novelty, and he asked what became
of the bill. I said that I believed it was laid upon
the table in the House; but that has nothing to
do with the question whether the Senate, among
its legislative privileges and prerogatives, has the
power to originate an appropriation bill. What
the House of Representatives may do with it has
nothing to do with our power. We are to judge
of that question. They, of course, are to judge
of their constitutional rights and prerogatives.
Each must judge for itself; neither for the other.
It is seldom that I am disposed to interrupt a
Senator; and if I had but waited and heard the
Senator from Massachusetts quote a precedent,
not to establish his proposition but to contradict
it, I shou Id, ofcourse, have been saved the trouble;
but inasmuch as I supposed he was quoting a
precedent to prove that the Senate had never ex-
ercised this prerogative and that it did not belong
to us, I was disposed, not (as he understasds,
and as every one I hope would understand) offen-
sively, to contradict his claim that there was a
precedent to support his proposition. I repeat
again that it wad not on the point whether the
debate was on the resolution or on the bill, but
on the point that, so far from there being a pre-
cedent to sustain the proposition which he was
supporting, the precedent was exactly the other
way; and in this 1 think the Journal vindicates
my own recollcction, and proves it most distinctly.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very much obliged to
the Senator for his explanation. His interrup-
tion at the time was entirely legitimate and most
agreeable to myself. If the Senator, however,
had listened perhaps more carefully to what I
said, he would have seen there was no occasion
for it. I was trying to develop the idea that in
the best periods of our history and down to a very
recent period there was no precedent for such an
assumption of power on the part of the Senate,
and I was proceeding to say that this subject was
much discussed since I have been a member of
the body on a resolution introduced by Mr. Hun-
ter, of Virginia. It was then that I was inter-
rupted by the Senator, who reminded me that the
debate was not on the resolution but on the bill,
and I understand the Senator now to assume that
I was arguing that there never had been such a
precedent in this body. By no means, sir. The
Senator entirely misunderstood me. I was per-
fectly familiar with the precedent to which the
Senator has referred, but then I beg to remind the
Senator of the time when this precedent was set.
It was jn the winter of 1856, when this very
rebellion was beginning to brood, and when this
Senate was under the reign of those very rebel
chiefs who are now filling this land with blood.
Sir, I do not consider a precedent under their au-
spices a proper precedent fonts now; and, there-
fore, in the few remarks which I presumed to ad-
dress to the Senate I began by confining myself
to what I called the best periods of our history,
meaning those anterior to the precedent on winch
the Senator from Connecticut now so confidently
leans. Sir, 1 reject the precedent. A precedent
which has for its author and originator Richard
Brodhead, of Pennsylvania, and R. M. T. Hun-
ter, of Vnginia, is not a precedent for the Senate
of the United States at this time, unless it can be
sustained by principle and by the better history
of our Government. Sir, I put it all aside; all
that the Senator has read from the recoid goes
for nothing, worse than nothing; for that very
precedent only goes to illustrate those very usur-
pations on the part of the Senate under the lead of
theslave power, of which weso justly complained
in those dark days. Sir, 1 wish none of that
darkness brought into the Chamber now. I pre-
fer the long period of light beginning with the
Republic and connngdown to that very day when
this rebellion began to brood jn this Chamber.
Mr. FOSTER. I am certainly unwilling to
add anything by way of prolonging this discus-
sion. i may agree entirely m the Senator's opin-
ion, that when we are pointed to any action as
creating a precedent for this body, we should
look to the times, and to the men acting in those
times, and that there are some- precedents to which
