1864.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Niagara Ship-Canal—Mr. Littlejohn.
Ho. os Reps.
been discussed at so much length as to render it
unnecessary for me at this period of the debate
to enlarge. I shall therefore confine myself to a
few points which 1 consider should have weight
in determining the judgment of this House.
Now London, Connecticut, Chester, and League
Island, on the Delaware river, are the locations
which have engrossed the attention of the com-
mittee who have had the subject immediately
under consideration. The friends of New London
in and out of this House have been most assid-
uous in their labors, and all that ingenuity and
the political power of eastern association could
do has been brought to the aid of the New Lon-
don site, and yet it is manifest that while it poa-
sessesa good harborand sufficientdepth of water,
there are still insurmountable difficulties to its
selection.
In case of any foreign war or domestic rebel-
lion—such as now exists—New London would
not, in my judgment, be beyond the reach of an
enemy'sshipsof war, gunboats, or iron-clad rams,
and would be in constant danger of occupancy
by soldiers of our foe. This is quite sufficient to
. place New London out of the list of competing
locations. Gentlemen on this floor find it neces-
sary to devote in its behalf much exhibition of
apparent scientific knowledge to turn aside this
fact. So paramount did the board of officers, ap-
pointed under the actof Congress approved July
15, 1862, entitled "An act to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Navy to accept the title to League Isl-
and, in the Delaware river, for naval purposes,"
consider it that they set forth this importance
among cardinal pulesadopted for the performance
of their duty, as follows:
"Secunty from attack by an enemy, and facility and
economy ot defense. To be easily defended t'iom it  own
t0[>0{n,i|>)ucal advantages. To be easily reen/oreed by
troops iiom a dense population within easy marching dis-
tance. Not easily blockaded. Not too near the mouth of
a bay or river."
And, if further proof of this fact were necessary,
I beg leave to refer to the report of an efficient
and competent board of naval officers who as-
sembled in 1820, who were called together as to
coast defenses, wherein this point is perhaps more
strongly presented.
The majority report, in summing up under this
head, state, in comparing League Island with
New London, as follows:
"The board is of the opinion that either of the sites un-
der examination may be promptly arid efficiently defended,
and that upon this, question they may be regarded as equal."
You will mark the mildness of the expression,
as contradistinguished from the minority leport
on the same point:
"In security from an attack by an enemy, and facility
and economy of defense, League Island, which is seventy
miles from the mouth of one of the most defensible riveis
of the United States, is greatly stiperiorasasiteloranavy-
yard to Winthiop's Point, which is three and one eighth
miles from the mouth oft he Thames uvei. League Island is
secure from a naval attack by uric piojectjles; Winthtop's
Point i? not. The permanent defenses of Philadelphia de
fend League Island, and with obstructions in the channel,
defended by tempoiaryor peimancnt works, and nou-claiU
above them, the iiver is amply secure. The deten-es re-
quited by the site itself are ahno-t nothing. Neither of
these rentalks applies to the Thames liver. The present
works oil the Thames would be inefficient fo; defense of
a naval depot from even a water attack, and expensive
works would be lequned to defend the station from a land
attack, eithet fiom the east and noith or from the south
and west. League Island is easily defended by its own topo-
graphical advantages, being-separated ftom the main land
by an arm ot the uver which requites btidaing or a cause-
way, and is therefore defensible. League I-land has greatly
the advantage in regaid to defense by tioops, tiom a dense
population within ea:-y mulching distance. The militia
diaft within twenty miles of Philadelphia is 142.932 men,
while within twenty miles of Now London it is but about
six thousand men. League Island is nearer to New Yoik
than tVnith.ro}*''& Point is. The Thames river is as easily
effectively blockaded as the Delaware ; probably it will be
more so when a fort shall have been eiccted at the bteak-
water. Wmthrop's Point has been aheady stated lobe
near the mouth of the river Thames. Dutch Island harbor
was rejected on thw, among other giounds, and isthieeund
five eighths miles from Nairaganset entrance. The defenses
of tlie Delaware, except the foit at the bieakwater and
field-works, are finished; those for the Thame*, to defend
a navy-yaid site, ate yot to be made. Foit Trumbull (a
permanent work of a small class) and Fort Griswold (an
earthwork) will not suffice for the defense of a fust-class
navy-yard; on the contrary, veiy expensive peimanent
works must be added for this puipose. The position ot a
navy-yaid commanded by heignts of some sixty to eighty
feet, within distances of from one half to two miles, an
unsafe one, and would be the case of a navy-yard at Wm-
throp's Point, near New London. The filling of League
Island over a space of one hundred acres, would reduce
nineteen acres of Red Bank, five eighths to one fourth mile
distant, to four feet above mean high water. Therefore it
would not even be necessary to fortify Red Bank for the
protection of the navy-yard, though it might be expedient,
from other considerations, to do so, at least by temporary
works.
" The expenditure necessary to render moderately se-
cure the site of a navy-yard near Winthrop's Point from a
combined naval and land attack in front and on the flanks
would be out of all proportion to the object to be gamed,
whereas that at League Island is rendered secure by the
defenses necessary for the city of Philadelphia, which aie
below it, nearer to the mouth of the river, as Port Mifflin,
Fort Delaware, and other less permanent wotks, in coop-
eration with which would be floating batteries and obstruc-
tions of the river, protected from removal by temporary or
petmauent works, and by floating batteries or iron-clad
steamers."
Now, after reading those two reports on this
particular question of the controversy between
the two locations, can any one doubt? The first
one is, to say the least, equivocal, while the last
is full, clear, and convincing. And upon this
question of a proper defense nothing can be left
to doubt. As to League Island there is none, and
it should carry conviction to every mind, and de-
cides the main and all-impoitant consideration in
favor of League Island. For what use would a
navy-yard be, if, in time of war, when most
wanted, it was liable at any time to be captured
or destroyed by lire through the means of shells?
The next point is the importance of fresh water
as in comparison with salt water. On this both
parties seem to agree, in so far as iron vessels are
concerned, and 1 believe the proposed yard is for
such.
The most of scientific or mechanical men who
have had experience in this respect speak without
hesitation, and say that fresh water is indispen-
sable to the construction of iron vessels.
League Island is located in fresh water; New
London is not. Listen to the two reports. The
New London report says:
• " At League Island the water is fresh, and in this respect
the board is of the opinion that the advantage is with
League Island, no far a-> itou vessels are concerned,"
The League Island report says:
"The water is perfectly fresh at League Island at all pe-
riods of the tide, ami untW-i all its vanatioinand thereof the
winds. The site is theiefore vastly superior tcrthat of Win-
tin op's Point, where the wateris salt at nil times, especially
for iron vessels. The bottom of an iron vessel iouicd by a
sea voyage would becleaned and perhaps thegrftosbo killed,
by remaining at League Island anchorage. The iie=h water
at League island has little or noefiect upon the lionofa
vessel, while the salt water of Winthrop's Point corrodes
the material more or loss rapidly oven when coated, and the
coating itself is an expensive opeiation.
"The spray from salt wau-r in stoims i" very injurious to
machinery noai the sea shore, and to this the works at New
London would be exposed, while those at League Island
would not."
After reading these two statements no candid
mind can avoid yielding to League Island supe-
riority. This is the second gieat advantage in
favor of League Island.
The third and last point is as to the means of
procuring supplies and materials for the con-
struction of vessels.
The supplies necessary have certainly as good
if not a better market at Philadelphia than they
would have at New London; but this is a small
matter as compared with the iron, machinery,
coal, and timber.
As to iron and coal,no one can deny the prox-
imity of League Island to the immense iron ore
beds; and the inexhaustible mines of coal answer
in behalf of that site. On this all of the board and
all who have spoken or who have written agree.
The means of manufacturing machinery are
quite as ample in Pennsylvania as in Connecti-
cut. And 1 am not aware that New London has
any advantage over League Island in ability to
procure the proper growth of timber.
Thus I have shown that upon the three main
points which should be considered in tlie choice
of a location for a navy-yard, League Island has
greatly, and beyond dispute, the advantage.
I have made no attempt to color either one fa-
vorably, or the other unfavorably. I have taken
each report and placed them side by side in eon-
trast, so that all may judge, each one for himself.
I have made no allusion to the position of tlie
great State of Pennsylvania and the claim she may
be supposed to have at this time upon the Gen-
eral Government. My'wish has been only to
fairly state the facts, and having done so, I leave
the matter to take its proper course in this House.
niagara ship-canal.
SPEECH OP HON. DE W. C. LITTLEJOHN,
or new york,
1st the House of Representatives,
February 1, 1865,
On the bill (H. It. No. 186) to construct a ship-canal around
the falls of Niagara, and amendment to construct a ship-
canai from the Mississippi to the Lakes.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN said:
Mr. Speaker: I regret to be obliged to oppose
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Arnold] to the bill which I have
introduced, having for its object the construction
of a ship-canal around the falls of Niagara within
our own territory. Iam not hostile, nor do many
who propose to vote with me against the amend-
ment, feel hostile to the construction of a canal
from Chicago to the Mississippi river. I oppose
it, because I foar the adoption of the amendment
will defeat the whole bill, many members upon
this floor being decidcdly opposed to the union
of these measures in the same bill. There are
many, sir, very many, upon this floor who, while
they are in favor of both projects, the communi-
cation around the falls of Niagara, and the Illi-
nois ship-canal, cannot and will not assent to
uniting them in one act, as it would encourage
propositions for other works of a similar charac-
ter. I am opposed to ommbusbills. Wise legis-
lation demands that each measure should stand
or fall upon its own merits.
Now, sir, I propose to show how much more
important to the East and West is the canal around
the falls of Niagara than the canal proposed by
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois.
First, let us examine the question in its military
point of view. The Piesident of the United States
has notified the English Government of our in-
tention to rescind that portion of the treaty of
1817 which limits cach Power to one armed vessel
npon the great northern chain of lakes. Under
this notice it will become nccessary for the defense
of a frontier three thousand miles long, forming a
navigable boundary for eight of the most import-
ant States of the Union, with an aggregate popu-
lation of over ten millions, with its numerous large
towns and cities engaged in an inland commerce
far exceeding the entire foreign commerce of the
whole nation, to construct at great cost and main-
lain distinct and independent naval fleets upon
Lake Ontario below and the upper lakes above the
falls. .
The Niagara ship-canal, when constructed, it
will readily be perceived,does away with the ne-
cessity for this double fleet, affording a means of
concentrating our vessels-of-war at any given
point upon any one of the entire chain of lakes,
thus rendering all the lakes practically one for
purposes of defense.
On Lake Ontario and St. Lawrence river the
commercial marine of the Canadians greatly ex-
ceeds the American tonnage; while on the upper
lakes above the falls it is almost exclusively Amer-
ican, consisting of over sixteen hundred vessels.
A large proportion of these are of a class too large
to pass the locks of the Weiland canal even if its
use should be accorded to us by the Canadian
government.
Mr. GANSON. I desire to ask my colleague
a question: how wide is the Niagara river below
the falls to Lake Ontario?
Mr. LITTLEJOHN. It is sufficiently wide
for the purpose to navigation.
Mr. GANSON. By the maps and from my
own knowledge, it is about a quarter of a mile
wide. The heights on the Canadian side, as my
colleague knows, command the American side,
and from the Canadian side a shell could at any
moment be dropped into the locks of this canal,
causing an explosion which would tear them to
pieces, and render ihe canal entirely useless as a
means of communication for defensive purposes.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN. I am aware of the ob-
jection stated by my colleague. This communi-
cation, if it be constiucted, can be used for the
purpose of concentrating our Navy up to the hour
of the declaration of war. When a declaration
of war'hasbeen made by the English Govern-
ment or our own, then the protection of this com-
munication as well as of the city which the gen-
;v
