APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 1,
S8xh Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Niagara Ship-Canal—Mr. Littlejolin.
. Ho. of Reps.
deman represents, lying under the guns of Can-
ada, would demand that a sufficient force should
jross the river to take immediate possession of the
' western hank.
Mr. GANSON. I would say to my colleague
that.my constituents and their neighbors, in case
ufadifficulty with Great Britain, propose to march
, over and have the fight on the Canadian side, and
' take the entire peninsula, without relying on gun-
boats.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN. That is precisely my
^ proposition; in that respect we agree.
Now, sir, England has constructed a perfect
communication from the Atlantic to the lakes
arid through the lakes. She has to-day a canal
ten feet deep, with locks two hundred feet long
and fifty feet broad, around the rapids between
Montreal and Ogdensburg. She has also an in-
land canal called the Rideau canal, constructed
for militaiy purposes alone, with tycks one hun-
dred and forty feet long by thirty-three in width,
connecting Montreal with Kingston. The Wel-
land canal, about thirty miles in length, with
locks one hundred and fifty feet in length and
twenty-six feet in width, with ten feet depth of
water, connects Lakes Erie and Ontario on Cana-
dian soil, a few miles inland to the west of Niag-
ara river, with capacity to pass vessels and gun-
boats of four hundred tons burden.
The English Government has located naval
depots at Kingston, on Lake Ontario, Maiden,
on Lake Erie, and Penetanguisliene, upon Geor-
gian bay, on Lake Huron, and those depots are
well supplied to-day with naval stores and mu-
nitions of war, ready for a conflict. She has in her
waters a hundred gunboats of a size adapted to
the navigation of the canals referred to which can
be thrown upon these lakes at once; and, sir, if
she contemplates a war, they will be placed upon
the lakes before the declaration of war is made,
and the whole frontier, every city from Ogdens-
burg to Chicago, will be under the guns of British
gunboats.
' It will be admitted, then, that her communica-
tions are perfect. She has intended for the last
half a century that they should be so. Now,
what do we propose? Why, sir, to make this
great chain of lakes one sea by this communica-
tion for all purposes of military and naval defense.
Sound policy demands that no reliance be placed
oil any canal of six feet depth of water, whether
from the Mississippi to Chicago or the Hud-
son to Lake Ontario to supply the lakes with
gunboats of size, capacity, and caliber to contend
with the laiger and superior class of boafs which
it has been shown are at the command of our
northern neighbors. Boats of such draft of water
and such dimensions could never withstand the
tempests of the lakes, and would therefore be
wholly inadequate for purposes of defense. It
becomes the American people, then, to provide
every means of defense in the power of the Gov-
ernment upon the lakes themselves.
As 1 remarked when interrupted by my col-
league, there are sixteen hundred merchant ves-
sels upon the lakes above the falls, most of them
too large to pass the Wei land canal, if its use was
accorded to us by the Canadian authorities. Those
vessels could bo converted into gunboats in the
space of six or eight weeks, and could be coii-
ccntiated by the proposed canal 011 Lake On-
tario for purposes of defense to meet the British
fleet when it leaves the St. Lawrence and enters
the lakes at or near Kingston, it must be ad-
mitted that if there is a great naval battle upon
ajiy of these lakes, it will be first fought 011 Lake
Ontario, is that lake not the key to the whole?
Naval success on Lake Ontario, where herwateis
seek the St. Lawrence in their progress to the
ocean, is a guarantee of protection to the entiie
chain of lakes, while success confined to Lake
trie or the upper lakes alone would be an aban-
donment of LakeOntario to the enemy. The in-
land commerce of our northern lakes, in magni-
tude twice as great as all the foreign commciceof
the whole nation, and in which ten million Amer-
ican citizens are interested, demands immediate
protection, it is threatened by a foreign Power
unscrupulous in times of war. The construction
of one fleet, having tho range of the ent.ire chain
of the northern seas, is the only efficient mode of
defense now within our reach. It would be sui-
cidal to incur even the hazard of interruption of
this trade and commerce. While the westward-
bound commerce is highly important to the com-
fort and prosperity of the western States, their
agricultural products are indispensable to the
eastern States. The arrest of the eastward-bound
movement of food by British supremacy on the
lakes, even for a short period, would create a
state of suffering to the inhabitants of New Eng-
land and the Atlantic States unparalleled in the
history of our country. And yet, as it were, un-
der the guns of a foreign nation jealous of our
commercial prosperity and increasing national
power, and constantly assuming a threatening
attitude toward us on the slightest pretenses, these
great municipal and commercial interests are ut-
terly unprotected.
These, sir, are briefly some of the military con-
siderations which imperatively demand the con-
struction of the canal provided for by this bill.
But, sir, it is no objection to the construction of
this canal as a military proposition that it is of
great importance to both the East and tho West
as a commercial avenue or highway. I make
here the broad assertion, to which I call the at-
tention of western members, that the figures will
show that the construction of this ship-canal will
cheapen the transportation of every bushel ofgrain
sent to the eastern markets at least five cents a
bushel. Figures prove this, and you ask me
how. It has been the policy of the State which
I have the honor in part to represent on this floor
to compel the products of the great West to pass
over her long line of canals, three hundred and
forty-five miles from Lake Erie to the Hudson.
Construct this ship-canal, and the inland canal
navigation from the lakes to the Hudson will not
exceed one hundred and seventy miles. The dif-
ference is over one hundred and fifty miles. You
thus substitute deep water, free lake navigation,
arid save over one hundred and fifty miles of
expensive canal transportation. The toll levied
upon that length of canal is, on wheat, corn, and
flour, and like property, one dollar per ton. By
the terms of this bill it is provided that 011 simi-
lar property the toll shall not exceed twenty cents
per ton. Here, then,is the saving of eighty cents
per ton upon all property which lequires to be
transported fioni the Northwest to the East in
the item of tolls alone.
The cost of transportation will be further di min-
ish'ed by the substitution of large vessels for
small.
The cost of one trip of a steam propeller of four han-
dled tons by the piesent Welldnd canal is $1,5-11. Per
ton  $3 85
The eo^t of one trip of a steam propeller of one
thousand tons by the proposed Niagara ship canal
would bo ^3,435. Per ton..    9 43
DilTercncein favor oflarge propeller per ton 4-2
equal to $1,420 on a single trip. This with the
saving in tolls would give a total of about $3 20
per ton. Those familiar with the tonnage of the
lakes will appreciate the importance of the pro-
posed improvement. Those who do not will un-
derstand the interest the northern States have in
this question when they learn that the eastward
movement of western property the last two sea-
sons by all eastern communications reached
nearly five million tons each season.
The capacity of tho proposed Niagara canal
will be about thirty-two thousand tons per day, or
equal to about eight million tons in an ordinary
season of navigation.
Mr. WILSON. 1 desire to ask the gentleman
from New Yoik what assurance he can give to
the people of the West that the tolls upon the ca-
nal from Oswego will not be increased so as to
preserve tho equilibrium of tolls between that
point and between Buffalo and tide-water?
Mr. UTTLEJOHN. 3 should have reached
that point in a moment; but I will answer the gen-
tleman. The construction of the Niagara ship-
canal, passing vessels of twelve or fifteen hundred
tons to the lower end of Lake Ontario, will com-
pel the State of New York to enlarge her canal
ftom Oswego, and will also compel the State, in
competition with the St. Lawrence, to place the
toils at the lowest possible rates.
But there is another guarantee upon which I
place the more reliance, and that is, private com-
petition. Permit the grain and other products of
the Northwest to reach the lower end of Lake
Ontario, and the capitalists of New York and the
Northwest will construct through lines of rail-
roads from that point to the Hudson, which will
compel the State of New York to reduce the toll
from the figure at which it now stands. Twenty-
four hours would suffice to pass the grain from
Lake Ontario by a line of railway one hundred
and sixty miles in length to the Hudson, elevated
at one quarter of a cent per bushel from the lake
vessel to the cars and transferred to the barges on
the Hudson river by the laws of gravitation. This
I deem a conclusive reply to my friend from Iowa.
While grain and produce generally cannot be car-
ried cheaply on long lines of railroads, as from
Lake Erie to the Hudson, yet, on a short line like
this leferred to, and on descending grades, the
cost will little if any exceed the charge by canal.
The friends from the Northwest know that
there are to-day lying in the depots of the Erie
and the Central lailroads thousands of tons of
property which was placed there before the close
of navigation, and which cannot yet be trans-
ported to New York.
Mr. WILSON. I desire toask the gentleman,
inasmuch as I represent a district lying far to the
west of Chicago, to inform this House how that
great region of country which lies west of Chicago,
is to avail itselfof the benefits of this cheap trans-
portation without a water line of transportation
which shall run westward from Chicago, and
connect the region west of the Mississippi with
this cheap water line of transportation to theEast?
Mr. UTTLEJOIIN. Sir, it is contrary to
human wisdom to enlarge the sources of a mount-
ainous stream without opening first its outlets,
and my friend from Iowa may pile the corn and
wheat of Iowa and other western States mount-
ains high upon the shores of Lake Michigan,
and without large additional facilities eastward
it will avail him nothing.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker, I think lean
suggest a lemedy, certainly one which would be
perfect when peace shall be restored, and yet I fear
that the remedy which I would propose would not
meet with favor at the hands of the gentleman
from New York, and that is, to so improve the
navigation of the Mississippi river, that great
highway of the commerce of tiie West, as to make
it an uninterrupted watercommunication from St.
Paul to the Gulf of Mexico. A proposition will
be submitted, if not as an amendment to this bill,
as an original bill in this House, to canal the two
rapids in the Mississippi river, which will give
to the western country a water communication
connected with the Baltimore and Ohio railroad
and with the Pennsylvania Central railroad; so
that we shall have that advantage as well as the
one which the gentleman proposes to give us.
Now, from the remarks which the gentleman
fromNew York has made in relation to the pend-
ing amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
[iVlr. Arnold,] I fear that this proposition will not
meet with more favor than that, and yet I may
say to him that unless we can secure these lines
of transportation between Chicago and the great
country west of it his proposed improvement will
amount to but very little.
Mr. L1TTLEJOHN. In reply to my friend
from Iowa, I will say that so far as my own
views are concerned on this question, I am in
favor of the most liberal construction of com-
munications, whether by rail or by water, in all
parts of the United States. Such has been the
position I have always occupied in my own State,
and such will be the position I shall occupy upon
this floor. Like the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Ingersoll,] 1 claim to be a citizen of the
United States, and of no single State. As an in-
dependent proposition, I will vote for any meas-
ure that the gentleman from Iowa may bring in,
but I do object to loading down a more important
proposition with amendments until it sinks by
its own weight, and fails to receive the approval
of a majority of the members upon this floor.
Mr. SLOAN, i desire to say to the gentleman
fiom Iowa that it seems to me that the States
west of the Mississippi river will participate in
the benefits of this Niagara canal as well as those
lying upon the lakes. The products of the StafP3
west of the Mississippi river are now carried to
the Atlantic sea-boaid through the navigable
