18.65.]
APPENDIX f 0 THE CONGRESSIONAL: 0LOBE.
38th Cong.... 2d Sess.
Niagara Ship-Canal—Mr. LittlejoJm.
Ho. of Reps.
waters of the lakes, and hence those States will
enjoy the benefits of the cheaper transportation
winch this proposed ship-canal will afford to the
States bordering upon the lakes.
Mr. WILSON. I will suggest, in reply to the
gentleman'from Wisconsin, that the country lying
west of Chicago, without water communication
with that city, will beat the mercy of the railway
corporations connecting that western country with
the lines of lake transportation, and that gentle-
man knows full well—at least X know full well—
that the tariffs of freights upon those railways
running west of Chicago are so adjusted as to
make up the difference in the reduction of freights
east from Chicago, and this work would be no ac-
commodation to us unless we had through water
communication to Chicago. What we may gain
in saving of transportation by this means will be
made up by the persons controlling the lines of
railroad west from Chicago by an increase of rates
of freight.
Mr;. LITTLEJOHN. Mr. Speaker—to re-
sume my remarks where I left off—the construc-
tion of this ship-canal permits a vessel laden with
the products of the West to seek the lowest point
on the chain of lakes nearest tide-water before
breaking cargo. 1 have undoubtedly convinced
the mind of every member on this floor that it
will cause a saving on the New York canals of
eighty cents per ton, which is nearly three cents
per bushel. There is still another saving that
will be effected. Very few vessels are now being
constructed on the lakes of a size that can pass
the Welland canal. Vessels of a larger size, being
more economical, are built, confining the trade
to the long line of canals terminating on Lake
Erie above the falls. Hence, year by year, the
>> trade of the great West with Lake Ontario is being
lessened. When a ship-canal shall be opened
that will allow a larger class of vessels to pass,
then these vessels that are now confined to the
upper lakes will come into competition with those
of a smaller class. You will find vessels of fifteen
hundred tons running from Buffalo to the lower
end of Lake Ontario, a distance of over one hun-
dred and fifty miles, in twenty-four hours, in
competition with the canal-boats of two hundred
tons' burden the same distance on the Erie canal.
This difference in capacity further cheapens the
cost of transportation to an amount fully equal
to the saving in tolls.
Again: time is an important consideration in
the movement of the products of the great food-
producing States of the West. A steam pro-
peller, laden with thirty thousand bushels of grain
or other property, would make the passage from
Chicago to the lower end of Lake Ontario in five
or six d.ays. Her cargo, by the rail proposed,
would be delivered to the barge on the Hudson
in one day, and by that barge be placed alongside
of ship for transhipment to a foreign market in
one day more, making a total of seven or eight
days from Chicago to the sea-coast. It would be
safe to assume the average time would not exceed
ten days. Thus if the State of New York did
not provide adequate facilities by her canals the
products of the West could be taken, in the mode
indicated, with regularity, in eight or ten days
from the city of Chicago to the docks of New
York. And what 1 say about New York applies
equally to New England.
What are the facilities that you have now for
the transportation of products ea|t and west?
The Baltimore and Ohio railroad, the Pennsyl-
vania railroad, the New York and Erie, the New
York Central, and the Erie canal. Last year there
were not transportation facilities for one ton where
there were two tons ready for shipment. In 1862
the western States sent to eastern markets one
hundred and thirty-five million bushels of grain.
Ten years hence, with enlarged and adequate
means of transportation, that amount will be in-
creased to five hundred millions. There are now
in Illinois two hundred million bushels of grain,
one fourth of which will never reach tide-water
for want of avenues either by rail or water.
Let us see what are some of the advantages to
be derived from opening this communication. I
have shown the saving of toll, and the saving by
the substitution of large craft for small. Put the
two together, and you have a clear saving of five
cents oil every bushel of grain. Five cents a
New Sehies—No. 3.
bushel on the one hundred Mid thirty-five million
bushels transported m 1862 gives you a total of
$6,750,000 of saving, to be divided between the
producing States of the Northwest and the con-
sumers of New England and New York, Penn-
sylvania and New Jersey. There is one law of
trade which is to be observed, and that is, that all
competing lines are brought to a level, or to nearly
a level, with the cheapest. If the-lake route is
cheaper, then must every competing line reduce
its rates of transportation in order to retain its
business, so that the construction of this canal
will benefit the entire northern States of the Union.
Increase the amount of grain transported to two
hundred million bushels.and I hope it will reach
that amount the present year, and the saving in
the'cost of transportation will be $10,000,000, to
be divided between the consumers and the produ-
cers. When this communication and others shall
be opened, and when theamountshall be increased
to five hundred million bushels, the annual saving
will be $25,000,000 annually.
But that is not the whole of the saving. It is
well known by those who deal in the products of
the West, that whenever the present limited
means of communication are filled to excess, the
rates advance from five cents to twenty-five cents
a bushel. I have known fifty cents a bushel to
be paid for the transportation of wheat from Chi-
cago to the Atlantic; while, under the communi-
cation that we propose, these rates would be, al-
most universally, within twenty cents.
The cost of the proposed canal, in consequence
of its size, the rock excavation, and its great
amount of lockage, will be so large that private
enterprise cannot undertake its construction; the
State of New York will not. The only mode left,
then, is to apply to the General (Government.
I submit, therefore, whether wise statesmanship,
at a time when our people are groaning under tax-
ation, incident to the war, does not most clearly
demand that wo should grant Government aid to
the amount sought by this bill, and in bonds, too,
not payable for twenty years, when it is so clearly
demonstrable that the people will save each year
not less than the whole amount asked for. 1 de-
sire to be placed upon record as predicting that
upon the completion of the Niagara ship-canal
and the consequent increased facilities from Lake
Ontario to the tide-water which will inevitably fol-
low, that the annual saving to producer and con-
sumer in transportation will average over fifteen
million dollars during the lifetime of the bonds
proposed to be loaned. Our duty then is plain.
Mr. Speaker, 1 did not intend when I arose to
occupy so much of the time of the House. I will
trespass but a moment more, and then close. I
have shown to the Northwest the important in-
terest which she has in the construction of this
communication. I trust I have convinced mem-
bers representing the food-producing States that
it is of more importance to them that this eastern
outletshould be immediately opened than that the
Illinois ship-canal should be built, and that its con-
struction should not be defeated or risked by
coupling it with any other measure.
It is important, perhaps, to show when you
reach the lower lakes what means of communica-
tion will connect you with theAtlantic. There is
the railway communication by way of Rochester
and the Central and Erie railroad, and soon to the
Pennsylvania mines. Application has been made
to the Legislature of New York for a charter to
construct a ship-canal from Sodus bay, on the
south shore of Lake Ontario, to pass through Ca-
yuga and Seneca lakes to a point near the Penn-
sylvania line, in order to receive the anthracite
coals of Pennsylvania, and distribute them at the
lowest possible p'rice'over the whole Northwest.
A railroad is being constructed from Sodus
south via Auburn to Binghamton, connecting with
the Erie and Delaware and Lackawanna rail-
roads, while a road is already being operated from
Oswego in connection with the same roads, form-
ing continuous lines to New York, the coal fields
of Pennsylvania, and the city of Philadelphia. By
these roads the coal fields of Pennsylvania are
brought much nearer the lakes than by any other
lines which now exist or can hereafter be made.
At Oswego the enlargedOswego and Erie canal
connects with the Hudson river atTroy, with its
double tier of locks eastward from Syracuse.
Two railroads also connect this important point
with the Central railroad. . >
At Cape Vincent the Rome and Watertown
railroad now receives large_consignments of lake
produce and delivers the same iuNew Yorkeither
by Central railroad or the Erie canal from Rome. ^
The projected railroad from the Hudson to
Lake Ontario via Saratoga is being rapidly pushed
to completion, and will form an important avenue
for western produce.
Prom Ogdensburg you have a railroad over
which the city of Boston last year supported a
line of fifteen steam propellers in her trade with
the western States, a trade likely to be inter-
rupted instantly by an order in council of the
Canadian board of works in prohibiting the use
of the Welland canal. By this line large amounts
of property are sent to New York via Lake Cham-
plain and canal. Then again at Montreal you
have a railway connection with Portland by which
commerce is destinedin the future to grow to im-
mense proportions. Again, there are those en-
gaged in our lakecommerce who contend that the
cheapest water communication which can ever be
opened with the lakes is from the St. Lawrence
river at Montreal through Lake Cham plain, leav-
ing only a canal of sixty miles in length from the
foot of Lake Champlain to the navigable waters
of the Hudson.
The construction of the Niagara ship-canal of
the size proposed gives to the West- all these
competing lines in addition to those now avail-
able to her use, from the lakes above the falls. I
respectfully call the attention of my friend from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] to these additional avenues.
If, however, the eastern States are so far negli-
gent of their interests as to withhold facilities for
transportation through and into their territories,
then the Northwest, by permission of the Canadian
authorities, can use the St. Lawrence river as an
easement to the ocean. In my judgment it will
only be availed of under such circumstances.
Mr. BLOW. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Littlejohn] has alluded to the St. Law-
rence. 1 desire to remind him that we have a
stream running through our country; and that
upon that stream and its tributaries there is as
great a tonnage as upon tiie lakes. I ask him,
what does he propose to do with that immense
tonnage when the navigation of that river is ogam
fully restored? Is that tonnuge to remain idle, or
is it to be compelled, by the building of such ca-
nals as he proposes, to contend with the great
routes to New York? I assert that before this
rebellion broke out we transported the grain of
Illinois and Iowa by way of New Orleans to the
Atlantic ports at one fourth of the price that it is
being transported for to-day. Let the gentleman
meet that question before he asks us to throw
open a connection with the lakes by way of the
Illinois river.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN. I have already stated
that there are many upon this floor who oppose
this amendment who will vote for it as an inde-
pendent proposition.
Mr. BLOW. Will the gentleman refer me to
any time in the history of thisGoverriment when
thirty thousand miles of inland seas have ever
been improved by a public appropriation of any
magnitude?
Mr. LITTLEJOHN. The greatest lake of the
whole chain was connected with the lower lakes
by St. Mary's canal, built by a donation from the
United StstesGovernment. That is an argument
in favorof theeonstruciion of the canal around the
fulls of Niagara. But I desire to correct my friend
from Missouri [Mr. Blow] in one thing. 1 hold
in my hand an extract from the annual report of
the Secretary of the Treasury for the year ending
August 31, 1860, to show the importance of the
Mississippi river as an outlet for the products of
the northwestern States. I do not intend to de-
preciate the trade supposed to be confined to that
river, but to show the little importance of that
river to the producing Slates of the northwest.
In 1860 New Orleans exported to foreign ports
2,189 bushels of wheat, as against 1,880,908 bush-
els from New York; 224,000 bushels of corn, as-
against 1,580,014 bushels from New York. Of flour
there was exported from New Orleans 80,540 bar-
rcls;from New York, 1,187,200 barrels. Now,sir,
I do not refer to this in the way of opposition to
