1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
725
explanation of this amendment from the honor-
able Senator from Maryland. It is a very large
amount for traveling expenses.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was about to state why I
offered it. The judge of that circuit now, by your
recent legislation, is to attend the circuit court in
the State of Oregon, and he will have to attend
one in Nevada. You give him now f1,000 for
the purpose of paying his expenses in coming
here. The currency which is used in that coun-
try, fortunately for them, is altogethera currency
of coin; the notes of the United States are really
not negotiable except as an article of barter and
sale. As I have understood—not from him; I have
heard it from others, but I am sure it is true—the
salary, which is $6,000,1 think, and then $1,000
for travel, making §7,000,he was obliged to sell,
and could only get for it $9,400. Now, it seems
to me ta be bad policy every way that we should
pay a judge of the Supreme Court, whose duties
are not only of the highest character to be dis-
charged here, but whose duties require him to go
to those three States, only what, in point of fact,
in the present condition of the country, is but
about twenty-four hundred dollars. I believe the
Senators from Nevada and the Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Conness] and the Senator from Ore-
gon [Mr. Nesmith] will concur in the opinion
which I state that it is altogether inadequate to
defray his expenses.
Mr. STEWART. Knowing somethingabout
the matter spoken of by the Senator from Mary-
land, I will state for the information of the Sen-
ate that it is much more expensive to travel from
here to Nevada or Oregon by the way of Cal-
ifornia than might at first be supposed. Coming
this way, the steamship line on both sides de-
mands coin. I believe that in going from here
they take currency from New York to the Isth-
mus, but on the Pacific side coin is used. Then,
in the present condition of traveling, there are
many incidental expenses. In going between here
and California, a fair average would be at least
$200 in coin. If there is any extra baggage, as
there always must be with gentlemen traveling,
it is twenty cents a pound across the Isthmus. If
a gentleman is going to travel continuously, every
year, and live for any considerable length of time
on the steamers, particularly those on this side,
he must have some extras, and must have food
that he does not get at the regular table, and he
must give something to the servants, unless Van-
derbilt's line on this side is reoganized. Per-
haps a very healthy man could stand it for one
or two trips, but a judge of the Supreme Court
cannot live for a term of years and travel over
that route without having different supplies from
what is ordinarily to be had on the steamships.
I think a gentleman would ordinarily spend in
going from here to California, $500 in coin. I do
not think that any gentleman in this body could
go there and back for less than $1,000 in coin,
taking into account all the incidental expenses of
the trip. To get that amount of coin would take
over $2,000 of your currency. To go from San
Francisco to Nevada to hold one term of the
court would cost not less than $300 in coin, and
about the same to go to Oregon.
Mr. CONNESS. He could not go to Oregon
and back for that.
Mr. STEWART. I think it is a very low es-
timate; $3,000 a year in currency will not defray
the necessary traveling expenses of the judge
who presides over that circuit. It will no more
than place him on an equal footing with the judge
on the bench, whose circuit is most i-emote from
this place, but the next to his, and who receives
no allowance for traveling fees.
I look at the question in this light: if the Senate
is satisfied that this judge ought to have this
amount of money in oider to enable him to per-
form the functions which are assigned to him, it
is its duty to make this appropriation. I presume
the Senate does not wish to call upon a judge of
the Supreme Court to defray the legitimate ex-
penses of the Government; that is, to hold courts
to accommodate the people and defray his own
expenses. If we cannot in that remote region
have judges paid so that they shall not be objects
of charity, placing themselves under pecuniary
and other obligations to litigants as they pass
through the country; if we cannot have judges
who can by economy live independent of litigants
or of borrowing from friends, we had better have
no courts. We have had some experiments in
paying judges not sufficient to live upon in that
western country, and we would not ask for this
increase of appropriation if it was not absolutely'
necessary. If you will not make the necessary
appropriation to defray the ordinary expenses of
these courts, it is better not to have the courts,
or to declare at once that nobody but a man of
fortune shall hold a judgeship. I am perfectly
confident that a little reflection and a little count-
ing of the cost on the part of the Senate will satisfy
every one that $3,000 is as small an allowance
as we ought to make, and that the judge in at-
tending upon the duties of this circuit incurs
$3,000 of extra expense over the necessary ex-
penses of the judge of any other circuit in the
United States.
Mr. NESMITH. I think there is a manifest
justice in this amendment, and I hope to see it
adopted. When the bill was originally passed
which provided for the compensation of the mem-
ber of the Supreme Court for California, it was
declared that in addition to his salary he should
have $1,000 a year for traveling expenses. Since
that time the currency has not only become very
much depreciated, but we have added very largely
to his duties. He is now required not only to
make the trip from line to California and back
annually, but he is compelled to make the trip
from San Francisco to Portland in Oregon, and
thence returning, to make the trip from San Fran-
cisco to the capital of Nevada. This is an in-
crease of duty over what was contemplated by
the original law. I think there should be a con-
sequent increase of compensation.
I have had some experience in traveling over
that route, and I know that it is utterly impossi-
ble for any gentleman to travel from Oregon to
Washington city upon $1,000 in the present cur-
rency. It may be possible for him to make the
trip from New York to Oregon with that amount;
but under any circumstances $3,000 will no more
than compensate the ordinary expenses of the
trip from here to San Francisco, and from San
Francisco to Portland, and thence back to San
Francisco, and from there to the capital of Ne-
vada, and then back to San Francisco and thence
to this city again.
1 desire to call the attention of the Senate to
the fact that the distinguished member of the Su-
preme bench for the Pacific States, who discharged
his high duties with such distinguished ability,
is not in the condition of a member of Congress.
A member of Congress from that coast receives
a much greater mileage than is provided for even
by this amendment, and he is not compelled to
raturn to his constituents during the recess of
Congress; but the judge is compelled to hold his
courts in California, in Nevada, and in Oregon,
(luring the recess of the Supreme Court. There
is no possibility of his evading that duty or avoid-
ing its performance. Heisnecessarily compelled
to make the trip. I introduced a bill some time
ago providing that the judges of the Supreme
Court of the United States should be allowed the
same mileage as members of Congress. I think
that is the least we should give them; but inas-
much as the Senate thinks differently from me on
that subject I am satisfied to take the best I can
get. I trust this amendment will be adopted, so
as to afford compensation for the actual traveling
expenses.
Mr. HALE. I want to raise a question of
order. Is the amendment in order under the
30th rule of the Senate?
Mr. CONNESS. I would not read that rule
now. That question was determined yesterday.
Mr. HALE. I rather think not. The 30th rule
is that—
"No amendment propoMnsj additional appropriations
shall ho received to any general appropiiation lull, unless
it be made to carry out the provisions of some existing: law,
or some act or resolution previously passed by the Senate
during that se^ion, or moved by direction of a standing or
select committee of the Senate, or in puisuanceof an esti-
mate from the head of some of the Departments."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
was aware of the rule, and is inclined to the opin-
ion that this is not an amendment proposing an
additional appropriation. It is an appropriation
proposed to be increased, but is not within the
rule an additional appropriation, as the Chair un-
derstands, The Chair, however, will take the
sense of the Senate on the question if the Senator
desires.
Mr. H£.LE. Let the amendment be read,'
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike
out in line eight hundred and seventy the word
"one" and insert "three;" so as to make the
clause read:
"For traveling expenses of the judge assigned to the
tenth circuit tor attending session of the Supreme Court
of the United States, $3,000."
Mr. HALE. Is not that an additional appro-
priation ?
Mr. CONNESS. I understand the Chair has
decided the question. , .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will take the sense of the Senate on the question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like information
on this point for myself. The question must have
been raised many timesin theSenateasto whether
an increase of an appropriation already in the
bill is prohibited by the rule. Is that an addi-
tional appropriation? It certainly is additional in
amount; but is it an additional or new appropri-
ation ?
Mr. HALE. The words of the rule are, " no
amendment proposing additional appropria-
tions."
Mr. CONNESS. As I understand, the Chair
has decided the question, and the Senator has not
appealed.
Mr. HALE. I do not understand the Chair to
have made a decision, but to have said that he
would take the sense of the Senate on the point.
Mr. CONNESS. I understand it to be the duty
of the Chair to decide, and that the Chair did de-
cide, but said to the Senator that if he appealed
the Chair would take the sense of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
gave his own impression; but at the same time
said he would take the sense of the Senate, if the
Senator desired, which may clearly be done under
the rules.
Mr. GRIMES. I trust the Chair will take the
sense of the Senate. If the views of the Chair
on this occasion are carried out, as I understand
them, culminating on the decision made this
morning, we shall understand exactly where we
are.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will putthe question in this way: Is this an addi-
tional appropriation?
Mr. GRIMES. If it is not, if the point of or-
der is not well taken by the Senator from New
Hampshire, I confess I do not understand the
English language.
Mr. CONNESS. I regret very much that this
new application of the rule is proposed in this
case. This slight appropriation is proposed for
causes sufficient, I think, as has been slated, and
directly after an appropriation of $20,000 appli-.
cable to California has been stricken from the bill
without any objection from us, showing cleaily
that our purpose is not to take moneyfrom the
Treasury and give it to any case applicable to
California. Upon a proposition to add a neces-
sary amount to sustain one of the highest magis-
trates in the land in the performance of a duty
to which he is appointed, and to enable him to go
to the distant parts of his circuit and to come hero
annually to transact the important business of his
office, this rule is invoked. I trust the Senate will
not sustain the pointof order. Certainly we give
no evidence here of seeking a wasteful appropri-
ation of money for our region of country.
Mr. NESMITH. The provision of the 30th
rule just relied on is that " no amendment pro-
posing additional appropriations shall be received
to any general appropriation bill, unless it be
made to carry out the provisions of some exist-
ing law." Now, there is a law which was passed
at the time this judgeship was provided for, mak-
ing provision for the payment of his salary.
Since he was assigned to that position his du-
ties have been augmented by the action of both
branches of Congress. It is a question to my
mind whether a strict construction of the rule
would prohibit this appropriation. Thepayment
of his expenses is provided for by law. It is
ascertained that the sum is inadequate. Now we
propose to appropriate a sum which is adequate
to carry out the very provisions of the law, and
not in contravention of the law.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire what
is the decision of the Chair on the question of
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
