APPENDIX TO THE CONG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 3^
38th Com...2d Ssss.
Board of Admiralty—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
the navigation of the Mississippi riser; 1 i*eferto
it to shi>w that we can never depend upon that
river for the transports tionof grain,in consequence
of the great heat of that climate. A gentleman
near me asks how much pork was exported from
New Orleans. From that port there was exported
4,250 barrels; from New York, 109,379 barrels.
Sir, what has been in the past will be in the future.
,1 repeat that the cheapest outlet for her products
which the Northwest can have upon American
«oil is by using the entire chain of lakes—that
chain proposed to be made available by the con-
struction of the Niagara ship-canal. Had the
•Niagara river been unbroken by the falls, had it
been left by nature navigable as is the Detroit,
no one will for a moment contend that a vessel
bound toward tide-water with her cargo would
ever have broken bulk until she reached ihe near-
est point to that tide-water, namely, the foot of
Lake Ontario. This proposed canal removes na-
ture's obstructions.
Sir, what is the interest of the eastern States,
of my own Stale, of Pennsylvania and New Jer-
sey, in this question? I warn gentlemen who rep-
resent those States, engaged in an honorable com-
petition for the trade of theNorthwest, that if the
State of New York should oppose herself to this
proposition, she will compel what the Northwest
Baa tssked for, what Illinois sent a committee ap-
pointed by her Legislature to ask of the Canadian
Government, the consiruction of the Onowa ship-
canal. 1 desire to call the attention of Represent-
atives from New York, and Pennsylvania, and
New Jersey, and the New England Stales, to this
consideration; if you desire to part with ihisgteut
trade of the Northwest, then withhold this com-
munication, compelling thereby, as you will, the
immediate construction of the Ottawa ship-canal.
W hut is that? A slack-water navigation tor ves-
sels of one thousand tons' burden, from Georgia
bay to Montreal, placing Montreal ninety miles
nearer to Chicago and Milwaukee than is the city
ot' Buffalo by water, and six hundred miles neater
by w.uer than the city of New York, Boston, or
the city of Philadelphia. Has not the East the
same interest in this great question? Shall we
wuhhold the construction of this great communi-
cation? If so, for what reason? The present
means of transportation ureoverburdened. Point
me, if you can, to a single new line of ruilwayor
Cmul, projected or being constructed, between the
W.st mid the East. What steps is the State of
New Yoik taking for the ehlargententofhercom-
munications? Yv here is the Northwest lo find
on outlet for the next ten y.ars if this ouilet be
denied to them ? What will be the amount of those
products tea yeats hence? Why, sir, she will
raise orie thousand million bushels of grain for a
market over her own consumption. Not one acre
in ten of the great grain-producing Stales of the
Noithwest is yet under cultivation. When this
war shall have closed this country will go for-
ward in u tide of prosperity never witnessed be-
fore in ihe history of ihe world. Emigration from
the Old World and from the eastern Slates wiil
ecu tier its* If far and wide over the western prairies
and the southern soil. I predict, sir, we cannot
too soon provide outlets to distnbuteour produc-
tions to the markets of the Old Win Id.
Sir, we have a deeper interest still. When the
wor shall have closed, we shall have coouacted,
for the preservation of the Government, a debt
of perhaps three or four thousand million dol-
lais. Is it not proper that we should look to the
means of extinguishing that debt by sending our
produce to Europe, every bushel bringing back
a gold dollar? Where would we stand to-day
with an exportation of five hundred million bush-
els to.European markets? Independent, finan-
cially, of every Power upon the ftice of the globe.
Ge.niiftnun m«y say that foreign markets cannot
consume such an amount of our products, i have
here a letter from Baring Brothers & Company,
of England, showing that when the price reaches
a certain low price, st H a remunerative figure to
the European markets can, if there be cheap
communication with the West, receive and don-
, sume five hundred million bushels of grain.
This qiesuon grows in magrii-ude as we dis-
cuss u. I hope th it this .bill wiil pans without
aiiy atiieudm-ms, except such as are calculated 'o
perfect it. A« 1 prepared tfce bill, I mil call the
attention of the Hfruse to its mam features, and
then resume my seat. The State of New York
last winter refused to charter a company to come
here and ask aid to construct this canal. That,
in my judgment, was because its importance was
not appreciated. 1 desire to say that although
there is no great party in that State, yet it is well
known that there is a party adverse to the open-
ing of short lines through the State, contending
that it would reduce the revenue of the Erie canal.
This, perhaps, is not the place to discuss that
question. This bill provides that a ship-canal
shall be constructed about the falls as a military
work. It directs the President to appoint com-
missioners to survey this line. After the survey
is made and the route determined on, the Presi-
dent is directed to procure the right of way by
negotiation if possible; if not, by an application
to the court for the appointment of commissioners
to appraise the damages upon the principle on
which damages are appraised under the railroad
act of New York.
Up to that point the General Government acts.
And now, m order to benefit by private enter-
prise, in order to save to the Government a large
expenditure of the Government money, the Pres-
ident, having procured the right of way, is au-
thorized to contract with any responsible corpo-
rate company to enter upon those lands and con-
struct this canal. The bill further provides that
Congress shallloan to this company #6,000,000
of twenty-year bonds, in consideration for which
the company is bound togive to the United States
forever the practical ownership of the canal for
all military and naval purposes whatever, it also
compels the company to open up the canal as a
grand highway of commerce at a rate of tolls not
10 exceed the rate of toll now charged upon the
Wflland canal through Canada, which upon
grain, wheat, and corn, is twenty cents,and upon
Hour twenty-five cents, per ton.
The bill also provides for a board of revision,
to revise and alter the tolls every five years,
thereby protecting the commerce of the country.
It also provides that the Government may at any
time enter upon and purchase this canal from the
company, by adding ten per cent, to its actual
cost.
The bill has been framed with great care to pro-
tect the Government and the commeicial interests
of the country. No company is yet formed, and
the names of no persons are yet decided upon;
but if Lhe design of those who have moved in this
measure be carried out, the leading commercial
men of Portland, Boston, New York, Philadel-
phia, Baltimore, Chicago, and of the other lake
cities, will be invited to come forward and take
this work as trustees or agents ot the Govern-
ment and constiuct this canal forthwith.
The bill provides that it shall be completed
within three years, or the contract shall be for-
feited and the work revert to some oth«n* com-
pany, Lest some objection may be raised to the
light of the General Government to build this
canal over the lands of the State of New York, I
will state that a joint resolution was passed by
the Legislature of the State of New York, in
these words:
" Rewired, (if the Senate concur.) That the consent of
this Legislature is heiebv given to tliecoustrucuou, by the
Gnvei linn-ill ot ttm United States, of a >hiji canal around
ihe falls ni' Niagara, and that the Senator- and Represent-
atives ot this State in theUongiessot'lhe United States be
requested to use th«ir best efforts to procuie the jja*suge of
a bill lor this, purpose."
The consent, then, of the State of New York
has been-given to the United States to enter upon
and take land for the construction of this great
highway.
Now, sir, twenty-five or'fifty years hence, from
the Atlantic to the Pacific will be a continuous
tier of States, members of this Union, and over
those States will run the iron horseof the Pacific
railroad. Membeis who reside upon the far west-
ern coast have also an interest, then, in this high-
way. The products of Asia wafted over the Pa-
cific ocean, and then by rail, can be shipped upon
the waters of Lake Michiganand pass to the At-
lantic by this great improvement, and the nier-
chandi?*e of Philadelphia, of Baltimore, of New
York, of Boston, and of Poitland, will be sent
westward overthese waters and will find away to
the coast ofthe Pacific, and even to Chmaand India
for sale and consumption. And not only that, sir;
the time is coming, within the next half century,
when this Republic will dictate laws, not only
in tile arts and sciences, but in pecuniary matters,
to the whole world. The moneyed center of the
world is to be transferred from English to Amer-
ican soil, if we be but true to ourselves and use
and develop the resources and advantages boun-
tifully bestowed upon us by nature. England
must abandon her lines of communication with
her eastern possessions and become tributary to
the lines that we propose to construct between
the Atlantic and the Pacific. Her business men
and emigrants seeking Chinaand India must cross .
our coutinent/and pay tribute to our enterprise
and the genius of our institutions.
BOARD OF ADMIRALTY.
SPEECH OF HON. II. W. DAVIS,
OF MARYLAND,
In the House, of Representatives,
February 3, 1865.
The House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Washburne, of
Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the bill (II. R. No. 676) making appropriations for the na-
val service for the year ending June 30,1886, the pend-
ing question being theamcndmemsubmitted by Mi. Davis,
of Muiyiiind, to add to ihe bill the following:
Ptovided, That no money appropriated for the naval ser
vice shall be expended otherwise than m accordance with
the following pioviMon, so tar as it i  applicable; that is
to say, thatthe President, by and with tie- advice and con-
sent oi the Senate, shall appoint a Board of Adinnahy,
winch shall consist of the vice admiral and one lear ad-
miral, one commodore, o ie captain, one eonimiuider, and
one lieutenant commander, over which the tfeer<-taiy of
the Navy or the officer highest in rank pro-cut shall pre-
side; and when tins subject nitdei consideration fhall ap-
pertain to the duties ot any binoau in ihe Navy Depart-
ment, the chief of 5>ueh burenu yhnll be a nietnbt i of the
boaid, and entitled to and vote on the con tdi:iauon of
the subject. ^
Sec.—. Jlnd be it further enacted. That the boaid shall
deliberate in common and advi*e the Secretaiyon any
matters submitted by hin) relating to naval organization,
naval legislation, the construction, equi^m^nt, arid arma-
ment ot vessels, navy-jaidn, and oilier naval establish-
ment*, and the direction, employment, and disposition of
the naval forces in tune of war. Ail such opinions shall
be reeoidcd.
Sec. —. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That no vc^H-of- war
<ha!l be built or materially aliened, nor any tzuns of new
eoiistiiiotjon ordered or adopted, nor any engine tor any
ve* el of wai adapted or order* d, n< i any pennanentstiuc-
tuip for naval ««ivice executed, until the plans, estimates,
proposals, and contracts for the same >hall have been sub-
mitted to the board, and it?, opinion and advice thereon
communicated in wiitnia to the Seen-t.iry; nor shall any
patented invention be bought oi adopted loi the naval ser-
vice without first the.opinion of the board th.*reou h.ivuig
been taken ; and all experiments decided to te^t mven'ions
and naval plans and  «uueiures shall be conducted under
the inspection of the boaul, oi membeis theieot named by
ihe Secretary, and submitted to the board lor its opinion
theieon.
Sec.—. Jlnd be it fuithn enacted, That all invitations
for plans or propoj.aU tor any oi ilic woi ks above mentioned
shall be piepared b> the boaul, Mibjeet to die nppioval of
the Seen tary ; and all bids oi offers.or proposals for tbecame
shall be opened in the presence of the boaid, and ihe award
made by it, subject to ihe approval ofthe Secretary.
Sec.—. Jlnd be it fujtiter eitacted, That the c?eeietaiy
may add to thp boaid, nom time lo lime, other officer* ofthe
Navy eligible to the position of chief oi bineau, not exceed-
ing three, at any tune, for consultation on any of the above
subjects. The board may take the opinion oi eminent
practical engineers, mechanic-, machinist*, and aiclnteets,
in their le^pectivebiauehesofaitor mdiMiy, when in their
opinion the public service will b" p'omoted by if, and pay
them *uch reasonable compensation as the Secretaiy may
approve. *
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, said:
Mr. Chairman: i should have been glad, but
for the importance of this subject, to have al-
lowed the vote to be taken upon the amendment
which I have offered without making any ob-
servations on it. Bui the condition of the Navy,
and its great importance in the adjustment of
accounts which we will have to adjust with other
nations, so soon as this rebellion shall be sup-
pressed, majte it a matter of vital moment that
we should not be deluded by any apparent
strength, that we should not allow weakness to
be covered up under great numbers, whether of
vessels or of guns, nor allow ourselves to be per-
suaded, by articles adroitly inserted in m-wspa-
p<ns in various portions of the country, into the
belief that we are a great naval Power of the first
magnitude, till that illusion be dispelled by some
