1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HOWARD, and others. We will pass it
to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the special order for
to-morrow is in the way.
Mr. COLLAMER. This business is more im-
portant than that.
Mr. SHERMAN. With- the understanding
that I shaH have to-morrow for this bill, I have
no objection. ["Agreed."]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the call for the yeas
and nays be withdrawn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The call may
be withdrawn by unanimous consent.
The motion of Mr. Wilkinson was agreed to;
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 10, 1865.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, by unanimous
consent the reading of the Journal was dispensed
with.
APPOINTMENT OF A COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER announced as the select com-
mittee appointed under the resolution of the day
before yesterday to investigate charges against
the Patent Bureau, Messrs. Higby,Frank,Cra-
vens, Ancona, and Norton.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, one of their clerks, announcing that
they had passed a bill (S. No. 424) entitled "An
act to facilitate the collection of certain debts due
the United States;" in which they requested the
concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed the following
resolution:
Resolved, That a committee of one member of the Son-
ate he appointed by that body to join a committee of two
member* of the House of Representatives, to be appointed
by that House, to wait upon Abraham Lincoln,ot Illinois,
and to notify him that he lias been duly elected President
of the United States tor four years, commencing with the
4th day of March, 38S5; and also to noufy Andrew John-
son, of Tenncs-seo, that be has been duty elected Vice Pres-
ident of the United States for four years, cojnmuncing with
the 4th day of March, 1865.
And ordered. That Mr. Trumbull be the said committee
On the part of the Senate.
PRIVILEGES OF MEMBERS.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I desire to propound an
inquiry to the Chair touching the privileges of
certain members to the floor. I understand that
the House last evening passed a resolution order-
ing the arrest of certain members who were ab-
sent upon a call of the House. 1 am notable
myself to give to that resolution an interpretation
which satisfies me that those members who are
under arrest by virtue of that resolution have a
right to participate in the proceedings of the House
until they have purged themselves of contempt.
The question I desire to propound to the Chair
is, whether the members absent last night will be
permitted, under that resolution, to paiucipatein
the proceedings of the House to-day?
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows of nothing
that would prevent them from participating in the
proceedings of the House until one o'clock, or
as soon thereafter as possible—five minutes after
one—when they are to be presented at the bar by
the Sergeant-at-Arms.
BRIDGE OVER THE OHIO RIVER.
On motion of Mr. ARNOLD, by unanimous
consent, bill of the Senate No. 413, to establish a
bridge across the Ohio river at Cfncinnati, Ohio,
a post route, was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL CURRENCY,
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia, presented res-
olutions of the Legislature of West Virginia, ask-
ing an amendment of the act to provide a national
currency, approved June 4, 1864; which was re-
ferred to th« Committee of Ways and Means, and
osdered to be printed.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. COLE, of California, from the select com-
mittee on the Pacific railroad, to whom was re-
ferred the bill of the House (No. 593) granting
lands to aid in the construction of certain railroads
in the State of California, reported back the same;
which was recommitted to the committee, and
ordered to be printed.
CENSUS REPORT.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Whereas we are now in the year of our Lord 1865, and
It appears nowise likely that the remaining portions of the
repoit of the census of 1860 will be completed before the
next census is taken: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be directed to
con?>ider the expediency of a joint resolution ordering a dis-
continuance of all vvoikon the leport of the census of 1860,
aftet the volume now in the hands of the printer is com-
pleted.
Mr. ANCONA. I object.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, recommending an appro-
priation to pay indebtedness incurred on account
of Indian affairs in Arizona; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and or-
dered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior recommending that ap-
propriations made for the Chippewasof Lake Su-
perior under treaty stipulations be made special,
&c.; which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
REPORT OF THE COMMISSIONER OF PATENTS.
Mr. ORTII submitted the following resolution;
which was read, and referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That there bo printed thirty thousand copies of
the leport of the Commissioner of Patents, twenty thousand
for the member* ot the House of Representatives and ten
thousand for the Commissioner of Patents.
MILEAGE OF MEMBERS.
Mr. ANCONA, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Tllut tin: Committee on Mileage be directed to
inquire into the expediency of reducing the i ate of mileage
to ten cents per mile, with a view to equalizing the com-
pensation of members, and that they be dnectod to repoit
by bill or otherwise.
Mr. ANCONA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to leconsider on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. HALE, by unanimous con-
sent, leave was granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the papers in the case of
William G.Sheldon.
On motion of Mr. WINDOiM, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in the
ease of A.M. Clenny.
The SPEAKER announced as the regular order
of business the calling of committees for reports
of a private nature.
SAMUEL NORMS.
Mr. BOYD, from the Committee on Indiun Af-
fairs, reported a bill for the relief of Samuel Norns,
accompanied by a report in writing thereon; winch
bill was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
report, ordered to be printed.
ANNA MARIA AMAN.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported r.d-
versely upon the petition of Anna Maria Aman,
widow of Laurens Aman, a soldier who was
drowned while bathing, August G, 1862; and
moved that the committee be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
JACOB GATES.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported ad-
versely upon the petition of Jacob Gates, pray-
ing for a pension on account of wounds received
during the war with Great Britain, in 1813; and
moved that the committee be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be laid on tha
table.
The motion was agreed to,
HENRY L. MYEKS.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported adversely upon the petition
of Henry L. Myers for allowance of pension;
and moved that the committee be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be laid on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
MAEY F. B. LEYELY.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, also reported adversely upon the pe-
tition of Mary P. B. Levely, widow of Henry
Levely, captain of the private armed schooner
Nonsuch, praying for allowance of arrears of pen-
sion; and moved that the committee be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
D. H. PITCH, AND OTHERS.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, also reported adversely upon the pe-
titions of D. H. Pitch, D. W. Lunsford,and sun-
dry other soldiers of the war of 1812, praying for
the allowance of pensions; and moved that the
committee be discharged from their further con-
sideration, and that they be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ABItAM BRAdAW.
Mr. LAW, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions, reported adversely upon the peti-
tion of Abram Bragaw for a pension; and moved
that the committee be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
CHARITY HARROW.
Mr. HERRICK, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, reported adversely upon tha
petition of Charity Harrow, praying for an in-
crease of pension; and moved that the committee
be discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
SARAII P. MATIIEK.
Mr. NOBL€, from the Committee on Patents,
reported adversely upon the petition of Sarah P.
Mather; and moved that the committee be dis-
charged from its furtherconsideration,and thatit
be laid on the table.
The motion wua agreed to.
PIIEBE ANN FISK.
Mr. NOBLE, from the Committee on Patents,
also reported back Senate bill No. 112,being"An
act for the relief of the heirs of Almon D. Fisk,
deceased," with a recommendation that it pass.
The bill was read at length. It provides that
Phebe Ann Fisk,or the heirs of Almon D. Fisk,
deceased, who obtained a patent for a new and
useful improvement in coffins, dated November
14, 1848, for fourteen years, which has now ex-
pired, shall be authorized to apply, within thirty
days after the approval of this act, for an exten-
sion of said patent for seven years, which appli-
cation must be decided by the Commissioner of
Patents within ninety days after it shall have been
filed; provided that nothing in the act shall givo
authority to prosecute persons for damages for usa
of the patented article between the expiration of
the patent and the approval of this act.
Mr. NOBLE moved the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Noble] will not call
the previous question on a bill which taxes the
ashes of our dead soldiers.
Mr. NOBLE. I will withdraw the motion for
the previous question, and ask that the accompa-
nying report be read,
The report was read.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, Congress hav-
ing changed the policy of the country in relation
to the reissue of patents, the case ought to be a
very strong one wherever we are called upon to
give relief in these cases. Now I desire to ask
