728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Noble] if the fact
is not true that parties are now engaged all over
this country in the manufacture of this article,
and whetheranything in the bill protects the rights
of the persons thus manufacturing? Heretofore
it has been usual wh^n there has been a lapse of
patent, and parties have engaged in the manufac-
ture of patented articles, to give them a release
and protection against the prosecution of the
patentee.
Mr. NOBLE* I would answer the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] by saying that it
is not true that parties all over the country have
engaged in the manufacture of this improvement,
nor is it true that they or any of them thus engaged
object to the reissue of this patent. Neither is it
true that this case comes within the spirit of the
new rule in reference to the issuing of patents.
This patent was issued under the old law, and in
all such cases patents are even now suffered to be
extended under the patent law. This widow,
who has not been recompensed for the invention
of her husband, made application, as 1 have stated,
in due form of law; but, by reason of a mistake
made by the Commissioner of Patents, the ex-
tension was not granted. The Commissioner of
Patents to-day acknowledges that mistake. Any
lawyer who understands the facts must agree that
this woman is entitled by law to this extension.
Mr. MORItlLL. From the reading of the re-
port I understand the facts to be very different
from what they would appear by the statement
of the gentleman from Ohio. He says that this
patent was not reissued by reason of a mistake
of the Commissioner. I infer from the report that
it was not reissued in consequence of the fraud
of the applicantin claiming as the invention more
than could rightfully be claimed.
Mr. NOBLE. Mr. Speaker, in answer to that
allegation I will say that i do not so understand the
case. The original patent was reissued in 1860,
and that reissue embraced no more than was con-
tained in the original patent. But the Commis-
sioner, when the objection was made, did decide
that it embraced more; the objection was suffered
to prevail, to the detriment of the applicant for
the extension. These are the facts of the case.
The Commissioner is satisfied to-day that he made
an error, and so are all the members of the com-
mittee. The object of this bill is, not to give this
woman any more than justly belongs to her, but
to reinstate her legally in the possession of her
rights, of which she was deprived by a mistake
of the Commissioner.
Mr. Speaker, I move the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
the previous question will not be seconded. This
question is of more importance than some mem-
bers appear to think it.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order pend-
ing a demand for the previous question.
On seconding the previous question there were,
on a division—aj&es 48, noes 37; no quorum voting.
The Speaker, under the rule, ordered tellers;
and Mr. Noblk, and Mr. Wasiiburne of Illinois,
were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 59, noes 36.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the bill be laid on the table; and on that motion
I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 51, nays 86, not voting 45; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnold, AMib'y, Baxter,
Beaman, Boutwell, Boyd, Biandegre, William (J. Brown,
Ambrose W, (Jlaik, Fieeman Cl.uke. Colo, Dawes, Dom-
ing, Eekley, Farn«worth, Gaihcld, fligl y, Hooper, Jin I-
burd, ingersoll, Julian, Kclley, Knox, Longyear, Marvin,
McClurg, Morrill, Amo^ Myeis, Ch.ules O'Xeill, Oith,
Perham, Edward II. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Sehenek,
Scoficid, Shannon, Smithers, Spalding, Starr, Steven^
Upson, Wadswortli, Ehliti H. Wa<.hburne, Witham B
Washburn, Williams, Wilson, Windom, Woodbridge, and
Wortlnngton—51.
NAYS—Mcssjs. Jame* C. Allen, Ancona, Anderson,
Paily. Augustus U. Baldwin, Blair, Bliss,Blow, Bioomall,
James S.Brown, Chanler,Clay,Cobb,Coffroth, Cox, Cra-
vens, Thomas T. Davis, Dawson, Donnelly, Driggs, Du-
mont, Edgeiton, Eldridge, Eliot, English, Finek, Gansnn,
Grider, Gtiswold, Ilale, Hall, Harding, Charles M. Harris,
Herriek. Asahel W. Hubbard, John H.Hubbard, Jenckes,
Philip Johnson, William Johnson, KalbfleUch, Kanson,
Orlando Kellogg, King, Law, Lazear,Le Blond, Littlejohn,
Long, Mallory, McAllister, MeBride, McDowell, Mcin-
doe, MeKinney, Middleton, James R. Morns, Moritaon,
Leonard Myers, Nelson, Noble, Norton, Odell, John
O'Neill, Perry, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Radford, William H. Ran-
dall, Alexander II. Rice, John U. Rice, Rogers,Scott, John
B. Steele, William G. Sferie, Stiles, Stiouse, Thayer,
Thomas, Townsend, Van Valkenhurgh,Webster, Whaley,
Wheeler, Joseph W. White, Winfield, and Yeaman— 86.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Alien, Alley, John
D. Baldwin, Blaine, Brooks, Creswell, Henry Winter Da-
vis, Demson, Dixon, Eden, Frank. Gooch, Grinnell, Har-
rington, Benjamin G. Harris, Holman, Ilotchkiss, Hutch-
ins, Francis W. Kellogg, Kernan, Knapp, Loan, Maicy,
Samuel F. Miller, William II. Miller, Moorhead, Daniel
Morris, Patterson, Pendleton, Pike, Price, SamuelJ.Ran-
dall, Robinson, Ross, Sloan, Smith, Stuart, Sweat, Tracy,
Voorhecs, Ward, Chilton A. White, Wilder, Benjamin
Wood, and Fernando Wood—45.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
The question recurred on ordering the main
question to be put.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask per-
mission to make a statement in reference to this
matter.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of order.
I understand that the gentleman from Illinois is
in arrest for contempt of the House, and I insist
that he is not entitled to take part in our proceed-
ings.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided in
reference to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. J. C.
Allen] that the order of the House does not oper-
ate until the Sergeant-at-Arms, at five minutes
past one o'clock, presents the members in arrest
at the bar of the House. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washburne] answered on the sec-
ond call,and is notincluded in the order of arrest.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time,
and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. NOBLE demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
yeas and nays, and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. NOBLE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENSION LAWS.
Mr. WHALEY. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on Invalid Pensions a
bill supplementary to the several acts relating to
pensions, that it may be recommitted and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HALE. Tiiat is not a private bill; it is
a public bill, and is not in order to-day. 1 object.
MAJOR HENRY M'FARLAND,
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back House joint res-
olution No. 145, for the relief of Major Henry
McFarland.
The joint resolution provides that $1,000 be paid,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to Major Henry McFarland, that
being the amount expended by him as a reward
for the detection and conviction of a clerk who had
stolen a large amount of Government money.
The report states that Major McFarland, an
additional paymaster of the Army, on the evening
of August 4, 1863, had stolen from his room in
Washington city the sum of $40,000, (United
States Treasury notes,) which he had on that day
drawn from the Treasury for the payment of
United States troops; that Major McFarland was
under orders to go to the Army with this money
on the following morning; that the money was
necessarily drawn on that day, as he could not get
it in the morning in time for his departure, and
the regulations of the Treasury Department were
such that he was not allowed to deposit this money
after it was drawn; that this money was stolen by
the clei k of Major McFarland, in whose custody
he left this money for a short time while McFar-
land went to the post office, about half past eight
o'clock p. m.; that the money was in the pay-
master's safe; that immediately upon discovering
the theft McFarland offered a reward of $1,000
for the detection of the thief and recovery of the
money; and that, stimulated by this offer, the
Metropolitan police of Washington detected the
thief and recovered the money.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is one point to which
I wish to call the attention of the gentleman from
Illinois. I do not see any statement of the cir-
cumstances under which this clerk wasemployed.
What reason had McFarland to believe he waa
a man of integrity to whom could be intrusted
this money ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. These clerks are em-
ployed with the approval of the War Department.
The Clerk will read what I have marked.
The Clerk read, as follows:
The court of inquiry beforementioned reported that the
clerk [McCarterJ " had a proper reputation at the time his
services were engaged by Major McFarland,'* and that all
due precautions were observed in selecting him; also " that
it is a custom of the service, and is necessary for paymasters
to imru&t their clerks at times with the custody of safes
wherein moneys are contained.'5
War Department,
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, September 18, 1863.
Sir : I am directed by the Secretary of War to say that
the couit of inquiry in your case has exonerated you from
any blame for the loss or the money stolen by your clerk.
*******
By direction of the Secretary you will report for duty to
the Paymaster General of the Army.
E. D. TOWNSEND,
Assistant •Adjutant General.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. The
clerk was tried by court-martial, and convicted
and sentenced to Albany penitentiary. He had
been previously employed by the Department,
and McFarland had a right to suppose that he was
an honest man. The money was recovered. And
I am informed that Colonel Baker also offered a
reward of $1,000. Major McFarland paid this
money, which it is proposed to refund to him.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. GANSON. I wish to inquire whether
these detectives in the employ of the Government
were paid for their services at the same time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir; it was the
Metropolitan police that received the reward.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. The
money was paid over to the parties who detected
the scoundrels.
The question being on seconding the demand
for the previous question,
Mr. ANCONA demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Rollins of
New Hampshire and Ancona were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes sixty-eight; noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded. The
main question was ordered to be put, and under
the operation thereof the resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered fo be put.
The question recurring on the passage of the
resolution,
Mr. J. C. ALLEN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. J. C. Allen and
Mr. Faiinswortii were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 49, noes 49.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the affirm-
ative, and the resolution is passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved that the vote by
which the resolution was passed be reconsidered;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 431) for
the relief of Solomon Wadswortli; and a resolu-
tion (H.R. No. 106) providing for the compilation
of a Congressional Directory at each session of
Congress; when the Speaker signed the same.
PROCEEDINGS UNDER THE CALL.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, the Sergeant-at-Arms will execute the
order of the House of last evening. The Cierk
will report the resolution under which the House
is now about to act.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to bring
the members now absent without leave before the bar of
the HoUv>e at one o'clock to-nionow, Friday, February 10,
18G5, or as soon thereafter as possible, and rhat they be re-
quned to ?>how cause why they shall not be deelated in
contempt of the House, and abide the order of the House.
