1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
729
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privilege.
It is to make areportfrom the Committee of Elec-
tions.
The SPEAKER. The House is acting upon
a question of privilege at the present time.
Mr. DAWES, i ask the consent of the House
to make a report to be laid on the table and
printed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
THE PEACE CONFERENCE.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Nicolay,
his Private Secretary.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the pending business be postponed
until the message of the President is presented to
the House?
Mr. GARFIELD. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Would it
not be in order to move to postpone this privi-
leged question?
TheSPEAKER. It would; and then amotion
to go to the Speaker's table would be in order,
when the President's message would be first
reached.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to postpone the priv-
ileged question before the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the House
proceed to the business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The first business taken from the Speaker's
table was a message from the President of the
United States, which was read, as follows:
To the honorable the House of Representatives:
In response to your resolution of the 8th instant, request-
ing information in relation to a conference recently held
in Hampton Roads, I have the honor to state that on the
day of that date I gave Francis P. Biair, sr., a card writ-
ten as follow5!:
Allow the bearer, F. P. Blair, sr., to pas? our lines, go
South, ami return. A.LINCOLN.
December 28, 1864.
That at the time I was informed that Mr. Blair sought
the caul as a means of getting to Richmond, Virginia, but
he was given no authority to act or speak for the Govern-
ment; nor was I informed of anything he would say or
do on his own accountor otherwise. Afterward Mr. Blair
told me that he had been to Richmond, and had seen Mr.
Jefferson Davis; and he (Mr. 13.) at the same time left
with me a manuscript letter, as follows,:
Richmond, Virginia, January 19, 1865.
Sir : I have doomed it proper, and probably desirable to
you, to give you, in this form, the substance of remarks
made by me to be repeated by you to President Lincoln, &c.
I have no disposition to find obstacles in forms, and am
willing, now as heretofore, to enter into negotiations for
the lestoration of peace; am ready to send a commission
whenever I have ledson to suppose it will be received, or
to receive a commission if the United States Government
shall choose to send one.
That notwithstanding the rejection of our former offers,
I would, if you could promise that a commissioner, minis-
ter, or other agent would be received, appoint one imme-
diately, and renew the effort to enter into conference, with
a view to secure peace to the two countries.
Youis, &c., JEFFERSON DAVIS.
F. P. Blair, Esq.
Afterwaid, and with the view that it should be shown
to Mi. Davis, I wrote and delivered to Mr. Blair a letter
as follows:
Washington, January 18,1805.
Sir: You having shown me Mr. Davis's letter to you of
the lJtli instant, you may say to him that I have constantly
been, am now, and shall continue, ready to receive any
agent whom he' or any other iniluential person now resist-
ing the national authority may informally send me, with
the view of securing pcace to the people of our one com-
mon country.
Yours &c., A. LINCOLN.
F. P. Blur, Esq.
Artetward Mr. Blair dictated for and authorized me to
make an entry on the back of my retained copy of the let-
tei last above received, which entry is as follows:
[Indorsement.]
January 28, 1865.
To-day Mr. Blair tells me that on the 2M instant he de-
livered to Mr. Davis the original of which the within is a
copy, and left if with him ; that at the time of delivering it,
Mr. Davi-s read it over twice in Mr. Dlait's presence, at the
close of which he (Mr. Blair) romaiked that the part about
" our one common countiy" related to the pait of Mr. D.'s
letter about " the two countries," to which Mr. D. lephed
that he so understood it. A. LINCOLN.
Afterward the Secietary of War placed in my hands the
following telegram, indorsed by him, as appears:
[Ciphei.]
Office United States Military Telegraph,
War Department.
The following telegram received at Washington, January
29, I860, from headquarters army of James, 6.3U p. m., Jan-
uary t29, 1865:
To lion. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War:
The following di>patchjust received fiom Major General
Parke, who refers it to me for my action. I refer it to you
in Lieutenant General Grant's absence.
E. O. 0. ORB,
Major General Commanding.
Headquarters Army of Potomac,
4 p. m., January 29, 1865.
Major General E. O. C. Ord, Headquarter Jinny of James:
The following dispatch is forwarded to you for your ac-
tion. Since I have had no knowledge of'General Grant's
having had any understanding of this kind, I refer the mat-
ter to you as the ranking officer at present in the two armies.
JOHN G. PARKE,
Major General Commanding.
Headquarters Ninth Army Corps, January 29.
Major General John G. Parke,
Headquarters %/lrmy of the Potomac:
Alexender H. Stephens, R. M. T. Iluntei, and J. A.
Campbell desiie to cros<? my lines in accordance with an
understanding claimed to exist with Lieutenant General
Grant, on their way to Washington as peace commission-
ers. Shall they be admitted? They desire an early an-
swer to come through immediately. Would like to leach
City Point to-mght, if they can. If they cannot do that,
they would like to come through at 10 a. 111. to-morrow
morning. O. B. WfLSON,
Major General Commanding Ninth Corps.
Respectfully referred to the President for sucli instruc-
tions as he may be pleased to give.
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
[8.30 p. m., January 29, 1865.]
It appears that about the time of placing the foregoing
telegram in my hands, the Secretary of War dispatched
General Ord as follows:
War Department,
Washington City, January 29, 1863, 10 p. m.
Major General Ord :
This Department has no knowledge of any understand-
ing by General Grant to allow any peison to come within
his lines as commissioner of any sort. You will there-
fore allow no one to come into your lines under such char-
acter or professions until you receive the President's in-
structions, to whom your telegram will be submitted for
his directions. EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
[Sent in cipher at 2 a. m., 30th.]
Afterward, by my directions, the Secretary of War tel-
egraphed General Ord as follows :
War Departmfnt,
Washington, D. C., 10 a. m., January 30, 1865.
Major General E. O. C. Ord, Headquarters Jlrmy James:
By direction of the President you are instructed to in-
form the three gentlemen, Messrs. Stephens, Hunter, and
Campbell, that a messenger will be dispatched to them at
or near where they now are without unnecessary delay.
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Afterward I prepared and put into the hands of Major
Thomas T. Eckcrt, the following instructions and message :
F.arpi'tivf Mansion,
Washington, January 30, 1865.
Sir: You will proceed with the documents placed in
your hands, and on reaching General Ord, will deliver him
the letter addressed to him by the Secretary of War, then
by General Oid'.s assistance procure" an interview with
Messrs. Stephen*, Hunter, and Campbell, or any of them,
deliver to him or them tiie paper on which yom own letter
is wntfen, note on the copy which you retain the time ot
delivery and to whom delivered; receive their answer in
writing, waiting a reasonable time for it, and which, if it
contain theirdeeision to come through withoutfurtliercon-
dition, will be yourwairanttoask General Ord to pass them
through as directed in the letter of the Secretary of War to
him. If, by then answer, they decline to come, or piopo^e
other terms, do not have them passed through. And this
being your whole duty, return and report to me.
Youis truly, A. LINCOLN.
Major T. T. Eckert.
Gentlemen* I am instructed by the President of the
United States to place this paper in your hands, with the
information that if you pa<s through the United States mil-
itary lines it will be understood that you do <~o for the pur-
pose of an informal conference on the basis of that letter,
a copy of which is on the reverse side of this sheet, and
that if you choose to pass 011 under such undemanding,
and so notify me in writing, I will procure the command-
ing general to pass you through the lines and to Fortress
Monroe, undei such military precautions as he may deem
piudent, and at which place jou will be met in due time
by some person 01 peisons, for the purpose of such infor-
mal conference; and turthei, that you shall have protection,
conduct, and safe return, m all events.
THOMAS T. ECKERT.
Major and A. D. C.
Messrs. Alexander II. Stephens, J. A. Campbell, and
R. M.T. Hunter.
City Point, Virginia, February 1, 1865.
Washington, January 18, 1865.
Sir: You having shown me Mr. Davis's letter to you of
the 12th instant, you may say to lum that I have cou-tantly
been, am now, and shall continue, ready to reeeive any
agent whom he or any other influential person now resist-
ing the national authority may informally send to me with
the view of securing peace to the people of our one com-
mon country.
Yours, &e., A. LINCOLN.
F. P. Blair, Esq.
Afterward, but before Major Eckert had departed,.the
following dispatch was received from General Grant:
[Cipher.]
Office United States Military Telegraph,
War Department.
The following telegram, received at Washington, Jan-
uary 31, I860, from City Point, Virginia, 10.30 a. m., Jan-
uary, 1865:
His Excellency Abraham Lincoln,
President of the United States: 9
The following communication was received here yester-
day:
Petersburg. Virginia, January 30, 1865.
Sir: We desire to pass your lines under safe conduct,
and to proceed to Washington, to hold a conference with
President Lincoln upon the subject of the existing war,
and with a view of ascertaining upon what terms it may
be terminated, in pursuance of tiie course indicated by him
in his letter to Mr Blair of January 18, 1865, of which we
presume you have a copy; and if not, we wish to see you
in person, if convenient, and to confer with you on the
subject.
Very respectfully yours,
ALEX. H. STEPHENS,
J. A. CAMPBELL,
R. M. T. HUNTER.
Lieutenant General U. S. Grant,
Commanding Armies United States.
1 have sent directions to receive these gentlemen, and
expect to have them at my headquarters this evening, await-
ing your instructions. U. S. GRANT,
Lieut. Gen. Commanding Armies United States.
This, it will be perceived, transferred General Ord's
agency in the matter to General Grant- I resolved, how-
ever, to send Major Eckert forward with his message,
and accordingly telegraphed General Grant as follows:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, January 31,1865.
Major General Grant, City Point, Virginia:
A messenger Is coming to you on the business contained
in your dispatch. Detain the gentlemen in comfortable
quarters until he arrives, and then act upon the message he
bungs as far as applicable, it having been made up to pass
through General Oid's hands, and when the gentlemen
were supposed to be beyond our lines. A. LINCOLN.
(Sent in cipher at 1.30 p. m.]
When Major Eckert departed, he bore with him a letter
of the Secretary of War to General Grant, as follows :
War Department,
Washington, D. C., January 30, 1865.
General : The President desires that you will please pro-
euro for the beaier, MajorThomas T. Eckert, an interview
with Messrs. Stephens, Hunter, and Campbell, and if, on his
return to you, he requests it, pass them through our lines
to Fortress Monroe, by such route and under such military
precautions as you may deem prudent, giving them protec-
tion and comfortable quarters while there, and that you let
none of this have any effect upon your movements or plans.
By order of the President:
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Lieutenant General Grant, Commanding, #c.
Supposing the proper point to be then reached, I dis-
patched the Secretary of State with the following instruc-
tions, Major Eckert, however, going ahead of him :
Executive Mansion,
Washington, January 31, 1865.
Hon. William H. Seward, Secretary of Slate:
You will proceed to Fortress Monroe, Virginia, there to
meet and informally confer with Messrs. Stephens, Hun-
ter, and Campbell, on the basis of my letter to F. P. Clair,
Esq., of January 18,1865, a copy of which you have. You
will make known to them that three things are indispen-
sable, to wit:
1. The restoration of the national authority throughout
all the States.
2. No receding by the Executive of the United States on
the slavery question from the position assumed thereon in
the late annual message to Congress, and in preceding doc-
uments.
3. No cessation of hostilities shoit of an end of the war
and the disbanding of all the forces hostile to the Govern-
ment.
You will inform them that all propositions of theirs not
inconsistent with the above will be considered and passed
upon in a spirit of sincere liberality. You will hear all
they may choose to say, and report u to me. You will not
assume to definitely consummate anything.
Yours, See. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
On the day of its date the following telegram was sent
to General Grant:
War Department,
Washington, D. U., February 1, 1865.
Lieutenant Geneial Grant, City Point, Virginia:
Let nothing which is transpiring change, hinder, or de-
lay your military movements or plan.-?.
A.LINCOLN.
[Sent in cipher at 9.30 a. m.]
Afterwaul the following was received from General
Grant.
[In cipher.]
OrriCE United States Military Telegraph,
War Department.
The following telegram received at Washington 2.30
February 1, 1865, from City Point, Virginia, February I,
12.30 p. in.:
His Exccllency A. Lincoln, President of the United States:
Youi dispatch leceived. There will be no armistice in
consequcnco of the presence of Mr. Stephens and others
