730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
within our lines. The troops are kept in readiness to move
at the shortest notice, if occasion should justify it.
U. S. GRANT,
Lieutenant General.
To notify Major Eckert that the Secretaiy of State would
be at Fortress Monroe, and to put them in communica-
tion, the following dispatch was sent:
War Department,
Washington, D. c., February 1, 1865.
MajorT. T. Eckert, care General Grant,
'* City Point, Virginia:
Call at Fortress Monroe, and put yourself under the di-
rection of Mr. S., whom you wiJi find there.
A. LINCOLN.
On the morning of the 2d instant the following telegrams
were received by me, respectively from the Secretary of
State and Major Eckert:
Fortress Monroe, Virginia,
11.DO p. m. February 3,1864.
The President of the United States:
Arrived at 10 UUs evening. Richmond party not here. 1
remain here. - WILLIAM II. SEWAItD.
City Point, Virginia, 10 p. m., February 1,1865.
His Excellency A. Lincoln, President United States:
I have the honor to report the delivery of your commu-
nication and my letter at 4.15 this afternoon, to which I
received a icply at 6 p. rn., but not satisfactory.
Ai8p. m. the"following note, addressed to General Grant,
was received:
City Point, Virginia, February 1,1865.
Sir: Wc desire to go to Washington city to confer in-
formally with the President personally in reference to the
matters mentioned in his letter to Mr. Blair of the I8ih
January ultimo, without any personal compromise on any
question in the letter. We have the permission to do so
from the authorities at Richmond.
Very respectfully, yours,
ALEX. II. STEPHENS,
R. M. T. HUNTER,
J. A. CAMPBELL.
To Lieutenant General Grant.
At 9.30 p. in. I notified them that they could not proceed
further unlets they complied with the terms expressed in
my letter. The point of meeting designated In above note
would not, in my opinion, he insisted upon. Think For-
tress Monroe would be acceptable. Having complied with
my instructions, I will retuin to Washington to-morrow,
unless otherwise ordered
T1IOS. T. ECKEIIT, Major, fre.
On leading tin* dispatch of Major Eelcert, I was about
to recall him and the Secretary of State when the following
telegram of General Grant to the Secretary of War was
shown me:
[In cipher.]
Office United States Military Telegraph,
War Dlpartment.
The following telegram received at Washington 4.H5 a.
m., February £, 18G5, lromCity Point, Virginia. February
1,1865:
Hdh, Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of JVar:
Now that the inteiview between Majoi Eckert, underbid
written instructions, and Mr Stephens, and party has ended,
I will state confidentially, but not officially, to become a
matter of record, that [ am convinced, upon convocation
with Messrs, Stephens and llunter, that their intentions
are good and their desire sincere to restore peace and union.
I have not felt myself at liberty to express even views of
my own or to account for my retioeney. Tins hav placed
me in an awkwuid portion, winch I could have a\oided
liy not seeing them m the fiist instance, 1 leai now their
going back without any expiession fioni anyone in author-
ity will have a bad influence. At the same time, i iccog-
ruze the difficulties m tin' way of receiving these informal
commissioners at this time, and do not know what to rec-
ommend. lam s' ny, however, that .Mr. Lincoln cannot
have an inteiview with the two named in this dispatch, if
not ail three now within our lines*. Then letrei to me was
nil that the Pre-idem's instructions contemplated to sreuie
their safe conduct if they had used the same language to
Major Eckeit, U. S. GRANT,
Lieutenant Geneial.
This dispatch of General Grant changed mv purpose,
and, aceoidtngly, I telegraphed ium and the Secretary of
State respectively, as follows:
War Department,
Washington, D. C., FebmaiyS, 1865.
Lieutenant General Grant, City Point, Virginia:
Say to the gentlemen 1 will meet them personally at
Fortress Monroe, as soon as 1 can get there.
A. LINCOLN,
[Sent in cipher at 9 a. m.]
War Department,
Washington, 1). C., February 18G5.
Hon. William II. Seward, Fortress Monroe, Virginia:
Induced by a dispatch from General Grant, I join you at
Fortress Monroe as soon as I can come.
A, LINCOLN.
[Sent m cipher at D a. m.]
Before starting, the following dispatch was thown me.
I proceeded ueveuheJess:
[Cipher.]
Office United Stues Military Telegraph,
War Department.
The following telegram, received at Washington, Feb-
ruary 2,1865, from City Point, Virginia, 9 a. m.  February
2,1865:
Hon. William II. Seward,
Secretary of State, Fortress Monroe :
[Copy to Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secrctaiy of War, Wash-
ington.]
The gentlemen have accepted the proposed terms, and
will leave for Fortress Monioe at 9 30 a. m.
U. S. GRANT,
Lieutenant General.
On the night of the 2d I reached Hampton Roads, found
the Secretary of State and Major Eckert on a steamer
anchored off the shore, and learned that the Richmond gen-
tlemen were on another steamer anchored off shore, in the
Roads, and that the Secretary of State had not yet seen or
communicated with them. I ascertained that Major Eckert
had literally complied with his instiuctions, and I paw, for
the first time, the answer of the Richmond gentlemen to
him. which, in his dispatch to me of tiie 1st, he chaiaoter-
izes'as "not satisfactory." That answer is as follows:
City Point, Virginia, February 1, 1865.
Major: Your note, delivered by yourself this day, lias
been considered. In reply, wo have to say that we were
furnished with a copy of a letter of Piesident Lincoln to
Francis P. Clair, Esq., of the 18th of January ultimo,
anothei copy of which is appended to your note. Our in-
structions are contained in a letter of which the following
is a copy:
^Richmond, January 28,1865.
In conformity with the letter of Mr. Lincoln, of which
the foregoing is a copy, you me to proceed to Washington
city foi informal conlerence with him upon the issues in-
volved in the existing war, and for the purpose of securing
peace to the twocountiics.
With great respect, your obedient, servant,
JEFFERSON DAVIS.
The substantial object to be obtained by the informal
conference is to ascertain upon wiiat terms the existing
war can be terminated honorably.
Our instructions contemplate a personal interview be-
tween PreMdent Lincoln and ourselves at Washington city,
but, with explanation, we aie ready to meet any peiyon or
peisons that i'lesident Lincoln may appoint, at such place
as he may designate. Our eaiitesHle-ne is that a just and
honorable peace maybe ngtued upon,and we aie prep.ned
to teceive or submit propositions which may, possibly, lead
to the attainment of that end.
Veiy respectfully, yorns,
ALF.X. II STEPHENS,
K. M. T. HUNTER,
JNO. A. CAMP 11 ELL.
Thomas T. Eokert, Major ami Jl. D. C.
A note of these gentlemen, subsequently addre.cc,ed to
Geneial Grant, has already been given in Majoi Eekeit's
dispatch ot the 1st instant.
I al-o heie saw, for the fir-t time, the following note, ad-
dies&cd by the Richmond gentlemen to Major Eckert:
Crry Point, Virginia, Fehuary -J, 1865.
Major : In reply to your statement that your instructions
did not allow j on to alter the condition-; upon which a pa<s-
poit could be given to ti--, we say that we aie willmgto pro-
ceed to Forties* Monroe and theie to have an informal eon-
feience with any pet-on or persons that President Lincoln
may appoint on the basis of his letter to Fianeis P. Blair,
of the 18th of January ultimo, or upon anv other terms or
conditions that he m:>y hereatter propose, not inconsistent
with the principles ot self-government and popular rights,
on which our institutions are founded.
It is oui earnest wi--h to ascettam, after a free inter-
change of ideas and information, upon what principles and
term-, it' any, u just and honorable peace can be established
without the further etfuMon of blood, and to eontnbute our
utmost efforts to aecoinpli>h «uch a result.
We think it hettei to <ul<] that in accepting your passport
we aie not to hi* underwood as committing ouiselvos to
anything, but to eai ry to this mtormal conference the views
and feelings above mentioned.
Veiy re&peeu'ull) , >ours, &i\,
ALEXANDER II. STEPHENS,
,i. A. CAMP15KLL,
It. M. T IH'NTElt.
Thomas T. Eckert, Major and A. D. C.
Note.—The above communication was delivered to me
at Forties*. Monroe at 4 3D p. m., Febiuaiy 2, by Lieuten-
ant Colonel liabcock,of General Giant's staff.
THOMAS T. ECKERT,
Major and j1. D. C.
On the morning of the 3d the gentlemen, Messrs. Ste-
phens, Hunter, and Campbell, came aboard our steamer,
and had an inteiview with the Secretaiy of State and my-
self of several horns' duration. No question of prelimina-
ries to the meeting was then ami there made or mentioned ;
no other person was piesent; no papers were exchanged
or pioducod, and it was, m advance, agreed that the con-
versation was to be informal and verbal merely.
On our part the whole substance of the instructions to
the Secietary of State, hereinbefore recited, stated and
insisted upon, and nothing was said inconsistently there-
with ; while by the other party it was not said that, in any
event, oi on any condition, they ever would consent to re-
union, and yet they equally omitted to declare that they never
would so consent. Tliej seemed to desire a postponement
of that question, and the adoption of some other course
first, which, as some of them seemed to argue, tniglu or
might not lead to reunion, but which course we thought
would amount to an indefinite postponement. The tore-
gnmsr, containing, as is believed, all the information sought,
is lespectfully submitted,
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
The message was kid on the table, and oidered
to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, In view of
the last clause of that message, I move that twenty
thousand extra copies be printed. I desire to say
here that I think this message will meet the cor-
dial approbation of the entire loyal people of this
country, and shows wisdom and discretion in the
President of the United States in acting upon this
whole matter.
Mr. BROOKS. But for the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,] I do not
know that I should have felt it my duty just now
to express any opinion upon these documents,
for it is difficult to comprehend them as they are
rapidly read here; but I rise to say, as I understand
them, I do not think the President will meet the
cordial approbation of all the loyal people of these
United States. From the documents that are sub-
mitted by the Presidentof the United States, and
also the report which comes to us from the rebel
chief and his commissioners, these two facts seem
to be evident: first, that the President of the Uni-
ted States will consent to no armistice whatsoever
between us and the rebel States without the pre-
vious absolute submission on the part of those
rebelStates; and next, that thePresidentwillenter
into no consultation whatsoever with any single
State of those rebel States. The President of the
United States is silent upon that last particular
subject; but it is positively affirmed, both in the
remarks of the chief of the rebel States and his
commissioners, that our President would not treat
with any one of the rebel States. The President
is silent upon the subject, while Mr. Davis says:
111 herewith submit, for the infoi mation of congress, the
report of the eminent citizens above named, showing that
the enemy icfused to enter into negotiations with the con-
fedeinte States, oi any of them separately, ot to give to our
people anv other terms or guarantees than those which the
conqueror may grant, or permit us to have peace upon any
other basis than an unconditional submission to their rule,
coupled with the acceptance of theli leeentlegislation,in-
cluding an amendment to the Constitution for the emanci-
pation of all negro slaves, and with the right on the part of
the Federal Congress to legislate on the subject of the le-
lations between the white and black population of each
State."
The three rebel commissioners and the rebel
president thus positively affirm in their official
report that the President of the United States
would neither consult nor act without previous
submission, nor agree to an armistice with any
single State of that rebel government any more
than with the lebel government itself.
Mr. Speaker, 1 am reluctant to sny, butnever-
theless 1 feel it my duty to say, that m a great
civil war like this, where so much blood has been
shed and so much treasure expended, the Pres-
ident of the United States, without all these pre-
liminary conferences and arrangements but calcu-
lated to embarrass any negotiations whatsoever,
should, m the spirit of a larger and nobler mind,
have thrust away all these petty intricacies and
approached the gi eat subject under consideialion.
And yet I should be unjust to him if I did not say
that under the embarrassments surrounding hun
he deserves the thanks of the country for even
approaching these commissioners,and for making
any effort whatsoever for the attainment of peace.
I am aware, Mr. Speaker, of the difficulties that
already beset any civil power in any effort to make
a peace; and I sometimes fear that even now we
have reached a period m our history like that
which has existed m other nations heretofore en-
gaged in great civil wars, when no legislative or
civil power can end a war like this, and when
peace is to be obtained by military chieftains only,
not altogether on the field of battle, but by tiie
control and subjection of the people in their re-
spective districts to their arms and their wills.
The spirit of peace exists; but there is no civilian
or statesman great enough to lead or guide it.
Thousands and tens of thousands of all parties,
North and South, would welcome it on any hon-
orable terms; but no man in power, North or
South, dare take bold steps to forwaid it. The
armies, too, North and South, are panting for it,
as was shown when, amid the loudest cheers, the
rebel commissioners departed from the rebel ranks,
and with reechoing cheers were welcomed into
outs. Soldiers even nowcouid and would make
honorable peace; butin the storm of passions ex-
cited by men m civil life, peace, I fear, is pass-
ing beyond the control of civil chiefs.
When the President of the United States left
this capital, the fanaticism and the fanatics his
policy has here created opened at once in full
howl upon him. In view of the demonstrations
which have been made in another branch of this
