1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7&1
Government, to which it would not be parlia-
mentary to refer, it required some courage on his
part to take any steps whatsoever for the pacifi-
cation of our country. If he had had the spirit
of a Jackson, or the spirit of a Clay, the higher,
the nobler, the more self-relying spirit of the men
who, in crises like these, have hitherto controlled
the destinies of this country, he would have al-
lowed no men, noteven Senators, thus booted and
spurred, to mount and rowel him, or he would
have unhorsed them and thrown them into that
ditch where they ought to have been thrown when
they attempted to thwart all pacification.
But the President deserves credit and thanks
for resisting, even for a moment, the denuncia-
tions hurled forth against him when entering into
consultation with the rebels on board of the steam-
ers in the Chesapeake, near Fortress Monroe. 1
thank him for the effort, no matter what motives
may have prompted it. It is what I asked and
desired of him in December last, but what was
met in some quarters on the other side of the
House in a spirit highly condemnatory of the
course I suggested. I should be inconsistent,
then, with myself, and unjust to him, if 1 did not
avail myself of this opportunity to thank him,
amid the denunciations by which he was sur-
rounded, for entering into any preliminary nego-
tiations whatsoever with these rebel commission-
ers. But I deeply regret to say that when the
President approached these commissioners in con-
sultation, he did not carry out the spirit with
which he seemed to start, and then act on his own
responsibility, that is, on rebel submission to the
Constitution of the country, the Constitution
which was handed down to us by our fathers,
ask no other terms whatsoever, and add that
on these terms alone he would enter into prelim-
inary arrangements for peace. It seems to me,
also, that when the opportunity was offered to
him to negotiate with anyone of the rebel States
he should have cheerfully availed himself of that
opportunity.
Mr. Speaker, there arises a period in the his-
tory of civil wars when power passes from the
civil to the military authorities alone. Sir, that
period is passing, nay, may have already passed,
when either an Abraham Lincoln or a Jefferson
Davis, if both were never so much disposed,
could hush the storm they have raised. Certain
it is that while Abraham Lincoln is driven, as often
he is, from positions he takes, by the howl of the
liounds that beset him, th^ fate of Actseon in the
fable affiights him, lest he be devoured by them;
and hence, from the Potomac to the Passama-
quoddy, he strives in vain to still the elements of
passion and of pelf that there everywhere reign;
while not less powerless is Jefferson Davis to put
down the specter of rebellion he has conjured
up from the Rio Grande to the Rapidan. Sir,
neither of those men, high in position as they are,
was cradled in the conciliatory school of a Wash-
ington, an Adams, a Jefferson, or a Hamilton;
and into neither of them at their birth did God
breathe the great spirit that could lift them above
human passion to comprehend the awful respon-
sibility of their influence over human life and hu-
man affairs. Both are but drifting, and drifting
now, as if on the white crests of ocean billows,
while both dread to steer their craft to any port
or harbor for fear of the mutiny they may have
on board when the surges cease to roll and to
terrify their crews. Sir, when such a crisis.arises
in the history of civil wars, peace passes notonly
from the jurisdiction of Presidents but from Fed-
eral and rebel Congresses also. Peace passes then
from all civil jurisdiction, and all the terms of
peace. When the sword is unsheathed too long
the toga and the robe can never drive it back to its
scabbard. Is not peace already admitted to be
only with the sword, or the men of the sword ?
Are Congressmen anything? Are not armies
everything? And in the end, in all probability,
if this war is prolonged many years more, that
power which dictated peace to the senate and peo-
ple of Rome, to the commonwealth of England,
and to the republic of France, some Augustus
Caesar,- some Genera! Monk, or some rising Bo-
naparte will dictate peace to all of us—the peace
of despotism and of civil death upon the rums
of the Constitution of our country. This is the
peace of civil wars. This is the peace of history.
This is the record of two thousand years. And
may God avert that unhappy destiny from us
which I fear having been given to all other nations,
is at last reserved to our unhappy country.
The President, so it seems to me, Mr. Speaker,
threw away about the last opportunity he will
have to make peace when he refused , as stated by
the rebel commissioners, to entertain " terms or
proposals of any treaty or agreement looking to
an ultimate settlement either with the authorities
of the confederate States or from the States sep-
arately." The refusal in any form to recognize
the government of the confederate States—al-
though a government defacto, yet not a govern-
ment de jure—because not a government recog-
nized by our Constitution, can be understood;
but the refusal to recognize the well-known de
jure as well as de facto governments of the States
of the South seems to*me as unwise and as im-
politic as it is indefensible, under our mixed Gov-
ernments, Federal and State. There are elements
of peace in Georgia, in Alabama, in North Caro-
lina, and if the executives of those States, or if
those States were separately consulted and ne-
gotiated with, peace, in all probability, could be
given to the land without further arbitrament of
the sword and cannon on the field of battle. North
Carolina is ready for peace if she could be pre-
served from the rebel army. Georgia (and Ste-
phens represents the feelings ofGeorgiain agreat
degree) is in a condition to make peace if her in-
stitutions, her State rights and sovereignty, can be
preserved. Indeed, Mr. Stephens says, in aletter
that has been read here, to Major Eckert, that
he desires peace "upon any terms or conditions
that he," the President, Mr. Lincoln, "may here-
after propose,not inconsistent with the principles
of self-government and popular rights.on which
our institutions are founded." Give to Georgia,
then, the guarantee of self-governmentand of pop-
ular rights within the State, and peace doubtless
may be restored to this Union by a separate ne-
gotiation with the State. Tlieie are, too, elements
of peace in Alabama. 1 regret that the President
lias thus closed the door of peace and opened the
doors of everlasting war by declining any consul-
tation with the separate States of North Carolina,
Georgia, or Alabama. There is no other hope ot
peace now left. Even if Davis himself were to
attempt peace in the rebel capitol I have but little
doubt that civil war would ensue within his do-
main from resistance to it of wild men there. And
if Abraham Lincoln were to restore peace here
only on condition of the restoration of the Union,
I think 1 can name five or six northern States
that would be soon involved, if not in physical
rebellion against the government of Abraham
Lincoln 
Mr. ASHLEY. Name one of them now.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the State of Ohio submit
to peace on condition of having the Union as it
was ?
Mr. ASHLEY. Not by my vote.
Mr. BROOKS. I have an answer from the
honorable gentleman from Ohio, that his State
will not submit to pea'ce on the restoration of the
Union as it was. Let me ask him now what would
Ohio do on condition that Abraham Lincoln nego-
tiated a treaty of peace on the restoiation of the
Union as it was?
Mr. ASHLEY. If the constituted authorities
of the country would sustain the President the
State of Ohio would submit.
Mr. BROOKS. Then the gentleman contra-
dicts himself.
Mr. ASHLEY. No, sir.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman from Ohio will
not submit to a restoration of the Union as it
was.
Mr. ASHLEY. While Ohio is speaking her-
self for her own citizens, her voice would be,
as mine shall be, against a restoration of the
Union with the domination of the slave power
and with the rebels back in this Capitol.
Mr. BROOKS. It is in the power of the Pres-
ident of the United States alone to negotiate a
treaty of peace. This is not like a foreign war
in which it is necessary to submit a treaty of
peace to the Senate of the United States for rati-
fication; but in this matter of a negotiation for
peace the supreme power is in the President of
the United States. 1 desire, therefore, to ask an
explicit reply to this question from the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Ashley.] Suppose Abraham
Lincoln, the constituted authority of this country,
I should make peace to-morrow with the rebel
authorities, and bring them back to this Capitol,
upon the basis of the Union as it was, would Ohio
subm^f then to Abraham Lincoln?
Mr. ASHLEY. What does the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] mean by "the
restoration of the Union as it was?"
Mr. BROOKS. I mean the right of self-gov-
ernment within the States.
Mr. ASHLEY. Nobody denies that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] mean the Union of
the States as it was on the basis of the forgiveness
of rebels, and the return to them of the slaves who
have been fighting the battles of the Union?
Mr. BROOKS. The President of the United
States has absolute power of pardoning these reb-
els, and if he chose to pardon them and exercise
that power, I have not a reply that I can quite
understand from the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Ashley,] whether he would submit or not to the
exercise of that prerogative by the President of
the United States.
But as the gentleman does not choose explicitly
to feply to my question, what I want to know
from him, and what the country hereafter will
want to know, is whether this war is expressly
to be prosecuted on the basis of a new Constitu-
tion, new institutions, new Government, new laws,
and a new country. I tell him here that if he
realizes his project of giving free suffrage, univer-
sal, uncontrollable suffrage to the negroes of the
South, who shall displace the white man's Gov-
ernment within that region, and bring up only
the negroes of the South, to be represented here
in this Congress; if that is his new Constitution,
I desire no longer to prosecute war for any such
purposes as that.
Mr. ASHLEY. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] is very well aware
of the fact that the question of the right of suf-
frage is confined exclusively to the States of this
Union. If they choose, as the State of New York
and other northern States have done, to permit
blacks to vote, as many southern States formerly
did, that is a question over which Congress haa
no pfcwer.
Mr. BROOKS. Then the honorable gentleman
differs altogether from the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley J andotherho_n-
orable gentlemen, who are insisting that Louis-
iana shall not be readmitted into Congress unless
the negroes there are first permitted to vote.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 do not understand the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] to differ from
me in opinion upon the question put in issue by
the gentleman. I took occasion, some days ago,
to spend a few minutes in illustrating the fact that
the question of suffrage is a question belonging
peculiarly to the people of each State. I have
never entertained any other opinion. It has, how-
ever, always belonged to Congress to determine
who might exercise the right of suffrage within
the Territories; but in the States the question be-
longs to the States themselves.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me ask the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] in
order that 1 may understand him thoroughly, has
he proposed to let Louisiana enter into this Union
without a preliminary provision permitting the
negroes in Louisiana to vote?
Mr. KELLEY. I propose, so far as my vote
shall be concerned, to admit Louisiana into the
Union whenever she comes here with a constitu-
tion republican in form, which shall have been
ordained by the people of that State 
Mr. ASHLEY. Loyal people.
Mr. BROOKS. Black people ?
Mr. KELLEY. After our armies shall have
made conquest of the entire territory of the State,
or the rebels now in arms against us shall have
submitted to the authority of the supreme Gov-
ernment of the land; that is the administration to
which the people for the time being have confided
the administration of affairs and the enforcement
of the Constitution and laws. I do not propose
by any vote of mine, however, to subject the
people of that State who are now and at all times
have been loyal to the Government to the control
ofthe pardoned butuneonveited traitors who have
attempted to overthrow my Government and di-
vide my country.
Mr. BROOKS. The honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania makes a very good speech within
my speech, and yet when he speaks of the " peo-
