APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 3,
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Board of Admiralty—Mr. Davis.
Ho. op Reps.
disadvantage of the form of boiler now used in the naval
service, although it was fully discussed, namely,the impos-
sibility in the gunboat-* or sloops, of reducing its height so
that the crown of the boiler can be below the mam load
water-line ol the vessel. This can be done by otherforms
of multitubular boiler, either horizontal or vertieal, white
the ordinary horizontal tubular occupies somewhat less
height, when properly designed, to give the same effect."
. Now, the effect of having machinery exposed
in-action was disastrously illustrated when the
S&s^acuswas exploded in Albemarle sound, and
the Hatteras disabled by the Alabama in the Gulf
of Mexico, by a single shot passing through a
portion of their steam machinery.
And then we have another significant fact on
this point in the remark they make, that the en-
gines'diffbr from those of the best practical engi-
neers. They were mere innovations. However
theyynay be justified hereafter, they were against
the opinion of the profession when adopted, and
against the experience of the best vessels in the
United States service as the commission of engi-
neers report, and they are different from those ves-
se!s which now make the best time at sea under
* the ordinary conditions of the application of ma-
chinery to the propulsion of vessels. They were
mere innovations; ideas that came across the head
of the chief of the Bureau of Steam Engineering;
and they> engines and boilers, stand condemned by
this commission, which wassummoned by the De-
partment to pass its judgment upon them.
On one innovation, made without experiment
or any proposed advantage, the board speak, as
follows:
" Both hi the naval and merchant marine large sums of
money have been expended In constructing elaborate ma-
chinery, especially required to accomplish long ranges of
expansion. On the otherhand.duimg the past two years!,
some twenty-live orthtrty vessels (mostly in the Navy) have
been provided with machinery conducted on a dliferent
tlieory, namely, that it wa« more economical to make the
steam cylinders o( such dimensions! that a small range of
expansion could bcus-ed.
" We respectfully submit that a knowledge of the fact
of which ol these system* is the most economical* would he
productive of so great a moneyed economy to the Govern-
ment that wo cannot but earnestly recommend that you
will authorize the necessary experiments to determine this
question, paiticuhulyas an expenditure not to exceed from
fifteen to twenty thousand dollars oniy would be required,
which, in comparison to the impoitance ol the subjcct, is
insignificant.
" The niemhersofthis board, in their individual capacity,
will eiiecilnlly devote their services in devising tin; mode
in which these expeiiinents should he made, and also de-
vote the necessity lime to conduct them."
Then the board advised experiments to test
the relative values of the horizontal and vertical
tubular boilers, chiefly out of deference to the
Department's partiality for the latter, which they
lvad condemned in the form used by the Bureau
of Engineering. This report was made in Febru-
ary or March, 1863, and u condemned everything
that had been done at that time, every engine that
had then been placed by the Dopaitment in a
naval vessel. We are told that these investiga-
tions are now going on, m the report of the
Secretary to this session. The Bureau of Steam
Engineering informs us that now, that is to say
in December, 1864, when the report came in,
commissioners were sitting to determine those two
problems proposed forsolution m February, 18G3,
and were carrying on their investigations m No-
vember and December, 18G4, to advise the Depart-
ment what course it should pursue in creating
new engines.
Now, what has been the course of the Depart-
ment while that investigation was going on?
Why, sir, I hold here a report of the chief of the
Engineer Bureau, of the 28th November, 1864,
which, after eulogizing the form of boiler which
that board of engineers condemned* and giving us
his assurance that his subsequent experiments
quite justify his opinion, condemned by the
board of engineers, informs.us that, on the 28th
of November, 1864,
" A board, consisting of the principal steam-engine build-
ers of the country and the chief of this bureau, is now ex-
perimenting with crit&al accuracy on two boilers of tiie
respective types, for the .purpose of definitely determining
their relative merits for the naval service under every van-
ety of circumstance and of proportion. It is believed the
results will be of the utmost importance to all engaged in
the manufacture and use of steam machinery.
"Another board, consisting of thiee members of the Frank-
lin Institute, three of the Academy of Sciences, and three
Ofljtfie part of the Depat tmeut, are now experimenting with
s tiie utmost precision on machinery devised by Mr. Horatio
Allen, of the Novelty Iron Works,New York city, one of
the hoard, to determine by practical results the economy
of u->ing steam with different measures of expansion, uri-
d"r different conditions of mechanism, pressure, and baefe
pressure. It is believed these experiments will give a cor-
rect practical solution to a very vexed pioblem, and be of
incalculable benefit."
That is to say, experiments of vital moment
proposed in February, 1863, to guide the Depart-
ment in the expenditure of millions, and to de-
termine the value of the whole machinery of the
Navy, have been cleverly protracted from Feb-
ruary, 1863, till November, 1864, that is, during
twenty-one months, nearly two years; and while
this was going on, we are informed that the De-
partment has solved those problems in its own
sense; and in the face of this report of the board
of engineers and its judgment upon the machinery
of the bureau, it has ordered machinery of its own
condemned types, to the amount of millions of
money, for I cannot tell how many vessels. The
statement of contracts for steam machinery, made
by the Bureau of Steam Engineering since the 1st
of August, 1863, that is, six months after the re-
port of the board of engineers, shows contracts
for twenty-one engines at $400,000 each, four
at $580,000 each, two at $6b0,000, and two at
$700,000each, amounting to about twelve million
dollars; all after August, 1863; all after the con-
demnation of the board of engineers; all pend-
ing the experiments which were to determine their
structure! In what year the last were ordered
is perhaps not quite certain, for the dates are not
very distinctly set forth; but all seem to be in
1863.
What I ask the attention of the'committee to
is the fact that a board of engineers, summoned
by the Department, condemned all the machinery
the Department had placed in any wooden vessel
up to the date of its sessions, and that the Depart-
ment, instead of changing its course, goes on and
constructs machinery upon identically the same
principle, as the Bureau of Engineers informs us.
I speak now upon the report.
And then, as if to add mockery to this abuse of
the public confidence, they tell us that now, after
the time which has elapsed between February
and March, 1863, and November, 1864, they are
diligently pursuing investigations to settle ques-
tions which they have practically solved by the
expenditure of millions of dollars upon work
which has been condemned by a board author-
ized by the Department itself more than a year
ago, and pending experiments intended to deter-
mine some of the most vital points of the ma-
chinery! If that is wise action, then let others
explain it. If there are differences of opinion
so grave as that, then it is time to stop until the
problem is solved, and not say that, after having
built a whole navy at such stupendous sacrifice of
money, they are now diligently pursuing investi-
gations for the purpose of solvinga problem which
they have practically solved by this great expend-
iture. That is a trifling with the country which
should bring down upon them the indignation of
this House. And if no other fact existed, that
should be a sufficient reason to surround the head
of the Navy Department with responsible advis-
ers, whose opinions he cannot disregard, whose
opinions he cannot push away in the pigeon-holes
of the Department, where they may lie until they
are brought out after weeks of investigation by
our committees, but who would command respect
from the head of the Department, or bring down
condign punishment upon his head if neglected.
It is to prevent such an abuse of the public con-
fidence as is shown by the report of the board of
engineers on the one side and the report of the
Engineer Bureau on the other that i have drawn
the proposition I have offered; and m drawing it
I have embodied in it as nearly as I could, and as
the system of our Government would allow, the
provisions which have by the experience of other
countries and our own from time to time been
found useful to guide and aid the discretion of the
Secretary when novel ships or great expenditures
on new forms of naval defense were about to be
hazarded, and to prevent this great squandering
of the public money. In my judgment it will be
a guarantee of an efficiency of service hereafter
such as we have never had heretofore.
I have already detained the House longer than
I intended. I merely wish to say now thatsofai
as I can get information from any source what-
ever, the speed of the engines placed in the naval
vessels constructed by the Department up to this
time falls two or three miles short of what they
ought to have attained according to the board of
engineers. When the question was raised upon
that subject in the newspapers some time ago, the
statement that the screw sloops of the Department
could not exceed between nine and ten knots, it
drew out a reply from a distinguished officcr in
the Navy, who said that it was very far from
being true that none of the vessels of the Navy
could go more than nine or ten miles an hourun-
der steam continuously, under the conditions of
the naval service—not running down the Poto-
mac without armament, or coal, or ammunition,
or water, or provisions,and in smooth water,but
as sea. It is the only direct, authentic published
statement that I have ever seen from any naval
officer respecting the speed of any of the vessels
of the United States built by the present Depart-
ment which carried the'ir speed above ten miles
an hour. But the contradiction is solved by noting
the names of the vessels forming the exceptions.
Captain Craven, the heroic officer who wentdown
with the monitor Tecumseh in Mobile bay, is the
officer referred to, and his card, in answer to the
suggestion that none of the Department vessels
would go more than ten knots an hour under
naval conditions, stated that he had commanded
both the Kearsarge and the Tuscarora, and that
they could go thirteen knots an hour.
Now, I wish to call the attention of the House
to the fact that the Kearsarge and the Tuscarora
are not provided with machinery built by the De-
partment or the Bureau of Engineering, but they
are two vessels-of-war which were duplicates in
structure and machinery of the I roquois, the Mo-
hican, and the Seminole, vessels constructed by
the last Administration, whose engines are con-
structed on the principles that the new Bureau of
Engineering has condemned—principles which it
has discarded in the construction of the new en-
gines, but which prevailed in the structure of the
old vessels of the United States Navy,and of the
vessels constructed in navies abroad. And I say
that tins is evidence m corroboration of the fact
that none of the vessels whose machiney is de-
vised by the bureau can approach the speed which
it is said by the board of engineers ought to be
attained, and can he attained, with proper ma-
chinery, under naval conditions for naval vessels.
The number of revolutions of the screw, not ex-
ceeding sixty or sixty-two a minute, and the pitch
of the screw, limit the speed of the screw sloops
to less than ten knots an hour, unless a vessel can
go faster than her propeller; and that such is the
limit appears officially by the report that the Mo-
nongahela, in sailing full speed against the Ten-
nessee, made sixty-two revolutions, manifestly
the utmost limit of her power; and that they are
under twelve knots an hour is implied by the
board of engineers assigning that as the desira-
ble limit, while they condemn the machinery and
say it might, by change in type and detail, have
in the screw steamers been increased in power to
the extent of one third. It is plain they thought
the speed of the sloop not over nine knots. The
impunity of the Alabama and her consorts for
three years is the practical result.
Now, sir, without going further into details
upon this subject, for 1 desire to stop where offi-
cial data stop, 1 submit that thecourse of the De-
partment with reference to the iron-clads and its
course with reference to the construction of ma-
chinery, all other matters being laid aside, show
the necessity of some supervising board, some
advisory power beyond the authority which is at
the head of the Navy Department, to secure us
against disaster in some great day of battle, and
to secure to the nation the benefit of the money that
it is now expending in the stiucture of vessels.
We have spent already, sir, over ££80,000,000 on
our Navy, and yet at thi,s day there has been ac-
complished scarcely anything which ought to be
satisfactory to the nation or which materially adds
to its security. 1 trust, sir, that by the adoption
of this amendment a security will be provided for
the future, for nothing can remedy the squander-
ing of the past.
