732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
pie" of Louisiana he means the black people as
well as the white people of Louisiana, and more
the blacks than the whites, because the black
people are largely in the majority there.
Mr. KELLEY. Why, sir, I have always re-
garded an intelligent black patriot as a better man
and a better citizen than the most lily-livered
traitor that ever capered in a lady's chamber.
[Laughter and applause.]
Mr. BROOKS. The honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania has made that speech once before
in this House during this session 
Mr. KELLEY. I would be glad if the gen tle-
man would refer to the expression I have just
uttered. I do not think he can find it in the
Globe.
Mr. BROOKS. And if he repeats it again he
may again have applause from the surrounding
galleries and from certain members on the floor
of this House.
But I tell the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvaniaand all other gentlemen, that while lam
willing to recognize the equality of the negro be-
fore the law in the State from whence I come, yet,
whatever may be the law of my State, I <lo not
intend here in Congress to support any effort to
impose upon other States or upon Territories
terms which shall compel them to allow the ne-
groes there to vote, thus to govern the whites.
Mr. KELLEY. "Will the gentleman yield to
me one moment?
Mr. BROOKS. I cannot yield except for a
brief question.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire merely to aska ques-
tion. The gentleman speaks of Territories. I
desire to ask him whether the Congress of the
United States has not always regulated the ques-
tion of suffrage in the Territories when giving
them organic laws, and whether any territorial
act, either of the Congress of the Confederation
or of the Congress of the United States down to
1812, ever excluded the free negro from the ex-
ercise of the right of suffrage. D id Congress, by
any act prior to 1812, when the Territory of Mis-
souri was organized, ever exclude the freejiegro
from the exercise of suffrage in the Territories >
Mr. BROOKS. Congress novel-attempted, be-
fore the assembling of this Congress or the pre-
ceding one, to impose negro suffrage upon any
Territory of this Union.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman is mistaken.
In 1812, the Congress of the United States for the
first time excluded the free negro from suffrage
in the Territories. Notwithstanding the fact that
South Carolina undertook, as early as 1778, to
force the insertion of the word " white" into the
provision of the Articles of Confederation regu-
lating the right of suffrage, Congress, from the
very organization of the Government down to the
year 1812, uniformly maintained the right of the
negro to suffrage in all the Territories, whether
they lay north or souih of the ,■slave line.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, it would be too
much of a diversion from the main objects of my
present remarks to enter in to a historical discussion
upon negro suffrage as it may have been exercised
in different States orTerntories. I am well aware
that until the abolition excitement began, a small
portion of the negroes of North Carolina, and
even of Tennessee, had the right of suffrage. All
this is aside from the President's message that 1
rose to discuss, and 1 do not propose to be further
diverted from that discussion now.
Mr, ASHLEY. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. BROOKS. I will hear the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. ASHLEY. The gentleman stated some
moments ago that in a certain contingency there
were six northern States that would rebel against
the Government. I asked the gentleman once
before to name the States to which he referred,
and he declined to do so. 1 now ask him again
to name.them.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman has declined
to answer my question. 1 ask him again, if Abra-
ham Lincoln should admit the southern States
again, if the rebels formerly representing the
southern States here should be pardoned and ad-
mitted upon this floor—say Toombs of Georgia,
or Jefferson Davis—would the honorable gentle-
man submit to it?
Mr. ASHLEY. The President may pardon
and this House may admit any gentleman elected
by a State as its representative. The Represent-
atives from the State of Ohio and the civil author-
ities of the State of Ohio would submit and bow
to the constitutionally expressed will of the ma-
jority of this or the other branch of Congress in
admitting such men.
Mr. BROOKS. That is not an answer to my
question. I ask whether, if the executive au-
thorities of the United States were to exercise this
power of pardon, and admit the rebels of the south-
ern States to amnesty and pardon, and those rebels
were to be elected to Congress and admitted
within this Capitol, would he submit?
Mr. ASHLEY. So far as I am concerned I
would submit to the constituted authorities of the
land. So far, however, as my vote here is con-
cerned, it shall never be given for the admission
of* rebels here
Mr. BROOKS. Is not the President, in the
case of pardon, the constituted authority of the
United States ?
Mr. ASHLEY. I do not recognize the Presi-
dentof the United States as the constituted author-
ity of the land. The coordinate branches of Con-
gress, acting with the President, constitute the
Government.
Mr. BROOKS. Then, if sixty or seventy rebel
Representatives were admitted upon the floor of
this House, and forty or fifty of us were to unite
in admittmgthem, what would the gentleman do?
Mr. ASHLEY. I would submit, of course.
I have answered the gentleman's question before.
Personally I would vote against them. If a major-
ity of this House,or of theGovernmentas it may
be constituted now or hereafter,should permit gen-
tlemen to be admitted from rebel States, I should
submit.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman has answered
my question now. Taking him, therefore, as the
standard of opinion, I do not think then that five
or six States would rebel against the authority of
the United States, for I now understand him to
say tluit when the President assumes the mer-
ciful prerogative of pardon, and exercises that
prerogative which the people intrusted to him,
and tiie doors of Congress are again opened to
Representatives from the rebel States, the gentle-
man will sit here with me, if we both happen to
be elected members of the House, and submit to
amnesty and pardon and to Abraham Lincoln,
receiving them as friends and brothers. I am
glad to get that concession from so extreme a man
as the honorable gentleman from Ohio. I desire
thatitmay reach the ears of the Piesident. I de-
sire H to go out to the South as an invocation
from him to the southern rebels to lay down their
arms and come once more within the portals of
this Capitol.
Mr. INGERSOLL rose.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 wish the gentleman would
pardon me. i want to go on with my remarks.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish to say that the
Ametiean Congress  .
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York yield ?
Mr. BROOKS. I would rather not, I will
yield some other time.
I was about to say, when interrupted in the
course of my remarks, that Mr. Lincoln, in refus-
ing to negotiate with the States in rebellion, has
not consulted the antecedents in our history.
When the State of Pennsylvania was m rebellion
against the Government of the United States on
the subject of whisky, the then President of the
United States, high and lofty as he was 
Mr. THAYER. The State of Pennsylvania
never was in rebellion.
Mr. BROOKS. Then I will correct my re-
maik. When a large portion of the people of
the State of Pennsylvania were in a state of re-
bellion, Washington himself did not deem it
beneath his dignity to consult with those rebels
and institute a commission to negotiate. When
in the State of Rhode island there was rebellion,
or when a considerable portion of them was in
rebellion, the then President of the United States
did not deem it beneath his dignity to consult the
rebels. A large portion of the people of Rhode
Island were in rebellion.
Mr. JENCKES. Against whom ?
Mr, BROOKS. Against their own State.
Mr. JENCKES. And they were treated as
they deserved to be.
Mr. BROOKS. And a large portion of the
people of Massachusetts were in a state of rebel-
lion prior to the formation of the Constitution of
the United States,and the high authorities of that
State did not hesitate to enter into negotiation and
consultation with Shay and other leaders of that
rebellion, and actually settled terms with them
when they were in arms. These are but State
matters; but I proceed to the consideration of
another.
When in 1832 the State of South Carolina was
in rebellion, when the Army and Navy of the Uni-
ted States were surrounding the city ofCharleston,
the high, imperious, and haughty General Jack-
son, who threatened to string up the traitors upon
the lamp-posts, did not hesitate to send General
Scott, Colonel Bankhead, and civilians,too, over
and over again, to consult with Governor Hayne
and General Hamilton, and other leaders of that
rebellion, to propitiate the State of South Caro-
lina and avert the storm of civil war. When civil
war was imminent, when the armies were ap-
proaching each other, Clay, even the fiery spirit
of Henry Clay, in the other House of Congress,
did not hesitate, for the sake of peace, to throw
aside the protective tariff interests of the States of
Pennsylvania and Massachusetts and to surren-
der that mere question of money in order to pro-
pitiate that State. And a bill of compromise and
concession General Jackson cheerfully signed.-
Men of such lofty spirit did not hesitate to con-
sult with the leaders of actual organized rebels in
South Carolina, in order toavert the storm of civil
wai; and why should President Lincoln hesitate
now to follow in such illustrious steps?
These are the precedents of our history which
it seems to me the President of the United States
should have consulted when he entered into this
negotiation with the rebels in the Chesapeake
bay, and when one of their propositions was sep-
arate negotiations with the rebel States of the
Federal Union.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman where he obtains the evidence that
there was a proposition made to the President of
the United States, that the separate States would
enter into negotiations for peace upon the basis
of the Union, or upon any other basis.
Mr. BROOKS. I have already read the au-
thority.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Where is it to be found ?
Mr. BROOKS. It is in the communication
made by Jefferson Davis to the rebel congress,
and in the letter of the three commissioners to the
rebel congress. That is my authority, and there
is no denial of it in the documents read at the
desk from the President of the United States.
Mr. INGERSOLL. There is no affirmation
of it in the document sent to us by the President.
Mr. BROOKS. I regret also that all terms of
armistice have been refused by the President of
the United States. I deeply regret that there* is
to be no cessation, no pause in this horrible civil
war. And when I heard the honorable gentleman
from Indiana yesterday, [Mr. Julian,] and the
gentleman from Vermont also, [Mr. Morrill.]
anticipate an early conclusion of this war, I could
not but recall the illusions I have heard from the
floor of this House now for four years past; though
I could not help pray from the bottom of my heart
that now they mightturn out to be better prophets
than they have been heretofore. I will not now
reexpress my opinions upon that subject. It is
unnecessary. The history, the Anglo-Saxon his-
tory, records what must be the result, without
any prediction of mine—long and continued war.
Even with the suppression of armies and the sack
of southern cities, guerrilla warfare will be pio-
tracted, no man can tell how long. Why, if there
be any part of the South which has been subju-
gated it is that part within ten or fifteen miles of
this Capitol; and yet twice within this winter the
guerrillas have been formidable within fifteen
miles of this Capitol, once at Rock creek, and
again out on the Fairfax road; and no man at this
day or hour can venture alone and unarmed over
the Potomac twenty miles from this Capitol, or
even ten miles within this subjugated country.
The overthrow of armies, the sack of cities, the
removal of all apparent forces, is not the subju-
gation of the people northe end of the war. Hence
i deeply regret that the President of the United
States did not avail himself of this opportunity
for an armistice, in order to give again to the peo-
ple of the South the means of reasoning and con-
