1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
733
sulfation. Armed forces, swords, bayonets, ar-
tillery, are not weapons of American civiliza-
tion 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is the gen-
tleman from New York in favor of an armistice?
Mr. BROOKS. I am. I repeat, I am. I am
in favor of appealing from guns and bayonets and
artillery to reason, to sense, toChristianity, and to
civilization 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man agrees with Jeff. Davis and his commissioners
upon that subject.
Mr. BROOKS. Why, certainly I am in favor
of an armistice. Some day or other this war must
stop.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Neveruntil
the rebellion is subjugated.
Mr. BROOKS. There must, I repeat, be an
end of the war, and prior to that, there must be
a cessation of hostilities, a truce, or an armistice.
I regret deeply that the President did not avail
himself of this opportunity, for I believe that it
would have ended the war, and ended it in the res-
toration of this Union. If we were once again
to resort to the arbitrament of reason and sense
instead of the logic of artillery, neither our people
nor the southern people could again be driven to
arms. If the cheers of the army of Grant and
of the army of Lee can be permitted once more
to reecho, the soldiers of those armies, who are
fighting the battles of this war, will meet in com-
mon fraternization and they willend the war. Our
Army are for an honorable peace; our armies are
for an armistice for the restoration of the Union;
our soldiers want to see our flag, the stars and
stripes, float from the Passamaquoddy to the Rio
Grande, and the trade of the South again opened
to nur people; and whenever there is a cessation
of hostilities and an opportunity to reason upon
the subject, never again will the din and clangor
of arms resound.
Mr. Speaker, there is another topic in connec-
tion with the armistice which I wish could have ar-
rested the attention of the President of the United
States, and that is the condition of our foreign re-
lations. Sir, there is a movement going on of far
more importance to us than slavery in the South,
or these mere* technical preliminary negotiations
which the President could not break through—a
European movement, that movement which is
threatening to plant French arms and the French
flag in the States of Siualoa, Chihuahua, Duran-
go, Sonora,and Lower California, a territory em-
bracing about one half of all Mexico, and larger
than New England and New York and Pennsyl-
vania combined. The Monroe doctrine is gone.
The unity and honor of our continent are gone.
Europe is overriding us. Rebel chiefs even are
made dukes and viceroys under the control and
direction of the Emperor of France. TheseStates
of Sinaloa, Chihuahua, Durango, Sonora, and
Lower California, are worth ten times what we
are fighting for; and while we are destroying our-
selves, the Emperor of France is preventing the
further extension of our magnificent empire. For
a miserable debt, oiiginally but §125,000, he has
taken possession of these vast Mexican States,
and there is no resistance whatsoever from the au-
thorities of this Government. The 'President of
the United States is forced to be silent; the Secre-
tary of State dare not remonstrate. The Memonal
Diplomatique, a French paper of high authority,
published in the city of Paris, a paper which nine-
ty-nine times out of a hundred is accurate in re-
flecting diplomatic authority—that high authority
states "that in September and Octobei last Maxi-
milian was not recognized by the constituted au-
thorities of our country only because ofthethen
approaching presidential election, and it is alleged
by the same high authority thatMr. Corwin.our
minister plenipotentiary, was permitted to depart
from Mexico in order to no longer recognize the
Juarez Government, but that ill due time, after our
election, Maximilian would bo recognized as the
constituted authority of Mexico. I do not know
that that is the fact, but I utter it on the authority
of the Memorial Diplomatique, a paper of the high-
est authority among all the diplomatic authorities
of the European world assembled in the city of
Paris. But whether it be true or not, the fact is
on record that while we have been fighting, nomi-
nally to abolish slavery, a great republic, a sister
republic, the republic of Mexico, has been over-
thrown, downtrodden, enslaved, and an Austrian
monarchy lias been substituted in its stead,
through the silence of our authorities. No re-
monstrance on record, no resistance, but appar-
ent assent! While we have been fighting, these
vast Mexican States, of which I have spoken,
have passed even from the Emperor of Mexico,
and have been seized upon by the Government of
France in payment of a debt of only $125,000. A
remonstrance from this House, it is true, has gone
forth, none from any other branch of the Govern-
ment, while we have been officially rebuked by our
own executive authority for remonstrating at all!
Then let us hush this unnatural, fraternal,
civil war till we can again expel European inva-
sion, at least from the continent of North Amer-
ica. Let not Mexico and Central America be
enslaved in order to free a few negroes here. Nay,
not even to free a few negroes; for, although but
a few days ago we emancipated ail the negroes
of the southern States, the House yesterday, by
a vote of G4 to 62, passed a bill (the freedman's
bill) substantially to reenslave all the negroes
whom we had liberated by the constitutional
amendment a few days before. It is on these
grounds, sir, that I deeply regret that the Presi-
dent would not consent to the armistice desired.
Some day or other we must come to that and
agree to a cessation of hostilities. We have the
high authority of President Lincoln for saying
that war cannot continue forever; that peace must
come, sooner or later. If, as Mr. Stephens hints
in his letter, all that the South asked for is self-
government and the restoration of popular rights,
this is quite the time for an armistice to be ac-
cepted by us. We lose nothing by it. We hold
on to what we have got, and stand in position to
take more. And we are in the hey-day of our
prosperity now. Our honor is unsullied. Our
armies are triumphant almost everywhere. Now,
then, is the day and hour to be magnanimous.
The adversities of war may approach us. The
adversities of finance may overwhelm us. We are
taxed now as no other people on earth is taxed,
by Federal, by State, by county, by town, by
municipal authorities of all sorts, to carry on this
war. The honorable gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] again demands fresh taxation to
the amount of forty millions more, and a tax upon
incomes more grinding than ever. I venture to
say that, within a very few days, the Committee
of Ways and Means will again come before the
House demanding new loans of millions on mil-
lions to carry on this war. These loans cannot
always be made. We cannot always borrow.
Why not now, then, in this the hey-day of our
prosperity, ill the midst of the glories of our mili-
tary achievements, acccpt what the rebels seem,
almost on bended knees, to have asked from us,
an armistice of sixty or ninety days, m order to
enable them to go back and reason with their
people and bring their minds to permanent peace?
Mr. Speaker, these are my sentiments, and I
dare to utter them. I know not, and I care not,
what may be said of me. 'What may befall me
or my fortune is a matter of entire indiffeience.
Whether I am popular or unpopular, whether 1
am denounced, calumniated as disloyal, or not,
is a matter of entire indifference to me when I
have the support of my own sense of right. Here
and elsewhere, on all occasions, then, I shall pro-
claim and advocaft what I believe to be this right,
namely, that now is the day and hour, with only
one condition, the restoration of the Union, forthfe
acceptance of any honorable terms that will im-
mediately end this unnatural war.
Mr. STEVENS addressed the Chair.
MEMBERS EXCUSED.
Mr. NORTON. I desire to ask unanimous
consent to make now my excuse for being absent
last night without leave of the House.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask if it
is not a matter of privilege for a member under
arrest here to offer his excuses.
Mr. NORTON. I wish to leave the city at
three o'clock this afternoon.
The SPEAKER. The House has postponed
the consideration of the cases of absent members
until this matter is disposed of.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope that we will under-
stand that if the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Norton] is necessarily absent, histcase will be
passed over until his return.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That will do.
Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to state to the House
that I am called upon to leave the city this after-
noon, in consequence of the extreme illness and
probably death of my father-in-law, now ninety
years of age. X may be absent until some time
next week.
Messrs. Norton and English were excused
temporarily from attendance upon the sessions of
the House.
PEACE NEGOTIATIONS—AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I have not risen
for the purpose of attempting the impossible task
of answering such a speech as we have just heard
from the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks.] I would rather that this question of
printing had been taken without remark. But it
has been opened by discussion; and the position
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
it seems to me, is but perfectly natural and just.
The rebels of the South have been arraigned by
the message of the President. In all justice they
were entitled to an advocate upon this floor, and
they ought to have one who fully enters into their
views and sympathizes with their purposes. I
see, therefore, great propriety in the gentleman
from New York undertaking that task of love;
for he tells us at the outset that he believes—and
indeed seems to be electioneering for a further
division of this Union—that five States of thia
Union beyond those already in rebellion will yet
be in rebellion. I know not what five States he
moans. Of course he speaks for the city of New
York in one of those States; but the States I do
not know. But I trust he will confine himself to
his clients and not touch those of the loyal States.
Now, sir, the gentleman is hard to please.
Some time ago it was earnestly asked that Pres-
ident Lincoln should send embassadors, or agents
in some shape, to hear what the South would say;
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
was among that number; and they declared that
if, upon that being done, they should refuse to
treat upon the basis of the integrity of the South,
there would hereafter be perfect unanimity among
all parties m the North; that all men would be
loyal; that all men would support this Govern-
ment. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] and those who acted with him on that
occasion differed somewhat from the loyal people
—I mean the other loyal people of the North—and
from the gentlemen on this side of the House, for
I do notbelieve there was a man on this side who
desired the Presidcntto sue for peace for what had
already been done. 1 believe the people were some-
what indignant at the idea that it was done. We
therefore differed from the gentleman.
But the President has thought it was best to
make the effort, and he has done it in such a
masterly style, upon such 'a firm basis and prin-
ciple, that 1 believe even those who thought his
mission there was unwise will accord to him sa-
gacity and patriotism, and applaud his action.
Now, sir, I understand the gentleman to condemn
the President of the United States for not open-
ing a negotiation upon the basis tendered by the
rebel commissioners. Now, sir, what was that
basis? They tendered no basis upon which ne-
gotiations could be inaugurated, except independ-
ence of the rebel States and a dissolution of the
United States. Does the gentleman mean to say,
in the face of this House, m the face of the Amer-
ican people, that he condemns the President of
the United States for notentoring into negotiations
with the confederate States upon the basis of their
independence and a dissolution of this Union?
Mr. BROOKS. Does the gentleman desire an
answer? I thought I made myself clear upon
that subject. I applauded the President of the
United States for entering into a negotiation with
the rebel commissioners. I thought I was ex-
plicit upon that subject, and I have yet to learn,
from any documents which have been submitted
to us, that any basis of that negotiation was the
separation and dissolution of the Union of these
States.
Mr. STEVENS. I propose to read a few
words from a speech of Jefferson Davis, made
when these commissioners returned. It was a
speech made in Richmond to a meeting called for
the purpose of considering the report of these
commissioners. They met in the African church.
I do not know what to understand by that. They
