1865.]
APPENDIX-TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Board of Admiralty-^-Mr. Rice.
Ho. of Reps.
BOARD OP ADMIRALTY.
SPEECH OF HON. A. II. RICE,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House op Representatives,
February 1865.
Tlie House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Washburne, of
Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the bill (II. R. No. 676) making appropriations for the na-
val service for the year ending June 30,1866, the pending
question being the amendment submitted by Mr. Davis, of
Maryland, to add to the bill the following:
Provided, That no money appropriated for the naval ser-
vice shall be expended otherwise than in accordance with
the following provision, so far as it is applicable; that is
to say, that the President, by and with the advice .<nd con-
sent of the Senate, shall appoint a Board of Admiralty,
which shall consist of the vice admiral and one rear ad
nural, one commodore, one captain, one commander, and
one lieutenant commander, over which the Secretary of
the Navy or the officer highest in rank present shall pre-
side; and when the subject under consideration shall ap-
pertain to the duties or any bureau in the Navy Depart-
ment, the chicf of such buieau shall bp a member of the
board, and entitled to sit and vote on the consideration of
the subject.
Sec.—. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the board shall de-
liberate in common and advise the Secretary on any matters
submitted by him iclatingto naval organization, naval legis-
lation, the construction, equipment, and armament of ves-
sels, navy-yaids, and other naval establishments, and the
direction, employment, and disposition of the naval forces
in timeot war. AM Mich opinions shall be recoided.
Sec. —. Jlndbe it further enacted, That no vessel-of-war
shall be built or materially altered, nor any guns of new
construction ordered or adopted, nor any engine lor any
vessel-of-war adopted or ordered, nor any permanent struc-
ture tor naval s><jrvic«i executed, until the plans*, estimates,
propoxate, and contracts for the same shall have been sub-
mitted to the board, and its opinion and advice thereon
communicated in writing to the Secretary; nor shall any
patented invention be bought or adopted lor the naval stir-
vice without first the opinion of the board thereon having
been taken; and all experiments decided to test inventions
and naval plans and structures shall be conducted under
the inspection of the board, or members thereof named by
the Secretary, and submitted to the board for its opinion
thereon.
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all invitations
for plans or pioposals for any of the works above men-
tioned shall be prepared by the board, subject to the appro-
val of the Secretary ; and all bids or offers or prop sals for
the same shall be opened in the presence of the board, and
the award made by it, subject to the approval of the Sec-
retary.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
may add to the board from time to time other officers of
the Navy eligible to the position of chief of bureau, not ex-
ceeding three at any time, for consultation on any of the
above subjects. The board may take the opinion of emi-
nent practical engineers, mechanics, machinists, and archi-
tects, in their respective branches of art or industry, when
in their opinion the public service will be promoted by it,
and pay them such reasonable compensation as the Secre-
tary may approve.
Mt\ RICE, of Massachusetts, said
Mr. Chairman: I am at the present time very-
ill prepared to reply to the remarks which have
been made by the honorable gentleman from Ma-
ryland; but I am not willing that this speech shall
have been made in this House and pass out to the
country without my saying a single word upon
the subject, although I am obliged to speak with-
out special preparation and in the absence of cer-
tain statistics which would be most valuable to
me if I had them here at hand.
It is but natural, too, that 1 should rise under
some embarrassment, with some feelings of diffi-
dence, to reply upon the spur of the moment to
the elaborate speech which has been delivered by
the honorable gentleman from Maryland, a speech
for which, it is quite manifest, he had made a
careful collection of such statistics as might serve
his purpose, and in which he has discussed the
subject in hand with that degree of warmth and
enthusiasm which is apt to arise from the fervor
of some measure of personal hostility.
1 think the gentleman has been unfortunate in
the selection of the proposition which he has sub-
mitted to the House. It is, sir, nothing more nor
less than that this Congress and the Navy De-
partment of the United States shall throw away
all the teachings of experience, both at home and
abroad, and shall take a retrograde step, placing
the administration of out naval affairs where it
was nearly a century ago.
The honorable gentleman has taken occasion,
in the opening portion of his remarks, to refer to
the action of the Committee on Naval Affairs
upon the bill which he has discussed, and which
he has brought in here and submitted, I think,
contrary to all rule and to all precedent, as an
amendment to an appropriation bill, and before
there was opportunity for the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom that subject had been re-
ferred, to present the report upon which theyitad
concluded long before his amendment was offered.
Now, sir, 1 desire to say for the members of
that committee, that if any gentleman in this
House chooses to call in question their diligence,
their industry, and their patience, let him resort
to the room, and to the records of the committee,
and find how far their patience has been tried and
their time absorbed by useless investigations
thrown upon their hands in a resolution submit-
ted by the honorable gentleman from Maryland,
during the last session of Congress.
Sir, the resolution to which I allude was a
sweeping one, aimed at no particular point, look-
ing to the correction of no particular evil; but
one starting out this Committee on Naval Affairs
upon an exploring expedition to ransack the whole
transactions of the Naval Department; the mys-
teries of the construction of steam machinery,and
the investigation of professional and scientific, as
well as of practical questions. The subjects for
investigation ran also into matters of personal
quarrels; into the connection of alleged and ficti-
tious abuses on the part of persons connected
with the Navy Department, and into other acts
through the agency of other persons which I will
not consume the time of the House, or tire its
patience even by relating. The character of this
h\bor and its results are to be found in the report
of the Naval Committee recently submitted to the
House.
Now, sir, in prosecuting the labor imposed by
that resolution alone, the Committee on Naval
Affairs consumed more than seventy sittings dur-
ing the last session of Congress, an average of
three days every week of the session from the
time the resolution was offered; and the investi-
gation, with all the diligence,all the labor, and all
the care which could be bestowed, was not con-
cluded until the very last days of June. And
since the present session of Congress convened
it has devolved upon the committee to prepare a
report covering that vast mass of documentary
evidence and testimony which the House, af-
frighted by its magnitude, refused on Monday last
to allow to be printed. It has been necessary dur-
ing this session to examine and analyze that whole
testimony, to collect all the facts and statistics, to
separate the wheat from the chaff, and to select
that which was true out of that which was false,
and to report the result to the House. And,sir,
without instituting any invidious comparison be-
tween the labors and diligence of that committee
and those of any other committee of this House,
I should do great injustice to my colleagues upon
that committee if I 'did not bear testimony to the
fact that neither their personal convenience nor
comfort has been allowed to interfere with the
diligent discharge of their duties. So much, sir,
in regard to the amount of labor and attention
which have been bestowed by the Committee on
Naval Affairs upon the subject referred to them
by the gentleman from Maryland.
The question of the expediency of putting the
Navy Department under the surveillance of a
board of examiners, ora board of administration,
the committee proceeded to consider as soon as
they could gain time from the pressure of other
and more important matters; and, as I said be-
fore, weeks ago they were ready to submit their
action and conclusions to this House as soon as
its rules would permit, and, if necessary to do
so, to submit the reasons for the decision to which
theyarrived.
Now, I desire to say here, that the report which
the committee are ready to make whenever they
have an opportunity, is adverse to the proposi-
tion submitted by the honorable gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] and if the House will
indulge me I will proceed to state, with as njuch
brevity as the circumstances permit, some of the
reasonswhich have led us to thatconclusion. The
proposition of the honorable gentleman is sub-
stantially that the Navy Department of the Uni-
ted States shall be putunder a similar kind ot ad-
ministration to that by which the Bntish navy is
at present controlled; and 1 need not say to any
gentleman who has examined that subject, that
the British Board of Admiralty is to-day, of all.
administrative things in England, the most ua- v
popular among the people and Governmentofthafc
nation.
The administration of the navy of Great Brit-
ain was vested originally in an officer called the
"Lord High Admiral of the Bntish Nary,"an
office which has not been filled, except for a very
short period, for nearly one hundred and eighty
years, the exception being its occupation by the
Uuke of Clarence in 1827; at all other times it
has been placed in commission, as the phrase is,
a commission consisting of two lords, four com-
missioners, and two secretaries, the incumbents
being so appointed and retired as to be in harmony
and sympathy with the dominant party in the
Government for the time being. And what has
been the result? Just precisely what one would
expect would be the result of the action of an or-
ganization having no individual responsibility,
and feeling the stimulus of no executive power.
We all know that after the accession of Louis
Napoleon to the throne of France, and when that
wonderful man commenced, as he did almost im-
mediately, to bestow his attention upon the con-
dition of the navy of that empire, and its com-
parative magnitude and prowess with that of
Great Britain, Parliament/and the British people
were both intensly excited at the rapid strides
Prance was making in the construction of a great
navy, and the periodicals and the leading men of
Great Britain in Parliament summoned to the bar
of public opinion this irresponsible and inactive
Board of Admiralty, that they might, if possible,
gLve an account of how it happened that the British
navy had gone into disrepute, and wasso far behind
everything which it should have been when corft-
pared with the wants of the nation, or the vast
sums of money expended upon it; and four years
ago, when the war broke out in this country, and
the stupendous achievements that were made by
the Navy Department of the United States, in
constructing our naval force, became known across
the water, they also attracted the attention of the
Government and the people of Great Britain, and
now, more than ever before, public opinion con-
demned the inefficiency of this Board of Admiralty,
and interrogated them to show why it was that
when France was making these rapid strides, and
the Government of the United States was out-
stripping France even, the British Board of Ad-
miralty sat supinely in their seats and were doing
absolutely nothing to preserve the relative naval
force of Great Britain.
The United Service Magazine, published in Lon-
don, a high British authority, said in 1862, while
discussing the British admiralty system, that—
"There is something so clumsy in the machinery of a
board, that the leading statesmen of all parties who have
of late years devoted their attention to the reconstruction
of the laige Government departments, have given their
opinion against this mode of conducting public business."
The select committee on military organization
whicli sat in 1860, and which was composed
chiefly of Prime Ministers and ex-Prime Minis-
ters, of Secretaries and ex-Secretaries of State, of
First Lords and ex-First Lords of the Admiralty,
also reported as follows, upon Lord Grey's pro-
posal thatthearmy should be governed by aboard;
" This board would be a new experiment; it undoes all
that has been done • " Instead ot concen-
trating responsibility it redistributes it. The machinery of
boards is known to be cumbrous and uncertain m its oper-
ation ; it only woiK.s wtdl when the head of it acts as if he
alone were icsponsible. A board, therefore, would be a
retrograde measure, which we cannot recommend."
According to the same authority—
" Even Sir Jamys Graham, who favors the continuance
of the present system of naval administration, states that if
the command ot the navy were a new machinery to be con-
structed he should not wish to have a board such as the
Board of Admiralty."
Other leading men and authorities have spoken
of this board m even stronger terms of disfavor,
as a feeble and unsatisfactory mode of adminis-
tering the Navy, and this in such numbers as to
lead one to suppose that nothing but the prover-
bial unwillingness to make a radical change in any
part of their governmental organization would
tolerate its continuance. And let me call atten-
tion to the fact that it is not against the personnel
of this Board of Admiralty that the objection lies,
but against the system itself; for the Board* of
