734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
have got very low when they can do that. How-
ever, that is a passing remark. What does he
say?
"In my correspondence with Lincoln, continued Mr.
Davis, that functionary has always spoken of the United
States and the confederate States as one country; but in
my lepliesl have never failed to refer to them as separate
and distinct Governments. Sooner than that we should
be united again, I would be willing to yield up everything
I have on earth; and if it were possible, I would yield up
wy life a thousand times rather than succumb."
And upon the conclusion of the speech, the fol-
lowing resolutions, among others, were passed in
the presence of the rebel commissioners:
"Resolved, That we spurn with indignation the grossly
insulting terms which the President of the United States
has proffered to the people of the confederate States.
"Hesoloed, That the terms in which and the circum-
stances under which it was made, stamp the proffer as a
designed and premeditated outiage upon ami indignity to
our people.
"Resolved, That in this presence
That is in the presence of the rebel president
and commissioners—
"and in the face of the world, invoking thereto the aid of
Almighty God, we renew our resolve to maintain our lib-
erties and achieve our independence, and to this end we
mutually pledge our lives*, our fortunes, and our sacred
honors."
And yet a man calling himself a patriot and an
American rises upon this floor and sends forth to
the country a denunciation of the President of the
"United States for not entering into negotiations
with men holding these doctrines and entertain-
ing these views as the only ones upon which they
would negotiate. Sir, the simple statement of the
proposition is all that the American people will
require to stamp with proper condemnation the
man who denounces the President of the United
States for the course which he has taken. I will
apply no epithets to such a man; I do not know
that I could use any which would be sufficiently
merited.
Dissolution of the Union being the only condi-
tion of the negotiation for peace, the gentleman
from New York condemns the President of the
United States for not granting an armistice to
these traitors. What is an armistice? It is a
withdrawal of your armies; it is a cessation of
hostilities; it is to enable the traitors whom we
are seeking to crush to prepare for renewed hos-
tilities. What would an armistice imply? It
would bean admission that in the terms proposed
by the rebels there was something that we could
accept. If the President had consented to an ar-
mistice,thus acknowledging that upon that basis
peace might come, he would have deserved to be
impeached by this House and convicted by the
Senate.
Now, sir, the gentleman says that this war can
never end except by the desolation of the South ?
Whose fault is that, sir? Whose fault is it if
these people, instead of laying down their arms
and submitting to the law, are determined to re-
sist to the last man and the last dollar? If we
should lay waste their country and bring the peace
which reigned in Warsaw, it would be but a just
retribution for their hellish rebellion; it would be
but a just retribution for the entertainment of sen-
timents such as the gentleman from New York
has uttered.
Sir, the President of the United States, in my
judgment, ought to do nothing more than he did
some time ago: say to the rebels, "Peace is within
your reach whenever you cease hostilities; peace
is for you to declare, and not for us." We are
no suppliants to rebels who have cost our coun-
try millions of dollars and shed the best blood of
hundreds of thousands of our citizens. What
dastard is there who would ask us, under these
circumstances, to sue for peace on the basis which
the rebels propose, or to lay down our arms for a
single moment until they either submit or are ex-
terminated ? Sir, I do not hesitate to say that, in
my judgment, one or the other of these alterna-
tives must come. That the rebels can maintain
themselves for any great length of time, I do not
believe. That peace will come as early as some
of our sanguine friends have hoped, I do not be-
lieve. I have believed from the fiist that men
who for thirty years had concocted without the
least cause the vastest and the foulest rebellion
that was ever known in any country had made
up their minds to take the consequences to the
bitter end. I believe that in that vast country,
although our superiority in arms must be ac-
knowledged, itis very hard to producc immediate
results. Several years ago I did not hesitate to
predict that scarcely five years would see the end
of this rebellion, and I do riot now believe that it
will finally be terminated within the period of six
or twelve months. I believe that the mam armies
of the rebellion will be crushed in the ensuing
season, unless we agree to the terms advocated
by the gentleman from New York, and withdraw
our armies from the circle which is now closing
in upon the heart and body of the rebellion. I
believe we shall speedily crush all the great armies
of the rebellion. Still I look for guerrilla warfare
for a year or two; but that will be of compara-
tively little importance.
But the gentleman denounces the idea that we
are to dictate terms to these people. Now, sir,
was any great war ever ended by force of arms
when the conquerors did not dictate terms to the
conquered country, imposing upon it, in whole
or in part, their own laws? But I understand
the gentleman to object to other portions of the
President's message. It was, if they come back,
they must take the condition of things as they
find them. The constitutional amendment, if
finally adopted by three fourths of the loyal States,
as I have no doubt it will be, will prohibit for-
ever the admission of any State into the Union
with slavery in its constitution. If they come
back they come back to a free country. That
touches the sensibilities of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Brooks.] The time will come
when this nation will suffer no compromise, no
attempt to reestablish slavery in the slave States,
no matter by whom. Does the gentleman, I ask,
wish to reestablish slavery where it has been abol-
ished or is about being abolished by the people?
Is that the kind of doctrine which a Representa-
tive utters in the American Congress ? Is that
to be heard in this century, when almost the uni-
versal world is crying for general emancipation?
When it is proposed to put the black man back
into slavery, chains, and bondage, is the Presi-
dent to be condemned because he does not reecho
that sentiment?
Mr. Speaker, when I rose I did not intend to
say so much, as 1 wish to get to the business of
the country; but I desired to put before the coun-
try the distinct propositions of the two nations,
as they are called in the rebel correspondence. 1
want it to go out that Jefferson Davis has stated
that he will sacrifice everything upon earth, and
that he will die a thousand times over rather than
negotiate upon any other terms than independence
of the southern States. That is the proposition
which they make, and the one which Abraham
Lincoln has rejected. All I ask is that this shall
be placed distinctly before the American people.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman allow
me ?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, I think that
I heard very distinctly the message of the'Presi-
dent when it was read by the Clerk this morning,
and I hope, for the sake of history, that the gen-
tleman will not repeat the declaration that these
commissioners from Richmond insisted upon
southern independence as a basis of negotia-
tions. The President says that that was not in-
sisted upon, and the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia gets his information from ajstump speech, or
some sort of speech, made by Jefferson Davis, in
Richmond. There is nothing to show that it is
authentic. It may have been misprinted. He
may have made no such speech as that. I hope
the gentleman from Pennsylvania will confine
himself to the message delivered to us by Mr.
Lincoln.
Mr. STEVENS. I take both; the one intro-
duced by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] from the rebels, and the one introduced
in the message of the President. They both show
conclusively that they refused to negotiate upon
any other terms than the independence of the
South.
Mr. MALLORY. The speech which thegen-
tleman from Pennsylvania cites may say that
southern independence was insisted upon, but the
message of the President declares that no such
thing was insisted upon. Now which authority
is the gentleman determined to rely upon ?
Mr. STEVENS. 1 did not so understand Mr.
Lincoln.
Mr. MALLORY. Then you misunderstood
him.
Mr. STEVENS. He said that they had ito
authority to negotiate upon any other terms than
southern independence.
Mr. MALLORY. Let that part of themes-
sage be read, in order that the House may see the
force of the argument which the gentleman has
been making. The declaration of the President
is, as compared with the telegraphic correspond-
ence, like the small piece of bread to the vast deal
of sack in Falstaff's bill. I call for the reading
of that part of the President's message. I want
it to go forth with the gentleman's speech.
Mr. STEVENS. It goes light along with it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. I should like to have it in
the gentleman's speech.
Mr. STEVENS. Both the report of the rebel
commissioners and the report of the President of
the United States go upon the ground that they
would consent to no agreement except upon the
concession of theirindependence. The President
of the United States offered to treat distinctly
upon the terms of his letter, and they refused to
treat upon those terms. The President does not
repeat them, but he refers to the letter he wrote to
Mr.Blair, which contained the proposition. They
refused to treat upon those terms, and thence those
who censure the President now for not treating,
censure him because he could not agree to sever-
ing this Union; and although he offered to pardon
many of them and deal liberally with them, they
did not ask that, but scorned it. They go upon
the ground that they are a nation at war with us,
and nothing but the sword can end it. Now, it
seems to me that that brings us simply to the point
whether wc are for disunion or not. I know that
the President claims that they must take the Con-
stitution as we have amended it. I understand
the gentleman from New York desires that the
rebels shall come back under the Constitution as
it was, and not the Constitution as it is now made
.by us. That might suit him very well, because
by the aid of the rebels here, and the Representa-
tives of some portions of New York and the West,
they would have it all again their own way. That
would be the rebel congress transferred to this
Hall.
But, sir, I did not suppose I should say so
much; and I call the previous question upon the
motion to print.
Mr. COX. I ask my friend to yield to me.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 must insist upon it, there
having been a large speech on the one side, and
a very small one upon the other.
Mr. COX. 1 will notconsume more than five
minutes, if the gentleman will allow me.
Mr. STEVENS. Wc must go to work. I
had intended to say something more. I intended
to answer the charge against Pennsylvania, when,
really, that rebellion was nothing but that kind of
whisky insurrection which ourfnend from Illinois
[Mr. Wasiiburne] introduced here last night.
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania decline to yield to me five minutes? I
have granted him more grace than that often.
Mr. STEVENS. I thought the gentleman
wanted me to surrender the floor for the purpose
of a speech. I will give the gentleman five min-
utes of my time.
Mr. COX. I would not now detain the House,
but for the fact that in some sense the resolution
which I offered a few days ago was intended to
support the Administration in the policy of peace.
I was the more anxious to do this, inasmuch as
gentlemen upon theotherside were in opposition
to their own Administration on this policy. If
possible, I would strengthen the arm of the
Administration for peace, as I have voted to
strengthen it for war to sustain the Government.
Gentlemen on this side of the House generously
gave it their support in its endeavors to seize the
results of war and victory, and thus bring an end
to this devastating conflict. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] and others, upon
that side, were opposed (as he has said to-day)
to making any inquiry into the disposition of the
armed insurgents. They denounced, not the terms
or conditions which might be tendered in advance
of effort, but the effort itself. They were ex-
asperated at the attempt to ascertain whether
peace was possible without sacrificing the Union
and its integrity. In other words, they were un«
willing to close the war, even by the accomplish*
ment of Us object. They want war for bloody
