ims.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73 5
and revengeful purposes. Their resentments and
hates must be gratified. 1 prefer to gratify the
patriotic object of all our sacrifices, and, if it can
be done, to restore peace with its blessings of
Union and good-will. Gentlemen affect to believe
that the negotiations, whose record has been read,
have utterly failed. They please their own minds
now with the efforts, since the effort has seemed
to fhera fruitless of results.
But, sir, I am glad that this attempt at negotia-
tion was made,forthis reason: if the message be
properly studied and the correspondence be"read
between the lines, it will appear to every one who
looks utthe matter with caieful criticism and dis-
passionate statesmanship that this negotiation
will not end now and here, but if it be followed
up in a patriotic spirit may end in a restoration
of peace and reunion. In the five minutes allotted
to me l ean barely hint at my reasons for this
conclusion. My hope for peace was great, and
my desire greater. The House knows the deep
interest i have taken in tins movement. This
interest may give a bias to my judgment. But I
will submit to them the reasons which have im-
piessed me upon the mere reading of the message.
I am sorry that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania should have given the emphasis of his great
name—great in the country, gieater in his party
—to propagate the idea that the southern com-
missioners stood inflexibly on their independ-
ence. This is a mischievous torture of the cor-
respondence. I appeal from the inferences of the
gentleman [Mr. StevensJ and from the speech of
Jefferson Davis made after this seeming failure to
u popular assembly, to the message of Mr. Lin-
coln, and the facts therein stated.
In the letter from City Point of February 2,
1865, the southern commissioners state their will-
ingness " to proceed to Fortress Monroe and there
to have an informal conference with any person
or persons that President Lincoln may appoint j
on the basis of his letter to Francis P. Blair, of i
the 18th of January ultimo, or upon any other
terms or conditions that he may hereafter propose,
not inconsistent with the principles of self-govern-
ment and popular rights, on which our institu-
tions are founded. It is our wish to ascertain,
after a free interchange of ideas and information,
upon what principles and terms, if any, a just and
honorable peace can be established without the
further effusion of blood, and to contribute our
utmost efforts to accomplish such a result.J>
What was the letter of President Lincoln to
Mr. Blair of the 18th? Its very language, familiar
to me before read here,"was, " peace to the people
of our one common countryIt was used in le-
sponse to the language of Mr. Davis, which was
" peace to the two countries." It was used by
Mr. Lincoln, and as appears by the indorsement
of Mr. Lincoln of January 28, understood by Mr.
Davis to have direct reference to the language of
the latter as to the " two countries." Hence when
the commissioners agreed to meet it was a reces-
sion from the point of Mr. Davis as to "two conn-
tries," and an agreement to treat for peace to the
peopl^of " one common country." All through
the correspondence nothing appears to the con-
tiaty. Mr. Lincoln say3 they omitted to declare
that they never would consent to reunion. Gen-
eral Grant himself says in his cipher telegram of
February l,and I call the attention of gentlemen
to the striking and conclusive significance of his
language:
" I am convinced, upon conversation with Messrs. Ste-
phens and Hunter, that their intentions are good and their
desire sinccre torcstoie jieacc and union, i have not felt
myself at hbcity to express oven vipws of my own, or to
account tor my iPticency. This has placet! me man uwk-
waid position. I tear now tlietr gouu* back without any
e\.ptu>-?ion from anyone in authouty wiU have a bad influ-
ence.'*5
"Why will it have a.bad influence? Why would
it hurt our cause if they should return willing for
peace and union, and no attempt made to secure
such results by negotiation? With such an ex-
pression from the Lieutenant General before me,
1 say, Mr. Speaker, that the thanks of this Con-
gress and the thanks of the country are due to
PresidentLmcoln for this effort to negotiate,which
lias drawn out this significant and hopeful expla-
nation ftom a majority of these commissioners.
In the entire correspondence, and in the conver-
sation which ended the conference, there is not a
word, not a syllable, which does not look to the
treatment of peace upon this patriotic basis of
Union. If we fail or have failed to treat upon that
basis, the fault, I will not say the crime, of fail-
ure will lie at the door, if not of the President, of
the radicals whose incessant pressuie is always at
his back. I wish, sir, that the House were pos-
sessed of what took place at the concluding inter-
view. All we know is, that the commissioners
" desired a postponement" of the question of re-
union for a time, arid (i the adoption of some
other course first." This the President regarded
as an indefinite postponement. What that other
course was we are only left to conjecture. Per-
haps it had reference to a union of our armies for
a common object—perhaps in Mexico. What-
ever it was, there is nothing but the inference of the
Presidentthatitmighthave been inconclusive; or,
that it might have resulted in an armistice, which
the President regarded as an indefinite postpone-
ment of the question of reunion. But, whatever
it may have been, it is clear that by recommend-
ing another " course first," the commissioners did
regard peace and Union as feasible at last.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, in answer
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
denounced an armistice. He thoughtit ought not
to be agreed to at this time. 1 have never thought
an armistice indispensable to negotiation; neither
is an armistice what it is here defined. It does
not mean a withdrawal of force, only its suspen-
sion. But, sir, we can let the war go on and still
talk of and act for peace. A treaty may be in
progress up to the very moment of the end of
hostilities; it may be celebrated by the firing of
hostile cannon; or, as at New Orleans, in the late
war, hostilities may continue after u treaty is
signed, in ignorance of its signing. But, sir, I
cannot, in the short time allotted, speak on that
subject. I only wished for five minutes to speak
upon this question, because 1 stand here as a Rep-
resentative, as I believe from the vote taken the
other day upon my resolution, of the loyal and
patriotic sentiment of the people of'the country,
whose hearts ai e yearning to ward peace and union,
and who want to escape taxation and bloodshed
and drafting, and to see the old political relations
between the States, if it be possible, and as nearly
as may be, restored to the whole country. They
believe in supeiadding to the force of the Army
and Navy that higher, nobler, and benign Chris-
tian element of conciliation toward which the Pres-
ident is approximating, even if it has not been
fully tried and exhausted. I do not see, as some
of my fi lends around me do, any discouragement
m the negotiations, so far as they iiave advanced.
L would not represent my district or State, cer-
tainly not my paity, if i did not encourage every
effort of the pioper authorities to end the war and
save the nation.
At the outset of these negotiations the President
made three propositions: first, to restore peace on
the basis of the restoration of the national au-
thority. We would all agree to that. No man,
no Democrat, no Republican, will contravene that
as an indispensable condition. Secondly, he says
that there will be no receding from his position on
the slavery question as developed in his message
and documents. 1 can draw, sir,any proposition
on any side of the negro question from these mes-
sages and documents. From them may be drawn
either the principles of constitutional regard for
the local government of the States over slavery,
as enunciated in his first message, or the princi-
ples of gradual emancipation, or of compensation,
or of total abolition. If the President desires to
settle the conflict by a resort to his messages, he
can in a diplomatic way find the material in his
letleis or messages. This condition I do not choose
to regard as insuperable. In the third place, he
says that there shall be no cessation of hostilities
short of the end of the war. Very well; then we
can still go on and treatfor peace. Hostilities may
go on without armistice, and negotiations may
go on at the same time. There is no reason, there-
fore—and I choose to give the most charitable in-
terpretation to these negotiations—why the peo-
ple of this country may not hope for a restoration
of peace and the leunion of the States if the Pres-
ident is not bioken down in his laudable efforts
by the fierce onslaughts of his radical adherents.
God help him to do all, and do it courageously,
to save our land from its terrible woes, while
something worth having of material wealth, so-
cial order, and political virtue, remains to be
saved.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The motion of Mr, Wasjiburne, of Illinois, for
the printing of extra copies was referred, under
the law, to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the President's message was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
kESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hicket,
its Chief Clerk, informed the House that tbo
Senate insisted upon its amendments to the bill
of the House making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1865, in which the House
had non-concurred.
PROCEEDINGS UNDER TUB CALL.
The SPEAKER. The question now comes
up in reference to absent members, which waa
postponed until the President's message was dis-
posed of.
Mr. MALLORY. _ I move to dispense with all
further proceedings in the privileged case now
before the House, and to remove the case from
the dockct. I think we have enough to do with-
out this matter, and that we had better go on with
the consideration of the tax bill or some other
measure of importance.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that,
after the resolution was adopted under which the
Sergeant-at-Arms is about to execute the order
of the House, all further proceedings under the
call were dispensed with. A quorum being pres-
ent, the resolution was adopted,and then all fur-
ther proceedings under the call were dispensed
with. The House resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union and
proceeded with the tax bill, and afterward rose and
reported. The only way ofdisposing ofthe mat-
ter, that the Chair sees, is to take up the cases in-
dividually, or lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I move to lay tho
whole subject on the table.
Mr. UPSON. I rise to a question of order. I
ask whether the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Mallory] is not included in the list of delin-
quents, and whether he is entitled to make any
motion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. MALLORY. I suppose I have the same
right as in an ordinary court of justice.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
his predecessors have decided that a gentleman
under arrest has no right to make a motion or a
speech, except in reference to the question.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. Is not
the gentleman from Maine in the same category?
The SPEAKER. He is not.
The question being on Mr. Blaine's motion-—
The SPEAKER said: The Chair will state
that he cannot count the vote of any member in-
cluded in the order of arrest, and now at the bar
of the House technically, although he may hap-
pen to be in his seat.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, is there
any way of disposing of this matter, except by
rescinding the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It comes up as a resolution
adopted by the House; and the only way to dis-
pose of it is to hear the excuses of the absentees
individually, or to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted.
The SPEAKER. That was done, and the mo-
tion to reconsider was luid on the table.
Mr. ASHLEY. I understand the Chair to have
decided that gentlemen who were absent without
leave are not entitled to vote.
The SPEAKER. The names of overfifty gen-
tlemen are included in this list; and neither of those
gentlemen is entitled to vote until he is excused
by the House.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask that the Clerk be di-
rected to read the names, so that we may know
who arc entitled to vote.
