THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY P. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1865.
New Series..:..No.,47.
to transact, came to my room and remained till
half past ten o'clock; and when he left I went to
bed. I was notified about tlu-ee o'clock this morn-
ing, and was on my way to the House when I
was told that it had adjourned.
Mr. BROOMALL. Imove that the gentleman
be excused, on the payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Isaac N. Arnold.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Arnold, having ab-
sented yourself from the sitting of the House
■without its leave,what excuse have you to offer?
Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. Speaker, 1 regard the pas-
sage of the Illinois and Michigan ship-canal bill
as of the greatest possible importance to my con-
stituents. That bill is now pending before the
Committee on Military Affairs of the Senate.
Learning that nothing was to be done in the
House except making general speeches on the
tax bill, 1 believed that by conference with mem-
bers of that committee I could do more service to
my constituents than by being here, and 1 was
accordingly in the company of members of that
committee during the evening. I was absent, sub-
serving the interests of my constituents.
Mr. WILSON. Was the gentleman notified
before the adjournment last night that his pres-
ence was needed ?
Mr. ARNOLD. I was not.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the gentleman
be excused on the payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
James M. Ashley.
The SPEAKER.. Mr. Ashley, you have been
absent from the House without its leave. What
excuse have you to offer?
Mr. ASEILEY. Mr. Speaker, understanding
there was to be speech making and no business
transacted last night, I concluded to remain at
home, being somewhat fatigued, and put myself
upon low diet. After reading and answering my
letters I turned to Dombey and Son, and read
some of the extraordinary incidents in that re-
markable book. I was unconscious that the Ser-
geant-at-Arms was out after members. I have no
other excuse.
Mr. RADFORD. I move the gentleman be
excused, upon the payment ef the usual fees.
Mr. WILSON. 1 desire to ask the gentleman
one question, and that is, whether he was notified
by the Sergeant-at-Arms or any one authorized
by him that his presence was needed here?
Mr. ASHLEY. I desire to ask my friend from
Iowa why he asks me that question.
Mr. WILSON. If the notice was received by
the gentleman from Ohio, or by any other gentle-
man now at the bar of the House, that his pres-
ence was desired in the House, I am in favor of
adding to the usual fees a fine for not attending
in accordance to notice.
Mr. ASHLEY. Then the gentleman wants
me to criminate myself. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON. I would like an answer.
Mr. ASHLEY. Well, I was notified and knew
nothing about the matter until this morning.
The motion to excuse \yas agreed to.
Joseph Baily.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Baily, you have been
absent from the sittings of the House without its
leave. What excuse have you to render for your
absence ?
Mr. BAILY. When I left the Hall yesterday
afternoon I supposed the evening session was
to be devoted to general debate exclusively. I
was not well, and remained in my room all the
evening. 1 had no notice that my presence was
needed in the House, or I should have been here.
Mr. GARFIELD. In consideration of what
the gentleman says in reference to his health, 1
move that he he unconditionally excused.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I move to
amend the motion by striking out the word " un-
conditionally," and adding "upon payment of
the usual fees." *
The amendment was agreed to.
The motion, as amended, was agreed to.
47
Jacob B. Blair.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Blair, you have ab-
sented yourself from the sitting of the House
without its leave. What excuse have you to ren-
der for your absence?
Mr. BLAIR rose in his seat to speak.
Mr. THAYER. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman must come forward to the bar of
the House.
Mr. BLAIR, (stepping forward to the bar of
the House.) I rose in my seat for the purpose of
being heard,as I want gentlemen to hear my ex-
cuse. I was about to observe that most of the
members of this House probably know that I
have been seriously indisposed in one of my limbs
for several weeks, so much so that I have been
almost unable to get to the House in the day time.
I am in the habitof retiring to my virtuous couch
about the time I think all sober and honest men
should go to rest. Last evening, at my usual
hour, I retired. About half past one o'clock I
heard an unusual rnjise at my door. I got up,
went to the door, placed my hand upon tlie key
and was about to turn it, when the thought struck
me that possibly some one was there who wished
to rob me of that which would not enrich him,
but make me poor indeed. 1 retired again in good
order to my bed. A second thought occurred to
me that as there was great excitement through-
out the country ill reference to the question of
oil, and particularly the stock of the Blair Oil
Company, some one might be there wanting to
purchase the few shares that are left. I went to
the door and opened it, but instead of finding a
purciiaser, 1 found the Sergeant-at-Arms. He
told me my presence was required at the House.
Just then iny foot, which had caused me a great
deal of trouble, but which 1 thought was almost
well, commenced hurling me most dreadfully. I
appealed to the Sergeant-at-Arms, extending my
lame limb toward him, and asked him if he thought
I should go out at the dead hour of the night,cold
as it was, in that condition. He remarked at
once that he thought he would report me as being
too unwell to visit the House. I assured him
from the bottom of my heart of my most distin-
guished consideration, and retired again to my
bed. 1 remained there until morning, and when
1 reached the Hall at twelve o'clock 1 was in-
formed that I was under arrest. This is the only
excuse I have.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the gentleman
be excused on paying a fine of ten dollars and the
usual fees.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I move toaijjend
by striking out the ten dollars. The gentleman
was lame and could not walk up here, and there
was no provision made for bringing him.
Mr. WADS WORTH. I move that he be ex-
cused unconditionally.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I accept that
in the place of my amendment.
Mr. Wadsworth's motion was not agreed to.
Mr. Garfied's motion was agreed to.
George Bliss.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Buss, you have been
absent from the session of the House without
leave. What excuse have you to offer for your
absence ?
Mr. BLISS. I have but a few words of ex-
cuse to offer, and there will be no wit contained
in them. I left the House at an advanced hour
yesterday afternoon withoutany intelligence that
there was to be an evening session. 1 supposed
that the business of the day was substantially
accomplished. The Sergeant-at-Arms is guilty
of treating me with neglect last night, for 1 got
notice neither from him nor any other function-
ary or source of information that the House was
in session. Had I known it I should have been
here. 1 was in perfect health, and have no ex-
cuse except, perhaps, such negligence as may be
imputed to me for not knowing that the House
would be in session. The legal and legitimate
consequences I am ready to respond to.
Mr. HOLM AN. I move that the gentleman be
discharged unconditionally.
Mr-BROOMALL. I move to amend that mo- .
tion by adding thereto the words "on payment
of the usual fees."
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to be heard for a
moment on that point.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order:
Mr. Broomall's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. Holman's iftotion, as amended, was ^hen
agreed to, and Mr. Bliss was excused on pay-
ment of the usual fees.
Henry T.Blow.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Blow, you have been
absent from the session of this House without
leave. What excuse have you to offer for your
absence ?
Mr. BLOW. Mr. Speaker, about a week ago,
not anticipating a night session, 1 accepted an
invitation for last evening to a delightful dinner
party, as it proved. I did not feel at liberty, under
the circumstances, to withdraw the answer I had
given to the polite gentleman who had invited me
to his house. I remained there until half past
eleven o'clock last night, and then proceeded to
assist my friend from Illinois [Mr. Arnold] in
his efforts to secure legislation in reference to the
Illinois ship-canal. I saw the Sergeant-at-Arms at
a distance at one of the places where I was, and
on my way to the Capitol 1 was made prisoner at
the National Hotel—not, however, by the Ser-
geant-at-Arms. That is all I have to say.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. I move
that the gentleman be excused on payment of the
usual fees.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
inquire of the gentleman if he was notified by the
Sergeant-at-Arms thathis attendance was required
here ?
Mr. BLOW. I was.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. At what
hour?
Mr. BLOW. The Sergeant-at-Arms can an-
swer that question; I must decline answering.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that under
these circumstances something more than the pay-
ment of the ordinary fees should be required. It
is a case of willfulneglectof publicduty. f there-
fore move that an additional penalty of ten dol-
lars be imposed.
Mr. BLOW. I desire to say to the gentleman
from Indiana that it was not willful.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then 1 will take back the
word " willful."
Mr. Holman's amendment was disagreed to.
The motion of Mr. Rollins, of New Hamp-
shire, was then agreed to; and Mr. Blow was dis-
charged on payment of fees.
Mr. YEAMAN. I move that all the remaining
gentlemen at the bar of the House, who see fit to
pay the usual fee, be excused.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
If I remember right, the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Yeaman] was before the bar of the
House last evening and had a fine imposed upon
him. 1 understand the rule to be that he has no
right to take part in the proceedings unless tlio
penalty is paid.
The SPEAKER. The Chair presumes that
every member of the House obeys the order of
the House. As the gentleman from Kentucky
was released on payment of the usual fee, the
Chair presumes that he has complied with tha
order of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. A veryviolent presumption.
The SPEAKER. That may be.
The question was taken on Mr. Yeaman's mo-
tion, and it was not agreed to.
James Brooks.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Brooks, youhavebeen
absent from the session of the House without its
leave. What excuse have you torenderfor your
absence ?
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, there was a con-
flict of authority last night. I obeyed the rules
of the House up to nine o'clock. I was then
called by the chairman of the Post Office Com-
mittee to another sphere of duty at the Postmas-
