738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
ter General's. In that other sphere I thought I
might render as good public service as if I had
remained here.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
inquire whether the gentleman was notified that
the Sergeant-at-Arms had called on him.
Mr. BROOKS. I was not notified. I never
heard of it til! f saw it in the papers this morning.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I move that my colleague
be excused unconditionally.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move,asan amendment,
that he be required to pay the usual fees.
The amendment was adopted; and the motion,
as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker,if I pay the Ser-
geant-at-Arms now, can 1 vote?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. BROOKS, (stepping forward to the Ser-
geant-at Arms.) Then I will settle up. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. ASHLEY. Do I understand the Chair to
decide that until a member who has been fined
has paid the Sergeant-at-Arms he is not entitled
to vote ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already de-
cided that he presumes all gentlemen have obeyed
the orders of the House unless there be evidence
to the contrary.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a point of order. I
am told that there is an arrangement between cer-
tain gentlemen who were here last night to collect
a considerable sum of money for the Sergeant-at-
Arms and to have a grand supper at the close of
the session. My point of order is that those gen-
tlemen are interested and therefore are not entitled
to vote. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. THAYER. The remarks of the gentle-
man from New York are a reflection on the House.
Mr. WORTHINGTON. Mr. Speaker, as
one of those who remained here till four o'clock
in the morning, I utterly deny the existence of
tiny such arrangement. [Laughter.]
Mr. THAYER. 1 understand the Chair to say
that the remarks of the gentleman from New York
are in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has ruled them out
t\s not being a valid point of order under the rule.
William G. Brown.
The SPEA KER. Mr. Brown, you have been
absent from the session of the House without its
leave. W hat excuse have you to render for your
absence?
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia. Mr.Speaker,
1 had an engagement last evening for a few hours
"with a friend. My health is not very good at any
time, and at the conclusion of my engagement I
went to bed unwell. Some time in the night, after
1 had slept for a considerable time, my wife told
me that some gentleman had come to the door
wanting to see me, and that she sent word to the
gentleman tjwt I was unwell. The gentleman
then left without my seeing him. It was a fact
that I was unwell; and i would not have come
here last night for any amount that the House
would probably fine me on account of my ab-*
scnce. My condition of health was such that I
could not come#
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the gentleman be dischaiged unconditionally.
The motion was agieed to.
John W. Chanler.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Chanler, you have
been absent from the session of this House with-
out its leave. What cjsxusu have you to icndei
for your absence?
Mr. CHANLER. I left the House on yes-
terday under the impression that the debate upon
the internal revenue bill, which had been com-
menced by the honorable gentleman who had
charge of that bill, [Mr. MorrIll,] would cer-
tainly continue until the next morning, and that
it would not be necessary for me to be here. Be-
fore 1 started from the Capitol, I left word with
one of the officers of the House that in case any
other business should transpire I should be sent
for. I heard nothing of the order of the House,
but came hero this morning unaware any call had
been made.
Mr. BROOMALL. T move that the gentleman
be excused upon the payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agieed U.'
Freeman Clarke.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Clarke, you have been
absent from the session of this House without its
leave. Whatexcuse have you to render for your
absence ?
Mr. F. CLARKE. Mr. Speaker, I am not well
enough to attend the evening sessions of the
House.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move tfiat the gentleman
be unconditionally excused.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would ask the gentleman
if he was confined to his room last night.
Mr. F. CLARKE. I was not.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Broomall] so as to excuse the gentleman upon
the payment of the usual fees.
The amendment was adopted; and the motion,
as amended, was then agreed to.
Brutus J. Clay.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Clay, you have been
absent from the session of this House without
its leave. WlTat excuse have you to render for
your absence ?
Mr. CLAY. I was not aware, Mr. Speaker,
that my services were needed here last night. I
left the Hall last evening under the impression that
we were to have a night session only for the pur-
pose of allowing gentlemen an opportunity to
make speeches for their constituents; not particu-
larly to enlighten members of this House;and as
I felt no particular interest in them I did not think
it necessary to attend. I went home to my room
and remained there, and was not aware of any-
thing that was being transacted here last night;
and furthermore lam not much inclined to travel
at night over the slippery pavements and steps,
and therefore 1 concluded 1 would not come up
here last night. I had no intention or desire to
show any contempt of this House,
Mr. ARNOLD. I move that the gentleman be
unconditionally excused.
Mr. RADFORD moved to amend so as to ex-
cuse the gentleman upon the payment of the usual
fees.
The amendment was adopted; and the motion,
as amended, was then agreed to.
Cornelius Cole.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Cole, you have been
absent from the session of this House without
its leave. Whatexcuse have you to render for
your absence?
Mr. COLE, of California. Mr. Speaker, I was
by special invitation at a more festive scene than
the one transpiiing in this House last night. It
was between eleven and twelve o'clock when I
reached my lodgings, and 1 supposed then that the
House was keeping better hours than the members
of the Committecson PostOfficesand Post Roads,
and I retired for the night. I knew nothing then
of tjie proceedings of the House. When 1 saw
the statement ni the papers this morning to the
elfcct that when last heard from the House was
still in session, my first impression was to come
up here immediately and relieve you from the
dilemma in which you were placed. Butstopping
to obtain my breakfast, I learned that the House
had adjourned some time during the morning.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move that the gentle-
man be excused upon payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Henry L. Dawes.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Dawes, you have been
absent from the session of this House without
Us leave. Whatexcuse have you to render for
your absence?
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, as the House is
well awaie, I attended upon the session of the
House last evening until a very late hour. Dur-
ing the discussions of last night, as the House is
also aware, i unfortunately became involved in a
personal difficulty with the venerable and, until
then, very much esteemed gentleman from Oiiio,
[Mr. Spalding,] under the impression that he
was attempting to appropriate to himself an article
that belonged entirely to me. In the course of
the evening 1 received a message from him of such
a character that I was a little uncertain what it
meant. I therefore consulted the distinguished
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] who,
we all know, is perfectly an fait in such matters,
[laughter,] and he informed me that it admitted of
but one construction, and that I must meet the
gentleman from Ohio outside of the District and
vindicate my honor, [renewed laughter;] and, in
company with the gentleman from Ohio, i left
the House for that purpose late in the evening.
I was not aware of the call of the House after I
„left. I am happy to say that such explanations
took place between the gentleman from Ohio and
myself as rendered it entirely satisfactory to me
that he had no intention to make the appropria-
tion that I at first supposed he had, and that is
the rpason why I left the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is one
of those who left after the doors were opened,
and thus left the House without a quorum; and
both for that reason and because he accepted a
challenge, I move that he be excused upon paying
a fine of ten dollars in addition to the usual fees.
Mr. COX. I do not think we ought to press so
hard upon my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.] He has said that he left the House upon
a belligerent errand. Now, it is so unusual a thing
for our New England friends to fight that I think
it should be regarded in his case.
Mr. TRACY. 1 move to amend by striking
out the fine of ten dollars.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I move to amend by
striking out " ten dollars" and inserting 44 one
dollar."
The amendment was rejected.
The motion of Mr. Stevens was then agreed to.
John L. Dawson.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Dawson, you have
been absent from the session of this House with-
out its leave. Whatexcuse have you to render for
your absence ?
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. Speaker, I was present
during the regular session of the House on yes-
terday until the hour for the recess. It seems
that the House had resolved to meet again at
seven o'clock I did not learn that fact until after
eight o'clock, when I immediately repaired to-
ward the Capitol, but on my way was informed
that the House had adjourned. I then returned to
my lodgings. I received no notice from anyone
that the House wasinsession,and knew nothing
of the fact until after I appeared here to-day at
twelve o'clock and was informed that such was
the case.
Mr. ANCONAT I move that the gentleman be
unconditionally excused.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to amend so as to
excuse him upon the payment of the usual fees.
The amendment was adopted; and the motion,
as amended, was then agreed to.
John F. Farnsworth.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Farnsworth, you have
been absent from the session of this House with-
out its leave. What excuse have you to render
to the House for your absence ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker,I attend-
ed the session of the House last evening until nearly
one o'clock, until all further proceedings under
the call of the House had been dispensed with,
and the doors were opened. Presuming that no
further business would be transacted,and feeling
quite unwell and very much fatigued, I went to
my lodgings, and, after taking some refreshment,
retired to my virtuous couch. I had just got into
my first slumber when
" I lioaid a rapping
As of some onn {not v«y] gently tapping
At my cliamboi door."
Upon asking who was there, the Sergeant-at-
Arms responded, desiring me to get up and come
to the House. I tuld him that was impossible;
that J could not, in the condition of my health,
got out of my bed at that hour.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment, that I may make a motion
which, if it be made at all, must be made before
half past four.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cheerfully yield to
the gentleman.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move that the session of
this evening be dispensed with. 1 desire that we
shall get through with the business in which we
are now engaged, and I think that we had better
continue this afternoon's session until we con-
clude this matter.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont moves that the session of this evening bo
