1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Board of Admiralty—Mr, Pike.
Ho. of Reps.
gly and collectively,as he does from time to time,
lie makes up his opinion and acts accordingly.
Thus you have the principle of individual and
strict responsibility, and at the same time have
ail the benefit of consultation and advice which
could possibly be obtained from an advisory board
of the character proposed.
It, is asked now that we shall change all this;
and why? Why, because other maritime nations
have done so. We should call in a Board of Ad-
miralty because England has had a Board of Ad-
miralty, and the gentleman from Maryland has
copied his plan partially from, that of England
and partly from that of France.
Well, sir, the Board of Admiralty at the time
of its creation in England was progress and re-
form. Bad as it is it was better than its prede-
cessor. Itrsucceeded the Lord High Admiral. He
was a prince of the blood. The office was held
by a natural son of Henry VIII when he was but
eight years of as;e, and afterward by various
brandies of the dull family who at present oc-
cupy the British throne.
Sir, it was progress and reform to take the man-
agement of the navy out of such hands, and place
it under the control of the British Board of Ad-
miralty. These reforms do occasionally occur in
Great Britain. But one considerable reform sat-
isfies that modeiate people for a century; and this
organization is nearly two centuries old, and it is
time, as it is worn out, corrupt,and effete, that it
should give place to a modern organization that
shall free itself from existing errors, and answer
the purposes of the present generation.
Sir, i cannot say, as my distinguished friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Rice] said yesterday,
that I have no piejudices upon "this subject. I
am frank to confess that 1 have prejudices, and
of two systems equally good, the one our Amer-
ican system, and the other an English system, I
confess that my prejudices would lead me always
to select the American system. But, sir, I do not
wish to depend upon prejudices. I wish to pro-
duce here authoiuy for what I say about the
Biitiah Admiralty. I took occasion the other
day when this subject came up to go into the
Library, and found there only three books upon
this subject, and I examined them to see what
intelligent British criticism had to say about this
Board of Admiralty, I do not propose to cite
fiom those authorities at length; but I invoke
tin; attention of the House to some bi lef extracts.
And the first is a book published in London
about four years ago, entitled Admiralty Admin-
istration, by a very intelligent author, who, if 1
mistake not, is a distinguished naval officer. He
says of this Board of Admiralty:
u It is most impoitant to remember that this distribution
of business is an internal ati.tngement by winch the boaul
delegates to its *evetal member* a portion ol its own duties;
that each member i.- responsible to the board, and to ihe
boaul alone, for In? performance o! those dunes; and that
<oi each and nil ot Uiom! duties the responsibility upon
Paili-unent and the counhy is that not ot the individual
ioici. but of the board in its collective capacity."
That is precisely applicable to this bill. Well,
what was the eflfect? This writer describes the
efP-ct; he says:
" It is unnecessary to insist at any length* on the evil of
divided councils, which must often occur among fix persons
bmught together by the chapter of accidents, without pre-
vious knowledge of each other's view*, and in fact the
Ad mi i ally o.ren represents nothing so completely as the end-
Jet,> diveiMty or* opinions which prevail among naval offi-
cer ; a diveiMty winch on the other hand Is partly accounted
fui by the absence ot any stamiaid course of policy to be
dc-eovei ed in the conduct of successive naval administra-
tions."
And he winds up by saying:
" With respect to naval officers the case Is not more en-
couraging. for the only one subject on which thete is gen-
cial agieemcnt among them is the utter hopelessness of
any good iesult arising fiom a system whi«h isfelt to hang
like a blight over the navy."
Now, sir, 1 hold in my hand a series of letters
written by a distinguished British admiral, Sir
Charles Napier, in which he describes tin's sys-
tem, having served under it for a long period.
Let us see what he says about it. He says:
"I have been forty one years in the service; and with
the exception ot commanded of sloops, fiist lieutenants,
senior midshipmen ot ships ot the line and fng.ues, being
piomoted in consequence of the capture of asupenor or
equal force, I have seldom observed anything like common
justicejni the distnbution of promotion. Fir&t lieutenants
might be ihe best and most zealous officers in the service
—that was seldom a sufficient recommendation for promo-
tion."
Again, sir, he says:
" What Sir George Cockhurn, Sir George Clark, and I
believe Sir Byam Martin foretold, has come to pass. There
is no responsibility whatever, for the responsibility of six
gentlemen composing the Board of Admiralty is not worth
a straw. May I ask your lordship who is responsible for
the millions of money thrown away in building an ineffi-
cient steam navy; who is responsible for the iron steam
fleet that the Admiralty do not know what to do with? It
was only the other day that, raising a tank and the dunnage
under it, in one of these precious vessels, they found a hole
in her bottom through which the water passed, and a fish in
it., on which, if t am not mistaken, one of their lordships
breakfasted."
And again:
" Believing, as I do, that no permanent good can be done
for the service until the Board of Admiralty is abolished, I
shall point out what appears to me would be the best mode
of ruling the navy, although that step has not been taken."
And that mode, sir, was to have one head of
the navy, on whom the undivided responsibility
of its management should rest.
So much for Sir Charles Napier. 1 now read
from another book entitled Our Naval Position
and Policy, written also by a naval officer, and
published in London in 1859; and this is what
lie says upon the subject. He quotes from Sir
George Cockhurn, and approves the sentiment:
"Having filled the station of confidential or principal
Sea Lord of the Admiralty tor more than seventeen years,
I feel that my opinion icgarding the constitution of the
board may sooner oi later be deemed woithy of consider-
ation and attention, i am induced, therefore, to place in
writing the decisions to which my experience has brought
me on tins point.
u I have no hesitation in stating that 1 consider the pres-
ent establishment of that board to be the most unsatistac-
toiy and least efficient lor us purpose that could have been
devised."
So much for the authority of intelligent British
criticism upon the Admiralty Board of England.
Suppose, now, that you examine that board in
the light of theiraccomplishments. Whatdid the
board do when the gieat transition came from
sailing vessels to steam? It was tried, as our
present Navy has been tried, by war. They had
the Cnmean war, in which England and France
combined, and the universal opinion of naval
writers was that the naval administration of Great
Britain was a failure. The Admit ulty Board only
covered themselves with ridicule by building a
hundred and fifty extra and useless gunboats and
parading them before the public after the war was
over, to show that there was still some life left
in the old board.
And how was it, sir, with regard to the iron-
clads, the second transition period of the Navy?
They had long years the stait of us. Twenty-
odd years ago we began one single battery, and
there we stopped with it still on the stocks m New
Jersey. We saw no need of any further efforts
in that direction, ami mad * none. But England
and France both began to arm themselves in this
new mode of naval warfare, and what was the re-
sult? 1 do not call upon my prejudices for an
answer. I have it here from British authority.
I will ask the Clerk to read an extract from one
of the best naval mechanical magazines in Great
Britain, the London Mechanics' Magazine.
The Clerk read,as follows:
" The event foreshadowed in the Mechanics'Magazine
more than two years «nicc is clo*e at hand. The fleet of
experimental iron-ciads, of winch the Wariior is the type,
mu-t, if they are to be m a condition to cope with the
aimor plated ship-* of ioieign Povveis,, be reconstructed.
What a bitter sarcasm is this announcement on Admnaity
management! The Warrior has been held up to the ad
mnation of the naval world as the mo-t peileet specimen
ot a sciew iron-clad fngate. Q.mte recently, it was repre-
sented on Whitehall authority," that 'her excellent sea-
going qualities and rate of speed under steam weie un-
nv.iled,' and she was 'ju^t m such splendid order in all
her internal arrangements as can only be attained by unre-
mitting exertions at the clo-e of an ordinary term of com
mission.' It seems incredible that tin- magnificent ve-sel,
which, we are told, the Admirally officials ' feel a just pride
in calling the finest and fa-test of hei Majesty's iron-clad
fleet,' is "suddenly discovered to be utteily defenseless as a
ship-of-war.
'• We w< re prepared for this discovety. While she was
still under eon&ti uction we pointed our that the unprotected
condition of her bows and stern would be fatal to her in
action, a-, it would < n d>le a completely armored antagonist
to make a wreck of hei two ends, and in her ciippled state
leave her no choice but destruction or sutrender. ^pre-
sentations lo that effect weie urged on the notice of the
Admnaity,butdi-rejznrdod with sublime indifference b> finy
ioids5 ana their noble seerttaiy.  Remonstrance was in
vain; the square fighting box, occupying two hundred leet
in length of the center of the ship, was a capital invention.
The batteries and the gunners weie safe in this iron for-
tress; the arrangement was perfection, nothing could be
better. The comptroller and his staff were jubilant j they
treated with disdain the sinister predictions or professional
and civilian critic^ and,not content with one experimental
iron-clad on the fighting-box system, costing nearly half #
million, they induced the Admiralty to order three others ori
the same principle. Four ships, at a cost of nearly a iniK
lion and a half, were built on air untried plan, and nowj.
after their completion, by a trial, which might and ought to
have been made long before the first of the number was
ready for sea, it is discovered that the objectors, whose?
opinions were treated with scorn, are right, and the plan is
a failure.
"The recent shell practice against the target-ship Alftredk
at Portsmouth, has suddenlyopened the eyes of the' lords'
who witnessed it to the unpleasant fact that a Warrior
with her bows and stern unprotected by iron armor would
be no match for a Glone, much less for a Couronne or a
Magenta.
" A panic has seized the comptroller of the navy and his
chief constructor, and spread to the hoard. The feur of
Parliament is before their eyes. Hastily, 'the Wariior is
to be paid out of commission, and is oideredto be thor-
oughly dismantled, eveiything being returned to store, and
hei machinery taken to piece.-.' Tluee leasons arc spokeiv
of as having influenced the Admiralty in paying her out of
commission: 'First, want of men lor the thiee-decker
Victoria; secondly, the defective condition of the ship's
boilers; and} thirdly, the intended alterations ami continua-
tioiiof the armor-plating mound the bows and stern.9 The
two first reasons are mere pretexts— tae last is the true
one. At length the minder is out. The famous Wairior^
the splendid iron-clad, cannot meet an enemy without be-
ing doomed to desti uction and without disgracing Eng-
land's flag. The letnedy is a bitter pill for the Government
to swallow ; but thete is no avoiding it. The Warrior must
be rcconstiudcd ; and this will commence the reconsti uc-
tion of our entire iion-clad navy The Warrior or elastic,
system of armor plating—uoii oh wood backing—which,
Willi slight modification, is adopted for every plated ship,
as we have frequently shown, is defective in principle,and
mu-t be replaced by a system of greatei t igidity. The ex-
pense will be enormou-, bur it is unavoidable.
" The intended alteration to the Warnor'sbow and stern
will necessitate the opening and lengthening of the ship's
fianie torwaid and alt. otherwise she would be unable to
cany the additional aiinor-pl.itmg,and would be turned in
her present excellent sea-going qualities and speed. In
plain wouis, it is found necessary to cut the Warrior into
three parts, and leumte them by splicing (to use. a familiar
•term) at both ends. This work will uece-sitate the removal
of the armor-plates and backing at the two extiemiu.es of
the ship, the reconsii uction and repiating of the latter, and
probably alterations in the masting and n gmg The-^e
changes will involve gieat expense, and may be senously
piejmhcial to the ti im of the vessel. Three other iron-ciads
on the Mime plan will have to be recon&tiucted.
" but woi-e still remains to be told. What isto1)edone
with Mr. Reed's fleet of wooden bottoms and unprotected
end<5. canying square iron fightinir-boxes on the Wanior
plan,' but with such instability of stiuetuie that the iron top
hides vibrate alarmingly from the fiieof the ship's guus,
with armor that will hardly resist G8-pounders at xhoit
ranges, and with the hamper of movable bulkhead* on deck ?
If the form idabie Wariior cannot encounter an enemy with-
out being reconstructed, what is to become of the ships of
the Research and Enterprise class, of which eight were
built or laid on the stocks before one was tried? They
have neither strength nor speed, are neither liners nor
cinders, and cannot by any process of reconstruction he
converted into serviceable ciaft. With these prospect^ be-
foie us the condition of the navy is by no means satisfac-
tory."
Mr. PIKE. Such, M r. Chairman, is the naval
administration of Great Britain m theory, and
such when tried in practice. Is there anything
in it, in theory or in accomplishment, that should
induce us to copy from it? Shall this young and
thrifty nation take a graft from that old and worn-
out tree for the purpose of improving the fruit
that we should produce?
But the system now proposed to be introduced
partakes not only of the characteristics of the
English Board of Admiralty, but it partakes also
of those of the French board, and the authority
of the French boatd is cited here to influence tins
House in its action. Sir, the French board is
about thirty years old. It was adopted on the rec-
ommendation of a committee of tlje French parlia-
ment. It has been changed, and it has brought
about a result which has alarmed Great Biitam.
But has it done anything as yet in time of actual
war? La Normandie roiled and tumbled across
the ocean to Vera Cruz, and after straining; and
leaking, to the great joy of everybody on board
got back to France. Besides this feat, what else
has Fiance done? And of what use is it to talk
about the organization of the French board? I
hold in my hand an English book devoted to the
subject of naval administration, in which the adop-
tion, in part, of the French board is advocated.
But after discussing the subject, the writer says
frankly:
" But it is to be borne in mind that, though a change in
the constitution of the French admiralty did much, there
i- also much due to the peculiar talents and character of
Napoleon I If. We might possibly import the whole French
system (as we always want to export our taikamentary Gov-
