.&PP1NDIS TO THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
[February 4,
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Board of Admiralty—Mr. Pike.
Ho. of Reps.
ernment) and belike the wise man who boughtaii Punch's
fcUow bat forgot to buy the man inside."
As to the French board and the whole French
Bavy, as Louis the Grand saidofthe State so may
Louis Napoleon say of the navy: " La marine—
c'est moi.' And unless we propose to introduce
Mm too, 1 see no reason why we should copy
from the French system. France has never yet
been a first-class maritime country. She has but
a million tons of shipping against some five or
six millions of English tonnage and about an
equal amount of American tonnage; but she has
accomplished a formidable navy, considered in
the light of an attack on Great Britain. The great
question between those two Powers is the pos-
session of the English Channel. That raises the
fears and quickens the exertions of one side or
theother. No blow is struck at Cherbourg with-
out thinking of Portsmouth, and no bolt is driven
at Portsmouth without thinking of Cherbourg.
Such, Mr. Chairman, are the systems abroad.
Is there anything in them, or in either of them,
or in their performances, that should induce this
House to copy them ?
And now we come to our own system. Let us
see what it has done, and whether it is worthy of
the general condemnation pronounced upon it.
We have tried heretofore copies of foreign sys-
tems, and they have failed. We have had our
*' Maritime Committee,"our " Continental Navy
Board," our" Board of Admiralty,"our " Board
of Naval Commissioners;" we tried the last thor-
oughly for twenty-seven years; and by universal
assent they were all given up for the present sys-
tem, which has been in operation since the year
1842 or 1843.
Now, sir, it is well to test the system in the
•two ways I have indicated: first, by its theory,
of which I have spoken; and, secondly, by the
results it has produced. Thegentleman from Ma-
ryland [Mr. Davis] has tried it by its results.*
That is a fair -way of trying it. And now let us
see what our naval administration has done in the
present war. What was the first necessity in
1861 when the war broke out? It was necessary
to have a blockade, and as a first step it was ne-
cessary to have ships-of-war to carry out that
blockade. It was the blockade of a coast of three
thousand five hundred miles in extent; and Lord
Lyons inquired of Mr. Seward with inciedulity
■whether he really was in earnest in proposing to
blockade a coast of that extent. Sir, it was a great
undertaking. And I submit that the Navy De-
partment, when tried by this test, fulfilled its pur-
poses. That blockade has been strictly enforced
according to thelatestdecisionsupon the subject;
it has been effectual. It has been tried by the
opinion of foreign Powers, and has been pro-
nounced by them to be an effectual blockade; and
the result upon the confederacy, the result upon
prices abroad, and the result upon prices here at
home, show that it has been effectual; and I have
no doubt the suffering English owner of many a
captured blockade runner has unwillingly con-
fessed to himself that the blockade was really
strictly enforced. In order to accomplish this, it
was necessary that the commercial marine of the
country should be called upon, and vessels were
£urchased for that purpose. Hence come the
irge list of purchased vessels upon which the
"gentleman from Maryland commented yesterday.
What was the next necessity ? That the Navy
should assist the Army in reducing the southern
forts. Has not that been accomplished? What
is the list of naval efforts but an almost constant
succession of victories? With the almost single
exception of the unfortunate attack upon Charles-
ton, the flag has been triumphant everywhere.
What more could have been done under any naval
administration? Why, sir, in the last affair at
Fort Fisher the concentrated fire from that whole
fleet produced a result which is described in the
rebel newspapers as a shower of shot and shell
such as has never been equaled since the inven-
tion of gunpowder. And I may add an import-
ant fact, which has not been generally considered,
that all of the guns upon the sea-face of that fort
were dismantled by the fire from the navy; that
not one of them at the time of the attack of the
land forces remained in position; there was but a
single howitzer that could act offensively upon the
land farces when they made the attack.-
And, sir, in addition to this, we have furnished
cruisers which have perambulated the sea, and
have rescued our commerce from the grasp of the
British pirates. Sir, in these important respects
your naval administration has been a decided suc-
cess. Does anybody suppose that the slow-mov-
ing discussions of an aristocratic and conceited
board of admiralty would have resulted as well?
But, sir, it is complained that, notwithstanding
the naval administration has been a success in
these particulars, it has failed in want of prepa-
ration for a foreign war. If this were so it would
not be wonderful. Suppose it to be true that the
gunboats that have been used to patrol the west-
ern waters for a length of three thousand five
hundred miles are unfit to go to sea, is that any-
thing remarkable? Suppose it to be true that the
double-enders, which have been used for the shal-
low rivers and narrow inlets of the South, are
exposed in their machinery on account of their
light draughtof water, is that anything to be sur-
prised at? Was not the expenditure upon them
made for a temporary purpose, and should the
money have been reserved and taken away from
a present and pressing necessity, to be applied to
a future and possible contingency? Would that
have been wise? Why, sir, I hardly think that
even the British Board of Admiralty would have
committed so stupid a blunder. Sir, the first
great duty was to aid in the suppression of the
rebellion; the next duty was to prepare for the
possible contingency of foreign war. Well, sir,
suppose that we are to have the foreign war,
which many suppose will follow the suppression
of the rebellion; suppose that, upon the suppres-
sion of the rebellion, Great Britain refuses to
accede to our just demands, and a foreign war
is brought on,andishard pressing upon us, what
is our first necessity? 1 submit to gentlemen of
this House, what is the first necessity in case of
such foreign war? Why, sir, it is the same ne-
cessity that has been felt in England for the last
century: it is to defend your own ports.
Now, I ask whether or not the system of naval
administration in this country has not provided
for that defense? Speak as you may of the moni-
tor system; denounce it as you may as a seagoing
system; speak of it as you may as a system of
attack; speak of it as the gentleman from Mary-
land did yesterday when he said that between the
discharges of the guns at Fort McAllister the rebel
officers appeared upon the parapets and smoked
their cigars; say that the system is slow for that
purpose; that these long intervals between the dis-
charges destroy the efficiency of the attack; that
you need a rapid, a concentrated, and an over-
whelming fire for the purpose of disabling a gar-
rison; but do these objections apply to the mon-
itor system as adapted to repelling an attack ?
Take these forty-seven monitors which are now
completed, or in rapid progress toward comple-
tion, and tell me, would not Boston feel safer,
and New York feelsafer, and Baltimore feel safer,
if they had each half a dozen of these vessels
within their respective harbors at the time of the
declaration of a foreign war? Why, sir, you
need only look back to see the applications from
various ports and from the authorities of various
cities for these iron-clads for the purpose of de-
fense when a war did threaten abroad, and when
it was even supposed that some of the rebel cruis-
ers might visit our northern harbois—from these
earnest applications you learn the intelligent
opinion of the country.
And let me say two things in reference to the
monitor system, which answer all the charges
made against it. There are two things which have
already passed into the history of the country,
and which, if the whole system should now be
thrown away as useless, would justify the whole
expense and ten times more.
The first of these was the check given to the
furious raid of the rebel iron-clad steamer Merri-
niac. You will recall the consternation which pre-
vailed throughout the land. You will remember
the alarm created by the telegram from General
Wool from Fortress Monroe. You will think of
the overwhelming anxiety which prevailed in the
northern cities) when it was learned that the Mer-
rimac had easily destroyed the Congress and the
Cumberland, and that there was nothing to pre-
vent her entering any northern harbor and attack-
ing any of our cities where there was sufficient
depth of water to admit her. Think of all this,
and then estimate values. I was here at that time,
and remember what I saw at the other end of the
avenue and at this end, and 1 have no doubt that
millions of dollars would have been contributed
and tens of millions voted at that time to have
that vessel destroyed.
The history of the monitor is not unfamiliar to
the House. It illustrates our mode of building ves-
sels. In July, 1861, the Secretary of the Navy
recommended an appropriation to make experi-
ments in iron-clads. Congress made an appro-
priation of $1,500,000, and provided bylaw that
it should be placed under the direction of a board.
That board considered the subject of iron-clads.
It was headed by one of our most intelligentand
respectable admirals. So little did tl.ey think
of these monitor iron-clads, even as a means of
defense, that they reported they would only ac-
cept Ericsson's as he offered it for &275,000,
provided he would run his own risk. It is part
of the history of the country that the iron-clad
Mernmac was driven back by a vessel acting on
the responsibility of a private individual. Yes, sir,
quite a large portion of that moderate compensa-
tion of $275,000 was held back to await the decision
of that important naval conflict. And, sir, I may
state, what 1 understand to be a fact, and to illus-
trate the position that all the naval wisdom is not
confined to a board of distinguished officers, that
that board—as able,perhaps, as any that could be
gathered in the Navy—stated to the Secretary as
their opinion that the probable wants of the ser-
vice in this rebellion would be twenty-Jive new
vessels!
The gentleman from Maryland, if I understand
him, talks of the wasteful expense of the Navy.
I hold in my hand an extract from a leading Lon-
don <paper, the Star, showing the expense here as
compared with that of England. I will read it:
" Nol tlie least interesting portion of the lengthened an-
nual report of tile President is' ins nummary of the condi-
tion, the woik, and the expense*of the Navy during three
years of the war. Itseetns that the Federal Navy now con-
sists ot 671 vessels, carrying 4,fi 10 guns, and manned by
51,000 officers and seamen. This necessarily includes those
gunboats which have been designed for the seivice of tlie
iMisslMppi and similar great rivers ; nor can we separate
the iron-clads of tiie monitor class from sea-gomg ships.
That the latter are not only numerous but effective is shown
by llieir capture dining the past year of 3 M ve^els, which
must neee^arih have been almost all blockade runners.
The naval captures since the war commenced number 1,379,
of which 267 were steaniei.-., and tlie pitze money already
declared amounts to upwaid of £3,500,000, which does
not include many claims in course 01 adjudication. Tlie
prepaiutton and expense of this vast fleet since the war
began have amounted to £47,700,000, which is scarcely
credible in view of tlie fact that our navy, without any vast
outlay tor the production of new vessels and during a sea-
son of peace, has cost during the same period £48,000,000.
Wo commend the fact to the nonce of Mi. Gladstone in the
preparation of his new budget."
That shows that our Navy, during a season of
war, has not cost as much money by millions as
the British navy during a season of profound
peace. And you learn from the report of one of
the chiefs of bureaus, one of the admirals I have
spoken of, the difference the Department finds
between paper and gold, as he says that he was
compelled to pay a contractor $1,250,000 in cur-
rency for materials for his department winch the
same contractor would furnish for $500,000 in
gold. If you put the Department upon the Eng-
lish gold basis, instead of the total sum named
by the President, we should have at least thirty-
three per cent, less expenditure here than in Eng-
land. Would that British Board of Admiralty
have done better?
1 have specified one of the things accomplished
by the monitors, in the repulse of the Merrimac.
Another result, of equal and probably of much
greater impostance, was that the monitors saved
us from foreign intervention. When the news of
that combat down in Hampton Roads was flashed
across the country, it was thought there was no
limit to the possibilities of the monitor system.
If a monitor could stand as that little vessel
stoofl and receive the battering and hammering it
received, andrepel the attempt to run it down, it
was capable of almost anything, it was thought,
and greatly exaggerated importance was attached
to it m the public mind. That same exaggerated
opinion crossed the Atlantic, and the London
Times, in view ef that, combat, said th«y had but
