1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSS
m
the community who have been of more service to
us during this war than the very people whom
you are now about to subject to this particular
examination. They have traveled everywhere,
risked life, put themselves to every sort of incon-
venience and trouble, subjected themselves to al-
most every variety of peril, and they have never
charged anything or got anything except the re-
ward consequent upon the performance'of acts of
that description; and I think it would be rather
unkind that you should subject them to a super-
vision to which you have not subjected and do
not propose to subject any other institution of
learning or any other institution which you have
heretofore incorporated.
Mr. HALE. It will be within the recollection
of most of the Senators who now hear me that
although members of Congress are made by law
visitorsof all institutions in the District of Co-
lumbia, within four years the marshal of this Dis-
trict issued an order forbidding Senators to visit
the jail in this District, and the chairman of the
Committee on the District of Columbia, in one
of his official visits to the jail, was refused admis-
sion under that order. Inasmuch as We are the
official and legal visitors, it occurred to the coiYi-
mittee that it would be well to put this clause in.
1 am sure that the Senator from Maryland does
not appreciate more highly than I do the'merits
and.virtues and self-sacrificing devotion of these
Sisters of Mercy and Sisters of Charity to the
sick and wounded of the Army. But this is a
corporation which is created with powers that
may make it a pretty extensive concern. They
are authorized by the bill to hold real estate to the
amount of three hundred and twenty acres of
land, and to have an annual income of $50,000.
It is perfectly clear that there ought to be some
power of visitation somewhere, and the commit-
tee thought that it might well enough be vested
in the supreme court of this District and in the
committees of each House, that it would not be
liable to abuse; that there is no disposition to in-
fringe on any of their privileges or rights, and
that the public safety requires that some such pro-
vision as this should be made either by a general
or special law. 1 have no feeling on it. These
are the motives that governed the committee, and
if the Senate see fit to strike out the section I am
content; but I think it is well enough as it is.
Mr. MORRILL. This is the ordinary provis-
ion for visitation to an institution which is in
every essential sense secret in its character. The
bill contemplates committing children of tender
age, infants so to speak, under the years of dis-
cretion, to the care and custody of these females,
and they have the absolute control over the per-
sons and over the education of these children.
This section is the exercise of the ordinary power
of Government to reserve to itself the right of
visitation. I do not think there is a charitable in-
stitution in this country 
Mr. HALE. Outside of the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. MORRILL. Not one outside of the Dis-
trict of Columbia that undertakes to assert'a right
to absolute control over the persons of tender
years, without the right of visitation on the part
of the Government; and with the highest regard
for the motives and purposes of these females,
and with a disposition to deal with them liberally
in every way, I would never consent to grant to
any set of persons, male or female, the absolute
control of such children as they may take into
this institution by the authority we grant, and
t,hut them up from the world with no right in the
Government to visit that institution and to inquire
after the welfare of those children. It is there-
fore precisely this case: we authorize these per-
sons to take into this institution such children as
they can induce, from various considerations, to
enter the institution; we give them absolute con-
trol overthe personandovertheeducationof those
children; that is all right; I do not object to it, and I
think every presumption, from the character of
these females, is on their side, that this authority
will not be improperly used; but it seems to me
to be the grant of an authority so absolute, that I
doubt if the Government have a right, so to speak,
to part with the power to supervise the conduct of
others that is implied in this section. I am so
very decided upon a question of this kind that I
do not think my consent could be obtained on any
consideration whatever to an institution of this
sort, worthy as I think its object to be, without
a provision in it for the visitation by the proper
officers, whose dutyit should beatall times to be
vigilant in inquiry aft the children whoare them-
selves absolutely committed to the care and dis-
cretion of these persons.
Mr. JOHNSON. Therightof visitation which
every Government possesses over institutions of
this description is one thing; whether it should
be exercised in the way proposed in this section
is quite a different thing. This section is notonly
a reservation of a right in Congress at any time
to visit the institution, but it reserves the right to
visit it to the judges of the superior court here in
the District of Columbia, or any one of them, and
to the committees of the District of Columbia in
either House, orany other committee of Congress,
and the books and records of proceedings of these
Sisters of Mercy are at all times to be subject " to
the examination and inspection of such j ustices or
of any such committee." 1 can readily imagine
that from time to time, from week to week, some
one will go up to the justices of the supreme court
here and suggest that something is going wrong,
and then there is to be a full inspection of the
whole establishment!
Congress by reserving to itself the ri^ht to
repeal the charter can guard against any mis-
chief; or if Congress think proper to preserve
the right on visitation over it, they can do so
without subjecting this institution to a daily in-
spection and to all the annoyance certain to be
the result of a daily inspection. These Sisters
are not nuns; they are not excluded from the
World by their religious vows; they mix with the
world, as I understand, but have devoted them-
selves exclusively to these charitable objects.
Now, why is it (provided I am right in saying
this is the first lime a provision of this sort has
found its way into such a bill) that you select
these people for this provision? Is it because of
their particular religion? I am sure it is not so. It
is not because they are Roman Catholics, nor be-
cause they think it their duty to appropriate their
lives to these purposes. Then it is simply from an
apprehension that some wrong may be done to
some of the children who may get under their
charge. There are plenty of people who will know
that that wrong will be done; and the children are
not placed entirely by this charter under the con-
trol of these corporators; the courts are all open.
These children will have just as sure a protection
through the courts as any one who goes to any
boarding-school is sure of being protected against
any misconduct on the part of the teacher by go-
ing to the courts. But I repeat, it seems to me
rather to be an invidious matter as against these
people, whose lives are devoted to these very char-
itable objects, and who are now, I believe, in
charge of four or five of our hospitals, to insert a
provision nowhere else to be found. I move to
strike out the section.
Mr. MORRILL. I submit that there is little
occasion for the criticism which my honorable
friend makes on the remarks that 1 have made.
There is no suspicion, I understand, growing out
of the peculiar religion of these people; it did not
occur to me that that question could possibly arise;
but it is the principle of allowing anybody any-
where to have the absolute control over persons
without the right of visitation. That is the prin-
ciple. This bill authorizes these people to take
control of children, and during thur minority to
maintain an absolute control over the persons and
over the education of those children, nobody on
earth having the right to interfere or the right to
inquire. Now, I put the question to my honora-
ble friend whetherit is to be regarded as invidious
when it is known that the general principle every-
where is the right of visitation? The right of
visitation is a principle which almost everywhere
obtains in all Governments. Then, sir, why an
exception in this case? Why is it supposed that
these persons who ask for this particular privi-
lege should beexempt from this general principle?
I submit that the inference is not at all favorable
to the purposes of this institution. 1 have gone
upon the ground thai it is all very laudable, all
very charitable, all very well. I wish to main-
tain good faith toward these parties, but I insist
upon it that the general principle which pervades
all legislation and which all Governments hold ns
to the right and the duty of the Government,
should be expressed in this bill, and I shall cer-
tainly oppose its passage if this section Is'stricke^
out of it.
Mr. POMEROY. It occurs to me that thisr
feature of the bill is unobjectionable,,and;I have
never known any provision of this kind to be
resisted.
Mr. JOHNSON. It has never been in any
other bill. . ,
Mr.POMEROY. IdonotknowtWtlhaveever
seen it specifically in any bill; but when an in-
stitution of this kind refuses'to allow;by-, legisla-
tion the judges of the courts and the committers
of Congress to visit it, it creates the impression
of a desire to secrete the institution from the pub-
lic observation. I certainly would hot vote to
strike out a provision of this kind after it has once
been reported, because it looks as if there was
some design in striking it out, which I trust there
is not. I hope nobody is afraid to organize an
institution of this kind and have it inspected by
members of Congress and judges of the courts.
I certainly shall not give my vote for the thing if
it is to have any secresy about it". i
Mr. CONNESS. It seems to me-thatthe crit-
icism of the honorable Senator from Maryland 13
hardly fair or well-founded. It can hardly be as-
sumed that the judges of the supreme court of the
District of Columbia would needlessly and wan-
tonly go to these institutions every day at the
instance of irresponsible parties. I really cannot
see anything objectionable in tiie section, and I
shall vote to keep it in.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The amendment of the committee wasogreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read the third time, and passed. Its
title was amended to read, "A bill to incorporate
the Sisters of Mercy in the District pf Columbia."
EVENING EXECUTIVE SESSIONS.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved. That tlie Senate meet on the evenings of Tues-
day and Wednesday of next week for the consKleiatioii of
executive business.
Mr. GRIMES. I more to amend the. resolu-
tion by adding the word " exclusively."
Mr. WILSON. 1 accept that amendment. I
will simply say that we have before us fourteen
or fifteen hundred nominations, and it is very im-
portant to act on some of them.
Mr. GRIMES. The resolution does not fix tho
hour.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to fix it at seven
o'clock.
Several Senators. Say half past seven.
Mr. WILSON. Well, say half past seven.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to, as
follows:
RcsolMi, That thpSennte meet on the evening? of Tues-
day arid Wednesday of next week, nt half pa-it seven
o'clock, for the consideration of executive business eielu-
sively.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the biil (H. R. No.
640) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending 30th June, 18SG, the
pending question being on the amendmentof Mr.
Johnson, to strike out in line eight hundred and
seventy the word " one" and insert " three;" so
as to make the clause read:
For traveling expenses of the judge assigned to the tenth
circuit, for attending session of the Supreme Couit ot the
United States, $3,000.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to amend that
clause bystrikingout"one"and inserting " two,"
so as to make the allowance $2,000. 1 think as
we have put additional dutieo on this judge we
ought to increase somewhat his allowance for
traveling expenses.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance to offer the following
amendment aa a new section:
JlnA bp it further enacted, That the first or sole assistant
in each of the Executive Departments, whose duty it is to
act as the head of the Department, in the absence of that
officer, shaii hereafter receive an annual salary equal to
