1865.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5&
33th Cong....2d Sess.
Amendment to the Constitution—Mr. Harding.
Ho. oj? Reps.
V
during the eight years, from 1810 to 1817 inclu-
sive, embracing the period of the highest price of
gold, the circulation averaged $130,000,000.
Turn now to the history of the same experi-
ment in France. In 1793, when the paper cir-
culation of that country was $750,000,000, and
was increasing at the rate of $50,000,000 per
month, the Convention enacted a law punishing
\>y six years' imprisonment in irons any one who
should exchange paper for gold, except at par,
or should ask or receive a higher price for goods
in paper than in gold. Yet this stringent law had
no effect to stay the depreciation, and in less than
two years, according to Alison, a dinner for a
single man cost $2,000 in paper.
But the high price of gold is not in itself an
evil. On the contrary, it is part of the remedy
which the laws of trade provide for a preexistent
evil. If, by some forcible means, some trick of
legislation, gold should be brought below its true
value here, the effect would be to stimulate im-
portations, and to draw the gold abroad to pay
for them. Our only means of retaining it in suffi-
cient quantities for governmental and individual
uses is to leave it entirely to the laws of trade.
The actual evil is the high price of all necessa-
ries of life to individuals, of supplies and muni-
tions of war to the Government, the high rates
of interest on the gold-bearing bonds, and the
fearful discount at which the Government is bor-
rowing.
Such being the evil, and its magnitude being
granted, what is the remedy? I answer, the one
we are already applying, and if its remedial ef-
fects have not this far been sufficiently obvious it
is because the administration of it has not been
sufficiently vigorous. I allude to the twofold
remedy of fighting and taxation, furnishing men
to the Army and money to the Government; men
and not/substitutes, money in taxes and not loans
only. Enable our armies to follow up their re-
cent glorious victories and end the war. Enable
the Government to redeem its currency in gold as
soon and as fast as the public necessities will per-
mit. This may be difficult, but it is the only rem-
edy, and the sooner the Representatives of the
people see it the better. We are in a better con-
dition to pay taxes now than we will be for years
after the termination of the war, and we are will-
ing to pay them. That is the significant mean-
ing of the November election. Some complaint
has been heard of the inequality of taxation, but
none of its amount. The people have not under-
taken to support their Government without count-
ing the cost, and they haveoverrated neithertheir
strength to fight nor their ability to pay.
Probably there ought to be no great contraction
of the currency during the war, but certainly there
ought to be no further expansion. The only ex-
cuse for inflation in the beginning was the imme-
diate necessity for money before it could be raised
by taxation. The time of that excuse has gone
by, and if further resort to the expedient should
be forced upon the Government the responsibility
must rest upon the Representatives of Che people.
The circulation of the State banks might with
very great propriety be dispensed with at once.
The necessities of the Government will not afford
the advantages of furnishing the currency to be
reaped by any but itself. A stamp of one per
cent, required to be put by the bank or the holder
on every note before issuing or passing it, to be
canceled with the date and renewed every six
months, would effect this object; or if it should
fail, would at least yield a large revenue. The
facilities generally afforded the State institutions
to avail themselves of the national law are such
that they could not complain, and the commu-
nity would be glad to get rid of this heteroge-
neous element.
Let us then take measures to prevent the fur-
ther expansion of the currency and to commence
the work of contraction. Supply the Govern-
ment with the means to pay not only its interest
but such part of the current war expenses as will
remove the necessity for further issue of notes.
Let us so shape things that on the restoration of
peace our immense debt both of bonds and cur-
rency will be already m process of liquidation.
The inflntionof the currency and the necessary
subsequent contraction work an especial injury
to those who labor for their livelihood. Dealers
of all kinds and most men of business derive ad-
vantages from the inflation to compensate for their
losses during the contraction. Notso thelaborer.
He has no stock on hand to be increased in price.
His commodity is at the increased cost when he
is ready to dispose of it. It is true he receives an
advance of wages, but every article he has to buy
is enhanced in price inagreaterproportion. This
is partially but not wholly remedied by the with-
drawal of so many men from productive industry
to fill the armies, so that wages are now higher
than they would be under the operation of infla-
tion only.
Not benefited, tlien, bythe expansion, the con-
traction will fall doubly hard upon the laborer.
Who will employ him to furnish products for a
falling market? The return of the soldiers, too,
will make competition in his ranks for the little
he can find to do, grinding him down to the point
at which the most fortunate laborer can barely
live. What to him will be the fall of the neces-
saries of life if he can obtain nothing wherewith
to buy them? What to him will be the cheapen-
ing of other men's commodities of he can find no
market for his own?
It must not be expected that a return to the
gold standard, no matter how gradual, will be ef-
fected without serious financial embarrassments.
The entire line of artificial prosperity of the last
four years will have to be run backward. Every
debt will be increased to the debtor, while remain-
ing nominally the same. Every commodity will
fall in price in the hands of the holder. Dealers
will fear to buy, and trade for the time will he
almost suspended. Everything salable will be
forced into a market in which there will be few
buyers. Labor will seek employment for mere
bread; and the day that sees the redemption of
the Government issues in gold will be one of ter-
rible financial calamity.
"But the gold standard once fairly reached, and
the state of the country once adapted to it, the
energies of the people will unfold themselves
anew. Easiness of all kinds will reopen; capital
will re-ally itself to enterprise; thrifty employ-
ment will seek well-paid labor, and our country
will commence a career of progess surpassing
everything even in her own glorious history.
1 cannot conclude without speaking of one of the
benefits arising out of these scenes of trouble, to
compensate as far as the future can for the expend-
iture of blood and treasure m the present. I al-
lude to the system of national banking. We have
at last discovered that there is meaning in that
clause of the Constitution which gives to the na-
tional Government the power to regulate the cur-
rency by authorizing Congress to com money and
fix its value. Never again will that power be
intrusted to States and State corporations, under
whose imperfect management each neighborhood
had its local currency, often unknown and unac-
credited at the distance of a few miles. The great
Republic, created in 1789, had suffered politicians
to play with its powcis until it seemed the mere
servant of sovereign States. But the duty of
self-defense aroused its slumbering strength, and
events are in progress demonstrating that in one
country there can be but one supreme power.
States have rights, counties have rights, towns
have rights, individuals have rights; but the Gov-
ernment of the Union, charged with the preser-
vation alike of the rights of the States and the
people, alone is sovereign. The Republic of
America is proving itself a nation.
AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION.
SPEECH OF HON. A. HARDING,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
January 31, 1865.
The Ilouse having resumed the consideration of the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the House, on the
14th of last June, rejected Senate joint resolution No. 16,
submitting to the Le<;isintines of the several States a prop-
osition to amend the Constitution of the United States-
Mr. HARDING said:
Mr. Speaker: If the subjcct under considera-
tion did not involve consequences so grave and
serious, it would be amusing to witness the
changes lately made by certain gentlemen on this
floor, and the reasons given for them.
One reason, assigned by the gentleman who has
just taken his seat, is, that though it may b«
doubtful whether there is power to abolish sla-
very by anamendment to the Constitution; though
it may be oppressive and unjust to a particular
State, yet if not done now an extra session will
be called and the measure consummated; Whether
right or wrong it will be done after a>«ime, and
why retard it? Sir, you have to reflect but fori
moment to see where that argument will lead. It
will justify lawlessness, bloodshed, violence, and
every outrage known to the catalogue of crime.
Sir, with every fair-minded and conscientious
man the question is, whether the measure is right,
just, and constitutional.
The ground taken by another Democratic gen-
tleman from New York [Mr: Odell] in justifica-
tion of his course, was that the question of bo
amending the Constitution as to abolish slavery
was considered in the Baltimore Convention and
incorporated into its platform; and that in the
election of Mr. Lincoln, the nominee of thatCon-
vention, the people of the United-States had de-
clared in favor of the abolition of slavery. But
if the gentleman is sustained by that considera-
tion, it must be on the ground that a majority of
his district voted for Mr. Lincoln, and sustained
him on the platform for the abolition of slavery
by an amendment to the Constitution. But, sir,
the very reason that would sustain that gentle-
man in voting for this resolution would crush
others, and among them my colleague, [Mr. Yea-
man.]
Now, sir, in the second congressional district
of Kentucky, represented by my colleague, [Mr.
Yeaman,] the majority against this measure,
against President Lincoln and the abolition pol-
icy of his Administration, was four thousand six
hundred and fifteen. How, then, does my col-
league from the second district feel himself justi-
fied in coming out in favor of this amendment to
the Constitution abolishing slavery upon the
ground assumed by the gentleman from New
York? The people of his district have by a ma-
jority vote of four thousand six hundred and fif-
teen decided against it; how, then, can he vote
for it?
And another of my colleagues, [Mr. Smith,]
from the sixth district, has come out in favor of
this amendment, although the people of his dis-
trict in the late presidential election decided against
it and against Mr. Lincoln by a majority of two
thousand five hundred and thirty-seven votes.
That gentleman, in a speech in this House a short
time since, in substance remarked that " he was
not to be held responsible for opinions which he
held and advocated some time ago." Certainly
not. Who ever thought of holding that gentle-
man responsible for his past opinions? Most
unquestionably I never did. Has anybody been
deceived or mistaken in him? I have not. If
some gentlemen were not to turn around and
change their front, I should be mistaken. Not
at all, therefore, do I hold the gentleman respon-
sible for his past opinions. It is just what I should
expect of him; and 1 should have been deceived
if he had not changed.
And then, the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Rollins,] after telling us that he was born in the
good old land of Kentucky, and reared under the
teachings of her Clays and Crittendens, comes out
and volunteers his advice to Kentuekians; and
very patronizingly asks us to imitate his changing
example.
That I may do the gentleman no injustice, I beg
leave to read a few extracts from his speech, set-
ting forth his changes and his recantations. He
says in that speech:
" It will never do, in the day of civil war and revolution,
to be justifying one's selt for inconsistency. Men change
every (i.iy. Head the inaugural address of President Lin-
coln ; read ttie diplomatic correspondence of the distin-
guished Secretary of State ; read your own speeches oftwo
or three years back, and you will see how changes have
taken pt.iee. Read my speeches, and you will find—me
preaching a short time a«o one doctrine, and now preach-
ing another. I am proud thatamanhastheiigiittochange."
Yes, sir; a short time ago preaching one doc-
trine, and now preaching another: " driven to and
fro by every wind of doctrine; ever learning, and
never able to come to the truth; trying all things,
