750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
appropriations which you must make in order to
Carry on the war? Why, it is nothing; it is but
a drop in the bucket. But if there was a fire there
to-morrow the United States would lose more in
money or in money's worth than the whole
amount of this appropriation; and yet my friend
from New Hampshire says that notwithstanding
that, we have no moral right to vote this appro-
priation.
It is a question therefore of economy, practical
economy. Suppose this building was leaking and
was going to ruin, and we found out that it could
not be arrested except by an expenditure of
$200,000, would not the honorable member vote
It? And if he would, why would he vote it? Be-
cause not to vote it would inflict upon the country
a larger pecuniary loss than to vote it. The prin-
ciple is precisely the same. Here is the Library
going to ruin, liable to be destroyed at any mo-
ment, and while it exists, if it should not be de-
stroyed, almost practically valueless*in relation
to a vast variety of publications which are inval-
uable. It is true that, if the safety of the nation
depended upon a refusal to make this appropri-
ation, there could be but one opinion in the Sen-
ate, that the Library ought to go, and the nation
be saved; but we are reduced to a sad condition
if the safety of the nation is endangered by an ap-
propriation necessary to take care of our own
property.
Mr. HALE. ThisargumcntofthcSenatorfrom
Maryland would virtually destroy all idea of
economy, and we would vote away treasure in
an indefinite amount by the question, "What is
$160,000? Nothing." Well, sir, double it; and
what is $320,000? "Nothing." Let us come to
that, and you may go on making appropriations
until you are sunk in the vortex of bankruptcy.
Sir, I do not call this a small appropriation; I
do not call this one of the small leaks; this is not
one of those leaks made by the little foxes that
steal into the garden; tins is a gigantic appropri-
ation of $160,000, under the pretense that it is to
protect the Library. Let me call the attention of
the Senate to a fact. Some years ago—1 do not
remember how long since; I was a member of the
Senate, however—the Library was burned. It
was then constructed of wood. It was repaired,
and repaired on the idea that it was to be made
fire-proof, and I believe it is.
Mr. COLLAMER. That part of it is.
Mr. HALE. That is the main part.
Mr. COLLAMER. It does not contain half
the books.
ftlr. HALE. I do not know that it does; but
when Senators spoke of destroying the Library,
I thought they meant what I call " the Library;"
but it seems that is not the Library; that the
Library is where some private books are stored
away in some little select corners where literary
valetudinarians go for the purpose of amusing
themselves at the public expense. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, we fiavegot to begin somewhere
and stop making these appropriations while there
are sucli calls made upon us for the expenses of
the Army and the Navy, if we do not say that
$160,000 is some thing, what will be the sum which
the magnificent Senator from Maryland will con-
sent to say is something? One hundred and sixty
thousand dollars! Pooh; that is nothing; a mere
flash m the pan, mere pocket money; it is not
worthy the consideiation of statesmen; it is not
worthy of those who regard the'f reasury ! Would
twice that bo anything? JMo, sir; 1 doubt even
that jj320,000 would he considered anything. Sup-
pose it was $1,000,000; what is $1,000,000 to a
nation that is spending §1,000,000,000 a year?
Nothing; nothing.
Sir, let me tell you an anecdote, very illustra-
tive, 1 think. A very distinguished gentleman,
whose name 1 will not mention, was sick upon
{us death-bed, and the physician came in and told
the duughtei, who was with the father, that he
could not probably survive many hours. Her
countenance sunk at once; and her father saw that
there had been some communication made to her.
Said he, "My dear, what did the doctor say?"
" Oh, nothing; nothing." " Well," said the gen-
tleman, '• my dear, will you be so kind as to tell
me precisely what the doctor says when he says
nothing?" [Laughter.] Sir, 1 should like to know
what would be tiie sum to which the honorable
Senator from Maryland would cease to apply the
term "nothing, nothing." One hundred and
sixty thousand dollars before this war commenced
would pay the whole of the expenses of the State
of New Hampshire, civil, judicial, military, and
naval, for at least three years; and yet it is " noth-
ing!"
1 do not wantto repeat what I have before said;
but 1 confers I cannot see where we shall com-
mence economy or retrenchment if we are not
going to stop here, if we are going to expend this
sum on the ornamenting of the Library, for it is
nothing else. It will be a little more comfortable,
I know. Possibly if this appropriation passes,
some gentlemen will lounge away a few hours
there that they now have to spend in their rooms;
but this is not an appropriation that I think is
justified by the present condition of theTreasury.
Mr. SUMNER. I certainly agree with the
Senator from New Hampshire that $160,000, at
this time, is a considerable appropriation. I do
not call it " nothing;" it is much; and ought not
to be made, certainly, without good cause, es-
pecially when, as the Senator has reminded us,
there are soldiers unpaid. But the Senator will
pardon me when I say that while I agree with
him in recognizing that the sum is considerable,
I do not agree with him in his conclusion; and I
think his own speech actually showed the neces-
sity for this appropriation, f he Senator avowed
that he only knew the Library as it was restored
some ten or twelve years ago, which he called
" the Library." He knew nothing at all of the
other rooms attached to it and of the books there.
He counted those out. Now, as I understand it,
it is for those books and their accommodation that
this appropriation is proposed to be made.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the Senator will allow
me, we have more volumes, and probably of more
value, stored in the lobbies and passages around
that Library than there are in the Library—con-
siderably more.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senator from
Vermont is right, and he speaks of course with
full knowledge of the subject. The books that
the Senator from New Hampshire takes no no-
tice of, in point of fact are the most valuable part
of the Library. They give to it Us special, and
perhaps I may say its transcendent, value at this
moment among the libraries of the country; and
the question is, whether those books shall be
used, or will you leave them where even the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire will not find them?
The Senator is not unacquainted with this edifice;
and yet he knows nothing of the larger part of
the Library which is under its extensive roof.
Sir, it is not creditable to the Government that
so large a part of that Library should be left in
that condition. If it is worth while to obtain the
books, so valuable, as the Senator fiom Mary-
land has justly said they are, it h certainly of
importance that they should be properly taken
care of. What is the use of having them if they
are not in a condition in which they can he used ?
Tliey must be made accessible; they must be put
upon shelves, he arranged, systematized, and in
certain order. If that is not done, you might as
well have them packed in the crypts of the Capi-
tol below.
Mr. WILSON. 1 should like to ask my col-
league how long they have been in that condi-
tion ?
Mr. SUMNER. They have been accumulat-
ing now for some years. It was in 1852 that the
change was made, and the large room known as
the fire-proof room, to winch the Senator from
New Hampshire has alluded, was built; and those
books have been accumulating from that lime to
this; first piled away in one small room at one
side, and then in another on another side; and so
room after room has been taken into the circle of
the Library, filled np wilh books, unarranged, so
that they are practically inaccessible except to
the Librarian himself, and he must find very great
difficulty in going to them.
I said, when i was interrupted, that it was not
creditable to the Government that so important a
collection of books should be left in such a condi-
tion. Tins Library is one of the chief ornaments
of the national Capitol. I need not remind you
that perhaps in the whole world there is not an
edifice more complete m ali respects than this very
national Capitol, unsurpassed as it is in rnagrnfi-
ence, and also in convenience. One of its best
treasures is that very Library ; but if you leave it
in its present neglected condition, with the books
unarranged and inaccessible, it will not bring the
results which such a treasure ought to bring.
Mr. TEN- EYCK. I would not assume the
position of undertaking to question the conduct
of any former Committee on the Library of this
body, or the action of Congress in former years
upon this subject; but I cannot fail to entertain
the common-sense view of the matter, (at least so
it seems to me,) that if this Library is in such an
imminent state of peril, it is singular we should
have been for the last fourteen years making an-
nual appropriations for the purchase of these very
valuaole books, (and no one disputes that they
are so,) with 110 suitable place in which to put
them but to consign them to passages and alley-
ways and rooms liable to be destroyed atany day,
or any hour of any day. We have been going on
now, as it appears, for the last fourteen years,
making annual appropriations to the amount of
thousands of dollars for the Library, until we
have acquired property of this description of more
than one hundred and sixty thousand dollars in
value, perhaps double that amount; and all this
property has been suffered to lie for the last foui-
teen years in a place which the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has described as being almost like the
crypt of the Capitol. There they have remained,
inaccessible except to the Libturian and a few
other persons, subject to the destruction which
might befall them at any moment; and now we
have suddenly awakened to the peril in which
they are, and weare called uponatthis particular
moment of extreme national difficulty, so far as
the finances are concerned, to appropriate this
large sum of money. Ceitainly, if our conduct
to-day in opposing this amendment is indefensi-
ble, the action of former committees and of former
Congresses is subject to exception and criticism
on account of the vast expenditure of money for
the procurementof such books, and the exposure
of those books in the way which has been de-
scribed.
Although I think the Senator from New Hamp-
shire has most completely and satisfactorily re-
plied to the suggestion of the Senator from Mary-
land, I wish to relieve myself from the sublimely
lidjculous position in which the Senator from
Maryland would seek to place us by giving a
construction to our opposition of this character:
that we here declare the condition of the Treas-
ury to be such that an increased expenditure of
$160,000 at this hour will produce national bank-
ruptcy, and will deprive us of the power of con-
tinuing our armies m the field. I think that was
an unfair and unjust construction to be placed
upon our opposition to this measure. There is
an old Scotch saying that many mickles make a
muclde. It is not the $160,000 now asked to be
appropriated, but it is the one thousand times
$160,000 multiplied that we are called upon to
appropriate for this, that, and the other purpose,
very few of them commending themselves so
highly to the consideration of all thoughtful and
reflecting men as this does, that place us in this
extreme posture of necessity, and which require
us to be cautious at least in making additional
appropriations.
Now, 1 admit that every hour these books re-
main in this position they are subject to the in-
creased liability of Ioss;and 1 have the fact flashing
upon my mind by remembering the lighted dome
of the Smithsonian Institute. It biings itto my
vision and to my consciousness. Yet still I can-
not but remember, as I had occasion to say, that
we have got gallant armies in the field,and with-
out any impeachment of the patriotism of the men
constituting those armies, unless we do set our-
selves to work to supply them with the necessary
means of keeping life in their bodies, and in the
bodies of their wives and children at home, those
armies must dwindle as a matter of necessity; and
not only the Library, and the valuable books which
are stowed in the passage-ways of the Capitol,
but this splendid edifice itself, and this Union,
may fall beneath the influences of this rebellion,
because we have not the resources which are re-
quisite in order to keep all these things m move-
ment.
I may be entirely in error in the view which I
take. It may he an entirely too contracted one.
1 am led to doubt the correctness of my view
when gentlemen of so much respectability and
sagacity as those I see before me [Mr. Collameu
and Mr. Johnson] recommend a measure of this
