1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
751
kind; and yet the stubborn, severe fact stares me
in the face that we must keep our armies full; we
must supply fighting1 men who are in the field
with the necessary means to sustain life; and if that
be in peril at this moment,and in consequence of
that the Union may be in peril, I must withhold
my vote from the appropriation of these large
sums of money to other purposes. I do not be-
lieve that the appropriation of $160,000 for this
purpose by itself would interfere with the exist-
ence of this Government, either to shorten its
life or to lengthen it; but I believe that with other
appropriations directed to other purposes and not
to the vital one, it may end in overtaxing the
brains of the men who are now busily at work in
endeavoring to find the ways and means to carry
on this war, and when their brains fail then the
cause I nm afraid will also fail.
Mr. GRIMES. I will suggest to the Senator
from New Jersey that perhaps this amendment
may be the natural result of one we have already
adopted from the Committee on the Library. If
I am not misinformed, the regular annual amount
usually appropriated for the increase of the Li-
brary is $5,000; but we have by an amendment
proposed by the Senator from Vermont, the chair-
man of the Committee on the Library, increased
that amount from $5,000 to $8,000, and if we are
going to continue increasing the Library in a
greater proportion in these times than we have
been in the habit of increasing it, the enlargement
may be the natural result of that increase.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I shall vote for
this appropriation with a great deal of pleasure—,
not because I consider it a small sum; not because,
as I hope, I shut my eyes to the condition of
the country, and especially to the wants of the
Army; but I shall vote for it as a necessity. I
believe it to be a necessity in the strict sense, and
I believe it is more a necessity now than it ever
was before. I believe that if we had had libra-
ries of books like this spread over the country
this rebellion would have been prevented. It had
its origin in the ignorance of the people. I may
perhaps speak unadvisedly in saying it had its
origin in the ignorance of the people; it may not
have had its origin in their ignorance; it has had
its support and its success because of the ignor-
ance of the people. Men, not ignorant, but de-
praved and ambitious, set the rebellion on foot,
and have been enabled, in consequence of the
cloudsof ignorance which overspread certain parts
of our land, to prosecute the rebellion thus far with
the success it has attained. Ignorance is the bane
of the Republic. We need enlightenment. The
public mind once thoroughly enlightened, ignor-
ance dispelled from among us, and a rebellion of
the desci iption now raging will be in this country
an impossibility.
As regards the debts due to our soldiers, and
their necessities, I hope I feel as strongly as any
member of this body, and would go as far to pay
and lelieve them. I think I may be entitled to
speak for the soldiers from my own State, and to
say that I do not believe there is a native soldier
in the Aimy from the State of Connecticut who
would not cheerfully, so far as his pay is con-
cerned, make the deduction that would be his full
proportion of that scanty pittance, in order that
this appropriation might be made. Sir, I believe
that we can do the country, the cause of liberty
and humanity, no greater seivice than to make
this appiopi idtion. Let us diffuse light and
knowledge among the people.
Mr.COLLAMER. The condition of our Army,
the condition of our finances, and the necessities
which our circumstances create, furnish at least
very grand subjects of declamation. I did not
suppose when, piessed by the necessities of our
Library, I asked for this appropriation, that I
was to be either directly or obliquely accused of
trying to take away money necessaiy to pay the
soldiers what we owe them. It is more than in-
timated that that is the purpose of this amend
merit; at any rate, that that is to be its effect.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Oh, no.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then why all this dec-
lamation about it? If that is not Us purpose and
object, why drag it in? It amounts to this: we
cannot make an appropriation, whatever may be
the necessities, however great may be the want
of the thing, because we want money entirely for
the Army; and then comeup beautiful specimens
of eloquence, senthome, I take it, for the purpose
of satisfying the people that certain persons are
peculiarly the patriotic men of the country, who
take care of the soldiers, and other men do not
mean to take care of them, but to fritter away the
money of the Governmentforother purposes. If
that is not directly argued, it is more than inti-
mated. Now, sir, there is no purpose of that
kind entertained by anybody, nor is such a con-
sequence necessary from the amendment.
Another argument, if it may be called one, and
from the source from which it comes it is entitled
to be treated as such, is to blame the committee
because they have asked for $8,000 instead of
$5,000, the old standing appropriation for procur-
ing books, because, when they get so many more,
they will want so much more room to put them
in; that the proposition is to increase their wants.
I suppose thatquestion should beargued with the
gravity with wnich it is presented. Does not that
gentleman, and every other man of common sense,
know that $8,000 now will notbuyas many books
as $5,000 did before the war? Five thousand dol-
lars has been the standing appropriation since
1853. Do we not know that many of these books
are brought from Europe, and the rate of ex-
change is such that we cannot get one half as many
as before for the same money ? I did not propose
to buy any more books; and yet the question is
argued as if we were pressing a proposition to in-
crease the amount of books we are buying. It
is no such thing. We cannot now buy with
$10,000 the books that seven years ago we could
have bought for $5,000. it is not a proposition
to increase the amount of appropriation for books.
It is that we may be enabled to go on with the
series of books which are in process of publi-
cation in Europe and this country, for which we
have become subscribers. The great body of the
books are to make up those series; and we can-
not make them up and cannotgetalongunlcss we
increase that appropriation; we cannotobtam the
books we have heretofore received. Itisnoprop-
osition, as is represented here, to increase the
amount of our difficulties by increasing ourbooks
or anything of that kind. A large part of the
hooks we receive are by way of exchange, and
many of them, some of the most valuable we
have, are donations. Take the parliamentary
documents that are found in one room. I think
there are about seven hundred volumes. They
are there piled up on the floor, and in dark pas-
sages; the most valuable books there are on the
face of the earth. That is our condition.
But why has it been so? The honorable Sen-
ator from New Jersey seems to think that the
Committee on the Library have been too extrav-
agant; that they ought not to get so many books;
that they should not have got them at all. That
is a new complaint. I can say that after 1853,
when the fire-proof Library was reconstructed,
we got in there not only what books wehad then,
but we went on for several years filling that up,
from 1853 to 1856, I think. Then we began to
be crowded for room. Since that time they have
been accumulating in the passage ways, m the
side rooms, and in out of the way places, where-
ever they could find storage room, and upon the
floor. We have received books as donations and
exchanges from the British Government, and
from other Governments; as valuable books as
there are to be found in the world. We have not
been even buying this amount of books. We
have not bought more than about half of them.
We have received them in the various manners
I have suggested.
Then again complaint is made because we ask
the appropriation at this time. Sir, we have
been pressed with this thing about the Library
for a long time, and we have delayed bringing it
forward forfour yeaisin consequenceof this war,
hoping that it would soon come to an end, and
we should not have to keep our books exposed
much longer. We deferred asking for it until
we are so pressed by this condition of things that
we think it unsafe any longer to leave the Library
in its present condition; and the question is,
whether we shall take any measures to secure the
property we have. If gentlemen say that cannot
be done, there is the end of it; 1 must submit, of
course, to that.
The Secretaiy proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. POWELL (when his name was called)
said: I am paired off on this question with the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.]
Were I not paired i should vote for the amend-
ment, and the Senator from New Hampshire
would vote against it.
The result wag then announced—yeas 20, nays
14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Collamer, Conness,
Cowan, Davis, Foster, Harris. Henderson, Howard, Howe,
Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Morrill, Nye, Riddle, Sauls-
bury, Sumner, Trumbull, and Willey—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Dixon, Grimes, Harlan,Lane of Kansas,
Morgan, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,
Ten Eyck, Wade, Wilkinson and Wilson—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Carliie, Chand-
ler, Dooliule, Parwell, Foot, Hale, Harding, Hendricks,
Hicks, McDougall, NesmitU, Powell, Richardson, Van
Winkle, and Wright—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to offer another amendment, to
continue the operation of an existing law one year
longer. It is to add as a new section:
vJmi be U further enacted, That the provisions of the act
approved April 29, 1864, increasing the compensation of
inspectors of customs in certain ports be extended to July
1, 1866.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the title of the
bill was amended by adding the words u and
additional appropriations for the current fiscal
year."
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the following Senate bill
and joint resolution:
A bill (S. No. 281) for the relief of Alexander
J. Atocha.
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 91) appointing
General Richard Delafield to be a regent of the
Smithsonian Institution.
COLLECTORS AND SURVEYORS OF CUSTOMS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senate to post-
pone all prior orders and take up a bill that ought
to be acted upon. It is House bill No. 705, for
the relief of collectors and surveyors of the cus-
toms in certain cases. I feel very sure it will not
give rise to debate.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, aa
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury in all cases in which any collector or
surveyor of the customs has paid, or accounted
for, or is charged with duties accruing under the
" joint resolution to increase temporarily the du-
ties on imports,"approved April 29,1864, and in
which he shall be satisfied that the collection of
the duties was omitted by such collector or sur-
veyor for the reason that he was not informed of
the passage of that resolution when the duties ac-
crued, under such rules as he may prescribe, to
remit or refund, as the case may require, such
duties to such collector or surveyor.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to have the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance explain this
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill explains itself.
Congress at the last session increased the duties
on imports, and the law took effect on the day of
its passage. In two or three remote ports, one
of which is Mackinaw, I believe, they had no no-
tice of the fact of the passage of the resolution
until the law took effect, and collected the old rates
of duties. It is simply to give relief to the col-
lectors in such cases under such regulations as
may be prescribed by the Secretary.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to hear what the
relief is. 1 did not hear the bill read.
Mr. SHERMAN. It had better be read over
again. If the Senator will hear the bill read, he
will find there can be no objection to it.
The Secretary again read the bill.
Mr. HOW E. 1 do not now understand whether
the bill is intended to act retrospectively alone*
or generally.
Mr. SHERMAN. Retrospectively alone, and
applies only to the increase made by that joint
resolution. The joint resolution took effect on
the 29th of April, and in some of the remote poi ts
they did not know of the increase of duties.
Mr. HOWE. 1 understand what the difficul-
