60
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7,
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Policy of the Administration—Mr. Long.
Ho. of Reps.
and ferocious savages of the desert. Alas! how
degenerate, is such Christianity—how unutter-
ably crucl and venomous the spirit in which it is
conceived! Starlding here in my place, and with
all the responsibility of my position, I should
consider myself unworthy of self-respect, and
false and recreant to all the injunctions of civili-
zation, if I did not say that from the noisome
pool of total depravity there never issued a spirit
so awfully and irredeemably wicked. Extermin-
ation for such a cause—I was almost tempted to
say for any cause—is an expression that is not
only disgraceful to an American citizen, but it
would have been a stigma and a shame in the days
of Alaric, Attila, and Saladin, Not only would
Christianity shrink from it in unutterable horror,
but even Mohammedanism and Paganism would
blush to own its paternity. If this is the net
result of our Sabbath-school teachings and reli-
gious instructions for two hundred years in these
United States, we might as well confess that the
light of the gospel has not yet reached our shores,
and we will have to wait until pagan but converted
Christian India sends her missionaries from the
banks of the Ganges and from Ilindostan to con-
vert us as proud and imperial but pagan Rome
received the cross from the barbarians of north-
ern Europe. It is no wonder that this cry for
extermination is regarded with mingled horror and
amazement in Europe and throughout Christen-
dom, and that judging us by such an idea, they
regard us either as a nation of lunatics or hard-
ened criminals.
Happily,Mr. Chairman,it is impossible. The
providcncc of God never has and never will allow
such an act of ferocious vengeance.
But, Mr. Chairman, I turn from the contem-
plation of this most inhuman and barbarous de-
mand for extermination to takp a brief view of
the financial condition of the country.
One of the most interesting subjects connected
with the war is our national debt. There is noth-
ing like it in all history; nothing superior to it
in amount; nothing equal to it in the rapidity
of its creation, and nothing to be compared to it
in the lie which it gives to the loud boasting and
vaunting which are constantly hoard. We boast,
or rather the war party boasts of its disposition
to give tiie last dollar and the last man to the
Juggernaut of blood that it worships. But what
do they do? They hardly give the first dollar.
JNot one fifth of the expenses of the war have been
paid as it progressed. The other four fifths
have been coolly shoved o*T on posterity. Yes,
sir, I repeat: the men who boasungly proclaim
their willingness to give the last dollar, now in
the heat of the war fever, have never proposed to
pay more than one dollar in five. If they, with
feelings and passions so strongly enlisted, only
pay one fifth, how will posterity, cool and unim-
passioncd posterity, regard the four fifths? What
will capitalists think of the sincerity of their prom-
ise, and of the probability of its future redemp-
tion? Will they invest, under the belief that the
coming generation will pay four fifths to redeem
such piomise and save the honor of their ances-
tors ? Recurring to the manner in winch it was
contracted, and remembering the facility with
which their ancestors enacted a bankrupt law at
the time of its contraction, they may say that
those who contracted the debt refused to pay
their proper share of it, and be tempted to repu-
diate the whole.
[Here the hammer fell,]
Mr. STILES. I ask that the gentleman have
the unanimous consent of the House to conclude
his speech.
No objection was made.
Mr. LONG. England , in her tremendous wars
with Napoleon and the greater part of continental
Europe, •which for long years was arrayed on his
side, and when her expenses went up to seven
hundred million a year, paid one half of the war
expenses as she went along. This was an evi-
dence that they were not willing to seek the tem-
porary profits which the war gave and then cast
the gieat burden of the expenses upon posterity.
It was an earnest of the la&tilollar from which our
war patiioty have recoiled. It took Great Britain
eight hundred years to run upadebtless in amount
and at a rale of interest not, one half as great as
that we have incurred ill f$rce and a half years.
These eight hundred years reach from William
the Conqueror to Victoria. They embrace all her
wars of conquest and defense. In them are in-
cluded the glories of the Edwards and the Hen-
ries, of Elizabeth, of Cromwell, of William, of
Anne, and the Georges. They call to mind the
memories of Agincourtand Cressy, of Blenheim
and Waterloo, of Marlborough and Wellington.
They embrace the gigantic wars with France,
when she was four times_conquered, and when
her towns were held for years by English garri-
sons. They include the repulse of the Spanish
Armada, the terrible civil war of Ciomwell, and
the gigantic expenses of her combat with the
French Revolution, which alone lasted more than
a quarter of a century, and during which she had
under her pay and subsidy the hordes of Rus-
sians, Austrians, Prussians, and Germans, that
twice dethroned Napoleon and twice marched to
Paris, They include her seven years'warof co-
ercion upon America for the subjugation of the
seceded colonies; and they include the acquisition
of a territory in all parts of the globe so immense
that upon it the sun never sets. Yes, all this cost
less than our three and a half years' miserable,
sectional war.
We have been taught to regard the British Gov-
ernment as corrupt and expensive. It has had at
its head, and in its councils, many of the most
corrupt and dishonest men the world has ever
known, and yet, with all its corruption and profli-
gacy, England to-day has a debt less in amount
than the audited and unaudited debt, including
the contingent war claims, that has already been
incurred by this Administration in the prosecu-
tion of the war. A few more facts in illustration.
The wealth of Great Britain is thirty-two thou-
sand million dollars, that of the so-called loyal
States, eleven thousand million dollars. Our debt
is the largest, and its interest is twice as great,
and yet, Great Britain has three times as much
property to be assessed for taxation as the United
States. The standing armies of Europe to-day
are four and a half million men, which is about
equal to the whole number of male adults in the
United States, and yet the cost of maintaining
these almost fabulous armaments is not half as
groat as that of the United States. Europe has the
accumulated wealth of centuries, she has her two
hundred and fifty million people, and she main-
tains five or six times as many soldiers in the
field as we do, at half the expense—I mean at half
the expense that we have promised to pay, for not
a dollar of it has yet been paid. If Europe is
oppressed and ground to the earth with her war
expenses, what would be ourcondition under the
actual money system? I do not suppose, Mr.
Chairman, that one half, probably not one third,
of this debt has been incurred 111 the legitimate
prosecution of the war. The evidences of the debt
are not in the pay of the soldiers, who get less
than their exposures entitle them to receive, but
are to be seen in the marble palaces, in the lux-
urious equipages that dazzle so resplendently
around the persons of the Government contract-
ors; there is where the money has gone which
we have promised to pay, and upon which prom-
ises they have realized; you will find it accounted
for in part in the repoits and speeches of the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.] Traces of it may be seen iri the affair of
the Cataline, the Opdyke trial, and in other disclos-
ures of a similar character. The substantial rea-
son why Great Britian paid one half of her war
expenses as they were incurred, while we pay
little or nothing, is because the class of persons
to whom the debt in England was owing sat in
Parliament and voted the taxes; in our country,
on the contrary, it is those who have to assist in
paying the debt that have the privilege of enact-
ing the laws. Beyond this, and therefore con-
nected with the payment of this huge incubus,
lies the specter of a despotical government, with
its aristocracy and its standing army, indispen-
sable auxiliaries in the work.
At the last session, Mr. Chairman, I had the
misfortune to fall under the censure of this House,
and under the most terrible maledictions outside
of it, for expressing my belief, sad and unpala- I
table as it was to me, that the Constitution and I
the Union would not, in all human probability, -
either of them, survive this mad and ruinous war. ;
What has since happened has notbeen of a char-
acter to cause me to take a mote cheering view of
the future. Who will say that we are now living
under a Government with a written Constitution?
What provision of it is there that has not been
disregarded and setaside? Of what avail has been
your Bill of Rights, and which was made a condi-
tion of accession to the Union by the States for
the last three years? Where laws, organic or
statute, are thus set at defiance and utterly disre-
garded, they are seldom or never afterward re-
spected. Hear for a moment the utterances of the
leading editois and orators of the Administration
party in regard to our once venerated Constitu-
tion. See the contempt and bitterness with which
the most influential organs of publicopinion now
speak of it.
As for the people, or rather a large portion of
them, it is remarkable how complacently they
have acquiesced in the overthrow of a Govern-
ment that was believed to be universally popular.
Engaged in the pursuit of wealth and material
pleasures, they have apparently taken but little
inteiest in the question, content even to accept a
despotism that did not prohibit their sacrifices at
the footstool of mammon. Their only idea has
been to preserve the territory, the land of the Re-
public intact; and if that was effected, the form
and nature of the Government over it was a sec-
ondary consideration. There is and has been a
strange theory afloat that it was better to have an
extended territory of vast dimensions, if it was a
despotism, than a smaller country if it was a
Republic. They did not think of spending a dol-
lar or sacrificing a man to maintain free institu-
tions, but they proposed to spend the last dollar,
and sacrifice the Ia3t man, in order to prevent our
map from being curtailed or diminished.
This passion for extended territory is one of
the most vulgar, ignoble, and unworthy that ever
afflicted a nation. Countries that are influenced
by a true spirit and an elevated policy look more
to the improvement of the territory they have,
and which willingly submits to their jurisdiction,
than to its expansion, more to the liberty and
well-being of the people who inhabit it than to
foreign conquestand dominion. This idea of ex-
pansion, acquisition, and dominion has been stu-
diously inculcated by a peculiar and most bom-
bastic literature—our Fourth of July orations.
For a long series of years the sum and substance
of these orations has been a eulogy upon our
immense territory, and all sorts of extravagant
figures of speech were used to indicate that it
extended from the Lakes to the Gulf, and from
ocean to ocean. Thus was the pride of national
domination fostered that has since broken out in
this fearful and horrible war. Had more been
said in our speeches, our orations, and our news-
papers about habeas corpus, the right of trial by
jury, and other guarantees of personal liberty, of
representative government, and the rights, sov-
ereignty, and independence of the States, as the
only security forpersonal liberty; had the people
been educated in these great principles, purchased
by the blood of our fathers, the present humiliat-
ing and deplorable disaster would not have over-
taken us.
Another of the worst signs of the times is the
national admiration for military glory and graiir
dcur, to be won by any means and at all sacii-
fices, the very idea that has caused the destruction
of republics. France would probably have pre-
served her free constitution for a considerable
period, had she not, in repelling the attacks of
Europe upon it, been led astray by the dazzling
butgory and emptyphantom of military success.
It was followed o\er millions of corpses and over -
generations of Frenchmen, until from very ex-
haustion the country fell back into the lethargy
of despotism. Republics in all ages have been
subverted under the war power. The ermine of
the judge and the person of the legislator are help-
less against the bayonets of the successful soldier
who is sustained by this miserable popular delu-
sion of military glory-—some Alexander, some
Julius Cfesar, and some Napoleon, lias always
stamped out with his iron heel the breath of pop-
ular liberty. There is still another melancholy
delusion worthy of a passing notice—it is that
men were made for government and not govern-
ment for men. Anacharsis Clootz, a fanatical
