18G5.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
38th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Beform of the Indian System—Mr. Donnelly.
Ho. of Reps.
Prussian baron, (luring the French Revolution,
appeared before the National Assembly at the
head of an embassy, and declared that an estab-
lishment of the French Republic would be cheaply
purchased by the sacrifice of the whole human
race.
Rev. Dr. Breckinridge, the President of the
Convention that renominated Mr. Lincoln, de-
clared in a political speech in the city in which
I reside, his willingness to see this magnificent
country all depopulated back to the original set-
tlements of Jamestown and Plymouth rather than
have two confederated republics where there is
now but one. This is supreme lunacy, and only
worthy of a lunatic asylum. Governments are
instituted to promote the happiness of men, and
they should be subverted when they fail in that
end. With a large class of our people the word
government implies some huge idol, to which
the lives and fortunes of the people are to be sac-
rificed, and for which, work as it is of human
hands, rivers of blood are to flow. We who are
unable to agree upon a proper form of govern-
ment for ourselves, presumptuously affirm that
we will manufacture one for our children, as, if
we did, they would be likely, judging from the
manner in which we have treated the legacy left
us by our fathers, long to respect it.
What, then, of the future—the grim, gaunt
specter of the future, as it is foreshadowed by the
present? We have an immense standing Army;
we have avast national debt; we have an utterly
irresponsible Executive, governed by the inclina-
tion of his own will; we have a judiciary sub-
servient to arbitrary power, and unable to enforce
obedience to its decrees if it were free to do so.
We have corruption and profligacy of morals and
manners, such as modern times have never before
witnessed. We have a worldly and perverted
church, and false teachers of religion. Look where
we will, we see general demoralization of society,
and while we are breaking link by link in the
chain that bound the States together, and so chan-
ging the Constitution of our fathers as to preclude
all possibility of reunion, alienating the people,
decimating their numbers, crushing their hopes,
and grinding them to the earth with debt, drafts,
and taxation, European Powers are setting the
Monroe doctrine at defiance, parceling out the
continent, and preparing to recognize the confed-
eracy. Is it out of such materials and in the midst
of such surroundings that gentlemen expect to
erect anew the arch of a reconstructed Union and
a violated Constitution ? No artificers, Mr. Chair-
man, are equal to the task. The Union of 1789 is
tone, never to be restored. If we who yet claim to
e under the forms of the Constitution would save
anything from the political and social wreck; if
we desire even to make an effort to again recover
our lost condition, we must abandon the war,
recognize the sovereignty and separate independ-
ence of the States and their right of self-govern-
ment, and then begin the work of reorganization
anew in a spirit of mutual compromise and conces-
sion, such as was displayed by our fathers when
they met in the memorable Convention of 1787.
Mr. Chairman, this may be the last time I shall
raise my voice in debate within these walls; per-
haps the last time that I may deem it expedient
to give my views upon the awful drama through
which we are passing. In taking leave of this
Capitol I may be pardoned if, in glancing back at
the past, I say that there is no part of my polit-
ical life that 1 look back to with more pride, no,
notpride, but satisfaction, than the efforts which
I have made, feeble though they be, to arrest the
madness of the hour, and to avert the dark gloom
with which we are threatened. Entertaining
strong and earnest convictions, I have used lan-
guage conformable and proper to their expression.
Overwhelmed with the importance of the issue,
and oppressed with a sense of the national peril,
I have in the main discussed events and senti-
ments, and avoided all offensive allusions to those
I deemed the guilty actors in these tragic scenes.
In no instance am I aware of having infringed
upon the courtesy of debate and the dignity of
legislation, and I know that I have exercised no
right that did not devolve upon me as a Repre-
sentative. I have spoken sincerely, candidly,
and honestly, and if 1 have taken a dark and de-
spondent view of the future it would afford me
the greatest gratification to see all these daik
clouds dispelled, and to see a light beam upon the
picture that nowgives us promise of being inthe
horizon. I have no pride of opinion that would
interfere with a frank confession of erroneous
views, if, against my convictions, and against all
reason, and by what would be a special interpo-
sition of Providence, the policy of the Adminis-
tration should preserve the Union intact, and the
liberties of the people from being overthrown
im. y
REFOllM OP THE INDIAN SYSTEM,
SPEECH OF HON. I. DONNELLY,
OF MINNESOTA,
In the House of Representatives,
Februm-y 7, J 865.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union—
Mr. DONNELLY said:
Mr. Chairman: The condition of the Indian
tribes within the limits of the United States 13 a
matter of the first consequence to our Govern-
ment and people.
During the first half century after the forma-
tion of the Government the flow of population
on our continent was confined to a movement from
the Atlantic coast westwardly, and the process
of displacement of the aboriginal race was com-
paratively simple: the Indian receded as the white
man advanced. Latterly, however, new tides of
population have set in from the shores of the Pa-
cific, and the two mighty currents are now com-
mingling their waters amid the gold-bearing
ranges of the inferior. The emigrant from Min-
nesota meets in the field of Montana the miner
from Oregon and California. With the termina-
tion of our great war, now near its close, a migra-
tion will spring up of which the world has as yet
known no parallel; and in a few short years every
tract capable of settlement and cultivation will
pass into the occupancy of the white man.
What is to become of the Indian as the races
of the world thus draw together from the oppo-
site shores of the continent? Caught between the
upper and the nether millstones—now so remorse-
lessly approaching each other—what is to be
his fate ? The land that will not sustain the white
man will not sustain the Indian. The soil whose
grasses will not nourish the domestic cattle of
the herdsman will not support the buffalo. The
Indian must either be driven to starvation in the
sterile wastes or we must permit him to share
with us the lands capable of cultivation.
Let it not be said that the nation shall advance
in its career of greatness regardless of the de-
struction of the red man. There is room enough
in God'sworld for all the races He has created
to inhabit it. Thirty million white people can
certainly find space, somewhere on this broad
continent, for a third of a million of those who
originally possessed the whole of it. While we
are inviting to our shores the oppressed races of
mankind let us at least deal justly by those whose
rights here antedate our own by countless cen-
turies.
It is the destiny of the white man to overrun
the world; but itis as plainlyhis destiny to carry
in his train the great forces winch constitute his
superiority—civilization and Christianity. We
are exhibiting to-day the unequaled spectacle of
a superior race sharing its noblest privileges with
the humblest of mankind, and lifting up to the
condition of freedom and happiness those who
from the dawn of time have been either barbari-
ans or slaves.
" One touch of nature makes the whole world kin."
Let us then be merciful in our judgment of the
races of men. We know not to whose hands the
torch of civilization may yet be committed ere the
work of God through man is completed on the
Rice of the earth. It was little anticipated by th*e
great nations of antiquity that the religious mind
of the world would be dominated for centuries by
the intellect of an obscure branch of the Arab race.
If, then, it would be unworthy of us to con-
sider for one moment the alternative of the de-
struction of the Indians of the United States, let
us turn to the other aspect which the problem
presents us.
How shall the Indian—a nomad, a hunter, a
barbarian—compete on the same soil an<* under
the same circumstances in the great struggle for
life with the civilized white man?
Civilization means energy, industry,acuteness,
skill, and perseverance. Barbarism means in-
dolence, torpidity, ignorance, and irresolution.
How can the two be brought together and the
^inferior not fall at once a sacrifice to the rapacity
rof the superior? This is the problem before us.
The Government must interpose its merciful
protection between weakness and power. It is
doing so in the case of the black man; let it deal
as fairly by the red man. Withoutaction by this
Government, a thousand years would have left
the slave of the South still a slave. Under wise
and just laws he will swell at once the power of
the nation, increase its resources, and adorn it,
in time, with great names and honored services.
We cannot afford to be unjust to any portion of
mankind.
The Government must shield the Indian in his
time of helplessness, and must confer upon him
the advantages of civilization.
The depravity, the degradation, the decrease
in numbers of the Indians, are but nature's pro-
test against the inequality of the contest carried
on between them and the whites. In " the pro-
cess of natural selection" we have been rapidly
eliminating the weak and helpless savage.
What has been the treatment of the Indians
by our Government?
No sadder or more gloomy page presents itself
in all our annals. Error, neglect, and crime, are
written all over it.
Instead of regarding the Indians as savages-
helpless as brutes and improvident as children—
to be cared for and protected as the courts of law
protect idiots and minors; our great nation has
descended from the eminence of its Christianity
and civilization, and has entered into a struggle
to drive the best possible bargain with the savage
for his lands. The sight has been a sad one. On *
the one side one of the great Powers of the globe, -
of uuequaled wisdom, sagacity, and power, rep- ,
resented by shrewd and able agents; and on the I
other a parcel of poor, untutored savages, scarce
comprehending the transaction in which they are
engaged, unable to read or sign the " treaty"
they make, and living, while they negotiate, upon
the bounty of the very Government which pro-
fesses to meet them on terms of equality. It is
needy barbarism, pinched by a thousand wants,
competing with an affluent and all-powerful Gov-
ernment. What savage virtue can stand up
against the allurements which are spread before
it? Even should the tribe have judgment enough
to resist the terms proposed to them, are not the
chiefs purchasable? And that which blankets
and beads, guns and horses cannot effect, shall
not rum accomplish ? Should the chiefs sign and
the tribe resist, are they not savage outlaws, and
who shall write their history?
Here are the numbers of some of the tribes with
whom the Government has made such treaties:
the Pottawatomies of Huron number forty-five
members; the Munsees of Kansas number forty-
four members; the Stockbridges of Kansas num-
ber thirteen members.
Is it not a pitiable thought that our beloved
Government, instead of measuring out mercy
and kindness with a liberal hand to these poor,
benighted little communities, should descend to
make the best possible terms out of their miseries
and necessities?
And what are those terms? The amounts per
capita for these tribes are as follows: Pottawat-
omies of Huron, $8 88 per annum; Munsees of
Kansas, $9 00; Stockbridges of Kansas, §4 60.
With unlimited power in its hands to make its
own terms, this Christian Government of the
United States of America gives to each Stock-
bridge Indian of Kansas the sum of $4 60 every
year timtk lohich to civilize him, and is then shocked
to hear that he spends this miserable pittance in
depravity, and remains as wretched a savage as
ever ! It takes away his lands; it deprives him of
the means of support; it leaves him untrained and
uneducated; and it gives him $4 60 with which to
support himself and become an agriculturist!
Nor is this the strangest part of the perform-
ance. Until the treaty is concluded the Indian,
