1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
the account in the Assistant Treasurer's offieS for
that day balanced properly. Now, the §2,000 was
taken by somebody.
Mr. HALE. I beg the gentleman's pardon. I
think there is no evidence of that kind in the case.
My own opinion is that the clerk never counted
out the §2,000.
Mr. WILSON. There must have been some
disposition made of that $2,000, for this reason:
the paymaster endeavored to get a $36,500 check
for that $38,500. The Assistant Treasurer held
vouchers, in the form ofcliecks, for$38,500, given
by the paymaster; whereas, in fact, thepaymaster
received but $36,500. Consequently, the $2,000
ntust have disappeared somewhere. Otherwise,
the account of the Assistant Treasurer would not
have balanced for that day.
Mr. HALE. I cannot say how that is; but I
believe that the evidence is such as to satisfy any
reasonable mind that the money never was de-
livered in any form whatever to the paymaster.
Mr. WILSON. I think that is the case. 1
do not believe that this money was delivered to
the paymaster.
Mr. HALE. I think that none but the very
sharpest kind of a lawyer would maintain that
this money was delivered. It being a matter of
doubt whether this fhoney was delivered or not,
(and that is putting the case in the very best pos-
sible form for the Government,) then the ques-
' tion arises, whether it is fair that the Govern-
ment or the individual should lose the money,
the latter being a man of undoubted chaiacter.
I think that, taking the evidence as presented,
we cannot come to any other conclusion than
that there was no fault on the part of this man;
that the money never came into his hands; that
lie never had the possession or control of it; and
that, to hold him responsible for it would be
great injustice.
Mr. GANSON. I agree with the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] that, from the evidence
in this case, it is very clear that there were only
$36^00 delivered, and that the Government took
lor that amount a check for $38,500, holding this
man responsible for the full amount. Now, I
should like to ask, upon what principle of justice
■would the gentleman charge a man with $2,000,
when he is entirely satisfied that the man never
bad a cent of it? This check, in my view, was
retained wrongfully arid illegally. The repre-
sentative of the Government refused to make the
amount of the check correspond with the amount
actually delivered.
Mr. HALE. He had to take a receipt or get
no money. He had to take a receipt utider du-
ress.
Mr. WILSON. As I have said already, I do
not think that the evidence in this case shows that
the $2,000 which has disappeared went into the
bands of this paymaster. 1 do not think that he
received it. 1 think that all the evidence ill the
case clearly rebuts that presumption. It clearly
comes to this, that when the paymaster applied
for $38,500 and checked for that amount, and was
handed $3G,300, he, instead of refusing to take
any of the money, which he had the right to do,
in order to get money to pay out to the employes
of the arsenal, checked for $2,000 more than he
had leccived. 1 do not think that that is a good
business rule to establish by the passage of this
bill. It may create 9 precedent which may lead
to difficulty and loss to the Government.
Mr. HALE. I agree that the act of the pay-
master in receipting for more money than he re-
ceived was a foolish one. The matter was referred
to Mr. Cisco, and he decided that the paymaster
should bear the loss. I do notthink that that was
just. It was neither right in law nor justice. But
"the paymaster felt bound to get money, and to do
so he had to give the check. lie had to have
money to pay the employes at the arsenal. Mr.
Cisco said that he was liable to pay. The ques-
tion is whether Mr. Cisco was right or wrong.
Mr. WILSON. I think that Mr. Cisco was
■wrong.
Mr. HALE. Then pass this bill.
Mr. GUIS WOLD. I ask the gentleman
whether, when the money was lost by the Gov-
ernment agent, and when the paymaster was
forced to give a receipt for $2,000 which he had
never received, by the arbitrary demand of the
Government agent, it is not a case to be settled
by Congress? I beg to assure the gentleman that
the paymaster making this claim is as far above
suspicion as'any marfupon this floor.
Mr. WILSON, f have no doubt of that.
Mr. GRISWOLD. There is no dispute in
regard to the facts; and I submit that under the
same circumstances any gentleman would have
done as he did.
Mr. WILSON. If thegentleman puts it upon
that ground, it will stand in this position: if the
gentleman had two disbursing agents and they
should make a mistake of $2,000 in account, he
asks us to put this thing in the position in which
he would be and lose the $2,000.
Mr. GRISWOLD. If the gentleman concedes
that the money was lost by the Governmentagent
then is it fair to make this paymaster responsible?
Mr. Y^ILSON. ■ He was one of the agents in
the transaction. There was an affidavit submit-
ted in this case, which 1 saw in the Globe, by one
of the clerks in the office of the Assistant Treas-
urer in New York, giving an explanation of the
transaction; and it occurred to me when I read
it that it might be true. Still the clerk might
know where the money had gone.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Suppose that he had dis-
covered that the clerk had stolen the money. That
clerk was the clerk of the Assistant Treasurer.
Mr. WILSON. I think that it should be
settled between the paymastcr.and the Assistant
Treasurer, who r&ceived vouchers for $2,000 mpre
than he paid out.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Will the gentleman indi-
cate how it can be settled in that way?
Mr. WILSON. I think that 1 can, but I do
not think that that is involved in this discus-
sion.
Mr. GRISWOLD. There is no relief except
by Congress.
Mr. HALE. I demand the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw that for a moment.
Mr. HALE. , I withdraw the demand for the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
piied, and the bill goes over until next Friday.
REMITTANCE OF A SINE.
Mr. WILSON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] had a fine imposed upon him by
the House for non-attendance. Considering the
circumstances in his case, I do not think that the
action of the House was just. I think every
member of the House will bear me out in say-
ing that no member is more faithful in his at-
tendance upon the sessions of this House than
the gentleman from Massachusetts. He ran al-
ways be found in his seat unless detained from
the House by sickness, or some other cause which
the rules of the House would recognize as a suf-
ficient excuse for his absence.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is debate in order upon
this motion?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I object to debate
The SPEAKER. The gentleman gives his ex-
cuse, and the House determines what the penalty,
if any, shall be.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman gave his
excuse yesterday.
The SPEAKER. This subject is governed by
the same rules as governed the original proposi-
tion.
Mr. WILSON. I only desired to do justice to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, as many who
were let off without fine were more culpable than
he was. He remained here until about one o'clock
a. m., and was, as I am informed, and believe,
too unwell to remain longer. I am sure he would
not have absented himself without good reason
therefor.
The SPEAKER. Does the,gentleman from
Wisconsin still object to debate?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 do. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] gave his excuse yes-
teiday.
Mr. WILSON. I desired to make a statement
of the reasons which control my action. Of course
if the gentleman from Wisconsin objects, I must
yield. I hope the motion will be reconsidered.
The question was put on the motion to recon-
sider, and it was agreed to.
The question recurring on the motion that the
gentleman fjorn Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] be
excused upon- the payment of the usaal fees and
a fine often dollars, . k
Mr. WILSON moved to amend by striking out
the ten dollars.
The amendment v/as agreed to.
The motion, as amended, was then agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the House last evening imposed a pen- ,
alty upon the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spald-
ing ]
Mr. SPALDING. I ask no favor ofthatkind.-
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the gentleman was excused upon the payment of
the usual fees.
Mr. HOLMAN. X move to reconsider that
action.
The motion was not agreed to.
, EXCUSE FOR. ABSENCE.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. I desire to be excused
for non-attendance upon the sittings of the House
^ince last Tuesday 011 account of illness.
Excuse was granted.
REMITTANCE OF A PINE.
Mr. BROOMALL. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnswortii] being now the only one
on whom the House yesterday imposed an extra
fine, I move to reconsider the vote by which that
extra fine of ten dollars was imposed.
The motion to reconsider was agreed'to.
The question recurring on the original motion,
Mr. BROOMALL'. 1 now move to amend by
striking out the extra fine of ten dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
The motion as amended was agreed to. '
EXCHANGE OP PRISONERS.
Mi-. GOOCH. I ask unanimous consent to sub-
mit to the House an extract from the testimony
of General Grant, given before the committee on
the conduct of the war this morning, in reference
to the exchange of prisoners.
Mr. COX. What is the object? Does the gen-
tleman propose any resolution or action upon the
subject?
Mr. GOOCH. I desire to present it merely for
information.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that if
the question is brought before the House, unless
a motion to print is made,and the pievious ques-
tion called, it will beopento any resolutiongrow-
ing legitimately out of it.
Mr. COX. I would "like to have the House
take up the Senale resolution upon that subject
as soon as this matter is read.* That would be a
very proper way to have the matter" taken up.
1 Mr. GOOCH. I ask unanimous consent to
have it road solely for information.
The SPEAKER. That would be in order, and
will cut off all'subsequentaction.
Unanimous consent was given, and the evi-
dence was read, as follows:
"Question, it is stated, upon what authority I do not
know, that you are charged entirely with the exchange of
prisoners.
'•Jlitswcr. Tilat is correct; ami what is more, I Ii.iyc ef-
fected an arrangement lot tin; e.vharni'; of prisoners, rnnri
for man, and officer for officei, or Ins equivalent, according
to the old caitel, until one or the other paily has exhausted
the mmiliei tlicv now lioltl. I get a i>ioat munhei of let-
ters daily lrom friends of prisonels in theSoutll. evetyone
or which I cause to be answi'ied, telling lliein that this ar-
rangement lias liecii made, and that I suppose exchanges
can lie made at the rate of three thousand per week ; and
just as fast as they can deliver prisoners to 11s I will re-
ceive them and deliver their prisoneis to them. And tile
Halislmiv pui-orlei.-, will l>e coining right on. I itivm:!! aaw
Colonel Hatch, the assistant commissioner of exchange on
the part of the South, and he told me that llie Salishury
aild Danville prisimeraivoiihi lie coming 011 at nnce. He
b.tid that he could bring them on at tile rate ot five or sij.
thousand a week.
"Questran. There is now 110 impediment inlhe way?
'Vinwic). There is no litfpediment on our side. I
could deliver and receive evciy one of them in u very
short tune, if they will deliver those thev hold. We have
lost tome two weeks lately on account 01 ice 111 the uver."
Mr. GOOCH. The committee were aware that
great anxiety existed upon tins question, not only
among members of the House, but throughout
the whole country, and they desired that this in-
formation should be given to the country as soon
as possible. I ask that the paper read be printed.
The paper was ordered to be printed.
REPRESENTATIVE i'KOM LOUISIANA.
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Elections, to whom was referred the
