1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
38tii Cong-....2d Sbss.
Reform of the Indian System—Mr. Donnelly.
Ho. op Reps.
sion, but in that adaptation of the whole inner
nature of the man to the purity and elevation of
its great principles. Hence it can never be the
religion of savages. To leave the Indian in his
barbarian state and at the same time seek to force
into his mind the sublime doctrines of the Sermon
on the Mount, is to attempt nature in an inverted
order. The religious influence of the nation should
therefore first lend itself to a reformation of the gen-
eral system. Having prepared the soil it can then
proceed with some hope of success to the process
of the cultivation of the individual.
But how, it may be asked, are we to avoid the
corruption so generally admitted ?
I answer, by some sueh system of checks as is
used in all other departments to insure honesty.
Why cannot the law provide that the various
goods distributed among the Indians shall be dealt
out by the military officer of the post, or by the
quartermaster of the post, taking their receipts,
witnessed by the agent? The report of the mil-
itary officer could thus be compared with the re-
port of the agent, and fraud could only follow by
collusion between them. The military officer,
holding his place for life, would have much less
inducement to fraud than the agent who antici-
pates removal in a short period of time.
If might also be well to locate the reservations
of the Indians outside of the organized States, and
as far as possible from the white settlements. In
this way their new customs and usages will have
attained some solidity before theyare broughtinto
contact with the whites. When the waveof pop-
ulation rolls around the reservation, the white pio-
neer will find the red man a farmer like himself,
occupying land held like his own by irrevocable
patent, and possessing some share of intelligence
and education with which to understand and de-
fend his rights. No longer vicious and thieving,
he will recognize in him a quiet and peaceable
neighbor, and will feel no desire and be under no
necessity to drive him from his home.
I would further suggest that while a tract of
one or two hundred acres of land should be given
to each family, that the tribe should be gathered
together in villages, with a house for each family
surrounded by five or ten acres of cultivated land.
An Indian family will not ordinarily use more
than that amount. When the energy of any in-
dividual oversteps this limit he can cultivate his
separate farm. It requires the highest types of
the highest races to encounter a life of isolation
and solitude upon large farms on the frontier.
The weaker races are gregarious. Moreover,
thus assembled theyare more susceptible of con-
trol and instruction.
In fact this system of concentration could, in
course of time, be applied to all the Indians within
the limits of the United States. Their total num-
ber is but 314,022. They could be concentrated,
if civilized, upon an area no larger than two or
three of our counties; they could be speedily
made self-sustaining; andinstead of inflicting in-
juries on our frontiers to a degree vastly dispro-
portionate to their numbers, they could be con-
verted into harmless agriculturists and peaceful
citizens.
But the question may be asked, is the Indian
capable of civilization? I answer unhesitatingly,
yes.
The Indian of the American continent has
proved himself not only capable of receiving but
of originating civilization.
It may be safely said that the Spaniards en-
countered in Mexico and Peru an indigenous
civilization in many respects higher than their
own.
The conquerors of Peru found that country,
covering a narrow tract of land along the sea-
coast, four thousand miles in length and three
hundred miles in width, and containing a popu-
lation of thirty millions;—nearly equal to the en-
tire population of the United States.
Tiie civilization of the Peruvians was not of
sudden growth. It had extended through many
centuries. The people were agriculturists, and
the pursuit had been carried toa degree of refine-
ment unknown at that time in Europe. To this
day the curious traveler finds upon the tops of
the mountain ranges, in some cases thirteen thou-
sand feet above the level of the sea and amid the
haunts of the eagle, the crumbling walls and vast
monuments, which bespeak the civilization of the
ancient people.
Nor was this civilization rude and immature.
Of its kind it was perfect. Almost every foot of
their vast territory was brought under subjuga-
tion to the labor of man. So dense was the pop-
ulation and so energetic the efforts of industry,
that the soil of the valleys was carried up on the
backs of the peasants to the elevated sides of the
mountains and crops raised as high as the limits
of vegetation.
Of this unfortunate people, nine tenths have
wasted away before the white man. The valley of
Santa, for instance, which once maintained seven
hundred thousand inhabitants, does not now con-
tain twelve thousand. The city of Cuzco, which
at the time of the Conquest was larger than Chi-
cago, does not now number twenty thousand
souls.
When we turn to the Mexicans we find still
more striking evidences of the indigenous develop-
ment of the Indian mind.
That interesting people possessed at the time of
their conquest a perfectly organized form of gov-
ernment. The monarch was elected from the
royal family by the votes of the nobles. A regu-
ular administration of justice prevailed. Foreach
great city there was a supreme court, with a sin-
gle judge; and below these, m each province, an
inferior court of three members; and below these
again the local magistracy elected by the people.
A right of appeal lay from one court to another,
but the decision of the supreme court was final,
and the judges were independent of the power of
the Crown. The laws were registered and exhib-
ited to the people in their hieroglyphical charac-
ter. " The ritea of marriage," says Prescott,
" were celebrated with as much formality as in
any Christian country, and the institution was
held in such reverence that a tribunal was insti-
tuted for the sole purpose of determining questions
relating to it." Tax gatherers were distribut-
ed throughout the empire. The tributes consist-
ed of "cotton dresses; mantles of feather-work;
ornamented armor; vases and plates of gold;
gold dust; bands and bracelets; crystal, gilt,and
varnished jars and goblets; bells, arms, and uten-
sils of copper; reams of paper; grain, fruit, co-
pal, amber, cochineal, cocoa, timber, and lime."
Hospitals were established in the principal cities,
for the cure of the sick and the permanent refuge
of the disabled soldiers, and surgeons placed over
them, " who were so far better than those in
Europe," says an old chronicler, " that they did
not protract the cure in order to increase the pay."
Prescott thus described the advance of Cortes
and his followers over the great southern cause-
way through the lake to the island on which the
city of Mexico stands:
" Everywhere the conquerors beheld the evidence of a
crowdcd and thriving population exceeding all they had
yet seen. The temples arid principal buildings were cov-
ered with hard white stucco, which glistened like enamel
in the level beams of the morning. The margin of the
great basin was more thickly gemmed than that of Chaleo
with towns and hamlets. The water was darkened by
swarms of canoes filled witii Indians, who clambered up
the sides oftbe causeway, and gazed with curious astonish-
ment on tile strangers. And here, also, they beheld those
fairy islands of flowers, overshadowed occasionally by trees
of considerable size, rising and falling witii the gentle un-
dulation of the billows. The Spaniards had occasion more
than ever to admire the mechanical science of tiie Aztecs
in tiie geometiical piecision with which the causeway was
executed, as well as the solidity of its construction. It
was composed of huge stones well laid in cement, and
wide enough throughout its whole extent for tenhoisemen
to lide abreast."
A few facts may serve to call up a picture of
the great city of Mexico as it existed at the time
of the conquest:—
It contained from three to five hundred thou-
sand inhabitants. Its extent was such that one
thousand persons were daily engaged in water-
ing and cleaning the streets, so that, in the lan-
guage of a Spaniard " a man could walk through
them wilh as little danger of soiling his feet as
his hands." An aqueduct nearly three miles in
length, with double coursesof pipes, broughtsup-
plies of fresh water from Chapultepec. The palace
of the king excelled, in the judgment of Cortes,
any building in Spain in cost and magnificence.
Immense buildings and grounds were devoted to
collections of the native birds and beasts of the
country—the zoological gardens of the city; while
an equal Bpace was appropriated to a botanical
collection whose medicinal virtues were studied
by the Aztecs. In the great market-place were
met together traders from all parts of the empire*
with the products and manufactures peculiar to
their countries—goldsmiths, potters, jewelers,
painters, stone-cutters, hunters, fishermen, fruit-
erers, and florists. Piles of cotton bales orof man-
ufactured goods, furs, or feather garments, met
the sight. In the booths around the barber was
plying his vocation, or the apothecary dispensing
nis drugs; while even the bookseller was to ba
found selling blank books for the hieroglyphical
picture-writing. Perfect order reigned through-
out the vast assembly, numbering often forty thou-
sand persons. Officers patroled the square, whose
business it was to keep the peace, to collect the
duties imposed on the articles sold,and to see that
no false measures or frauds of any;kind were used.
A court of twelve judges sat in the square to ad-
minister justice to all offenders.
I refer to these interesting facts as an evidence
that the mind of the red man has been capable,
unaided and alone, of originating a comparatively
high order of civilization.
It may be urged in reply that the Aztecs and
the ordinary Indians of our western prairies are
two distinct races. This is not so. They are but
different tribes of the same race. The construc-
tion of their languages, as well as their physical
conformation, evidence^hat all the varieties of the
red man on both the continents are ethnologically
members of the same race. The Aztecs were a
wild tribe who descended upon the more civilized
Toltecs, and in a few centuries passed from a
condition analogous to that of our western In-
dians to the one in which Cortes found them. If,
then, it was possible for the red man to create, of
his own force, a civilization, can it be doubted
that it is in the power of a superior race, under
just and wise laws, to communicate civilization
to him ?
In these remarks I have sought to avoid con-
sidering this question in any of its philanthrop-
ical aspects; but have endeavored to prove that
the civilization of the Indian is of the first conse-
quence to the white man, whether the subject be
regarded in its pecuniary relations or with a view
to the safety of our frontier population. The
Indian misgoverned, oppressed, and treated un-
justly, must always be a brutal and a dangerous
neighbor. The Indian trained under wise, just
laws, honestly executed, may become in time a
good citizen and a practical Christian, a credit to
his race and a benefit to his country. We can
neither destroy nor ignore three hundred thou-
sand human beings with the same right to life
which we ourselves possess; nor can we, if we
regard simply our own safety, permit their slow
destruction by misgovernment. We will find, as
as we have already found, amid suffering and
desolation,
" That we but teach
Bloody instructions; wliicli being taught, return
To plague the inventors."
But there is beyond all this other considerations
which elevate this question to even a higher dig-
nity.
We of the northern races of Europe expelled
the Indian as we colonized the country; but in
the regions of the continent settled by the Latin
races this has not been the case. In Mexico, in
Central America,and in South America, the abo-
riginal population continued in the occupancy
of the land, and from the time of their conquest
they have been steadily absorbing by intermar-
riage the European blood among them, so that
at this day those countries possess less of white
blood than they did a century since. As the
native population awakens from the torpidity
of subjugation and begins to feel the power of
superior numbers, it is seeking to regain political
ascendency. The Creole population does not
increase in numbers; the Indian,on the contrary,
is advancing with rapid strides. To-day, in
Peru proper, the whites are but 240,000; the
mixed bloods and negroes 340,060, while the In-
dians are 1,020,000, or more than three times the
entire population of every other kind. From a
condition of slavery they have risen into freedom.
Formerly excluded from the schools,even as ovy
own slaves were excluded in the South, all the
