64
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7
38th Com...2d Sess.
Bureau of Mines and Minerals—Mr. Cole.
Ho. oi? Beps.
institutions of learning are now thrown open to
them, and they are entering in large numbers the
colleges of the country.
Wlrile we find Mexico electing, in the person
of Juarez, an Indian to its presidency, we are at
the same time informed that secret movements
are on foot to reestablish the sovereignty of the
ancient race in Peru, Bolivia, Ecuador, and Chili.
Lot us not be blind to these great movements;
they are God's solution of the vexed questions
of race which now agitate the world. Who shall
say that the Indian shall not, through the instru-
mentality of our institutions and under the pro-
tection of our great Government, establish once
more upon this continent the civilization of the
Montezumas and the Incas, kindled into new
splendor by the genius of universal liberty, and
softened into refined beauty by the touch of Chris-
tianity ? The custodians of a civilization which
we did not originate, we have no right to withhold
it from those races, whatever may be their color,
with whom we may come in contact; nor can the
nation find a nobler task than that of so bending
its energies that this entire New World, from one
extremity to the other, shall exult, through all
its diversities of climate and all its zones of color,
in one continuous and unending display of hu-
man industry and happiness, in that not distant
day, when vast communities of black men along
the Gulf, and still larger communities of red men
in Mexico and South America, shall bo united to
us by all the affiliations of commerce and all the
sympathy of kindred institutions, let us not have
to reproach ourselves with having destroyed or
permitted the destruction of any portion of the
people of this continent. Let it not be said of us
that while we were reflecting civilization and lib-
erty upon the world, we at the same time exter-
minated the aboriginal population of our own
country.
u w u 1
■v
BUREAU OF MINES AND MINERALS.
SPEECH OF HON. CORNELIUS COLE,
01' CALIFORNIA,
In tiieHodse or Representatives,
February 7, 18GJ.
The Itoiivo being in Committee oi* the Whole, on the state
of the Union-
Mr. COLE, of California, Raid:
Mr. Chairman: A bill to establish a mining
department lias been upon the Hies of the House
for several weeks past, and 1 doubt not it has re-
ceived a due share of the attention of every mem-
ber. But to obtain for it, if possible, a more prac-
tical consideration, I solicit attention for a few
moments.
The laHt-seventeen years have disclosed the fact
that more than one third of the entire territory of
the United States is uch in the precious metals.
This factwasutteily unknown prior to the Mex-
ican war, the erentsof which arc still fresh in the
recollection of us all. This mineral region is al-
ready divided into three States and seven Terri-
tories, the latter of which, at no distant day, will
be erected into as many or a larger number of
States. It all lies west of what was once known
as the great American desert—the plains—and
is distinguished from the rest of the United States
by its numerous and lofty ranges of mountains.
In the dutk fastnesses of these mountains, for
thousands of ages, nature concealed her choicest
treasures, and only permitted them to be brought
forth at last to adorn her youngest and fairest
daughter, the American Republic.
The business of developing these mineral re-
sources is yet in its infancy. With such assist-
ance as Government could easily and cheaply
render, but which individuals and ptivate com-
panies cannot command, it would be vastly in-
creased. The honorable Secretary of the Inteiior
gives it as his opinion that the id read y discovered
silver mines of Nevada alone, if supplied with
proper machinery, would yield §120,000,000 a
year; and from the knowledge I have of the Hum-
boldt, the Reese river, and other districts far in
the interior and out of reach of the ordinary ap-
pliances, I regard his estimate as in nowise extra v-
t\gam. The new discoveries of similar mines that
arc diuly and almost hourly made in JNevada,and
in Idaho and Arizona, and all over our Pacific
possessions, show that the production of the pre-
cious metals is capable of being increased far be-
yond any estimate yet attempted by the honorable
Secretary. For the purpose of bringing up to a
proper standard this yield of gold and silver he
has recommended in his late report " the estab-
lishment of a bureau of mines and minerals;"and
he tells-us that before many years such legisla-
tion u will be found necessary if it has not already
become so." But there can be no more convin-
cing proof of the present necessity for such action
than the fact that these mines now yield only a
tithe of what they are capable of yielding. There
is, therefore, no occasion for delay. This lame
and struggling interest—for such it is—demands
at the hands of Government immediate measures
for its development.
The main object of this bill is to collect and
diffuse useful information touching the location,
extent, and character of the mines, and the best
modes and means of working them; and why
should it not receive a consideration equal to that
which the Government has been accustomed to
bestow upon otherindustrial and intellectual pur-
suits? Agriculture has long been a subjectofits fos-
tering care. Even before the establishment of a
Bureau of Agriculture the products of the field and
the fold were stimulated by many congressional
enactments, and finally, as a crowning incentive to
this branch of industry, a homestead on the public
lands was donated to every farmer that would go
out and occupy it. To excite greater exertions
in the more risky business of fishing, liberal boun-
ties were provided out of the general Treasury.
The author and inventor is secured m the profits
0f his work, and almost every species of manu-
Afacturing and mechanical industry has been fa-
vored by duties, tariffs, and rewaids, in one form
or another. The pioduction of gold and silver is
no less worthy the national solicitude, and from
the influence these metals exert on every pursuit
in life, their production would seem to be the most
fitting object of governmental charge. By com-
mon consent they are and will always remain
the medium of exchange among nations. Their
value in this respect has been in nowise impaired
by the increased production of them wluch fol-
lowed the acquisition of California. Any excess
above the demands of commeice has been devoted
to purposes of ait and ornament. The scope of
their usefulness is absolutely unlimited. They
build your houses and ships, and their agency is
indispensable in all public woiks. They mar-
shal armies and put fleets afloat. Cities and em-
pires grow with their abundance or decline with-
out them. Religion,civilization,liberty—all that
men live for or die for—lean upon them as upon
a staff. Their withdrawal from any community
operates as a dire calamity, producing distress
and death. In theirabsence the farmer ceases his
labors, the merchant closes his doors, the arms of
the artisan and mechanic are unnerved, the hum
of the factory is hushed, commerce folds her
wings and her messengers chafe their chains in
stagnant ports.
it is somewhat remarkable, in view of these
considerations, that the production of the precious
metals has not been encouraged with the same
fostering care and patronage which has been ex-
tended toward other pursuits. But this is doubt-
less owing, in a measure, to the strange yet com-
mon fallacy that pictures some magic instead of
misery in the mining process; some cunning al-
chemy, and not hard labor, as the means of bnng-
ing gold and silver to light. It would seem that
the illusions of the nursery and the enchantments
of the Arabian Nights were mingled with the
ideas which men bring to bear upon the subject
of the production of the precious metals. They
contemplate the exhibitions of gold in the broker's
window, but never realize the condition of the
laborer whose eyes first it gladdened. They do
not descend into the deep, dai k, damp artificial
caverns of the earth, where the patient miner
wastes his life in gathering it little by little, toil-
ing day and night. In the busycityand outside
world gold has its offices to perfoim; it dissem-
inates beneficent influences, and makes millions
happy; but the happiness of him who digs it is
only the happiness of hope. Of all the throng
who visited the gold fields of California only a
few have been able to return to tell of their ex-
periences. With the great majority mining has
been a failure, a sad disappointment. Mer-
chants and tradesmen have amassed wealth in the
Golden State, and many such have become known
abroad, and are often erroneously identified with
the pursuit of mining; while the real gold digger,
out of whose necessities they grew rich, is never
heard of. He has no remittances to make, and
no testimony to give. His story has few attiac-
tions for the public ear, and the real character of
the business of gold seeking, which is the most
uncertain and illy-requited business in the world,
remains unknown beyond the immediate scene
of its prosecution.
The separation of gold dust from the alluvium
with which it is deposited by washing was for
a long time the only method of mining in Califor-
nia, and is still the process employed in the placer
diggings. But this process was early beset with
many obstacles, and had not American energy
brought the accustomed agencies to bear this de-
scription of mining would long since have ceased
in that State. Extensive deposits of metal were
frequently found in localities remote from water,
and projects were set on foot and successfully
carried out to supply the needed element. There
are now in California hundreds of miles of
great aqueducts, by turns perforating and wind-
ing around the mountains, surmounting dizzy
abysses and creeping through tangled, rocky
gorges, leading the floods from the upper Sierras
down to the places of usefulness. But neverthe-
less placer mining is growing every day more
precarious, difficult, and expensive. Many of the
deposits have become exhausted, or have ceased
to be remunerative. Of the swarms of men once
eagerly engaged in this pursuit a large majority
have turned their hands to farming, to mechanical
occupations, or followed the tides of migration
to fresher fields beyond the borders of the State.
A few have traced up and found those leads from
which the disseminated pat tides of gold are sup-
posed to have comc, and have bent their attention
to quartz mining. This always involves great
labor and expense, and is profitable in only one
case out of many. California has but little to
show for the sixteen years of labor in which
nearly all her people have been engaged. Her
mines, indeed, have attracted to her shores an act-
ive and enterprising population; otherwise they
have been of but little real benefit to her. Many
mining settlements and once flourishing villages
are entirely abandoned, or given over to the Chi-
nese, who are content to work for a mere pittance.
The acres, roods, and miles of earth thrown up,
rivers turned from their channels, mountains lev-
eled, and rocks penetrated, while they attest tha
immensity of the treasure developed, at the same
time indicate the magnitude of the labor per-
formed, and show that gold mining is the least
fanciful of all pursuits.
But a small proportion of the vast wealth ex-
tracted from the mines of California lingers upon
her shores. It cannot be doubted that had the
same amount of labor been devoted to some more
steady but less enticing occupations, the State
and people would have been richer and far more
prosperous.
Such is a brief review of gold mining in Cali-
fornia. Of the country over the mountains to the
east we have but slender knowledge. Weknow,
to be sure, that a little strip of land at Virginia
City, only six hundred feet wide and two miles in
length, yields more than $1,000,000 a month in
silver. This is worked out by a hundred costly
crushing mills, which have been erected within
the last half dozen years.
The extent of this silver-bearing country is a
geographical fact. It reaches from the Sierra Ne-
vadas to the eastern base of the Rocky mountains,
a thousand miles in width, and is not limited by the
British possessions on the north, nor by Mexico
on the south. It embraces part of California and
Oregon, and Washington Territory; all of silver-
girdled Nevada, of Idaho, Montana, Utah, Ari-
zona, New Mexico, and Colorado. Much of it
is yet unexplored, but so much of it as has been
prospected proves to be wonderfully prolific m
the precious metals. With the exception of a few
mining towns and the Salt Lake communities it
is an uninhabited desett, valuableonly for its mm-
