756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
credentials of M. F. Bonzano, claiming a seat
here from the first congressional district of Lou-
isiana, to make a report, accompanied by a reso-
lution; which lask may be read,laid on the table,
and printed.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolvei, That M. F. Bonzano is entitled to a seat in
this House as a Representative from the first congressional
district of Louisiana.
The resolution was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. SM1THERS presented the views of the
minority of the committee on the same subject;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
KEGENT OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. FRANK. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that joint.resolution of the Senate
(Up. 91) appointing General Richard Delafield
to be a regent of the Smithsonian Institution, be
taken from the Speaker's table and passed.
There being no objection, the joint resolution*
was taken from the Speaker's table, received its
several readings, and was passed.
■ENROLLMENT BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that bill of the Senate (No.
408) in addition to the several acts for enrolling
and calling out the national forces, and for other
purposes, be taken up and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and* ordered to be
printed.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from (Jie Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, and ordered to be printed.
THE PEACE CONFERENCE.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire 'to call the at-
tention of the House to the fact that the message
of the President of the United States, sent to the
Senate yesterday, contains a letter from Mr.
Seward to Mr. Charles Francis Adams, giving a
detailed statement of the recent interview at For-
• tress Monroe. It did not accompany the message
sent here, for the simple reason that the House
had n\)t asked for that communication. I desire
• to move, if it be agreeable to the House, that this
communication from Mr. Seward to Mr. Adams
be printed with the message of the President.
Thecmotion was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move that twenty
thousand extra copies of it be also printed, to-
gether with the mpssage.
The motion was'referred, under the law, to the
Committee on Printing.
, Mr. MORRILL. Has the morning houp ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I call for the regular
order of business.
QUESTION Or PRIVILEGE.
Mr. GARFIELD. • I wish to say that the res-
olution which 1 offered last night, although I am
responsible for it, was not dtawn by myself, and
itexpresses what I desired in stronger terms than
I intended; I have therefore modified the resolu-
tion so as to read as follows:
Resolved, That Hon. E. B. Washburne be required to
answer sit the bar of the Hoin^e why lie should not be held
in contempt lor leaving tlx; Hall of the House without per-
mission on the evening of February 9, instant, during a call
of the House, and that he abide the order of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the resolution is not debatable, the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr, Fa.rnsw(^rth] having moved
,}ast evening to lay it on the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is ail amendment in
order? ,
The SPEAKER. If will be if the gentleman
"withdraws his motion to lay on the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not withdraw
it for the put pose of enabling the amendment to
be made.
The SPEAXCER. The gentleman from Ohio
had a right to modify his resolution under the
rule.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As I understand that
there are one or two gentlemen who desire to be
heard upon the resolution, and as I wish to make
a few remarks upon it myself, I will withdraw
the motion to lay on the fable.
The .SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfikld] is entitled to the floor upon
his resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He was not taken
from the floor at all. He offered his resolution
and then took his seat. How could I make the
motion to lay the resolution on the table while the
gentleman from Ohio was on the floor?
Mr. GARFIELD. If the Speaker will allow
me I will state that I only yielded the floor after
the statement was made that the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washburne] was absent. I was
willing, in view of that fact, thp.t the resolution
should be postponed.; and I myself made the mo-
tion thatit should be postponed until to-day, after
the morning hour.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That motion was not
made until after I had moved to lay the resolution
on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
condition of the resolution to be as follows: the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gtarfield] offered the
resolution; it being suggested that the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] was not in his
seat, he said that-he would ask to have it post-
poned; the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] then rose and moved thatit be laid on the
table.
VISIT Otf LIEUTENANT GENERAL GRANT.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the House take
a recess of five minutes, to enable members to pay
their respects to General Grant, who is present ins
the Hall.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly took a recess for five minutes.
When the House was again called to order,
Mr. SCHENCK said: in order that the Repre-
sentatives of the people and all loyal persons
present may have a butter opportunity of making
the acquaintance, at least by sight, of the Lieu-
tenant General, 1 move that he be invited for a
moment to the stand.
No objection was made. *
Lieutenant General Grant was conducted to the
Speaker's desk, amid general applause, and took
lus stand on the left of the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen of the House of
Representatives, I have the honor of introducing
to you this day our heroic defender in the field,
the Lieutenant General of the armies of the Uni-
ted States, UlyssesS. Grant. [Great applause on
the floor and in the galleries.]
The Lieutenant General bowed to the House,
and then withdrew from the Speaker's stand, and
took a seat on the floor of the House.
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
the question of privilege. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garpielti] having offered his resolu-
tion last evening as a question of privilege, desired
to have it postponed. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnswortii] moved to lay the reso-
lution on the tabic. The House then adjourned;
and the question came up this morning after the
expiration of the morning hour. This morning
the gentleman from Ohio modified his resolution.
The Chair then stated to him that the motion to
lay on the table would prevent his debating it.
On examination, reflection, and consultation, the
Chair is convinced that the gentleman from Ohio,
having virtually withdrawn the resolution by its
modification, and having offered another, the mo-
tion to lay on the table did not apply to it; and
that therefore the gentleman from Ohio is entitled
to the floor on his resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. MORRILL. I appeal to the gentleman
from Ohio to yield the floor to me.
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL. I am very anxious that we
shall go on with the internal revenue bill; and I
foresee that if this question be brought before the
House it will inevitably consume much time. I
therefore appeal to the gentleman from Ohio to
withdraw his resolution entirely.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I have al-
ready made an explanation of the resolution as
first drawn, injustice to the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburne] and in justice to myself,
and have stated that it was not my intention that
it should express as much as it did. 1 made a
modification of it this morning so that it should
as near as possible relate the circumstances of the
case involved. But the fact that the gentleman
from Vermont requires time for the tax bill, which
is so important to the country, and the further
fact—the temper of the House—shown in its ac-
tion toward members who were fined yesterday,
indicate to me that it is the general desire that the
resolution should be withdrawn; and I therefore
withdraw it.
COMMITTEE TO "WAIT ON THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the Senate:
In the Senate of the United States,
February 1861.
Resolved, That a committee of one member of the Ben-
ate be appointed by that body to join a committee of two
members of the House of Representatives to be appointed
by that House to wait on Abraham Lincoln, of Illinois, and
to notify linn thai he has been duly elected President of
the United States for four yeais,commencing with the 4th
day of Watch, 1865; and also to notify Andrew Johnson,
of Tennessee, that he has been duiv elected Vice Presi-
dent of the United States for four years, commencing on
the 4th day of March, 1865.
Ordered, That Mr. Trumbull be of the said committee
on the part of the Senate.
The resolution was concurred in.
TAX BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all general de-
bate on the tax bill be close^in one minute after
its consideration shall be resumed in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pomeroy in the
chair,) and resumed, as a special order, the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 744) to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide internal reve-
nue to support the Government, to pay interest
on the public debt, and for other purposes," ap-
proved June 30, 1864.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by insert-
ing, after line one hundred and ninety-five, the
following:
That section sixty-one he amended by striking out after
the words "and all," the words "refined coal oil and
naphtha," and inserting in lieu thereof the woids "dis-
tilled or refined coal oil, distilled benzine 01 benzole;"
also, by inseitnig after the woid " warehouse'' and before
the woid* " and no drawback" the words u and the same
fees shall be allowed for exports as are allowed to export-
ers for like services in the custom-houses;" also, by in-
serting alter the word " ledisttlled," the words! "or
cannedso that the section will read:
Sec. 61. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all distilled
spirits and all distilled or refined coal oil, distilled benzine
or benzole upon which an excise duty is imposed by law,
may, after being inspected, gauged, proved, and marked by
the inspector according to the provisions Of this act, be le-
moved, without payment of the duty, under such rules and
regulations, and upon the execution of&uch transpoitation
bonds or other security as the Secretary of the Tuftsin y may
prescribe. The satd spmt->,oil, or naphtha so mnoved shall
be tian^ferred directly fiom the distillery or refineiytoa
bonded waiehouse, established m conformity with law ami
Treasury regulations, and may be transported from s>uch
warehouse to any one other bonded warehouse used for tho
stoiage ofdistilled spirits, coal oil, or naphtha. And after
the artival of such distilled >pirfts, coal oil, or naphtha, at
the bonded warehouse within the district ot the a^ses^or to
which it has been transferred, it -hall be again inspected,
and the duty shall be assessed and paid on any deficiency or
reduction of the number of proof gallons, beyond such allow-
ance for leakage as may be established by the regulations of
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, received at the
waiehouse, from the number of proof gajlons as slated in
the bond given at the place of shipment. And any dialled
spii its, coal oil, or naphtha in the public warehouses «hall
be subject to the same rules and regulations, and be chaige-
able with the same costs and expenses 111 all icspects to
which imported good-? deposited in public store or bonded
warehouse maybe subject; and shall be in charge of a
ptoper officer, to be deMguated by the Seeictniy'of ilia
Treasury, who, with the owner and proprietor of the ware-
house, shall have the joint custody of all the diftihud spit-
its, oil, or naphtha so stored in said waiehouse, which
shall be at the n>k of the owner of the said spans,-oi', 01
naphtha. And all labor on the same shall be performed by
tha owner or proprietor of the warehouse, under the su-
pervision of the officer in charge of the same, and at the
expense of said owner or proprietor of the waiehou&e.
And the same fees shall be allowed for expoits as are al-
lotted to exporteis for like services in the custom-houses.
And no drawback shall in any ease be allowed on any dis-
tilled spirits, coal oil, or naphtha, upon which an excise
duty shall have been paid, either before or after it fchall
have been placed m a bonded warehouse: Provided, That
any distilled spirits, coal oi', or naphtha may be withdrawn
from the bonded warehouse alter payment to !he collector
of internal icvenue for the district in which tlm warehouse
is situated of thy duty imposed by law, or-may be removed
without payment of the duty for the purpose of being ex-
ported, oi for^the purpose of being redistilled or ^canned for
export, after the quantity and proof of the spirits, oil, or
