1885.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TS7
naphtha to be removed has been ascertained and inspected
according to the provisions of law, under such rules and
regulations and the execution of such bond or other secur-
ity as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe. And
any spirits, oil, or naphtha so removed for distillation shall
be icturneil to the warehouse and shall be again inspected,
and the duty shall he paid to the said collector on any de-
ficiency or reduction beyond the allowance for loss by re-
distillation established by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, m the number of proof gallons received at. the
waiehouse for the purpose of being exported,as aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLM AN". I move to amend, in line one
hundred and ninety-eight, by striking out the
words " and fifty cents."
Mr. KASSON. i suggest to the gentleman
from Indiana that he wilt feach his object more
simply by moving to strike outlines onehundred
and ninety-six, one hundred and ninety-seven,
and one hundred and ninety-eight.
Mr. HOLMAN. I accept the modification.
I move to amend by striking out the following
clause:
That section pixty-four be amended by striking out " one
dollar," wherever it occurs, and inserting in lieu thereof
the words " one dollar and fifty cents."
The section proposed to be amended is as fol-
lows:
Sec. 64. Jlnd be it fnither enacted, That there shall he
paid on all beer, lager beer, ale, porter, and other similar
fermented liquors, by whatever name such liquors may be
called, a duty of one dollar for each and every barrel con-
taining not more than thirty-one gallons, and at a like rate
for any other quantity, or for fractional parts of a barrel,
\yhich shall be biewed or manufactured and sold, or re-
moved for consumption or sale, within the United States
or the Territories thereof, or within the District of Colum-
bia; which duty shall be paid by the owner, agent, or su-
perintendent ot the brewery or premises in which such fer-
mented liquois shall be made, and shall be paid at the time
of tendering the accounts of such fermented liquors so
chargeable with duty as hereinafter requued: Provided,
That fractional paits of.a barrel shall be halves, thuds,
quai tors, sixths, eighths, and sixteenths $ and any fiactional
part containing less than one sixteenth shall be accounted
one sixteenth; more than one sixteenth, and not more than
one eighth, shall be accounted one eighth ; more ihati one
eighth, and not more than onesixth,shall be. accounted one.
sixth; more than one sixth, and not moie than one quaiter,
shall be accounted one qututer; more than one quarter,
and not more than one thud, s?hail be accounted one third ;
more than one third, and not more than one half, shall be
accounted one half; moie than one half shall be accounted
one barrel: Provided further, That beer, laget beer, ale,
porter, and other fermented liquors in bottles, shall be as-
sessed, accoidtng to the quantity contained theiein, at the
rate ot one dollar for thirty-one gallons, when the duty has
not been previously paid on the liquors contained therein.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, the present
duty of a dollar per barrel was deemed enormous
at the time it was adopted. The judgment of busi-
ness men was that sixty cents per gallon was as
much as it could bear. Put that duty up to $1 50,
and you make it at least three times as high as in
any other country. 1 believe there is no country
where it pays more than from forty-three to forty-
seven cents per barrel of thirty-two gallons. Beer
is an article of general consumption, and is much
healthier than spirituous liquors. Especially is
this oppressive where a very cheap article of beer
is manufactured—what is called common beer—
which is required under existing laws to pay as
high a tax as the more expensive and valuable
species of malt liquors. Looking at this as a ques-
tion of revenue alone, I trust that the revenues of
the country will not be oppressed, and the people
themselves will not be oppressed, by this unne-
cessary increase of taxation.
Mr. SPALDING. I piopose to vote for this
amendment; and i shall do so in obedience to the
wishes of a very largo class of my constituents.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 raise the point of order that
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] as he
does not rise to oppose the amendment, is not
entitled to the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. SPALDING. I have said all that I pro-
posed to say.
Mr. MORRILL. As I understand the matter
we have more than quadrupled the duty upon
spirits since the time when we first levied fifty or
sixty cents a barrel upon beer. It is only recently
that ale and beer have been brought into compe-
tition with spirits which have paid two dollars
per gallon. Now, the price of ale and beer, it
must be admitted, has advanced very largely from
what it was formerly. The price of ale or beer
per barrel was formerly from four to six dollars;
the price at the present time is from ten to tw.elve
dollars. The retailers make the largest profit on
this article. At five cents a glass, the usual rate
near the place of its production, it yields to the
retailers a profit of one hundred per cent.; that
is, a barrel when retailed will bring twenty dol-
lars.
Now, the tax is notgoing to increase the price;
it is the demand of the retailers that, has this ef-
fect. They ask in many cases from ten to fifteen
cents a glass for it, giving them a most extrava-
gant profit. I suppose that if we increase the tax
to $1 50 we shall not do more than place it upon
a relative competition with spirits. I think that
with this increase the profits of the retailers will
be as large as they ought to be.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. * I move, as
an amendment to the amendment, to strike out
"fifty" and insert " twenty-five,"so that u will
read " $1 25."
1 offer this amendment pro forma, for the pur-
pose of saying that it is my deliberate opinion
that, as a revenue measure, the increase of tax
upon this article will operate against the revenue.
I desire to remind the committee of the fact that
the article proposed to be taxed differs from spir-
ituous liquors in this, it has but one purpose, that
of consumption a beverage. Hence the people
are not compelled to use it as they are spirituous
liquors, which are employed for various manu-
facturing purposes relating to colors, chemicals,
and the like.
Now, what has been the effect of the increased
taxation upon spirituous liquors ? This increased
taxation has in my section of the country entirely
suspended the manufacture of those articles. In
my own county there were one year ago more
than a dozen distilleries in operation, paying a very
heavy revenue (I have not ascertained how much)
to the Government. Not one of those distilleries
is operating to-day. They are all standing idle,
and must stand idle as long as the tax upon spir-
ituous liquors remains at its present rate; and
this, notwithstanding the fact that spirituous
liquors are required for other purposes than for
use as a beverage.
It may be the fact,as the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill] states, (for 1 am not in- :
formed on this question, and 1 know thathe takes
pains to acquaint himself with any subject upon
which he speaks,) that beer produces, when sold
at retail, one hundred per cent, more than the
wholesale price of the manufacturer. But this is
not all profit. There are large deductions to be
made. Most of these articles are manufactured
in the winter season and are kept until summer
for consumption. Large quantities sometimes
spoil upon the hands of the holderfrom not being
kept in proper vaults. If improperly stored away
or handled, they are very likely to become unfit
for use. It is true that the price has gone up with
the price of all other things. The cost of manufac-
ture and the cost of the material used, the cost of
everything, has been enhanced. And I know from
conversation I have had with gentlemen largely
engaged in this business, some from my own dis-
trict, who send their manufacture to the city of
New York, that if we impose this additional tax
of fifty cents we will so embarrass them that they
will have to abandon the business altogether.
There is nothing which induces this manufacture
but the use of this article as a beverage, and it will
be dispensed with as a beverage if this tax be
imposed upon it. If the tax is put upon moral
grounds I have no argument to make. I think
that the imposition of such a tax upon moral
grounds is improper, and that as a revenue meas-
ure it will certainly fail to meet the object which
the committee have in view in increasing this tax.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Chairman, when this
proposition was before the House last year, a
proposition was made to increase the tax to the
point proposed by the Committee of Ways and
Means, and I then opposed it upon the ground
that while it could undoubtedly bear the tax of
one dollar a barrel, I thought at that time it could
bear no more without inflicting a serious injury
to the production of the article. This article is
peculiar, and essentially distinct from the article
'of spirits which wo have taxed at this high rate.
While the manufacturer of beer, as stated by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, is obliged to sell
within a limited time, the manufacturer of spirits
may store it and wait for a market for years, and
the spirits will improve while he waits. Again, the
manufacturer of beer is obliged to keep a large
amount of maney invested in barrels, for in the
course of trade, when he sells beer the barrels are
returned. H«re isa large sum invested, amounting
to many thousand dollars. " ^ *
A large portion of the community, the Ger-
mans particularly, when provisions are high,find
in this article a substitute for tea, cotfefe, and ar-
dent spirits, even mixing it with water and ta&r "
ing it morning, nooh, and night as the regtdafr
support of the family; and I trust that we wilt
not put this additional borden on it when the
articles out of which it is produced have largely
enhanced in price, thus necessarily enhancing
the value of the article. I say that it canhOt bear
the added tax of fifty cents, or even of twenty-
five cents as suggested by the gentleman front
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Johnson,] and 1 trust, there-
fore, that the motion of the gentleman from In-
diana will be adopted, so that we may leave the
tax where it is.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I withdraw
my amend.ment.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I renew the
amendment. I wish to make a few remarks in
addition to what has been said, and I wish to call
attention to another aspect of the case. I know
that there are various members of the House who
look upon a tax upon everything of this kind as
tending toward tempcrance. I have discovered
in my experience that beer supplies the place of
stronger drink, and is used by those who before
were in the habit of taking the worst and poorest
sort of spirits. In the city where I live drinking
is more general than in any other,city, and from
what I have observed I do not think that there is
a city in New England where drunkenness is so
rare and where drunken men are so seldom seen.
I believe that those who before took the poorer
and cheaper spirits, which were intoxicating, now
take malt liquors with which there is scarcely a
chance of disturbing the brains. And beyond
that, with a large class of our population it be-
comes the means of social enjoyment. We must
recollect that we have taxed the poorer classes of
our people almost out of the power of social en-
joyment. The food they eat, the clothes they
wear, the houses they live in are, and I do not
know but after this session of Congress the very
light they see by and the air they breathe wilt
be, the subjectof taxation. "I think some little con-
sideration should be paid to that class of persons
who,gatheringaround the social board, take these
lighter liquors which never intoxicate, but are con-
ducive rather to health. I therefore hope that the
original proposition to strike out this increased
tax will prevail. I withdraw my amendment.
The question recurring on the amendment
offered by Mi. Holman,
Mr. MORRILL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Morrill and
Mr. IIolman were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 68, noes 39.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. 1NGERS0LL. I propose to offer an
amendment, to come in after line one hundred and
eigty-three, page 8.
Mr. MORRILL. That is going back on the
bill, and I object to it now.
Mr. INGERSOLL. When shall I have an
opportunity ?
Mr. MORRILL. By and by.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will propose it now to
line one bundled and ninety-eight of the next
section.
The CHAIRMAN. That whole clause has
been stricken out, so that there is nothing left to
amend.
Mr. INGER.SOLL. Then I will move it to the
next section.
The. CHAIRMAN. That has not yet been
reported by the Clerk.
The Clerk then proceeded with the reading of
the bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have agreed to submit
to the Committee of Ways and Means for their
action, between this and to-morrow, the amend-
ment which I intended to propose. I propose
now another amendment, to come in after line
two hundred and twenty-two, by way of a pro-
viso, as follows:
Provided, That no license *hall be issued lo any person,
firm, or eoiporatton who distill* or manufaciutes spirits lor
s-dlo, who shall dioUllor manufacture less than two hundred
gqlloriiS per day.
