1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGEES^IOHAkC
61
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Truth, of History Vindicated—Mr. Julian-.
Ho. <W Efepsi
erals. The total white, population of this vast re-
gion will scarcely double that of the District of
Columbia. In its present condition it separates
California from the Atlantic States as ,by a great
gulf, rendering communication between them diffi-
cult, dangerous, and expensive. The most practi-
cal route of travel to our Pacific coast involves two
long sea voyages, and a passage through a trop-
ical foreign country and most inhospitable cli-
mate. Its commerce floats seventeen thousand
miles around Cape Horn. This travel and trade
could and should b  conducted on a direct line
over our own territory, and when the intermedi-
ate space between here and the Pacific becomes
occupied, its natural channel will be found there.
The settlement of this great desert therefore as-
sumes importance, whether viewed as a military,
political, or commercial measure; and it is fortu-
nate .that the presence of the [jrecious metals fur-
nishes an inducement to overcome this barrier.
Under judicious management settlements will soon
spring up ail over these territories, binding to-
gether with indissoluble bonds the Occident and
the Orient forever. And this is no small con-
sideration. It is one that should arrest the atten-
tion of every patriot. It is easier to reach Europe,
Asia, Africa, or South America, than the Pacific
States, and I regard it essential to the lasting in-
tegrity of the Republic that these widely-severed
portions should be united more closely together.
Most of the Californians were born on this side
of the mountains, and their loyalty to the Govern-
ment of their fathers is unyielding, but a gener-
ation is growing up on the Pacific coast, few of
whom, as things now stand, can ever see the homes
of their ancestors. These, no matter how well
instructed in lessons of patriotism, are more lively
to become alienated in their feelings if the sepa-
ration continues. Though we may seem secure
at this time, no one can promise for any subse-
quent generation on that far-distant shore. If a
pietense for separation was found in States inter-
locked as were the North and the South, how
much greater would seem to be the danger when
the separation is by thousands of miles, by mount-
ain ranges and broad deserts? We might there-
fore well feel much concern for the future unity
of these States were we always, or even long, to
remain thus disconnected. But all danger upon
this point will subside when the country between
here and the Pacific becomes filled up with an in-
dustrious, reading, thinking population; and the
establishmentof a mining bureau will lend greatly
to secure this most desirable end. Promulgate
authentic information upon the subject of mining,
and people will occupy those lonely valleys, and
the now silent hills will soon reverberate with the
music of industry. Truly is our anxiety for the
passage of this bill stimulated by our desire for
a perpetual Union. The mixed population that
is to inhabit these desert wilds will be instructed
to look upon the Federal Government not only as
the center of power, but also of light and benefi-
cence. As the sun illuminates the pathway of the
planets while it holds them in their oibits, so the
General Government, enlightening these embryo
States, will bind them more firmly to our system.
But these considerations are only incidental to
this measure. Its main object is to augment the
production of the precious metals. This is ren-
dered the more necessary by the financial embar-
rassment which attends the rebellion. If this
branch of industry is properly encouraged, and
not fettered by unfriendly legislation, as has been
proposed by inconsiderate persons, it will in the
future-afford the ways and means of relief in many
a national emergency. Though among the most
needful pursuits to the public, mining has been
left to grope its way in the dark for want of a
little light which Government could easily have
dispensed. Lack of information and experience
lias met the miner on the threshold, and attended
him through years of trial and failure. Owing
to the character of the country intervening be-
tween different districts, and their distance from
each other, there can be but little interchange of
opinions among them, and hence the necessity for
some central fountain-head of enlightenment. It
cannot be doubted that the experience of each
miner would be valuable to all others. From many
experiences useful facts and scientific rules are de-
ducible. Save a few private caWnets of minerals,
New Series—No. 5.
and a little instruction in the elements of geology
and mineralogy dispensed at the schools, there
exists in America no source of information upon
this great subject. No steps have been taken to
practicalize theories of mining, nor to collate and
digest into laws and rules the multitudes of facts
and experiences which our American mining op-
erations have developed.
This great want the bill I have introduced pro-
poses to supply, and much besides. When it
shall have only in part accomplished its work,
we will no longer be under the necessity of send-
ing our most valuable ores over mountain and sea
to the laboratories of Europe for reduction; nor
will thesuperintendency of our best mines longer
remain in the hands of foreigners to our disgrace.
Our people will cease their wanderings in Mex-
ico and the British possessions. American fields
will present greater attractions than those of our
neighbors. Plans and processes will be simpli-
fied and economized, new districts will be opened,
tardy developments hastened, and minerals now
considered refractory will be worked with profit.
Such are only a few of the advantages that will
flow from the passage of this bill, and the sub-
ject certainly merits so much consideration at the
hands of Government.
Radicalism and Conservatism—Trtttli of His-
tory "Vindicated.
SPEECH OP HON. G. W. JULIAN,
OF INDIANA, V
In the House of Representatives,
February 7,1865.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of tile Union, and having under consideiation the
President's message—
Mr. JULIAN said:
Mr. Chairman: Perhaps no task could be more
instructive or profitable, in these culminating days
of the rebellion, than areview of the shifting phases
of thought and policy which have guided the Ad-
ministration in its endeavors to crush it. Such a
retrospect will help us to vindicate the real truth
of history, both as to measures and men. It
will bring out, in the strongest colors, the contrast
between Radicalism and Conservatism, as rival
political forces, each maintaining a varying con-
trol over the conduct of"the war. It will, at the
same time, point out and emphasize those preg-
nant lessons of the struggle, which may best sup-
ply the Government with counsel in its further
prosecution. The faithful performance of this
task demands plainness of speech; and I shall not
shrink from my accustomed use of it, in the in-
terests of truth and freedom.
At the beginning of this war, Mr. Chairman,
neither of the parties to it comprehended its char-
acter and magnitude. Its actual history has been
an immeasurable surprise to both,and to the whole
civilized world. The rebels evidently expected to
make short work of it. Judging us by our ha-
bitual and long-continued submission to southern
domination, and confiding in the multiplied assur-
ances of sympathy and help which they had re-
ceived from their faithful allies in the North, they
regarded the work of dismemberment as neither
difficult nor expensive. They did not dream of
the grand results which have proceeded from their
mad enterprise. Nor does their delusion seem to
have been at all strange or unnatural. Certainly,
it was not more remarkable than the infatuation
of the Administration, and its conservative friends.
The Government understood the conflict as little
and misunderstood it as absolutely as its foes.
This, sir, is one of the lessons of the war which
I think it worth while to have remembered. This
revolt, it was believed, was simply a new and en-
larged edition of southern bluster. The Govern-
ment did not realize the inexorable necessity of
actual war, because it lacked the moral vision to
perceive the veal nature of the contest. To every
su""estion of so dire an event it turned an averted
face3and a deaf ear. It hopod to restore order by
making a show of war, without actually calling
into play the terrible enginery of war. It trusted
in the form without tne power of war, just as
some people have trusted in the form without the
power of godliness. It will be remembered that
just before the battle of Ball's Bluff, General '
McClellan ordered Colonel Stone to " make a.
slight demonstration against the rebels," which ,
might " have the effect to drive them from Lees-'
burg." The Government seems to have pari'
sued a like policy in dealing with the rebellion Hi
self. "A slight demonstration," it was believed,
would " have the effect" to arrest the rebels in,
their madness, and reestablish orderand peace in
about "sixty days," without allowing them'to
be seriously hurt, and without unchaining the tiger
of war at all. The philosophy of G-eneral Patter-
son, who kindly advised that the war on ourpMt
should be "conducted on peace principles," was
by no means out of fashion with our rulers anil
the conservative leaders of opinion generally.
Even the Commander-in-Chief of our Army and'
Navy scouted the idea of putting Hown the rebel-:
lion by military power. lie thought the country1
was to be saved by giving up the principles it had'
fairly won by the ballot in the year 1860, and to'
the maintenance of which the new Administration
was solemnly pledged. He believed in " concili-
ation," in "compromise"—the meanest word in
the whole vocabulary of our politics, except per-
haps, the word " conservative"—and had far less
faith in the help of bullets and bayonets in man-
aging the rebels than in the power of our brotherly;
love to meet their susceptible hearts and woo them'
back, gently and lovingly, to a sense of ilieii*
madness and their crime. Our distinguished -Sec-
retary of State declared that " none but a despotic
or imperial Government would seek to subjugate
thoroughly disaffected sovereignties." The pol-
icy of coercing the revolted States was disavowed
by the President himself in his message to Con-
gress of July, 1861.
Nor did the legislative department of the Gov-
ernment, at that time, disagree with the execu-
tive. On the 22ddayof July of the same year—
and I say it with sorrow and shame—on the very
morning following the first battle of Bull Run,
the House of Representatives, speaking in the
form of solemn legislative resolves, as did the
Senate two days later, declared that it was not
the purpose of the Government to " subjugate"
the villains who began this work of organized and
inexcusable rapine and murder. Indeed, it was
not then the fashion to call them villains. In the
very polite and gingerly phrase of the times they
were styled " our misguided fellow-citizens," and
" our erring southern brethren," while1 the rebel
States themselves were lovingly referred to as
" our wayward sisters." The truth is, that for
about a year and a half of this war the policy of
tenderness to the rebels so swayed the Adminis-
tration that it seemed far less intent upon crush-
ing the rebellion by arms, than upon contriving
" how not to doit." General McClellan, whoso
long palsied the energies and balked the purpose
of the nation, would notallowan unkind woid-to
beuttered in his presence againstthe rebel leaders.
If an officer or soldier was heard to speak disre- *
spectfully of the great confederate chief, he waa
summarily reprimanded, while the unrivaled rep-
robate and grandest of national cut-throats waa
pronounced a high-souled gentleman and man of
honor! Not the spirit of war, but the spirit of
peace, seemed to dictate our piinciples of action
and measures of policy toward the men who had
resolved,'at whatever hazard or sacrifice, to break
up the Government by force. This policy, sir,
had it been continued, would have proved the cer-
tain triumph of the rebel cause. With grand
armies in the field, and all the costly machine!y of
war in our hands, our opportunities were sinned
away by inactivity and delay, while the rebels
gathered strength from our indecision and weak-
ness. A major general in our Army, and as
brave and patriotic a man as lives, said to me in
the early stages of the war that the giand obsta-
cle to our success was the lack of resentment on
our part toward traitors. Hesaid we did notade-
quately hate them; and he urged me, if in any de-
cree in my power, to breathe into the hearts of
the people m the loyal States a spirit of righteous
indignation and wrath toward the rebels, commen-
surate with theunmatched enormityoftheir deeds.
This-spirit, Mr. Chairman, was a military neces-
sity. The absence of it furnishes the best expla-
nation of our failures during the period referred
to, while its acceptance by the Government lttau-
