760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
scale but of inferior quality. It only suggests, to
me, therefore, another reason for opposing this
amendment. If we must have liquor let it be
'good, for I believe, bad as drinking may bo, that
more persons are injured by the bad quality of
the liquor than they arg by the quantity. I with-
draw tile amendment to the amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Ingersoll's
amendment, and if was disagreed to.
Mr. COLE, of California. I move to amend
the clause by adding to it the following proviso:
Provided, That when the amount distilled by any one
person or firm shall be Ies3 than five hundred gallons per
annum no license shall be required.
' Mr. Chairman, all the vintners in the country
are in the habit of manufacturing small quantities
of brandy out of the lees and sediment that re-
sult fr6m the fermentation of the grapes. The
quantity they manufacture is but small, and is
generally used for the purpose of perfecting the
wine afterwards. They run the still only for a
few days in each year, or perhaps for a week or
two, and do it only for the purpose of workingup
this refuse matter. But if there is a license re-
. quired, they will of course be unable to use up
this substance, and it will be so much loss.
It is for the purpose of meeting such cases that
I have introduced this amendment. Some of my
constituents have written tome upon the subject,
and have presented very forcible reasons why the
amendment should be adopted. I believe that it
would result advantageously to the revenue, be-
cause the brandy so manufactured will pay the
twenty-live cents a gallon already provided for
by law, whereas if the amendment is not adopted
there will be so much absolute loss, both to the
persons who make the ^ine and brandy and to
the revenue.
Mr. MORRTLL. I hope the amendment will
not prevail. The provisions of the present law
are very favorable to these manufacturers of grape
brandy and peach brandyand apple brandy. Only
-twenty-five cents a gallon is imposed on it; and if
the amendment proposed by the Committee of
Ways and Means be adopted, the duty will be but
fifty cents a gallon. The amount of piofit on a
single barrel will pay for the license.
Mr. COLE, of California. The gentleman mis-
understand? me; I do not propose to take oft' the
excise duty, but only the license for making
brandy.
Mr. MORRILL. I understand that.
Mr. MALLORY. I move lo amend the amend-
ment by inserting five hundred and one gallons
instead of five hundred. I do so for the purpose
of giving my support to the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia in the motion he has made. I think it evi-
dently a just one. The gentleman from-Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] suggested that the producer of
peach and apple brandy is now protected by hay-
ing the product taxed less than whisky is taxed.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 alluded to the duty imposed
on foreign brandy, not to anything else.
Mr. MALLORY. The business proposed to
be protected by the amendment of the gentleman
from California [Mr. Cole] is a limited one.
Whisky is not produced to a large extent or by
many persons in quantities less than five hun-
■dred gallons a year, but apple, peach, and grape
brandy is. Farmers who have a surplus crop of
peaches and apples, convert them into brandy,
whicij is very much esteemed in some regions of
the country. If thisfruitwerenotconverted into
brandy it would be wasted and lost, it may be
asked why it should be taxed less than whisky.
For the reason that the slop produced from corn
and rye used in distillation yields a large profit
to the distiller; but the residue from peaches and
apples used in distillation is good for nothing, is
a dead loss. The difference between the profit
made by the manufacturer of whisky and the
manufacturer of peach and apple brandy is greater
than the difference of duty proposed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I propose, at the
proper time, to offer an amendment reducing the
duty on peach and apple brandy. I am reminded
that the time is past; that that clause was acted
upon while I was unfortunately absent. But on
some occasion, before the bill is reported by the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
I will ask the committee to go back to that sec-
tion and act ti[K>n it. I hope the amendment of
the gentleman rrom California will prevail. I see
no reason in the world why it should not. The
tax imposed on the product of this distillation
will be permitted to stand; and all that the gentle-
man proposes is to relieve these manufacturers
from the necessity of taking out a license. I
think that to that extent they ought to be re-
lieved.
Mr. MORRILL. I trust the amendment of the
gentleman from California and the amendment to
it offered by the gentleman from Kentucky will
be voted down. If we intend to have any control
at all of these distillers I think it very important
to require all of them to take out a license. It
will be utterly impossible to keep track of these
men unless they aie compelled to take out a li-
cense. If we do not we will allow small distilleries
to spring up all over the country. Any man who
will manufacture less than a certain amount would
be permitted to have a distillery without paying
license. I am sure that that is acendition of things
which we ought by all means to avoid.
Mr. MALLORY. I withdraw my amendment,
and move toamend the amendmentof thegentle-
man from California by inserting five hundred and
two gallons. I do this for the purpose of suggest-
ing to the gentleman from California, in order to
meet"the objection of the gentleman from Vermont
to his proposition, to reduce the license required
of those who will make not exceeding five hun-
dred gallons a year to fifty centp. That will in-
sure the safety proposed to be secured by the
gentleman from Vermont in requiring every dis-
tiller to take out a liccnse; while it will relieve
the small producer from paying a large license
which is burdensome to him.
Mr. COLE, of California. I rise to offer an
amendment to the proviso.
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
to the amendment already pending. No other
amendment is in order.
Mr. MALLORY. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. Will the gen-
tleman from California allow me to suggest that
the annoyance of taking out a license, where a
farmer manufactures currant wine, or where, as in
California, he manufactures wine from giapes, is
even greater than the amount to be paid; and I
hope that the gentleman will insist upon his
amendment ns he offered it.
Mr. COLE, of California. I was going to
propose that, in order to obviate the objection
raised by the gentleman representing the Com-
■mittec of Ways and Means, we specify brandies
made from grapes,apples,peaches,currants, &c.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 desire to call the attention
of the gentleman from California to the fact that,
under the present law, persons who distill less
than three hundred barrels a year pay only one
half of the regular license. Those who distill
apples, grapes, and peaches are lequired to pay a
license of only §12 50. This is the provision of
the existing law. I do not see the necessity for
any amendment m that respect. I trust, there-
fore, that cither the gentleman will withdraw his
amendment or that it will be voted down.
Mr. COLE, of California. As has been well
said by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Brown,] the annoyance and troubleof procuring
a license is a matter of more consideration than the
cost of it. I withdraw the amendment to the
amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROOMALL. ' I desire to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the phraseology of the
amendment adopted a short timq.ago with respect
to peddlers. I find, on examination, that it will
bear the construction which was objected to by
some members at the time when it was offered;
in other words, it would exclude women from the
pursuit of the business of peddling. I move to
amend that portion of the bill by substituting
"man" for "person," and by inserting, after
"draft," the woids "for physical disability."
The clause will then read thus:
That no man between the ages oftwentyand forty-five,
who is riot enroll™ for military duty or regularly exempted
fiom enrollment ei diatt for phy&iea!'diaabiiity, &iiull be
entitled lo a license as a peddler.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PP^UYN. I observe, Mr. Chairman, that
it is proposed in this bill toamend the law of lost
year so as to provide that " miners shall pay for
each nnd every license the sum of ten dollars."
!l I move to strike out the words " ton dollars," in
order that I may present to this committee some
general considerations which,in my view, should
govern them in their action on this bill.
Taking the bill as a whole, it proposes to in-
crease the taxation of the country very consider-
ably. Now, sir, in view of the very heavy mu-
nicipal and State taxes which are pressing upon
every portion of the country, I "think that the
taxes to be paid under the legislation of Congress
should not be increased, unless such increase be
imperatively necessary in reference to some well-
established financial system of the country.
Now, the great element in a public debt—that
which makes it command the confidence of the
country and the world—is the fact that full, suffi-
cient, and certain means, pointed out by law, are
resorted to for the purpose of securing a fund for
the punctual payment of the interest on that debt.
What is our position in this respect? I had in-
tended, when a suitable occasion should occur, to
elaborate this subject more fully than 1 can do
now. At the present time I can only call the at-
tention of the committee to the very important
consideration which lies at the bottom of the legis-
lation which is now proposed.
The present expenditures of our Government
for ordinary purposes are about one hundred or
one hundred and twenty-five million dollars a
year. They were formerly seventy or eighty
million. The amount of interest paid last year
on the public debt was something over seventy
million dollars. During the coming year it may
perhaps be one hundred and twenty-five million.
Now, make these two allowances, which are
both very large and very liberal, and you have
an aggregate of about two hundred and fifty mil-
lion dollars; it probably will not quite equal that.
Now, as I understand it, our gross income is
about four hundred mHlion per year. In other
words, we are not only raising enough to carry
on the Government and to pay the whole interest
on the public debt, but, in the present position of
our public affairs, when the bounty system and
other systems are beanmg so heavily upon the
country, we propose to raise from one hundred
to two hundred million dollars per year—perhaps
fully two hundred million, if this bill fulfills tiio
expectations of its authors—toward the payment
of the principal of that debt.
Well, now, if heavy taxes in municipalities
and States were removed, this might be very well.
But we have a debt upon us which we have to
look in the face as a debt which is to exist for
generations', and the object we should now hive
in view is to systematize that debt,to place it in
a position in which the world will have confidence
m it. And so long as we legislate lo raise money
to pay the interest on that debt, which will be cer-
tain, which will be secure, as much so as legisla-
tion can make it, we give that debt the very high-
est character we can give to it. Will we go be-
yond that at this time? Will we ask the country
to add still more to these burdens until we get to
a condition in which the debts of municipalities
and States will press less heavily than now?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PRUYN. I ask for five minutes more.
The CHAIRMAN. That is nut m order,un-
der the order of the House. %
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Chairman, I am very much
surprised at. the remarks of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Pruts.] That gentleman is a
member of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and 1 have been surprised ever since the com-
mencement of the session at what i understand
to be the views of the Committee of Ways and
Means upon taxation and currency. I have been
surprised at their reluctance to bring m a bill
which should tax the people of the country as I
believe, and as I think I know, they want to be
taxed.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman let ms
ask him a question ?
• Mr. ALLEY. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. How has the gentleman
ascertained that the Committee of Ways and
Means have been reluctant to bring in a bill which
shall tax ^the people for the necessities of the
con n try ?
Mi. ALLEY.. I have the evidence from con-
versation with members of the committee, and
from what is generally understood to be their
views, that they have been unwilling to meet what
j we believe to be the views of the country. I have
