APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20,
38mGong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Trium/ph of Liberty—Mr. Arnold.
Ho. of Reps.
through any personal or prudential considera-
tions, 1 would be unworthy of the seat 1 have oc-
cupied on this floor. Criticism has dictated the
present policy of the Government, and is still a
duty. This great battle for the rights of man, and
the actors in it, must be judged. None of them
can " escape history." The fame of none of them
Is so precious as the truth, and as public justice,
which cares for the dead as well as the living,
for the common soldiers slain by thousands, as
well as for the general and the statesman. The
President, his advisers,4us commanding generals,
and the civilians whose shaping hands have had
so much to do with the conduct of the war, must
all of them be weighed in the balance by the peo-
ple and the generations to come. " The great
soul of the world is just," and sooner or later all
disguises will be thrown off, and every historical
character will stand forth as he is, in the light
of his deeds and deserts. The men who have
been intrusted with the concerns of the nation in
this momentous crisis will not be judged harshly.
Much will be forgiven or excused on the score
of the surpassing magnitude and difficulty of
their work. Justice will be done; but that jus-
tice may brand as a crime, the blunders proceed-
ing from a feeble, timid, ambidextrous policy,
■resulting in great sacrifices of life and treasure,
and periling the priceless interests at stake. 1
would award all due honor to this Administra-
tion, and to the statesmen and generals who have
'been faithful to their high trusts; but I would
award an equal honor to the rank and file of the
•people, who have inspired its present policy, and
to the rank and file of our soldiers, who have saved
the country in spite of the mistakes of the Gov-
ernment, the strifes of our politicians, and the
rivalries of our generals. These are the real he-
roes of the war. Untitled, practically unrewarded,
facing every form of privation and danger, and
animated by the purest patriotism, the common
soldier is not only the true hero of the war, but
the real saviour of his country.
But a higher honor, if not a more enduring
fame, will be the heritage of the anti-slavery pio-
neers and prophets of our land; for
"Peace hath higher tests of manhood
Than battle ever knew."
Without their heroic labors and sacrifices the
Republic," heir of all the ages," would have been
the mightiest slave empire of the world. In an
age of practical atlieism and mammon-worship,
when the Church and the State joined hands with
Slavery as the new trinity of the nation's faith,
they really believed in God, in justice, in the re-
sistless might of the truth. They believed that
liberty is the birthright of all men, and their
grand mission was the practical vindication of
this truth. They believed, with their whole hearts,
in the Declaration of Independence. They ac-
cepted its teachings as coincident with the gospel
of Christ, and supported by reason and justice.
It was their ceaseless " battle-cry of freedom,"
and they charted it as " the fresh, the matin song
of the universe," to the enslaved of all races and
lands. They were branded as fanatics and infi-
dels, and encountered everywhere the hootings of
the multitude and the scorn of politicians and
priests; but I know of no class of men who were
ever more far-sighted, whose convictions rested
on so broad a basis of Christian morals and logic,
and whose religious trust was So strong and. so
steadfast. For them there was no " eclipse of
faith." Just as the nation began to lapse from
the grand ideas of our revolutionary era, they
began to "cry aloud and spare not," and they
never ceased or slackened their labors. Placing
their ears to the ground in the infancy and weak-
ness of their movement, they caught the rumbling
thunders of civil war in the distance, warned the
country of its danger, and preached repentance
as the chosen and only means of escape. They
were compelled to face mobs, violence, persecu-
tion, and death, and were always misunderstood
or misrepresented; but they never faltered. Rep-
utation, honors, property, worldly ease, were all
freely laid upon the altar of duty, in theirresolve
to vindicate the rights of man and the freedom of
speech. To follow these apostles and martyrs
was to forsake all the prizes of life which worldly
prudence or ambition could value or covet. It
v;as to take up the heaviest cross yet fashioned
by this century as the test of Christian character
and heroism; and those who bore it were far
braver spirits than the men who fight our battles
on land and sea.
Mr. Chairman, the faijure of men thus devoted
to a great and holy cause was morally impos-
sible. They could not fail. Through their cour-
age, constancy, and faith, they gradually received
the cooperation or sympathy of the better type
of men of all parties and creeds. They seriously
disturbed, or broke in pieces, the great political
and ecclesiastical organizations of the land; and
even before this war their ideas were rapidly
taking captive the popular heart. When it came,
they saw, as by intuition, the character of the
struggle, as the final phase of slaveholding mad-
ness and crime, and insisted upon the early adop-
tion of that radical policy which the Government
at last was compelled to accept. 1 believe it
safe to say that the moral appeals and persistent
criticism of these men, and of the far greater num-
bers who borrowed or sympathized with their
views, saved our cause from the complete con-
trol of conservatism, and thus saved the country
itself from destruction. Going at once to the
heart of our great conflict, they pointed out the
only remedy, and felt compelled to reprobate the
failure of the Government to adopt it. They
judged its policy in war, as they had done in peace,
in the light of its fidelity or infidelity to human
rights. By this test they tried every man and
party, and they need ask for no other rule of
judgment for themselves. The Administration,
and the chief actors in this drama of war, of
whatever political school, must be weighed in the
same great balance. Not even the founders of
the Republic will be spared from the trial. In
their compromise with slavery in the beginning,
which is now seen to have been the germ of this
horrid conflict, they "swerved from the right."
Posterity must so pronounce; and the record
which dims the luster of their great names will
be read in the flames of this war as a warning
against all future compacts with evil. Justice to
public men is as certain as that truth is omnipo-
tent. It may be delayed for a season; it may be
hidden from the vision of men of little faith; but
its final triumph is sure. To the world's true
heroes and confessors history ever sends its word
of cheer:
" Tile good can well afford to wait;
Give ermhied knaves ilieir hour of crime;
Ye have ihe future, grand and great,
The sale appeal ol truth to time."
V
RECONSTRUCTION—TRIUMPH OP LIBERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. I. N. ARNOLD,
01? ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
February 20, 1865.
The House having under consideration tiie special order,
t>eing tiie reconstruction bill—
Mr. ARNOLD said:
Mr. Speaker: The end of the struggle between
liberty and slavery, on battle-field and in Con-
gress,draws near. Thefinal,crowning triumph of
freedom in eradicating slavery from the Republic,
to be consummated by the adoption of the con°-
stitutional amendment submitted to the States by
Congress, approaches, ^t seems a fit occasion to
pause in the midst of the great drama and look
back over the history of this struggle and recall
the leading events which have marked its progress.
From this Thirty-Eighth Congress, hencefor-
ward, our country will be recognized through-
out the world as afree country. The reproach of
slavery has at length been removed from our
national fame. We are on the threshold of a new
era. A destiny now dawns before us of a vast
continental republic based on the grand idea of
human liberty, recognizing God as the common
Father, and the universal brotherhood of man.
It is historically demonstrable that the framers
of the Constitution in organizing the Government
tolerated the existence of slavery as a temporary
evil which they believed was in the course of ul-
timate extinction. They neverintended itshould
be extended beyond the limits of the States in
which it then existed. Hence its prohibition in
the Northwest by the Ordinance of 1787, and the
provision for the abolition of the slave trade.
They believed that the moral influences and eco-
nomical considerations which had caused its ex-
tinction in most of the olt^thirteen Slates would
ultimately produce the same result in ail. Hence
not only the prohibition in the ordinance of free-
dom for the territory north and west of the Ohio,
but the constitutional provision prohibiting the
slave trade. The founders of the Government
having, by the Declaration of Independence, made
the equality of all men before the law the corner-
stone of their structure, relied upon moral, legal,
and constitutional means to effect the removal of
the anomaly, slavery. They believed that public
opinion expressing itself through the press, on the
stump, in every form of discussion, and rendering
its final verdict through the ballot, would con-
summate universal liberty throughout the land
" to all the inhabitants thereof."
These agencies would doubtless have produced
the result anticipated but for the introduction of
new and unexpected elements. The invention
of the cotton-gin, the vast accession of rich and
virgin territory by the acquisition of Louisiana
and Florida, adapted to the growth of cotton and
negro labor, and the immediate and marvelous
profits of cotton-growing, gave a power to sla-
very never before realized. There immediately
arose a gigantic pecuniary interest which found
its gains through slavery. The slaveholders,
relatively few in numbers, soon united and be-
came a compact, active, determined power. They
became skillful politicians; and the free States,
absorbed in great material interests, in the ab-
sorbing task of subduing and reclaiming a con-
tinent, in constructingcities, canals, and railways,
and unsuspicious of danger, were easily divided
and ruled by the adroit politicians of the slave
States. These seized and held the political power
of the Union, and controlled the Federal Govern-
ment in the interests of their peculiar institution.
They possessed a great advantage in the clause of
the Constitution giving them the right of repre-
senting three fifths of their slaves in Congres3
and in the Electoral College; so that one slave-
holder owning five thousand slaves had a power
equal to that of three thousand freemen; practi-
cally far greater, because his power was always
a unit,while the freemen were always more or less
divided. This created substantially a powerful
£aste or order of nobility in the slave States.
'The intellect of the South was absorbed in poli-
tics, while in the free States It was inventing the
cotton-gin, the steam engine, the telegraph, open-
ing the canals, constructing ships, and rivaling
the world in commerce and manufactures, and
contending successfully with Europe in art, in
literature, and in science. Thus the slaveholders,
watchful, sagacious, grasping power, strengthen-
ing their influence by every possible means, seized
upon and held the reins of Government. They
stealthily strengthened its influence in Federal
courts until its power was absolute on the bench
of the Supreme Court, and that once august tri-
bunal, at their dictation, rendered the infamous
Died Scott decision. Slavery was absolute in the
Halls of Congress. It controlled the Army and the
Navy, with West Point and the Naval School as
its nurseries. It dictated presidential candidates
for both the great parties which divided the
people.
But this supremacy of the aristocratic slavery
paity was not accomplished without resistance.
To the thoughtful observer the conflict between
a democracy like the people of the North, and a
ruling class with power based on slavery, such
as existfed in the slave States, was early seen to
be " irrepressible." The philosophic statesman
hoped the conflict would be peaceful, and would
be settled by peaceful agencies.
the " irrepressible conflict."
The earliest important exhibition of this " ir-
repressible conflict," after the adoption of the
Constitution, was on the admission of Missouri
as a slave State. Slavery triumphed then by a
compromise, securing the admission of Missouri
as a slave State, with the prohibition of slavery
north of latitude 36° 30'.
One of the moat instructive chapters m his-
tory is the struggle between liberty and slavery
in-the United States from 1820 to i860. Slavery,
