1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■m
had letters from correspondents in various parts
of the country.
Mr. STEVENS, What are the views of the
country? How much does the country wish to
be taxed at present? What is the amount that
they wish to be taxed?
Mr. ALLEY. I do not know that they have
any definite idea about the particular amount, but
there is an opinion in the country that there is a
great holding back on the part or Congress; and
I heard a distinguished gentleman largely inter-
ested in protecting the interests of the Govern-
ment remark the other day, there seemed to be a
determination on the part of the Committee of
Ways and Means to hold back on this question,
and there was a determination also on the part of
Congress to hold back, but not so great as on the
part of the Committee of Ways and Means, and
no disposition, so far as he had discovered, on the
part of either to meet fuily the wishes and desires
of the country.
Now, Mr. Chairman, this is my opinion of the
sentiment of the country: I believe that if there
is anything the people desire more than another,
it is thai our taxes should be increased to sueh a
degiee that the credit of the country should be
preserved and protected. It is the only way in
which it can effectually be done. The people of
the country feel that, and they feel it intensely.
Letters are pouring into me, and I know also to
man y other members of Congress, in both Houses,
begging and praying us to impose such addi-
tional taxes as will.place the credit of the Gov-
ernment beyond question. And I have yet to see
such a disposition on the part of the Committee
of Ways and Means, or of Congress either, to do
it to the extent which the people of the country
desire,
I was much surprised to hear the gentleman
from New York assert that it was exceedingly
desirable and even indispensably necessary to pro-
vide for the interest on this great debt, but not to
go beyond this pqjnt in the imposition of heavy
taxes. He talked against raising these additional
taxes to pay off the debt. Who ever dreamed of
our paying any portion of it during the existence
of this war? Are we not and must we not be
getting unavoidably in debt, with the most strin-
gent taxation, several hundred millions annually ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Chairman, I withdraw the
amendment I made, and move to insert(( five." 1
was about to say when the hammer fell before,
with regard to taxation in the State of New York,
that i believe J may venture to say this in answer
to the gentleman from Massachusetts: that if the
whole real estate of the State of New York at this
time—except, peihaps, the farms occupied by the
owners, and 1 do not know that 1 might not include
them—! say at this time, and 1 believe it is based
upon sound data, I believe the whole income of
the State of New York will not pay the charges
and taxes upon if.
Now, sir, this may be a startling assertion. I
have not time to go into details, butif any gentle-
man will sit down with me at any time, 1 will
show him the facts and figures which lead me to
tins conclusion.
In regard to the Committee ofWay.sand Means,
1 am placed in that situation towaid them that 1
may venture to say that which otherwise it would
not perhnps bo quite proper for me to state. I
was placed on that committee in the early part of
this session, but I was called away on one or two
occasions, so that I have not been with them quite
as much as I hoped to be. But I can bear this
testimony to their labors, and especially the labors
of the sub-committee (of which 1 was not a mem-
ber) who prepared this bill: that they have been
most earnest, zealous, and industrious. Without
prejudice to the claim put forth yesterday by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck,] who
claimed that he had been the most industrious
man in this House,! think I could point to three
members of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and perhaps to more, who can say even more
than that gentleman could, or rather the same
thing, and with more, justice; because the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have been in session,
I believe, every day of this session, while the
committee of which the gentleman from Ohio is
chairman has only held daily; sessions for two
or three weeks.
Now, sir, that committee hay brought forward
this bill at as «arly a day as they could bring it
forward with the views and spirit which animated
them, and with the intention of imposing a tax
on the country which should meet the expecta-
tions of those whose opinions were expressed by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Alley.]
But I want the House and the country to under-
stand what the principle is which lies at the bot-
tom of this bill, and have them determine whether,
under the circumstances, we'ishould go on and
raise more thfcn the annual expenses of the Gov-
ernment, and apply two or three hundred millions
to sinking the national debt.
There are other general views which I would
like to present to the committee in relation to our
public debt and the system on which it shou'ld be
managed. But the present time is not, perhaps,
the time to do it; and at any rate, the five-minute
rule would prohibit me from going into that sub-
ject. But I hope the House—and that was my
principal object m rising—in passing upon the in-
crease of taxation proposed in this bill, will bear
in view the general considerations I have men-
tioned. I am not familiar enough with details to
know whether these propositions are adjusted as
tfeey should be; but if they are not, adjust them
as they should be. The object of increasing the
taxation as indicated in-the bill is, in my opinion,
to a very great extent not needed in the present
condition of the country, and is notjustified under
the circumstances in which we are placed with
reference to the great debts of our municipalities
and States.
Mr. STEVENS. I am opposed to the motion to
strike out. 1 am somewhat astonished at the re-
marks of the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Alley.] The object of his remarks,
or at least the tendency of them is, to bring the
Committee of Ways and Means into odium with
the House and the country. Now, sii, T claim
nothing for myself particularly eminent upon the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. ALLEY. Will the gentleman allow me
to inteirupt him a moment?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. ALLEY. If the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania understood me as casting any imputation
upon the integrity or the industry of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, he greatly misappre-
hended the scope and purposes of my remarks. I
concur fully with the remarks of the honorable
gentleman from New York [Mr. Pruyn] upon
that point. I know that their labors have been
very arduous, and that they have exerted them-
selves to the utmost in preparing this and other
measures which have emanated from that com-
mittee. I believe, with the gentleman from New
York, that no committee of this House does as
much work as the Committee of Way sand Means;
und I did not intend to apply my remarks to any
m'ember of that committee.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 do not suppose the gentle-
man intended anything in particular, when he
► made his statement; but his remarks tended toward
bringing the Committee of Ways and Means into
disrespect with the House and the country.
Now, sir, he misstated when he said the com-
mittee were believed to be reluctant to raise by
taxation sufficient to meet the exigencies of the
Government. Who made that statement I know
not. I do not believe the man exists who talked
with a member of the committee and'received a
reply to that effect. The committee have tried to
raise as much money as the exigencies of the coun-
try required, and m the best way they could.
This committee seemed to think that we are too
exacting, and have just struck out three millions
of proposed revenue by refusing to increase the :
tax on beer half a dollar a barrel.
As to the industry of the Committee of Ways
and Means I have little to say. I may any, how-
ever, that every day since the session commenced
that committee has been in session from ten or
half past ten o'clock in the morning until the
House met. And not only that, but it has been
in session on exempt days. On Saturdays when
this House has ad journed over, we have uniformly
met and worked/ it may be, sir,! know that we
are slow workers and cannot do what we are at-
tempting to do. Of course the gentleman's im-
peachment of us is only an impeachment of our j
capacity, about winch I say nothing. So far as i
I am concerned I feel humbled in the presence of j
the chairman of the Committee on the Post Office !
and Post Roads, (laughter,] which committee no
doubt meets once or twice a month and does its
business well. - . - *
Sir, what is expected of the Committee of Ways
and Means? What burdens does the. gentleman
from Massachusetts expect it to put on the peo^
pie? I contend that if we provide for the ways and
means to liquidate the interest on the public debt
fully, leaving the principal for a future time4-we
establish public confidence; for that the bond--
holders want is their interest. If the bill before
us shall be executed as it ought to be, it will
produce more than four times the interest of our
present.debt. Gentlemen have not looked into it,
i fear. They know less about it than we do. No
one except the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Alley] has examined it; but I assure yoti,
sir, that the avails of this bill will pay the interest
on the present public debt and will leave $300,-
000,000 to be applied to our current expenses, if
the law be properly executed. That is a suffi-
cient portion of tltfe expenses of the war for the
people to bear now. I have found nobody who
did not consider himself sufficiently taxed except
the gentleman from Massachusetts. I know that
a good many of our manufacturers, in order.to
evade the tax which they pky at home, have lat-
terly built establishments and had tanneries in
Canada, and in that way lightened their taxes.
A large quantity of leather is thus manufactured
in Canada, and finds its way here under the reci-
procity treaty. When we come to the income
tax, I propose to increase the present rate on all
incomes above $2,000 to fifty per cent. [Laugh-
ter.] Will that gratify the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts? Will the country demand more than
that? If it does, I, for one, cannot stand it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PRUYN. i withdraw my amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I move
to amend the forty-ninth paragraph by striking
out the word " minerals" and insertingthe word
n metals, "so that it will read, that14 every person,
firm, or company who shall employ others in the
business of mining foF coal, or for gold, silver,
copper, lead, iron, zinc, spelter, or other metals,
shall be regarded as a miner." I doubt very,
much the expediency of adopting the paragraph
as it now stands. I think it will be found very
difficult to execute it. To the miners of iron in
my region of country the payment of ten dollars
for a license is nothing at all. They have large
blast furnaces, and many of them have a capital
of nearly half a million dollars, employing per-
haps two or three hundred men. Under this
paragraph they will only have to pay ten dollars.
But there is another class of men to be affected
by it—men who have only a little iron mine, and
who may, peihaps, have an assistant to help them
m their little woik. They will have to pay the
same license fee-for the privilege as these miners
on a larger scale.
There are three classes of mining interests in
my district, of which I intend to speak more par-
ticularly. Coal mining there is of the same char-
acter. Some of the coal-mining companies have
their half million dollars invested. What is a
license of ten dollars to them ? So, too, with the
zinc mining. The business is of the same class.
-But if we let this paragraph stand as it now is,
and leave it to be construed by the assessor, there
will be found a difficulty in its construction; for,
in point of fact, limestone is a mineral, and that
is mined by every farmer in the'eountry. It may
not be mined by his own hand. He may employ,
and he does generally employ, somebody to assist
him m it. lie would, therefore, be lequired to
pay ten dollars for his license. I do not think
that it is the intentionof this committee to require
a man who mines limestone, and who bums it on
his farm for the purpose of manure, to pay ten
dollars for a license. And yet, not straining the
construction of this section, it would require him
to do so. But by striking out the word " min-
erals "and inserting in lieu ofitthc word "metals,"
we leave it as I think the committee intend it
should be left—a license on those who mine coal
and metals; and wo ichevp the section from any
danger of an improper construction as to the
mining of limestone and other materials of that
chnractcr.
Mr. McBRlDE. Ifi correctly understand this
section, I have no ohjection to it. We have im-
posed a heense upon almost every trade and busi-
