762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
ness which employs capital in the country, and I
therefore do not think that this should be made
an exception. Afair distribution of the burdens
of taxation is all that we ask, and the tax im-
posed by this section seems tome reasonable and
fair. It does not apply to the laborer in the
jniries, but to the employer only, who, bein'g a
man of capital, engages in mining as a specula-
tion for his capital; and as it is thus withdrawn
from other business and trade, it is but just that
it should be subjected to this equal and fair tax.
Many of my constituents are engaged in mining
for a product, to increase which it is alike the in-
terest of the nation and the producer; still they
do not, as has been freely and often charged upon
them on this floor, seek to shun their fair share
of the burdens of taxation. They will accept it
willingly and submit to it without a murmur.
The question being on the amendment offered
by Mr. Johnson, of Pennsylvania—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I do hot
care about pressing my amendment, if the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means is
opposed to it.
Mr. MORRILL. I think the effect of the gen-
tleman 's amendment would be more extensive
than he thinks. Take, for instance, the State of
Maine: there they are very largely engaged in
working limestone; and the gentleman's amend-
ment would exempt all of those who are thus en-
gaged.
The question was taken on Mr. Johnson's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. JNGERSOLL. I move to amend the forty-
ninth paragraph by strikingoutthe word " every"
and inserting the words " of such;" so that it
will read, " only such person, firm, or company
as shall employ others in the business of mining,
&c. It seems to me that the construction which
would be naturally given to this section as it now
stands, without the amendment which I propose,
would be that all persons operating in mining
should pay a license of ten dollars each. I desire
that the section shall be amended so that no such
construction can be given to it, sothat'no license
duty shall be imposed upon operatives who work
by the dny, or who work for a compensation, or
upon a man who is prospecting. I wish to ex-
empt all such from the payment of license.
Mr. MORRILL. I do.not think thattheamend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ingkusoll] is at all necessary. The lan-
guage here is plain and explicit. The definition
of a miner is that he must be a person who em-
ploys others. Can there be anything more ex-
plicit than that? If a man only works with his
own hands he is, of course, exempt. No one is
to lie taxed or licensed unless he employs others.
There can hp no difficulty about that.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. COBB. I move to amend the forty-
ninlh paragraph by inserting between the word
" others" and the word "in" the words "two or
more," so that it will read:
40. MmerH shall p-iv for each and every license the sum
of leu doiiai--. Evoiy per.-on, film, or company, who ^luill
i-lupioy oilier-*, two or mou:, in llic business oi mining Oil-
coat, or foi Mlvcr, copper, lead. Iron, zinc, spelter, or
other mimn.il'-, not having taken out a license as a liianu-
lacturer, shah he regarded as a miner under tins act.
I offer this amendment for the purpose of cur-
ing what seems to inc to be an uncertainty and
ambiguity in the meaning of the section. If it in
proposed to tax those persons who engage in the
business of mining by means of hired help I have
no objection to it. In the district which I have
the honor to repiesent lead mining is carried on
extensively.
Mr. SHANNON. My colleague [Mr. Higby]
haa prepared an amendment which J think will
accomplish the desired object and obviate all ob-
jection.
Mr. COBB. I shall be glad to hear the amend-
ment.
Mr. IIIGBY. I desire to offer an amendment
winch I think will not interfere with any object
sought to bo accomplished by the Committee of
Ways and Means. I propose to strike out the
words " miners shall pay lor each and every It-
cense the sum of ten dollars," and to add after
the word "act," in the two hundred and forty-
second line the words, "and qrery such person,
firm, or company, shall lake out a license and pay
the sum of tendollars therefor." The section will
then read thus:
. Every person, firm, or company, who shall employ others
in the business ot mining for coal, or for gold, silver, cop-
per, lead, lion, zinc, spelter, or other mineials, not having
taken out a license as a manufacturer, shall be regarded as
a miner under this act; and every such person, firin, or
company, shall take out a license and pay the sum of ten
dollars therefor.
This amendment, I think, will obviate all diffi-
culty as to the construction of the language.
Mr. COBB. With all due deference to thegen-
tleman, I must say that I do not think it will. In
the lead-mining business, where it is carried on
upon a small scale, it is generally the case that
not more than two persons work together. Fre-
quently a man has a very small mine, and cannot
afford to hire more than one person to assisthim.
This assistant is called a windlassman,beingem-
ployed to draw the dirt and -mineral away. A
person carrying on this kind of business with
one assistant ought not to be required to pay a
license any more than the farmer.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman will allow
me to call his attention to the fact that a party
must employ at least two persons in order to
come within the provisions of this section. The
language is plural. It reads "every person, firm,
or company, who shall employ others."
Mr. COBB. If that is the intention, I think
that my amendment will obviate a possible am-
biguity.
Mr. McBRIDE. I desire to call the attention
of gentlemen who have been criticising the lan-
guage of this section to the fact that, according
to the uniform method in which the bill is drawn,
the class is first designated, with the amount of
license, and then immediately following is a de-
scription of the persons included in that particu-
lar class. In this view of the matter I think the
section should be adopted in its present form.
The amendment of Mr. Cobb was rejected.
Mr. I-I1GBY. I now move the amendment
which I have already indicated—to strike out the
words, " miners shall pay for each and every
license the sum of ten dollars," and to add after
the word " act" in the two hundred and forty-sev-
enth line, the words "and every such person,
firm, or company,'shall take a license, and pay
the sum often dollars therefor."
Mr. BOUTWELL. I think that the adoption
of this amendment would violate that uniformity
of language which is desirable in our legislation.
It will be observed that throughout these various
sections the first sentence contains a statement of
what the rule of law shall be, and the latter part
describes the persons to whom the law shall ap-
ply. There has been one uniform interpretation
of this language in the Department and in the
courts, and I think that the safest course is not
to depart from it unnecessarily.
Mr. HIGBY. As the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. BoutwellJ is better acquainted
with this subject than 1 am, I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. BENNET. I wish to say that the latter
part of thi3 suction includes a class of persons
who are not defined to be miners. The first part
of the section refers to miners—a class of indi-
viduals who are known and recognizcd as persons
who delve in mines. The second clause of tho
section includes a class of persons who do not
delve in mines, but who employ others to do so.
It brings in a different class from the first class.
I 'believe that the construction of this section will
be that it not only includes all persons delving m
mines, but that it includes and designates as min-
ers those who employ others to delve in mines.
It taxes not, only those who delve m the mines
but the employer also. I think that the amend-
ment of my friend fiom Illinois on my left is ne-
cessary and proper to cover the difficulty in this
case.
Mr. HIGBY. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Chairman, I renew the
amendment of the gentleman from California for
the purpose of making a remark in reply to the
observations of the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Si evens;] not to the line of his argument,
but to tho mean insinuations he made against me
personally in reference to my action in this House
concerning these revenue bills.
In the first place he spoke of my being influ-
enced by my interests in relation to the tax upon
leather and other materials in which I waa sup-
posed to b,e interested. I think if there is any
gentleman upon this floor who is free from that
charge, completely and entirely, it is myself; and
I think that the gentleman's associate ojl that
committee'who has immediate charge of this bill
will bear me witness that I have always in every
instance advocated the largest tax on every arti-
cle which I manufactured, or in which I have the
slightest interest.
.The gentleman from Pennsylvania also re-
marked that the people in Canada would like to
have heavy taxes because they were interested in
protecting manufacturing there, and because they
were interested in the manufacture of leather, &c.
If there was any point in that remark, he must
have referred to me as being" interested in manu-
facturing in Canada, and the House so understood
him. I will state to that gentleman and to the
House that I have no manufacturing interest in
Canada. I have no interest in any property there,
dircctly or indirectly, of any kind. 1 suppose that
that is a sufficient answer to that baseless insinu-
ation.
The gentleman asked me whether I would like
to have the income tax raised fifty per cent. I
have only to say that there has never been any
income tax proposed in the House that I have not
invariably voted for, (even for the largest amount,)
from the very beginning. And I think that that
is a sufficient answer to the gentleman's inquiry
upon that point.
I made no unworthy imputation upon the gen-
tleman's committee. I merely meant to say that
the Committee of Ways and Means differ, I be-
lieve, from this House, ^nd in a much greater
degree with the country, in their judgment as
to the best mode of protecting and preserving the
credit of the Government. And this difference,
in my opinion, was a serious calamity to the coun-
try.
Mr. SHANNON. As there seems to be some
difference of opinion in reference to the construc-
tion of this paragraph, I movetan amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment is pend-
ing.
Mr. ALLEY. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SHANNON. I move, in line forty-two,
before the word " shall," to insert the wolds
"and no others," so that it will read:
49. Miners shall pay fur each and every license the sum
of ten dollais. Eveiy peison, firm, or company, who shall
employ others in tile business of mining for coal, or foi gold,
Bilvei, copper, lead, iron, zinc, spelter, or other minerals,
not having taken out a license as a manufacturer, and no
otheis, shall be legarded as a miner under this act.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection td the
amendment, but I do not think that it is neces-
sary. There are none who are required to pay a
license unless they come within the specific pre-
scription. All others are exempted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I propose
now,if the gentleman from Vermont will give me
his attention, to strike out these words, " miners
shall pay for each and every license the sum of
tendollars," and also the woids " who shall,"
and inserting ill lieu of them " whose business it
shall be;" so that it will read, "every person,
firm, or company whose business it shall bo,
&c., shall pay for each and every license the
sum of ten dollars."
The paragraph as it is now makes every miner-
pay a license of ten dollars, as well as those who
employ miners.
Mr, MORRILL. I do not think that the par-
agraph can be more explicit than it is.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. UPSON. I move to strike out the follow-
ing:
26. Conveyancers shall pay ten dollais for each license.
K.v. ry person, other than one holding a in'miso a* a lawyer
or claim agent, wlio&e business it is to draw deeds, bonds,
nmiigiiges^ willy, wilts, or other legal p.ipeis, or «o examine
title.- to real estate, bliall be legaidod a conveyancer undei
tins act.
And in lieu thereof to insert the following:
Conveyancers shrill pny ten dollars for cach license.
Every person, other tiiim one holding a license as a law-
yer or chum agent, who shall draw deeds, bonds, mort-
gages, wilte, writ's, or otherlegal pnpei.-s for otht  t*, ot whose
business it is to examine titles to real estate, shall be re-
gaided as conveyancers under this act.
I move this amendment for the reason that in
many parts of the country the provision of the
law as it now stands is held as not applicable to
