ft
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20,
38th Cong.... 2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Triumph of Liberty—Mr. Arnold.
Ho. of Reps.
boatman, a rail-splitter, a surveyor, a private sol-
dier in a campaign against the Indians, a member
of the Legislature of Illinois, and a very success-
ful lawyer on the circuit among the log court-
houses of the West. He had the advantage of
competing at a bar where very able men were his
competitors and rivals, and he always held a front
rank. As I have said on a different occasion, there
gathered, some twenty-five years ago, around
the plain pine tables of the rude court-houses of
central Illinois a very remarkable combination of
men. 'Among them Abraham Lincoln, Stephen
A. Douglas, Lyman Trumbull, O. H. Brown-
ing, E. D Baker, late the able and eloquent Sen-
ator from Oregon, the martyr of Ball's Bluff;
General James Shields, long Senator, who won
a high reputation on the battle-fields of Mexico;
General John J. Hardin, who fell on the bloody
field of Buena Vista; James A. McDougall, Sen-
ator from California; Governor Bissell, oneof the
ablest statesmen of Illinois,and the eloquent Rep-
resentative whose defense of the gallant soldiers
of that Siate drew a challenge from Jefferson
Davis,* then a member of Congress from Mis-
sissippi, which was accepted by Bissell, but the
Mississippian did not fight, withdrawing his chal-
lenge under the influence of General Taylor.
These, and many others equally able, were the
men with whom Lincoln in his career at the bar
was called to compete.
LINCOLN AND DOUGLAS.
But the man to whom Lincoln was most in-
debted for his training and his fame was his great
political rival, Stephen A. Douglas. These men,
both self-made and self-educated, coming in early
manhood to Illinois, soon became the leaders,
each of his party. No two men were more un-
like. Physically and mentally they were con-
trasts, Lincoln was the giant, Douglas was the
" Jutle giant." Small in person, a giant in intel-
lect, Douglas was bold, denunciatory, impetuous,
ardent, determined. He had the qualities which
create personal popularity, and he was ever the
idol of his party. His iron will, indomitable en-
ergy, full faith in himself and in his cause, united
with frank and magnetic manners, and a generous
heart, made him one of the strongest men in the
nation. These two men were members of the
Legislature of Illinois as early as 1836. Doug-
las had distinguished himself as an able debater
and controversialist in Illinois, in the House of
Representatives and Senate of the United States,
on the great question of slavery, and especially
of the treatment of this question in the Territo-
ries. After voting to apply the Missouri line
io Texas, he finally adopted the position of popu-
lar sovereignty, or squatter sovereignly as it was
called, leaving the people of each Territory to
settle the question of slavery for themselves. In
accordance with this principle he caused the re-
peal of the Missouri comptomise, and assumed
the position that the people of each Territory
should themselves choose whether they would
exclude or admit slavery. When Buchanan's
Administration became a party to the conspiracy
to make Kansas a slave State against the will of
the people, Douglas adhered to his principle of
popular sovereignty, and insisted that the people
of Kansas should decide, by a fair vote, the ques-
tion. This brought him in collision with the ex-
treme men of the slaveholders' party, and they
sought to degrade him by removing him from his
position of chairman of the Committee on Ter-
ritories. In July, 1858, the senatorial term of
Douglas was about to expire, and he came home
to enter upon the canvass for reelection.
In June, 1858, the Republican State conven-
tion met at Springfield, Illinois, and nominated
Abraham Lincoln for the United States Senate in
opposition to Douglas. The speech which Mr.
Lincoln made at that convention, brief as it is, is
one of the most reimarkable in our history. He
gave so clear au exposition of the struggle which
had Jong been going on between liberty and slavery
that his words immediately seized the attention
of the people and became historical. They were
recognized as expressinga great philosophic fact,
and the man who uttered them, then an obscure
lawyer, immediately secured the ear and soon the
hearts of the friends of liberty throughout the
Umon. His speech commencing, " A house di-
vided against itself," &c., is too familiar to need
quotation. Of the great conflict between liberty
and slavery he said, We shall not foil; wise
counsels may accelerate or mistakes may delay,
but sooner or later the victory is sure to come."
Such was the grave, philosophic appreciation by
Lincoln of thegreat contest then pending. With
this feeling he entered upon the memorable sen-
atorial canvass of 1858 with Senator Douglas.
This, whether looking at the persons engaged or
the principles involved, was the most remarkable
political contest in American history. The two
great parties throughout the Union paused to
watch its progress,and each observed with eager
solicitude every movement of its champion.
Soon after the arrival of Douglas from Washing-
ton, in the summerof1858, Mr.Lincoln challenged
him to a series of debates during the campaign.
The challenge was accepted. It was arranged that
there should be seven joint debates, each alter-
nately opening and closing the discussion; the
opening speech to occupy one hour, the reply one
hour and a half, and the close half an hour; so that
each tournament should be limited to three hours.
These debates, held in different sections of the
State apu in the open air, called together vast
thronsfs of people. They were conducted,with few
exceptions, with the dignity and courtesy becom-
ing the occasion. There was every motive to
imulate each champion to the exertion of his ut-
most power. Each was actuated by sincere convic-
tions that the success of his party was necessary to
the safety and prosperity of his country. The
Senatorship was the immediate personal prize
which would reward the victor, and in the future
was the Presidency, probably not overlooked by
either, certainly not forgotten by Douglas. The
great political questions at issue between the par-
ties were discussed; but each felt, instinctively,
that the slavery question was the question of ques-
tions. This absorbed all the interest. The question
of slavery in the Territories, the Dred Scott decis-
ion, the fugitive slave law, and the opinions of the
fathers, were among the topics most frequently
debated. Douglas went through this campaign
with the manner and the bearing of a conquering
hero. There was something grand in the bold-
ness with which he threw himself into the contest,
and dealt his blows right and left against the great
Republican party on one side, and the Adminis-
tration which sought to aid his defeat on the other.
Douglas and his friends were most liberal in their
expenditures in this canvass. He had ins special
trains of cats, a cannon, the firing of whi<^ an-
nounced his approach, bands of music, his circle
of devoted friends traveling with him, and it is
said there was expended in the canvass not less
than $50,000. Some idea of the plain, simple,
frugal habits of Mr. Lincoln may be gathered
from a remark made by him after its close, when
he said, with the idea apparently that he had been
somewhat extravagant, " I do not believe I have
spent a cent less than Jive hundred, dollars in this
canvass."
Senator Douglas was at that time undoubtedly
the leading debater in the United States Senate.
For years he had been accustomed to meet the
trained leaders of the nation in Congress, and
never, either in single combator receiving the iiie
of a whole party, had he been discomfited. He
was bold, defiant, aggressive, vigorous, fertile in
resources, terrible in denunciation, familiar with
political history, with practiced readiness in all
controversial discussion, of indomitable physical
and moral courage,and unquestionably the most
formidable man in the nation on the stump. The
friends ofLincoln were not without wnxiety when
the challenge was given, and accepted, for a cam-
paign on the stump. Lincoln was candid, cool,
truthful, logical, philosophical; never betrayed
into an unfair statement. The criticism upon liim
as a lawyer was verified and illustrated in these
debates: " On the right side of a case Lincoln is
an overwhelming giant; on the wrong side his
sense of justice and right makes him weak." 1
Douglas's ardor always made him, for the time,
believe the sitle he adopted was right. Lincoln ;
argued the side of freedom with the most pro- '
found conviction that its triumph was necessary
to the greatness and existence of his country.
It was wonderful how strongly in these dis-
cussions, as in all the acts of his public life, he
impressed the people with his fairness, honesty,
and truthfulness. Every hearer-in the vast crowds
who thronged to these discussions, whatever his
political views, went awaj^with the conviction,
" Lincoln belives what he says, he is candid, he
would not misstate a fact, or take an unfair ad-
vantage to secure a triumph." He had one ad-
vantage over Douglas—he was always good-
humored; he had always an apt and happy story
forillustration; and while Douglas was sometimes
irritable, Lincoln never lost his temper. Douglas
carried away the most popular applause, but Lin-
coln made the deeper and more lasting impres-
sion. Douglas did not disdain an immediate, an
ad captandum triumph, while Lincoln aimed at
permanent conviction. Douglas addressed preju-
dice, and especially the prejudice against the
negro, with an adroitness and power never sur-
passed. Lincoln stated his propositions, and sus-
tained them with the fullest historical knowledge
and irresistible logic. Douglas, owing to the fa-
vorable apportionment of the Senators and Rep-
resentatives in the State Legislature, carried a ^
majority and secured the Senatorship, although
a majority of the popular vote was recorded
against him.
These great debates made Douglas Senator and
Lincoln President.
CHICAGO CONVENTION OF I860.
On the 16th day of May, 1860, the Republican
convention met in Chicago to nominate candidates
for President and Vice President. An immense
building called the Wigwam, capable of holding
many thousands of people, had been erected by
the Republicansof Chicago. The principal can-
didates for the nomination for the Presidency
were William H. Seward, Simon Cameron, S.
P. Chase, and Edward Bates; but it soon became
apparent that the contest was between Seward
and Lincoln. Mr. Seward had been for many
years a leading statesman. He had long been a
prominent Senator, and had brought to the dis-
cussion of the great issues between freedom and
slavery a philosophic mind, broad views, great
sagacity, and a devoted love of freedom and hu-
manity. He had been Governor of New York,
a leading Senator, and up to that time had occu-
pied a far more conspicuous position before the
country than Mr. Lincoln. Hence, he was more
in the way of rivals, and was the object of more
bitter personal and party hostility of those sup-
porting Cameron, Chase, McLean, and Bates.
Mr. Lincoln was the second choice of 'a greater
number than Seward. Hence Mr. Lincoln's
nomination was very manifestly probable after
the first ballot. On that ballot Mr. Seward re-
ceived one hundred and seventy-two and a half
votes, to one hundred and two for Mr. Lincoln.
On the second, Mr. Seward had one hundred and
eighty-four tp one hundred and eighty-one for
Mr. Lincoln. On the third ballot Mr. Lincoln
was nominated; his nomination—then made unan-
imous,and Hannibal Hamlin, nominated for Vice
President—was received by thunders of shouts,
and the greatest possible enthusiasm prevailed for
the "young giant of the West, Abraham Lincoln."
Never did a party enter upon a canvass with
more sincere and earnest devotion to principle
than this. I*)ve of country and love of liberty
pervaded their hearts; a keen sense of the wrongs
and outrages committed on the free-State men of
Kansas, and the violent, and in many instances
savage cruelty by which freedom of speech and
liberty of the press had been suppressed in por-
tions of the slave States fired all hearts with en-
thusiasm and zeal. Confident of success, and
determined to leave nothing undone to secure it,
the Republican party entered upon the canvass.
The great metropolitan press, the New York
Tribune,Times,and Post,circulated everywhere,
exciting and urging the people to effort. The
leading statesmen of all sections took the stump
for Lincoln and liberty, and great crowds at
" mass meetings" hung with rapt attention upon
the stiiring speeches of their orators. These
speakers included nearly all the Republican Sen-
ators and Representatives in Congress, the Gov-
ernors of States, and all others who could effect-
ively address the people; and every part of the
free States was filled with speeches,newspapers,
and documents, urging the people to resist the
