761
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
engaged in the military service of the United
States.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Chairman, in regard to
this paragraph the question is reduced to a very-
small compass. The Committee of Ways and
' Means has deemed it proper, finding an existing
business, to provide for a responsibility in that
business, and for such revenue as may come from
it. Touching; the propriety of continuing th8
business, the Committee of Ways and Means has
deemed it proper to leave all such questions to
the proper committee of the House—perhaps the
Military Committee—which may report a bill to
prohibit it altogether. If members intend that
the business shall continue, let the terms on which
the license will be given be such as are consistent
with its continuance. If they wish to prohibit
it, the whole section should be stricken out, and
the Committee on Military Affairs should report
a bill prohibiting it entirely, I am satisfied that
the opinion of the committee is that this tax is
probably all that is consistent with the continu-
ance of the business as such. Finding it existing
as a business in the community, they have pro-
posed the highest tax consistent with its continu-
ance, If it is to be abolished, let an amendment
striking out the section be adopted, with the un-
derstanding-that the* business shall be prohibited
by law,asuitaUle bill for that purpose emanating
from the proper committee. That, I understand,
will meet the views of the Committee of Ways
and Means.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. MORRILL. I offer,pro formatamend-
ment to the amendment, to make the amount of
license $150.
I think, Mr. Chairman, that we have already
had sufficient experience in the imposition of
licenses as fines. In the case of lottery tickets,
this system resulted in yielding no revenue. It
is well known to all of us that the business of
substitute brokerage is carried on in all parts of
the country, and is extremely profitable. We
propose to obtain from thatbusiness all the reve-
nue that we think possible. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Davis] has shown to me an
amendment which he intends to offer atsome sub-
sequent period, and which proposes to obtain a
certain revenue upon every recruit that may be
offeied by a substitute broker. It would, perhaps,
be proper to adopt such an amendment. But so
far as the license is concerncd,! believe that $100
is all that we can reasonably expect. I hope the
amount will not be increased.
I withdiaw the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I believe
that this House is ready to cooperate with the
members of the Committee on Military Affairs in
the passage of a measure which will sweep away
almost entirely this business of substitute broker-
age. I may mention that that committee have
aheyily mtroduu'd a bill on this subject, which,"
1 believe, is next in order after the reconstruction
bill. It provides that all substitutes shall be cred-
ited to the town or district in which they reside.
The adoption of such a provision would, i be-
lieve, break up the business of the substitute
bi okers.
I hope, therefore, that this amendment will be
voted down, and that I may have an opportunity
to offer an amendment to strike out the whole
clause; for I dislike to see upon our statute-books
anything that seems to give a kind of counte-
nance to so nefarious a business.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I move to amend
by adding nlWr the word "license," in the two
hundred and fort y-ni nth line, the folio wing words:
And m addition therein, ten dollars for owl) substitute
proeined bv him and actually mustered into the military
service uf the United States.
The amendment was agreed to. '
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to strike out the
, entire paragraph.
_ Mr. BilOOAJ ALL. I move to amend the ori-
ginal text in line two hundred and fifty-two, after
the word ''drafted," to mseit the woids " or de-
siring representative recruits;" so that it will read:
f>i. Hub-titute biokers shall pay §100 fot each and evoiy
Rone-e. ±'vt,iy pu->on who shall funn-h, or offer to iur-
iHfft. lor pay, leo. or reward, volunirvj'., icpi oeuutive
reciuits. or fcubstitu'cs for men duUted, oi liable to be
drafted, or desiring representative recruits for the military
or naval service of the United States, shall be deemed a
substitute broker under this act.
Mr. Chairman, in explanation I will only say
that representative recruits are not furnished by
men drafted, or liable to be drafted, but by per-
sons not liable to be drafted at all.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. NELSON. I move to add the following
proviso:
Provided, That persons appointed in any State, county,
city, and town,ortheo*Iiceis thereof, to procure the enlist-
ment of volunteeis or substitutes for the quota of such
State, county, city, or town, for the military service of the
United States, shall not be considered substitute brokers.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to that
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I hope the
gentleman will include the word "district."
Mr. NELSON. I modify my amendment so
as to provide for districts and townships.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. KA.SSOJST. Mr. Chairman, I wish to say
I think that the committee would act with too
much haste to strike out the entire section in an-
ticipation of the action of the Military or other
Committee, and for this reason: as long as the
military law allows the procurement of substitutes
for personal military service, it is a great conven-
ience to people in a corporate as well as individ-
ual capacity to permit some intermediate to make
the proper negotiations for them. It concen-
trates the business and facilitates its transaction.
As long as it is allowed to be done—the furnish-
ing of substitutes—it is of some importance.that
it should be put under proper regulations. If you
strike out this provison entirely, and fail to pro-
vide for the proper military regulation of substi-
tute brokers, you are without revenue as well
as without improvement of the evils known to
exist.
I ask whether it is not best that the committee
should pass this clause as it now stands, and await
thenction of the Military Committeeand the action
of the House on the repor.t of that committee as
to whether I he business should be entirely abol-
ished,or regulated by proper mihtaiy law cover-
ing the military aspect of the case. My own
opinion is that we should allow the continuance
of the business, and leave the Military Commit-
tee to regulate that business, protect the Govern-
ment of the United States, the rights of substi-
tutes, and the rights of citizens equally touching
this entire subject. I think that we ought not to
strike the paragraph out until we know what is
the conclusion of the other committee on the sub-
ject. X think it safer to pass it as it is, and send
it to the Senate, and in the mean time we will get
a report from the Military Committee in refer-
ence to the proper law on the whole subject of
substitute brokers.
Mr. MORRILL. I think that the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Broom-
all] was adopted under a mistake, and I move,
by unanimous consent, that it be stricken out.
Mr. BROOMALL. I consent to that.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was btricken out.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I move to add
the following:
JJmlprovidedfmthcr, That such person or agent shall
receive no compensation exccpt tuch as is given by such
State, county, district, city, or town.
Mr. STILES moved that the committee rise.
Mr. MORRILL. Let us get through another
paragraph.
Mr. STILES. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. COBB. I move to amend by adding at the
end of the fifty-first clause, line three hundred
and fifty-four, the following:
Provided) That every substitute broker shall, upon con-
viction thereof, he confined at hard labor at the Dry Tor-
tugas, or Kip Raps, fur three years or during the war.
Mr. MORRILL. I raise a point of order upon
that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is out of order.
The question was put upon the motion of Mr.
Garfield to strike out; and it was not agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee informally rose, and the House
received a message from the Senate, by Mr.
Hickey, one of their clerks, announcing that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, bills of
the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 705) for the relief of collect-
ors and surveyors of customs in certain cases-, and
An act (H. R. No. 517) to incorporate the
National Union Insurance Company, of Wash-
ington.
Also that the Senate had passed the bill.(H.
R. No. 364) entitled "An act authorizing and re-
quiring the opening of Sixth street west," with
an amendment in which they requested the con-
currence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills of the
following titles, in which they requested the con-
currence of the House:
An act (S. No. 167) to incorporate an insur-
ance company in the city of Washington;
An act (S. No. 368) to incorporate the Sisters
of Mercy in the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 393) to authorize the corpora-
tion of Georgetown to levy certain taxes;
An act (S. No. 421) to amend an act entitled
"An act to incorporate the Columbia Institution
for the instruction of the deaf and dumb and the
blind," approved February 16, 1857; and
An act (S. No. 439) to change the name of Bor-
sey Edwin William Towson, of Georgetown, in
the District of Columbia, to that of Dorsey Ed-
win William Carter.
TAX BILL AGAIN.
The committee resumed its session; and the*
Clerk proceeded with the reading of the bill, and
continued it to the three hundred and sixty-fifth ,
line, when—
Mr. MORRILL moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pomkroy reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and par-
ticularly the bill (H. R. No. 744) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide internal revenue to
support the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 30, 1864, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
PENSION BILL.
Mr. WHALEY. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on Invalid Pensions a  
bill supplemental to the several acts relating to
pensions, that the same may be printed and re-
committed to the committee, with leave to report
at any time.
Mr. SCHENCK, I object to giving the com-
mittee any authority to report back the billatany
time.
Mr. WHALEY. This session is drawing rap-
idly to a clobe, and it is important'that the pen-
sion law should be amended. I only ask that it
may be reported, printed, and recommitted, with
the privilege to the committee to report it back at
any time, so that it may become a law before the
session expires.
Mr. SCHENCK. My objection goes only to
the leave to report the bill back at any time.
That would be equivalent to making it a special
order, and I know no reason why one committee
should have that privilege over another.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
this is partly a private and partly a public bill.
Would there be objection to allowing it to be
printed and recommitted, with the privilege of
reporting it back on the next private bill day?
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to that.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest that it be printed
and recommitted. , *
No objection being made, the bill was received,
ordered to be printed, and recommitted to the
committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the vote by
which the bill was recommitted be reconsidered. •
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. I move
that the Hoase do now adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
pending a motion to adjourn. The motion to
reconsider will be entered.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
