APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20,
38th Cons....2d Sess.
Reconstruction— Triumph of Liberty—Mr. Arnold.
Ho. of Reps.
president and Alexander H. Stephens vice presi-
dent. Meantime, while traitors were plottingand
the most active measures were going on by the
conspirators at the Capitol, in the Senate Cham-
ber, at the War and Navy Offices, and in the very
cabinetof the Executive Mansion, no attempt was
made by the President to interfere with, much less
arrest, the known, open, and avowed traitors.
The feeble old man in the presidential chair de-
clared that while secession was wrong the Gov-
ernment had no constitutional power to prevent
it. The conspirators were laboring to make the
revolution an accomplished fact before Mr. Lin-
coln could be inaugurated,and thus secure them-
selves against an attempt on his part to maintain
the Constitution and preserve the-Government.
They were active first in disarming and plunder-
ing the Government, taking possession of all forts,
ordnance, and material of war, and arming them-
selves. On the 6th of March the rebel congress
passed a bill for a military force of one hundred
thousand men. There was much debate and dis-
cussion in Congress on measures of compromise,
but the conspirators steadily refused to aid by
vote in the adoption of any measures of pacifica-
tion. It was clear that they had determined upon
dissolution of the Union and revolution. Charles
Francis Adams, one of the committee of thirty-
three in the House of Representatives to report
terms of conciliation, made a separate report, in
which he said:
" No form of adjustment will be satisfactory to the re-
cusant Slates which does not incorporate into the Consti-
tution of the United States a recognition of the obligation
to protect and extend slavery. Oil tills condition, anil on
this alone, will tltey consent to withdraw their opposition
to ilie recognition of the constitutional election of the
Oliiet" Magistrate. Viewing the matter in this light it seems
unadvisalile to attempt to proceed a step fui tlicr in tlie way
of offering unacceptable propositions."
The Democratic party in the free States were
many of them slow to condemn the movements of
the traitors. Their President and Cabinet were in
office and their friends filled nearly all the Federal
offices. There is little doubt the conspirators ex-
pected and counted upon the cooperation of the
Democratic party in the free States. While these
movements were going on Mr. Lincoln remained
at Springfield, a deeply anxious spectator. No
one will forget the dark and threatening aspect of
affairs in this winter of 18g0-61. A long-planned,
deep-laid conspiracy,about to break upon the land,
threatened all the horrors of civil war. Patriots
saw the dark clouds gathering, saw the tornado
coming, saw traitors plundering the ship of State,
boring holes in her bottom, disabling her, disarm-
ing her,and preparing to scuttle her, and yethad
no means to resist because the offices were filled
with traitors. How impatiently they prayed for
the 4th of March all will remember. All eyes
were turned to the West, to Lincoln, as the man to
rescue his country from the clutches of the con-
spirators. Hence, 011 his journey from Spring-
field to Washington, he was followed by crowds
of anxious, devoted men, everywhere invoking
for him the blessing, the guidance, the protection
of Almighty God. How deeply he himself felt,
and how oppressively he realized, the responsi-
bilities resting upon him, appears from the beau-
tiful, simple, and touching speech he made to his
neighbors from the platform of the rail car, on
starting, and bidding good-by to his old home.
The feeling'of the people was impressively ex-
hibited by the mottoes on the banners which they
extendpd across the streetsalong which he passed.
" We will pray for you," " God help you," was
often seen and repeated.
LINCOLN'S INAUGURATION.
No so solemn and impressive an inauguration
as that of 1861 has occurred since the Presidency
of Washington. Attempts had been made to throw
the carsiiyvhich Mr. Lincoln traveled toward the
capital from the track. Torpedoes had been placed
upon the railsto blow uptnecarin which he rode.
A conspiracy to assassinate him as he passed
through Baltimore was discovered, which induced
him, by advice of General Scott and others, to
change his route and to pass through that city at
an earlier hour than had been intended. Lieu-
tenant General Scott.cogmzant of the conspiracy
and aware of the dangers, made careful prepara-
tion to secure the peaceful performance of the cer-
emonies of inauguration, and he earnestly advised
Mr. Lincoln to come directly and immediately to
Washington. A great,anxiety pervaded the pub-
lic mind. It was known thatthe city of Washing-
ton was filled with traitors. But it wasalso known
that there were, in addition to the few.regular
troops under General Scott, many thousand people
from the North ready to defend with their lives
the President of their choice.
The President, having been inaugurated, and
passing to the White House, looked around him
to possess himself of the situation.
Congress had adjourned without making any
preparation to meet the impending difficulties.
The rebel government, after its leaders had stolen
the armsof the North,had seized the forts, arms,
and material of war in the seceded States. They
had robbed the Union of its arms. The public
offices were filled with traitors. The White
House itself, it is now known, had spies around
the President's own hearth. Lee and Johnson,
and Ewell and Hill, and Stuart and Magruder,
and Pemberton and Winder, and very many
others, still held commissions in the United States
Army. So it was in the Navy. Traitors were
everywhere in the public offices.
Such was the condition of things when this in-
experienced citizen of Illinois assumed the presi-
dential chair.1
THE CIVIL WAR.
The conflict between freedom and slavery now
assumed the proportions of a great civil war. It is
not my purpose to follow the varying fortunes of
that war, vast in the numbers engaged, stupen-
dous in the material, and treasure, and precious
human life expended. Through all its difficul-
ties and dangers, through all its varying changes,
from Bull-K.un and Ball's Bluff, to Vicksburg,
Gettysburgj'<Mission Ridge, and FortFisher; the
rise and fall of'generals; through the varying cam-
paigns ofMcClellan,and Fremont,and Burnside,
and Pope, and Hooker, and Meade, and Banks,
and Butler,down to the later and brighter triumphs
of Grant, and Sherman, and Thomas, and Sheri-
dan, and Farragut, and Porter, the President has
bepn always found faithful, patient, persistent, and
resolute; his sagacious eye ever fixed steadfastly
on one consummation—Union, liberty, and peace.
With a courage that has never faltered, with a
zeal that has never flagged, with a patriotism that
has absorbed his whole soul, and heart, and life;
with a faith and trust in God,in liberty,and justice
never shaken, and with a confiding trust'111 the
people, to which they have ever mostgenerously
responded, he has labored for the restoration of the
Union. As the slaveholders'conspiracy sought
to destroy the Union, to reconstruct it, with sla-
very the corner-stone, God has so shaped events
that the Union will be restored with liberty the
corner-stone. The great work of Lincoln—the
restoration of the integrity of the Union—draws
near its consummation. The gray of the morn-
ing begins to break; and soon the sun of peace
will emerge through the lurid clouds of war.
' PEACE.
But peace comes not yet. The conference in
Hampton Roads has not brought it. The sun of
peace will rise from behind the war-clouds that en-
velop the veterans of Sherman. It will break
forth from some great battle-field in the South—a
battle-field on which Lee's army shall be scattered
and overthrown. The path to peace lies over the
breastworks of Lee and through the defenses of
Richmond ! This peace, this permanent peace,
when it comes, brings with it national unity,na-
tional liberty, a free Republic from Plymouth
rock and Jamestown to the golden sands of the
Pacific. It makes one nation of a territory extend-
ing from sunrise to sundown; from the land where
ice never thaws to the sunny climes where water
never freezes; and all this land shall have one flag,
a homogeneous people, and one nationality. To
accomplish such an end is a grand cause to fight
for, a glorious causc to die for.
SLAVERY DIES BY ITS OWN HAND.
Slavery, having plunged the nation into this
terrible civil war, dies by the sword it drew to
maintain its own life and supremacy. That once
haughty power, lately so proud and defiant, now
totters to its final overthrow. Defeated ill the
field, its leaders the outcasts of the world, with
sympathy from no Christian people, the leaders
of the rebellion, who hold by military terror the
people in subjugation, approach the end of their
ignominious career. Their barbarous cruelties
to Union prisoners and their management of the
war has furnished the blackest page in the history
of civilization. They have illustrated the brutal-
izing influences of their darling institution. For
the sake of our race it could be wished that this
page could be blotted from American history.
These last four years of war have done the
work of acentury. The rapid and radical change
in public opinion may be traced in the action of
Congress. The Thirty-Seventh Congress com-
menced by confiscating and freeing slaves used
by rebels, freeing "contrabands." Then it en-
acted that no officer or soldier of the Union Army
should restore a fugitive slave. Then it conse-
crated the national capital to freedom. It secured
to the long-oppressed African the right to testify
in the courts, the right to a fair jury trial, making
all men equal before the law. Soon thereafter
Congress prohibited slavery forever in all the
territory which was then held or which might
thereafter be acquired by the United States, there-
by securing by that one act one third of the area
of the nation to freedom. The Thirty-Seventh
Congress went still further and declared that the
slaves held by rebels should be free, and au-
thorized the President to receive into the Army
persons of African descent, thus conferring the
privilege upon the negro of fighting for his lib-
erty, and giving him the arms and the pay of a
soldier, and inspiring the manliness of a freeman.
That badge of northern servitude, the fugitive
slave law, was repealed, and the coastwise slave
trade prohibited. Meanwhile the Executive was
not behind Congress in striking at the cause of
the war. The great proclamation of freedom,
which emancipated more than three million slaves,
will live in history forever and carry the name of
its author down to future ages as the emancipa-
tor of a race. The Stafe governments also, as
soon as relieved from the control of rebel influ-
ences, were equally zealous to relieve themselves
of this curse alike to black and white. Mary-
land, West Virginia,and Missouri, adopted new
constitutions abolishing and prohibiting slavery
forever. The Union citizens of Louisiana, Ar-
kansas, and Tennessee, are doing the same.
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
But one step more remained to consummate
this great work of securing liberty throughout
the Republic—an amendment of the organic law,
the Constitution, abolishing and piohibiting sla-
very throughout the United Slates. This the
President recommended and urged as a consum-
mation of the proclamation and of the laws of
Congress.
TheThirty-Eighth Congress has immortalized
itself by the adoption of the joint resolution sub-
mitting such an amendment of the Constitution
to the States for their adoption. The States are
ratifying this proposed amendment with earnest
activity, and but a few months will pass before
it will have been adopted by the requisite num-
ber to make it a part of the Constitution. The
adoption of this constitutional amendment may
be regarded as the national sentence of death to
slavery pronounced by Congress. It is theevent
of the century, and will ever stand out in the
record of man's history to mark the advance of
the race.
Possibly this result might have been accom-
plished by peaceful agencies, but it would have
required many long years. Nothing but this
earthquake of war, brought on by the slavehold-
ers themselves, could have accomplished this
great revolution. Now, when victories first, and
wise counsels after victories, shall bring peace—
peace with liberty and union—our country will
take her place, the leading Power of civilization,
the head of Christendom.
In passing thus rapidly over these eventful
years none can fail to recognize the hand of Al-
mighty God in these most wonderful changes. I
desire in these my last words in Congress rever-
ently to invoke the blessing of God upon our be-
loved country, and that He will bless us and guide
us through all the clouds which still overshadow
our country to peace, union, and liberty secured
by law.
