1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled a bill for the relief of the heirs of Almon
D. Fislc, deceased; when the Speaker signed the
same.
The- motion to adjourn was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at four o'clock and
forty minutes, p, m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 13,1865.
Prayer by Rev. Thomas Bowman, D. D., Chap-
lain to the Senate.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, and by unanimous
consent, the reading of the Journal of Saturday
was dispensed with.
NATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the report of the National Academy of
Sciences for the year 1864, which was ordered
to be printed; and a motion of Mr. Wilson to
print five hundred additional copies for the use
of the Academy was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. JOIJNSON presented a memorial of mer-
chants, mechanics, and manufacturers of Balti-
more, remonstrating against the passage of the
bankrupt bill; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented the petition of William H.
Watkins, late captain company K, Purnell le-
gion, Maryland volunteers, asking for pay due
iiim as such from October 95, 1864, to January
5, 18G5; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
He also presented the memorial of Andrew J.
Wilcox, praying for certain amendments to the
Constitution of the United States with a view to
the settlement of our unhappy difficulties; which
was referred to„the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON presented the memorial of the
Boston Board of Trade, praying for the passage
of the bill for the construction of a ship-canal
around the falls of Niagara; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs arid the
Militia.
He also presented the petition of Mary How-
ard Schoolcraft, praying payment for services
rendered by her husband' in superintending the
collection and publication of statistics of Indian
tribes; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented resolutions
of the Legislature of Kansas in favor of indemni-
fying the citizens of that State who suffered loss
by reason of Sterling Price's raid in that State in
October, 1864, and for damages sustained by acts
of our own Army; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the petition of
J. W.'Gordon, late major eleventh UnitedStates
infantry, praying that the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Tieasury may be authorized to credit
him for payments of bounty to enlisted men;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented a petition
of citizens of Indiana and Illinois, praying for
the establishment of a mail route from Newpo/t,
Vermillion county, Indiana, to Ridge Faim, Ver-
million county, Illinois; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. DIXON presented a petition of colored
persona in the city of Washington, District of
Columbia, praying for a charter under the name
of the. Colored Benevolent Association of Wash-
ington city; which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of book-
sellers and newspaper publishers of Buffalo, New
York, praying' for the repeal of the import duty
on chemicals, feltmgs, wire-cloths,and otherarti-
cles U|ed m the manufacture of paper, anil also
the abolition of the excise tax; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of merchants and
citizens of the city of New York, praying for the
passage of the bill to establish a uniform system of'
bankruptcy throughout the United States; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of officers in
the Navy praying compensation for clothing lost
on board of vessels destroyed, of which they were
part of the ship's complement; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HARLAN presented resolutions of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Ne-
braska in favor of the payment of the Nebraska
militia while actually employed in the service of
the Government in repelling hostile Indians and
guarding the United States mail and Pacific tele-
graph, and protecting the border settlers; which
were referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a memorial from the
Boston Board of Trade, signed by their president
and secretary, in which tfiey say that they have
heard with great satisfaction of the passage by
the House of Representatives of a bill for the
construction of a ship-canal around the falls of
Niagara, and they earnestly hope the Senate will
concur with the House in sanctioning and pro-
viding for this public work. I understand that
bill has been referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. I move that this memorial be re-
ferred to the same committee.
Mr-. MORRILL. I suggest, as that does not
seem to be a military matter, whether it should go
to that committee.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator understands there
is a bill on the subject which is before the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and I move that this
memorial be referred to the same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
STEAMSHIP LINE TO CIIINA. '
Mr. CONNESS. I move to postpone all prior
orders and to take tip the bill (S. No. 407) to
authorize the establishment of ocean mail steam-
ship service between the United States and China.
The motion was agreed to.
It proposes to authorize the Postmaster Gen-
eral to invite proposals by public advertisement,
for the period of sixty days, in one or more news-
papers published in the cities of Washington,
New York, Philadelphia, Boston, and San Fran-
cisco, respectively, for mail steamship service be-
tween the port of San Francisco, m the United
States, and some port or ports in the Chinese em-
pire, touching at Honolulu, 111 the Sandwich Isl-
ands, and one or more ports in Japan, by means
of a monthly line of first-class American sea-going
steamships, to be of not less than two thousand
tons burden each, and of sufficient number to per-
form twelve round tups per annum, and to con-
tract with the lowest responsible bidder for the
service for a term of not more than ten years, to
commence from the day the first steamship of the
proposed line shall depart from the port of San
Francisco with the mails for China. No bid is
to be considered which shall amount to more than
$500,0C0 for the twelve round trips per annum,
nor unless it is from a citizen or citizens of the
United States, and accompanied by an offer of
good und sufficient sureties (also citizens of the
United States) for the faithful peifortnance of the
contract.
The second section provides that any contract
which the Postmaster General may execute, under
the authority of the act, shall go into effect on or
before the 1st day of September, 1866, and shall,
in addition to the usual stipulations of ocean mail
steamship contracts, provide that the steamships
accepted for the service shall _be constructed of
the best material and after approved models, with
all the modern improvements adapted to sea-going
steamships of the iiist class, and shall be subject
to inspection and survey by an experienced naval
constructor, to be detailed for that purpose by the
Secretaiy of the Navy, whose report shall be made
to the Postmaster General. The Government of
the United States is to be entitled to Ifave trans-
ported, free ofexpense, on each and every steamer,
a mail agent, to take charge of and arranee the
mail matter, to whom suitable accommodation for
tliatpurpose shall be assigned, in case of failure
from any cause to perforin any of the regular
monthly voyages stipulated for in the contract,
a pro rata, deduction is to be made fioro the com-
pensation on account of such omitted voyage or
voyages; and suitable fines and penalties maybe
imposed for delays and irregularities in the per-
formance of the service, and the Postmaster Gen-
eral is to determine the contract at any time in
case of its being underlet or assigned to'any.other
party.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
reported two amendments to the bill. The firsst
amendment was in line twelve, section one, to ■
strike out " two" and insert " three," so as ti>
read, " steamships, to be of not less than three
thousand tons burden."
The amendment was agreed to.
■The next amendment was in line four of'sec-
tion two, to strike out •"September, 1866,"and
insert "January, 1867,"so as to read,"shall go
into effect on- or before the 1st day of January,
1867:"
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. HALE. Will somebody be so good as to
state what the annual expense of this line will be ?
Mr. COLLAMER. The provision of the bill
is that it shall not exceed §500,000.
Mr. HALE. How much do the committee
expect will be realized from postages on this line?
Mr. COLLAMER. They do not expect any
very large gum at present. The contract is not
to go into effect until 1867 at any rate; so that
there is no present outlay. -The bill merely in-
vites proposals to set up a line of steamers of not
less than three thousand tons burden, and it will
take till 1867 to do it; the parties will have to build
the steamers in the mean time. The amendment
of the committee requires the ships to be at least
three thousand tons burden, and I will state the
reason for that. That is not as large as the
steamers the Pacific Mail Steamship Company
now have on that ocean. If small steameis are
used, they will just about carry their own fuel,
and their commercial capacity will amount to but
a trifle, and the moment the subsidy of the Gov-
ernment runs out they will fall, whereas if large
steamers are used so that they can carry some
fifteen hundred tons of commercial burden beside
their fuel, the line may, when the subsidy ex-
pires, at the end of .en yeais, be able to sustain
itself.
A bill for this purpose was passed by the Sen-
ate three years ago by a very strong vote. It was
at that time moved by Senator Latham, of Cali-
fornia, and sustained by a very decisive vote in
this body. This is a renewal of the same propo-
sition, but on a less expensive scale. There is
one part of the world which British enterprise
has not yet covered with subsidized mail steam-
ship lines, and that is the trade across the Pacific
ocean. They have a line down the west coast of
South America, but they have none across the
ocean commanding the commerce between the
continents. It is, I believe, almost the only track
that is left in this world of which we can avail
ourselves without competition, and unless we at-
tend to this at once they will soon, in all prob-
ability, possess themselves of this, and American
enterprise and American commerce must entirely
succumb. I cannot occupy at present the attention
of the Senate with the tables I have before me,
showing the present commeice on the Pacific,
but if gentlemen will look at them they will find
them very interesting; and this commerce will be
very much increased if we get our railroad mado
to the Pacific, and in the mean time secure some
measure of communication across the Pacific
ocean between the two continents, making that
trade subsidiary to our enterpris'e and our interest.
The door is now open to effect it. If we do not
do it soon, we lose it forever. I do not think it
worth while to take up the time of the Senate by
saying anything more oil the subject now.
Mr. HALE. As 1 read this bill, the Senator
from Vermont is mistaken in saying that it does
not go into immediate operation and effect. The
second section, as I read it, is that any contract
which the Postmaster General may execute under
the authority of this act, shall go into effecton or
before the 1st day of September, 1866.
Mr. COLLAMER. The contract is to take
effect, but the pay is not to commence until the
steamers aie actually built and running on the
ocean. They have got to build them, and it will
take two years to build them.
Mr. HALE. Where is that provision? They
may be bought and putm operation to-morrow.
Mr. COLX.AMER- There are not any in
America to buy. They have no other resource
