n
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20,
38th Cons....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Bloio.
Ho. of Beps.
in the sunshine of his native region, perspiring
to his heart's content and to the benefit of his
health over the work that has been lightened by
the rich and nutritious food he constitutionally
craves. From my earliest years i have known
the race well; no prejudice rests on my mind
toward them; they are simple, trusting, and
affectionate in their character and dispositions,
contented with little, greatly disposed to innocent
amusements, lively, careless,but with an earnest
vein of piety that shows itself in their love of
sacred music and the touching eloquence of their
prayers. They love, as I luive said, the warm
sunshine. They are as receptive as a sponge,
and like a sponge cling to the heated coasts that
are wasted by oceans and rivers.
But a word in regard to those unnaturally
planted in the colder climate of Maryland, Vir-
'ginia, Kentucky, Missouri, and'northern Arkan-
sas. It would seem, sir, that the hand of Prov-
idence is directing their course toward a more
congenial region: They may linger for a long
time in Maryland. More than halfofthcm have
long been free, but they have for years been flow-
ing from old Virginia in a steady current south,
and recently have been rushed out of the Slate;
while in Kentucky, Missouri, and Arkansas, hun-
dreds of thousands of able-bodied men have been
run off by rebel masters, or taken south with our
armies, never again, in my opinion, to occupy
their former homes; leaving the institution in these
splendid States so eittiiely valueless that every cal-
culating and enlightened slave-owner felt that what
remained of it was a burden no longer to be borne
by liim with profit or pleasure. 1 can testify to the
genuine loyalty and liberality of many of the re-
cent slave-owners of Missouri, who, like my elo-
quent colleague who came over so frankly fertile
constitulionalamendment, notoiilv part with their
able-bodied slaves that they may defend thehonor
of the nation in our armies, but who will bow as he
does to the will of our people, feeling'that every
consideration of justice, humanity, and policy,
requires that the remainder should become free.
For years in Missouri we have battled to confer
upon them tliis inalienable right as no other State
ever has or ever will. We have defended their
manhood, advocated early their adoption as sol-
diers and sailors. We have sympathized with
them in the trying ordeals through which they
have passed in the rebellious States, hated the
oppression that ground (hem to the earih, the
barbarity that hunted them with blood-hounds,
and the disgraceful inhumanity that has made
Fort Pillow a monument of the demoralization of
secession. And though the constitutional con-
vention which is now 111 session in St. Louis may
liot and should not, in my humble judgment,
gram them immediate suffrage, as has been pro-
posed by some of our leading abolitionists, their
iuture, in the hands of those who have so far ad-
vanced them, will never cause the friends of free-
dom to blush. When they are fitted for the high-
est privileges we enjoy they Will notbedenied them.
But, as 1 have said, secession has broken up
the colored race in Missouri, and most of those
lelt are old men and women and children,to pass
away in a few years by death and emigration,
and until that time to remain perhaps more iso-
lated from the present population than in the days
of slavery.
Well, Mr. Speaker, the people of the South and
not those of the middle States, under all circum- 
stances require the negio, even us he desires, to
remain on the spot so dear to him; if slave,
they make him a cornerstone; if free, ho is equally
a necessity, not only to the South but to the en-
tire country. Great liabilities incurred partially
for his benefit have to be met, and all the labor
we can command will be needed m our fields and
workshops to repair the losses of the rebellion
and to meet the demands of icturmng prosperity.
JLet us, then, encourage these people to remain just
where they are, and, judiciously protected, let
them and the men who have so nobly stood by
our Hag, work out their destiny. Millions of
whites will be attracted to the favored region
stretching along the Atlantic and the Gulf? its
products will far surpass those of the palmiest
days of organized slave labor, and wealth will
be accumulated with startling rapidity; national
pride will bo restored; and if we adjust this great 1
rebellion with the statemanship demanded by the
age, the people of both sections will forget the
past in bringing back the recollections of the hap-
pier and better days of the Republic.
But suppose the blacks are thus compacted in
their favorite clime, are they to remain separate
and apart from our population, or, like the mighty
river whose darker current is lost in the clearer
waters of the Gulf, are they to be absorbed ?
This, to me, should not cause any uneasiness or
keep a single man from voting them freedom and
happiness. They have been at the mercy of our
whites for a long time, and the result has been an
admixture varying from one fourth to one tenth of
the black population of the Gulf States. Secure
them freedom, schools, and churches, the way to
wealth, with the hopes they will indulge of polit-
ical advancement in their own States,and we
simply discharge an enlightened Christian duty.
It may be that at some remote period, as has been
often argued by philosophers and statesmen,and
evidenced by the history of nations, we may wit-
ness the gradual absorption of the inferior by the
superior race. The traveler who then writes of
the sunny South will have to record the fact that
a large proportion of the population, though not
the pure white of the northern States, have the
clear olive complexions of the tropics,and a tinge
mantling their cheeks that discloses the richer,
purer blood that courses through their veins; but
1 am free to say, that in my opinion such a con-
dition will not occur in this century except from
a heavy emigration into these States. And here
comes the most delicate question in regard to re-
construction: if weleave the loyai resident masses
of the South the solution of the problem, admix-
ture to any extent will be avoided for the present,
at least, and the most offensive proposition that
has ever been forced by the errors of our fore-
fathers on this suffering generation will not re-
main to disturb the harmony of a restored Union.
For myself, sir, though deeply interested in all
that pertains to the rebel States, and looking as
1 am with intense anxiety for the moment they
are to yield to us, my lot is cast with the great,
free West. My father long ago abandoned that
southern home where an impoverished family had
no future. I was born near the stubborn, haughty
capital where two mighty armies now confront
each other, upon a soil that pride has christened
sacred, and truly now can it be called most sacred.
In its bosom reposes the Father of his Countiy;
the best and greatest sons of the Old Dominion
all lie there. My own ancestors, forgenerations,
aie muldering in her soil; and yet with me all
these recollections are as nothing compared with
the reflection that hundreds of thousands who
have gallantly bled and died for freedom and
unity also lie there.
But 1 was going to say that I have fought the
battle of life so far with free white men. My
heart has ever been with them, in the field, the
workshop, and the mine. I live to urge State
and national developments, and to advance the
cause of civilization and progress; but the em-
pire in which we live is laige enough and rich
enough for the true-hearted and industrious men
of all nations and climes, and our hands of wel-
come are ever extended to them. My heart
bounds how as 1 look over the rich and wide-ex-
tended valley which lies in that belt, embracing
the Christianity, tlie cultivation, and genius al-
most of the world. There 1 have labored from
my youth, and my prayer is that when I come
to die—and 1 hope it may be in the Indian sum-
mer of life—that I may be buried in the midst
ol the brave, true men and women who have
rescued Missouri from the grasp.of slavery and
fixed her, the brightest jewel, in the diadem of
freedom. Could 1 feel less, nfterall my glorious
State has accomplished, followed by all that the
Switzerlandic home of loyalty has done for Union
and humanity? 1 dare say more. If I had the
power 1 would on the instant wrench this mighty
mass of marble from its base, with its magnifi-
cent halls, where a nation sits in council, and its
classic front, its dome of surpassing beauty, and
helmeted goddess should look f'oiever toward that
mighty domain of which Missouri is the center.
Mr. Speaker, these remarks, thrown together
rapidly, must be lengthened somewhat by an al- ,
lusion to the very interesting collation of facts |j
and the elaborate arguments submitted a few days
•ago-hy the honorable gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Kelley.] 1 am painfully aware, sir,
that we do not agree as to the method in which
we are to restore the rebellious States, except in
the general idea and belief that no reunion can be
blest of God that does not bear the impress of His
all-wise teachings. I will not attempt to aiiswer
his brilliant essay—many hours of toil and study
"as well as the rich experience of the gentleman's
political career, are evidenced in its~pages—-but
I may be permitted to remark, that whiie we are
aiming at the same result our feelings separate
us in the'mannerof reaching it. His whole effort
is a defense of and tribute to the black man, and
1 am bound to infer from its tono that lie has not
been familiar with this race in the slave States.
He proposes an amendment which in Louisiana
would throw the question of suffrage in the hands
of the black man. In other Slates to be recon-
structed this would be the result to a greater
extent than in Louisiana, and the whole aigu-
ment is directed to the prostration, ay, sir, the
humiliation, of the white man. Even in Arkansas
and Tennessee they would hold the balance of
power, and the devoted patriots of those States
would have to submit their life-longexpenence of
republican institutions and progress to the ap-
proval, if not the direction, of this class, admit-
ted, I believe, by the gentleman to be just emer-
ging from the ignorance of slavery. True, sir, he.
has referred to the colored descendants of the
French and other early settlers in Louisiana,
whose appeal, on a recent occasion, bears the
marks of cultivation and elevation, and I too can
testify to the loyalty and education of some of
these very men, and the bill offered by the com-
mittee allows such as have shown their love of
union and liberty, and thus ennobled themselves,
the privilege which the gentleman proposes in
his amendment.
But we are separated in this matter again by
our feelings. I have perfect confidence in the
loyalty of the white men in Louisiana and Ar-
kansas now in possession of these Stale govern-
ments, and their perfect sincerity in dealing
humanely with the black man, and will advocate
no measure which slurs them or claims for us a
deeper loyalty or purer patriotism. And if my
friend will excuse me forgoing a lutle further, I
think in Ins intense desire to do justice to the
colored race he greatly underrates not only our
white loyal brothers of the rebellious States, but
does great injustice to the character and honor of
the rebels themselves. 1 may be wrong, sir, but
if peace could come to-morrow on the basis of
freedom, as proposed by the Piesident and en-
dorsed by our own action, I do not think the
good faitJi of those in arms against us would be
doubled by the masses of the people in the loyal
North, certainly not in the gentleman's own
State. In this view I am sorry to differ widily
wuh my friend. If I am mistaken and he n
right, I will despair of ever seeing anyi lung like
the good feeling of the past in any reunion here-
after.
But, sir, I have a fault to find with the distin-
guished orator on another point. In Missoun,
much as we have had to do with this great, ques-
tion, we have never lost sight of the obligations
imposed upon us to take particular care of those
in our own midst. For years befoie this rebel-
lion, and during this rebellion, we lmve made
enormous sacrifices to give them freedom. Our
impelling molive was humanity and progress,
directed in all cases by a superior regard for our
own race. Now, sir, that we have triumphed
I am sure that in good time our freedmen will
enjoy all the rights that they are fairly entitled to.
This, I am equally sure, will occur in Arkansas
and Louisiana, from the enlightened impulses of
the white man there; but how fare the 2\!,185eol-
ored people in the gentleman's own city, 6,166of
whom to-day, by his own argument, should be
voters, and many of whom should have had this
right twenty-five years ago?
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. BLOW. With great pleasure.
Mr. KELLEY. It is from no want of effort
on my humble part that the American citizen of
African descent does not enjoy the right of suf-
frage in Pennsylvania. When in the bosom of
