1865.]
I TO THE OONatESSIO'ML GLOBE;
38th Cons.... 2d Sbss.
Reconstruction—Mr. Edgerton.
Ho. of Beps.
the Democratic party I advocated it. I never
ceased to denounce the men who inserted the word
"white," arid made an odious distinction by
which the moral and patriotic man may be dis-
franchised and the immortal traitor may enjoy the
right of suffrage. The stain on Pennsylvania in
that regard dors not attach to me.
Mr. BLOW". I will not make any charges
against the member from Pennsylvania or the
gteat party to whjch we both belong; but I will
say this much, that when I commence the labor
of love to which he has devoted his acknowledged
talents, with the permission of the gentleman and
his party in Pennsylvania, I will make the Quaker
city missionary ground.
One point more, sir, and I am done. The
honorable gentleman alluded to the South Amer-
ican republics to establish his theory in regard to
the capacity of the black race and their happiness
as freed men and citizens with all the political rights
under those Governments. It was my fortune,
good or bad, sir, to reside in one of those repub-
lics, and under circumstances that gave me a full
opportunity of investigating the cause of their
revolutions and their deplorable condition both
morally and politically. There are many noble
people in South America, and the Mantuanos of
Venezuela, as well as the Yenzolanos, have vir-
tues, not the least of which are their warm attach-
ments and generous hospitalities. They are chiv-
olric, too, and the pride of old Spain runs through
their character; but when it comes to the colored
and Indian races, the Mulattos, Mestizos, Zam-
bos,and other mixtures, making up the large mass
of the population, not only there, but generally in
the republics of Spanish South America, the whole
forming an element to be used by the wily dema-
gogue, the observing American who sojourns long
in their midst will be at no loss to account for the
frequent revolutions that have degraded and beg-
gared the people of that favored clime.
It is humiliating to acknowledge that the most
enlightened nations of the world have had their
diplomatic and commercial representatives in these
countries for years without advancing the inter-
ests of religion and morality, and our own Gov-
ernment, i am ashamed to say, has not for many
years before the present Administration done any-
thing to elevate the character of these sister re-
publics, though proclaiming all the time a doc-
trine which should have been strengthened by our
sympathy shown in their advancement, and not
in a policy which has hastened their decline, if not
positively aided their revolutionists.
I beg my friend to examine the subject further and
he will find that South American suffrage has not
built up one stable government, and that the fat£
of Mexico may soon be that of those republics, de-
moralized if not ruined by mixed races; and when
peace reigns throughout our land I will with all
my heart join the honorable gentleman in any
effort to reclaim and advance the people who were
stimulated by us in their love of freedom, and
among whom the prevailing sentiment is, "Queri-
musmucho a los AmericanosAnd here, sir, is
an American who loves that unfortunate people.
Beautiful Venezuela! How often have I gazed
from your Calvaire upon the capital city, nestling
in the bosom of the lofty Andes 1 How often
have I dwelt in wonder upon the rich products
of your prolific soil, the great white sugar-cane,
the coffee tree in full bearing, and the fruits and
flowers that even now I dream of, and felt that
with such a Government as we once had the In-
dies would fail to rival you in wealth. I can never
forget such a land, ana tiie fate of her people is
very near to my heart. God grant that the day
may soon come when her mountains and llanos
may teem with an intelligence and morality that
will guaranty peace and prosperity to thosewho
have suffered so long and so patiently.
Mr. Speaker, I am perfectly aware that my
viewsare not presented with the care and thought
that distinguish many of the members of this
body, fitted by culture and long experience for
the discussion of the loftiest themes demanded by
the condition of the day. I do not expect, sir, to
instructor enlighten this body or the country;
but I do intend to do my part in impressing upon
both the necessity of our being considerate in the
adjustment of the great questions bearing upon
our future union and happiness.
I should never think myself of endeavoring to
direct the internal policy of the great State of
Pennsylvania, or of the party there to which I
belong. I should not dare, sir, at this moment to
advance any theory, even if-1 had the acknowl-
edged ability of those men of our own party who
are now in the highest places in our Government,
for the simple reason that 1 believe it to be the
solemn duty of every loyal man, whose heart
beats with the love of God and his country, to
do first all in his power to restore that country
before he ventures on any theory, and least of
all one that is fraught with mischief, if not dis-
cord.
I demand for my own State, in whose metrop-
olis is now assembled a convention composed of
the heroic men who have grappled hand to hand
with slavery, that we be permitted to settle this
question of suffrage in our own way. I think we
have a right not only to do this, but to expect
that gentlemen who have had no such experiences,
and live far away from the evil which we have
overcome so thoroughly, will trust our manhood
and intelligence.
Demanding this, I am bound to concede it to
those in Louisiana and Arkansas whose experi-
ence surpasses ours, whose sacrifices are even
greater than ours,and to doubt whose patriotism
would, to my mind, be a crime almost equal to
denying a colored population, long enlightened
and refined, and living in the midstof philanthro-
pists, the right of suffrage. I believe that if we
are to come out of this struggle for free institu-
tions in such a manner as will challenge the ad-
miration and respect of the greatest nations of the
earth we must raise, notlower, the standard of an
American citizen. We must guard with a sa-
credness never felt before those privileges calcu-
lated to resist the ravages of time. No fears then
can disturbour future; no kingly power or traitor-
ous host arrest the march of progress and civiliza-
tion. Our vast and varied resources will then be
rapidly developed,-our beautiful and fertile lands
occupied by millions of Christian freemen. The
daily light which softly rises from the bosom of
the Atlantic will course its way over such an em-
pire as the nations never saw; ay, an empire en-
joying a degree of prosperity and happiness such
as was never before vouchsafed to the children of
men; and as its golden hues sink into the far-off
Pacific the prayerofeveryloverofliberty through-
out the wide, wide world, will bev, troi> save the
great Republic!
   /
KJSCONSTRUCTION. V
SPEECH OF HON. J. K. EDGERTON,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 20, J 865- '■
The House having under consideration the special order,
being the reconstruction bill—
Mr. EDGERTON said:
Mr. Speaker: The bill before the House is
one of preeminent importance, whether we re-
gard its principles or its practical consequences.
If it becomes a law it will establish a dangeious
theory ill our Federal system, and its conse-
quences will be to change a Union hitherto really
federative into a consolidated Union, republican
for a time in form, but monarchical in substance.
Legislative and executive action and judicial in-
terpretation, and if need be constitutional amend-
ment, will hereafter, as in the last four years, all be
brought to bear to consummate and establish this
result. What the remote consequences in the
future may be upon the liberty and welfare of
the people, on whom ever fall the evils of mis-
rule, history will reveal, we can only conjecture.
It is easier to pull down than to build up; it is
easier to make changes than to make improve-
ments. State sovereignty, once honored of the
people, and which is the true conservator of the
principles of democratic liberty and of our Fed-
eral system, has fallen into the sere and yellow
leaf and goes tottering to an unhonored grave.
Destroyers, quite as much as creators and buildeis
have bad fame in history. The men of this Ad-
ministration, the John Browns of this day and
generation, have more honor even here, in this
legislative Hall, sir, than the master spirits who
made our system of government and gave^&r
us as a priceless inheritance. We are but verify-
ing the satire of the poet:
"The ^spiring youth that fired the Ephesiandome,
Outlives in fame tile pious fool that reared it."
Mr. Speaker, there are two questions which
should test every measurfe of legislation proposed
in this House. These are: First, is it constitu-
tional? Second, is it politic or expedient? Tried
by these tests the bill before the House, in any of
the forms in which it has beep presented, wholly'
fails to commend itself to my approval.
I do not oppose this bill, sir, because it is per
se an anti-slavery measure, as it clearly is, for I
am and ever have been an anti-slavery man; and
if I were to follow merely my anti-slavery sym-
pathies, and not my judgment and convictions of
duty as a citizen and a Representative, I might
not oppose the bill. If its object was by Federal
power to impose slavery constitutions, instead
of anu-slavery constitutions, upon the southern
States, I would oppose it for the same reasons
that now command my opposition. It would be
sufficient reason for my opposition that in either
case the bill would be a direct and revolutionary
invasion of the reserved rights of the States. And
here, sir, once for all, in my own behalf and in
behalf of the great politiaal organization with
which i have the honor to act, if 1 do but utter
one of its humblest voices, I deny that it is or ever
has been a party in the interests of slavery, or
that its opposition to anti-slavery legislation by the
FedeialGovernment has been based upon adesire
to extend or perpetuate slavery. Ithas,sir, been
eminently a party for democratic progress in all
things, and as the best and surest means to achieve
that progress it has been a party for#and in the
interest of the Federal Union and Constitution.
To their preservation it has subordinated the
question of negro slavery and all kindred ques-
tions. Its purpose has been to stand by and main-
tain, in letter and in spirit, the bond of Federal
Union, which granted to the Federal Govern-
ment control over national affairs, and left to the
States, as their reserved, inherent, sovereign right,
control over their own domestic affairs; and of
these negro slavery is one. Such has been from
the beginning, and is now, the position of the
Democratic party, and it ill becomes those of its
opponents who, whether under the name of Whig
or Democrat in other years, and, I may say, in
recent months, held opinions identical wjth those
of the Democratic party upon the constitutional
power and policy of Federal intervention with
negro slavery, to impugn, as they do, the mo-
tives ofDemocrats who remain faithful to their
principles, or to charge them with infidelity to
their country because they have a higher standaid
of duty, a surer anchorage for their political opin-
ions than ill the hope of office and popular ap-
plause, or in the changeful results of popular elec-
tions. 1 rejoice to know, sir, that there are still
on this floor faithful Representatives of the one
million eight hurtdred thousand Democratic voters
of the United States; such Representatives, sir,
as can neither be purchased, nor seduced, nor in-
timidated by the power of a corrupt Administra-
tion, nor swayed by popular clamor, lam thank-
ful that,-when the Constitution of my country,
under the form of a constitutional amendment,
was stricken down by the strong hand of a revolu-
tionary majority in this Halt on the 31st of Jan-
uary last, the deed was not done by representative
men of the Democratic party of the United States.
The Democratic party stands by the Constitution,
it stands by the bond of Union, it stands by the
rights of the States, and it will not be found con-
senting to their death; and when that great party
shall pass away as a living political organization,
it will be because the Constitution also has passed
away.
Before considering the leading provisions and
character of this bill I propose to look briefly at
its history
The forerunner of this measure of legislation,
so far as this House is concerned, may be four,d
in the territorial bill repotted by the gentleman
fiom Ohio [Mr. Ashley] from the Committee on
Territories m the Thirty-Seventh Congress, in
i March, 1863. It was aptly termed at the time
