APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20,
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Beconstruction—Mr. JEdgerton.
Ho. op Reps.
by the gentleman's colleague from the Cincinnati
district of Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton,] "A bill to
dissolve the Union and abolish the Constitution
of the United States." The bill was summarily,
if not indignantly, rejected by the House without
a second reading. But, sir, men and events have
since changed, if the Constitution of the United
States has not changed, and the stone of revolu-
tionary reconstruction then rejected by the mas-
ter-builders in this House bids fair to become
the head of tke corner. Then the Constitution
was not altogSfier repudiated as the foundation
of our legislation; how revolutionary opinions
and plans override, it as a thing of the past. Not
many are there in thisCongress, and fewer there
will be in the next, I fear, to do reverence to the
Constitution and obey its 'commands.
Early in the last session ofCoffgSress t-kis. House,
on a resolution of the gentleman fr.om Maryland,
[Mr. Henry Winter Davis,] authorized the
appointment of a special committee of nine, called
the committee on the rebellious States, to con-
sider and report by bill upon the subject of the
reconstruction of States. The ostensible or de-
clared purpose of the committee was to carry out
the constitutional guarantee of republican gov-
ernment to States in which such governments
had been usurped or overthrown.
The President, by his amnesty proclamation of
Decembers, 1863, accompanying his annual mes-
sage to Congress of that date, with characteristic
oblivion of the true character and limitations of his
executive powers, had assumed to take the subject
of reconstruction pretty much into his own hands.
He had assumed to amplify the power to pardon
offenders against the laws into a power to recon-
struct States, to dictate State constitutions, and to
determine the conditions upon which a sovereign
State of the Union should or should not be recog-
nized and protected as a State in the Union. This
portion of the President's message was referred
to the special committee 1 have alluded to. The
amnesty proclamation, like its forerunners, the
proclamations of September 22, 1862, and Jan-
uary 1, 1863, was an unprecedented and startling
assertion of executive power, and 1 feel well as-
sured, sir, for 1 have too high an opinion of their
intelligence and patriotism to believe otherwise,
that it did not meet the approval of the leading
minds of the friends of the Administration in this
House. The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stkvens,] wliose ability and experience entitre
liini to spunk as an oracle of his party on this
floor,declared in his speech of 22d January, 1864,
that the President's plan of reconstruction, us sta-
ted in the amnesty proclamation, " is wholly out-
side of and unknown to the Constitution,""Snd
found its justification only in the war power and
in the theory of military conquest. " It proposed
to treat the rebel tomtory as a conqueror alone
would treat it." To the principle of the plan,
that is, the right to treat the southern people as a
foreign and conqueted people, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania assented, (tor that was a favorite
theory of his own,) but to the details he did not
agree, and I doubt not that one object of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, as well as the gen-
tleman from Maryland,[Mr. Davis,] m conjointly
moving the resolution for a special committee,
was to take ftom the usurping hand of the Exec-
utive and toexeicise through Congress the legis-
lation that mignt be deemed necessary to rcstoie
the relations of the southern States to the Fed-
eral Government.
Mr. Speaker, the love of power, like the love
of fame,
" Howe'er concealed by art,
lteigns more or lc & in every human heart."
Itisnotan idle passion ill the breast of the con-
stitutional President of the United States. It is
there, restless, active, aggressive, and grows by
what it feeds on.
^ The President as the author of the emancipa-
tion proclamation, on which (though not original
with him and forced on him by pressure) he had
planted his hope of historic fame, was determined
by the work of his own hand to carry it out to
its logical results. He had formed his plan of
reconstruction, he had proclaimed it to the world,
and in the same spirit in which he adhered to his
plans of military campaigns, though baffled and
butchered Union armies, " driven like bullocks
into the slaughter-pen," attested his unwisdom,
he would admit no rival near his throne to share
his honors as the great emancipator. Therefore
without waiting for the legislative action of Con-
gress, which was clearly contemplated by the
terms of the resolution appointing the special
committee of nine, the President moved straight
forward to his purpose of reorganizing Louisi-
ana, Arkansas, and I may say Florida, in his
own way. Whether the sagacious mind of the
President was even at that early period of the
Presidential campaign looking forward to the
possible contingency of the need of electoral votes
from those three States and others he might re-
construct, I will not undertake to say. I leave
that question to gentlemen who know the Pres-
ident better than I do; but, sir, my charities are
not large for a public magistrate whose public
career has been marked by the grossest incon-
sistencies of principle, and by usurpations of
power that have time and again remorselessly
and withoutapology or atonement stricken down
the liberties of innocent men and almost blotted
out constitutional limitations so plain that he
who runs might read and understand. I need
not go into specifications of the truth of what 1
say, for the history of the country is full of the
testimony, and the living witnesses are all around
us.
On the 11th of January, 1864, General Banks,
commanding at New Orleans, issued a proclama-
tion to the people of Louisiana, * * in pursuance
of authority vested in him by the President of
the United States," proposing by the action of
not less than one tenth of the voting population
of the State to hold an election for State officers
on the 22d of February following, and further pro-
posing an election on the first Monday of Apiil
following for delegates to a constitutional con-
vention to revise the constitution of Louisiana,
and declaring that " the basis of representation,
the number of delegates, and the details of elec-
tion will be announced in subsequent orders."
On the 13th of February, 1864, General Banks
issued his general order No. 24, defining the quali-
fications of voters at the election forState officers
on the 22d of February, and prescribing other
rules for the election. As in the proclamation of
the 11th of January preceding, the taking of "the
oath prescribed by the President.in his proclama-
tion of the 8th of December, 1863," was made
essential to " the right to vote in the election of
State officeis on the22d day of February, 1864,"
but it did not reiterate as part of such qualifica-
tion "jthe condition affixed to the elective fran-
chise by the constitution of Louisiana."
On the 11th of March, 1864, General Banks,by
his general order No. 35, fixed the 28th day of
March instead of the first Monday in April as
the day of election of delegates to the convention,
and prescribed the time of their meeting, the ba-
sis of representation, numbers of delegates, and
other details of election.
The proclamation of January 11, among other
things, declared inoperative and void'so much of
the constitution and laws of Louisiana as related
to slavery. It made the oath of allegiance or am-
nesty oath prescribed by PresidentLincoln, with
the condition affixed to the elective franchise by
the constitution of Louisiana, a qualification of
suffrage. It confirmed and approved a registra-
tion of voteis not inconsistent with the orders
and proclamations of the President, which had
been effected through the military governor, and
"the several Union associations." It declared
the fundamental law of the State of Louisiana to
be martial law.
It is needless, sir, to state further the terms and
character of this proclamation. To the members
of this House at least it is a familiar paper, and
it ought to be in the hands of every man in the
United States as a memento of the times, to re-
mind him how easy and swift may be the tran-
sition from a free constitutional government to a
military despotism; and how simple a thing it is
fora public magistrate who does not comprehend
or regard constitutional obligations to overturn
andhold for naughtthe plainest mandates of a free
Constitution. Under this proclamation of Gen-
eral Banks a State government and constitution
were ordered to be made for Louisiana, resting
upon martial law as the fundamental law of the
State. Under this process and influence of mar-
tial law elections have been held in Louisiana,
State officers chosen, an ostensible State govern-
ment established, a new constitution adopted and
put in operation, and Senators and Representatives
elected to Congress.
"Can such things be,
And overcome us like a summer's cloud
Without our special wonder?"
It matters not to me, sir, that such things are
done in the name of the United Slates, or that they
are done by the authority of the President call-
"ing himself " the Executive Government of the
United States;" " the government of Louisi-
ana" thus created is none the less a government
of usurpation. One object of the bill before us
is to recognize this usurped government* based
upon a void military decree, and we cannot recog-
nize the government without recognizing the proc-
lamation as a valid act of executive power. I-
therefore, in this connection, though somewhat
to the interruption of the course of my narrative,
make a further brief comment on the proclama-
tion of General Banks. The proclamation de-
clared inoperative and void the constitution and
laws of Louisiana in regard to slavery. By what
right or pretense of right was this done? Was
it because " slavery and martial law in a free coun-
try are altogether incompatible" as declared by
General Hunter in his proclamation of emanci-
pation of May 9, 1862? Not so; for on the 19th
day of May, 1862, that proclamation was de-
clared void by President Lincoln, who permitted
both martial law and slavery, however incompat-
ible, to continue together ill Georgia, Florida,and
South Carolina, the States covered by Hunter's
proclamation, until the Istday of January, 1863,
when the President assumed to destroy slavery
by his own edict of that date, but it is to be noted
specially excepted from this proclamation certain
parts of Louisiana, including the city of New Or-
leans, where both slavery and martial law were
then existing together.
Now the whole argument for the emancipation
edict has been military necessity. It was, as is
said, a measure deemed proper by the President
to subdue the enemy. 1 he fact of the exception
of New Orleans and other parts of Louisiana
from the operation of the edict is an admission
by the highest military authority, the President
himself, that the military necessity for emancipa-
tion did not exist there, and of course the right
under the war power did not exist. General
Banks's proclamation confirms this admission by
calling for a civil government to supersede the
military one, so far as related to the civil affairs
of the State. If Louisiana was, on the lltli of
January, 1864, ripe for civil government, in har-
mony with the Federal authority, where was the
military necessity to make void the constitution
and lawsof the State, regarding slavery, a purely
civil relation ? If the military necessity did not
exist on January 1,1863, why did it exist on 11th
January, 1864, so far as related to New Orleans
and other parts of the State excepted by the Pres-
ident? Under what power and right, then, did
General Banks declare void the constitution and
laws of Louisiana as to slavery ? Can any man
tell? Was it on the ground that Louisiana, a
State of the United States, had been conquered
by Abraham Lincoln, and was subject to a gov-
ernment by him, upon "a plan outside of and
wholly unknown to the Constitution" of the
United States? Is that, or is it not, the basis of
emancipation and reconstruction in Louisiana?
Has the President of the United States, using the
Army and Navy thereof, power under any pre-
tense, or for any cause, to conquer a State of the
Union, so as to give him or the Congress power
to govern it outside of the Constitution ? Is the
Government of the United States, at some times
and for some purposes, in its relations to the
States, a constitutional Government, confined
within the Constitution, and at other times, and
for other purposes, a despotism, outside of and
unknown to the Constitution, and in both cases
a rightful Government?
The Government of the United States, sir, as 1
understand it, is no such incongruous system, no
such Janus-faced anomaly as the theory of this
bill and of this Administration would make it;
it is not at once law and no law, liberty and des-
