TUT?
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1865.
New Series.,...No. 49.
Europe, but actually discriminate against them to
an amount equal to interest on their investments.
This is an injustice so manifest as, when stated, to
meet at once the dissent of everyjust man.
But it is said that the duty on the imported
article is paid in gold. That is true. Three per
cent, in gold is equivalent to six per cent, in paper
money on the same valuation; but it must be re-
membered that the three per cent, in gold is levied
upon the foreign valuation and not upon the home
valuation, and that makesali the difference in the
world. The foreign valuation of printing paper
is #160 a ton, instead of $400 a ton, the home valu-
ation. The price of paper in Belgium is about
eight cents a pound, according to the statement
furnished us from the Treasury Department, or
$160 a ton, according to the foreign valuation, and
the rate of duty on imported goods is levied on
the foreign valuation. Consequently the three per
cent, on $170 a ton—1 compute it at $170 to cover
commissions—is $5 10 in coin, or, at the present
rate, equal to about $10 20 in paper money; so
that if the House resolution should pass we would
by our internal taxation levy a duty of $40 63 on
a ton of paper manufactured at home and only
$10 20 in paper money upon a ton of paper im-
ported into this country. Such a discrimination
as this would be manifestly unjustand improper.
A great deal has been said in the newspapers
about this paper duty; a great deal of complaint
has been made on the subject; but it is very cer-
tain that the editors and proprietors of those pa-
pers can scarcely expect us by our legislation to
impose a lighter duty on the imported article than
on the home manufactured article. That would
not be just, and would soon leave them to the
mercy of foreign paper-makers.
It is said that the high price of paper is caused
by the high rate of duty on imported paper. This
is strange when we consider that the present rate
of duty is lower than it has been for forty years.
Under the tariff of 1846, it was thirty per cent.;
under the free-trade tanffof I857.it was twenty-
four per cent.; under that of August 5, 1861, it
was thirty per cent.; under that of July 14,1862,
it was thirty-five per cent.; under the present
tariff, it is twenty per cent. The true reason
for the high price of paper is to be found in the
condition of the country, the same causes that pro-
duce the advance in gold, iron, and all the mate-
rials and commodities of industry and manufac-
ture. Paper has steadily advanced or fallen with
the price of gold. In counteracting so far as we
can this inevitable effect of paper money, we must
take care not to destroy our home industry. If
we yield to one interest to-day, we may be com-
pelled to yield to another to-morrow. We can-
not make cheap prices by legislation while we are
compelled to levy enormous taxes.
For the reasons I have stated the Committee on
Finance were unanimously of the opinion that
the proposed reduction to three per cent, was un-
wise, unjust, injurious to the revenue, and destruc-
tive to an important branch of home industry.
The question then arose whether any reduction
of theduty was expedient. My own opinion then
is that a duty of ten per cent, would be sufficient
to equalize taxation between the home and foreign
manufacture and yet leave a healthy competition
between them that would reduce the price of pa-
per to the lowest rate consistent with the largest
revenue. Printing paper is one of those articles
of indispensable necessity that enters into the ex-
penditure of every family in the community.
Books are no longer printed for the rich alone, but
are of universal use; and any legislation that would
materially increase their cost or restrict their use
is unwise. The daily and weekly newspaper,
spreading to the remotest hamlet not only the
news oftheday butalso popular information upon
questions of legislation, religion, war, finance,
have become the schoolmasters of the people; not
always good teachers, it is true, but still as indis-
pensable asany of the numerous wants of modern
civilization. Most families would rather restrict
their table comforts than do without their news-
paper. Again, sir, school books are the founda-
49
tion of our common schools, and the number of
volumes now published annually is greater than
the aggregate of ail the public libraries in the
United States. . Tract ana various religious and
charitable societies consume a vast amountof pa-
per. The Government of the United States is it-
selfa vastconsumerofpaper. The printing estab-
lishment in this city, under the charge of Mr.
Defrees, conducts a printing business far greater
than any publishing house on this continent; and
in the printing of re venue blanks, stamps, dies,&c.,
in the Currency Bureau, the United States becomes
the great purchaser of paper, exhausting the mar-
ket supply, and thus largely contributing to the
high price of paper. Under these circumstances
the paper mills that formerly could supply the
demand for printing paper have not always been
able to do so, and it would seem to be the part of
wisdom to invite a healthy competition from for-
eign labor. But in doing so we dare not yield to
an interested clamor and surrender any portion of
our revenue, or destroy a branch of American in-
dustry.
These views have convinced me that the best
rate of duty is ten per cent., a rate about equiva-
lent to the aggregate of internal taxes. The man-
ufacturer of printing paper needs no protection.
His product is heavy, and expensive to trans-
port. This is an advantage you cannot deprive
him of when competing with foreigners. The
present rate of duty is shown, by experience, to
be prohibitive. No printing paper has been im-
ported during the last year. The effect of the re-
duction will probably induce some competition,
but, in my opinion, the home producer will be
able to sell all he can make at a fair, remunerative
rate; and in case the supply is deficient, the duty
will not be so high as to give him a monopoly.
It isurged infavorof retainingthepresent duty
that all changes in the tariff laws destroy confi-
dence; that our citizens engaged in business have
a right to demand stability in legislation affecting
their business interests; and it is urged that if
lower duties are yielded to the printers they
will be yielded to other interests, and thus de-
stroy our revenue system and impair faith in the
payment of the public debt. This argument loses
itsforcewhen itisshownthat the proposed change
does not reduce the revenue, ana does not mate-
rially affect any interest, but only tends to supply
the demand for an article the consumption of
which is enormously increased by the war.
1 can say for the Committee on Finance that
it has fully considered all the arguments urged
upon us. We have heard delegations from both
the paper makers and the publishers, and as the
result of a compromise between the opposing
views I have mentioned, we have recommended
fifteen per cent, as a proper rate of duty. I shall
feel at liberty to vote for the lower rate of ten, but
a less rate will, I am sure,result in a loss of rev-
enue and a serious injury to the paper makers.
We must remember that while the newspaper
press may appeal to us daily, that their interest
must no more be considered than the seven hun-
dred paper mills and the very large capital em-
ployed in them. The interests of both must be
held subordinate to the paramount interest of the
Government, and that is that paper makers and
printers and readers must ail contribute their fair
share in the support of the Government.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 have some doubts on
my mind which perhaps the Senator from Ohio
can relieve. I am aware that pretty much ail that
has been said on this subject has been through the
newspapers. The printers and publishers of news-
papers have papers to talk through; the manu-
facturers of paper have no newspapers to talk
through. Now, the first thing that strikes my
mind is, that while it is proposed to reduce the
duty on imported paper, the existing duty is ieft
on all the imported articles which enter into the
manufacture of paper in this country. The Sen-
ator has stated to us the materials and elements
that enter into the manufacture of paper in this
country. The chemicals, the wire-cloth, the felt-
ing, are all matters of foreign importation. The
wire-cloth is not made in this country. That is
the screen on which the papfer is dipped, and it
makes fine paper according to the fineness of the
screen, or otherwise. It is the screen which cov-
ers the wheel where paper is made by machinery,
through which the water oozes and on which tne
pulp collects. The wire-cloth is imported froiji
abroad. Now, it is proposed to reduce the duty
on imported paper and still leave the dudes on ail
these articles which enter into the manufacture of
paper here.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
me I will state to him that in the statement fur-
nished to me by the paper manufacturers, and
which I have verified at the Treasury Department,
the duty on the acidsand otherarticles is reduced
to paper money at the market rate of gold, so that
the whole aggregate in paper money is what I
have stated. It includes the felting, the wire-
cloth, the alum, the sulphuric acid, bleaching
powders, soda ash, coal, and the whole amount
to $40 63 in currency per ton.
Mr. COLLAMER. The duties on all the im-
ported articles which the manufacturer must have
are left unreduced, so that our manufacturers must
buy these articles to carry on their work, pay afi
the duties levied on them, and then the paper
which is brought in to compete with the paper
they manufacture is to come in with a reduction
of duty. I believe that the persons actually en-
gaged at present in the manufacture of paper
amount to about fifty thousand; and I have un-
derstood that the amount of capital invested in
the business was considerably larger than the gen-
tleman has stated.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is between eighty and one
hundred million dollars, I think.
Mr. COLLAMER. One reason given for the
reduction of the duty on printing paper is that
it has become an article of necessity. Grant it.
Is not the cloth for a man's coat a necessity too?,
I should think it was. You say poor people want
to use it. Does not the poor man want a coat?
You now impose a tax of five per cent, on all
manufactures of every description of cloth in this
country, however necessary the articles may be
to life. Our condition requires it; we need the
money,and we must have it. Then the fact that
a thing is a necessary of life constitutes no reason
forlettingin the foreign manufacture and destroy-
ing the American production, when by destroying
the American production we fail to get the duty
and raise the money we otherwise should get.
I am not satisfied as yet that this duty ought
to be reduced in any degree. Last year, or the
year before that, as a compromise, the duty on
the importation of paper was reduced from thirty
to twenty per cent., and it stands at twenty per
cent. now. That was the resultof acompromise
then understood to be in some degree satisfactory
and permanent, but now it is to be disturbed again.
I do not mean to say that it is so disturbed by the
committees of either House, for they have not
disturbed it as I understand. It seems to me that
having settled it at twenty per cent., and settled
it as a matter of compromise and arrangement
with the other arrangements in the general bill,
we ought not now to disturb it. The mere fact
that American paper has grown dear is the only
ground for it. Why is that? Is it true that the
American manufactured paper has increased in
price any more than other articles of American
manufacture, or that it has increased any more
than the materials out of which it is made have
increased? Not at all. The Senator from Ohio
says it fluctuates with the rise and fall of gold.
Undoubtedly that is true of paper as of everything
else. It goes up or down according to the varia-
tions in tne depreciation of our currency. That
is not peculiar to the article of paper, nor, as I
before remarked, can the fact that paper is a ne-
cessary justify this movement.
Again, it is said the duty ought to be reduced
because the Government is a Urge consumer and
user of paper. Is it not also a large consumer of
clothes and of all materials for the Army service?
and yet we keep our duty on those articles.
