1865.]
. APPENDIX 'TOsfHE CONGRESSIONAL •
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Edgerton.
Ho. of Keps.
potism; it is no fbrm of horrible monstrosity
like Milton's Sin—
" Woman to the waist, and fair,
But ended foul in many a scaly fold,
Voluminous and vast, a serpent arm'd
With mortal sting."
For one I desire more light from the gentlemen
of the majority as to the character of the duplex
government they have developed into such vig-
orous life during the last four years. I desire to
know for my constituents and myself under
which government, the constitutional Govern-
ment of the United States or the despotism of the
President or Congress, it is our privilege to live.
Under the Constitution I know their rights and
mine; under the despotism I am tossed upon a sea
of conjecture; 1 forever wander in the mazes of
uncertain argument, knowing neither the charac-
ter nor limit of rights, Federal, State, or personal.
The practical evii of these dangerous heresies
■which are daily obscuring in the minds of the peo-
ple all correct ideas of free constitutional Gov-
ernment, arid breaking up the foundations and
framework of the Constitution, and establishing
a despotism that governs by its own discretion
and judgment of expediency and not by law, is
apparent not alone in Louisiana and other States
declared to be in rebellion, but in States not in
rebellion, and where there can be no honest pre-
tense for the exercise of powers extra constitu-
tional.
A military court, composed of elements afford-
ing no guarantee of justice to any man whose
political opinions were not in accord with those
of the men in authority, has lately for months,
in defiance of the Constitution, and laws of the
land, been engaged in trying citizens of my own
State for alleged conspiracies against the Gov-
ernment. Three of those citizens, up to the time
of their arrest men of good repute, and appa-
rently peaceful, law-abiding men, have by this
military court been convicted and sentenced to
death, and now await their doom in prison at In-
dianapolis, with no apparent hope of life but in
the clemency of the President. Sir, citizens of
a State preeminently faithful to theUnion, where
courts of law are open and the course of public
justice unobstructed, except as this Administra-
tion has obstructed it by lawless invasion of con-
stitutional rights, it was the right of these men,
wholly unconnected as they were with the mili-
tary service of the United States, if they were
guilty or accused of any crime known to the
laws, to be indicted and tried according to the
laws before a jury of their peers, and that they
have not been so indicted and tried is in my judg-
ment a flagrant outrage not alone upon the men
accused, but upon every citizen of IndiaBa who,
by the precedent in this case, becomes exposed
without protection of law to the same danger.
I speak of this case, sir, in illustration a.ud by
way of condemnation, not because of any sym-
pathy with the condemned men in any purpose
or conspiracy they may have formed or attempted
to execute hostile to the State or Federal Govern-
ment—for those who know me best in Indiana
know where I stand in regard to these men and
all secret political societies and their alleged con-
spiracies—but because I desire that, in their case
as in every other, the law should be vindicated
by the law; and because I believe that this should
be a free, and not a despotic military Govern-
ment; and that the vilest criminal that ever
crouched before the bar of public justice has
.rights before the lawthat should be sacred in the
eyes of magistrates and people.
Pending the progress of the military manipula-
tion ofa portion ofLouisiana, comprising mainly,
in votes if not in territorial area, the city of New
Orleans, into a reconstructed State according to
the President's plan, the bill of the last session,
commonly known as the reconstruction bill, and
identical in title and similar in its general pur-
poses to the bill now before the House, was re-
ported from the committee on the rebellious States,
debated, passed on the 4th~*day of May last, sent
to the Senate, debated and amended there, and
finally adopted as it passed the House on the 2d
July last, and sent to the President for approval.
It was not approved by him, for the reasons
stated in his proclamation of the 8th July last.
The President's objections to the bill may be
summed up in three points: Firsts His unwill-
ingness " to beinflexibly committed to any single
plan of reconstruction." Second. That the effect
of the bill would be to set aside and hold for
naught the free State constitutions of Louisiana
and Arkansas, adopted under his proclamation
of 8th December. Third. That he was unpre-
pared to declare by an approval of the bill " a
constitutional competency in Congress to abolish
slavery in States. •
Is it not wonderful, sir, that the President, who
had swallowed the camel of executive emancipa-
tion should thus have strained at the gnat of con-
gressional abolition? If General Banks could
make void the constitution and laws of Louisiana
by a military order, why could not Congress do
the same by a legislative act? Was it, sir, an
honest constitutional scruple or love of power that
pointed this objection of the President to the con-
gressional bill ?
The sufficiency of the President's reasons for
virtually vetoing the reconstruction bill were, soon
after the publication of his proclamation, consid-
ered in an able paper made public by a distin-
guished Senator of Ohio [Mr. Wa e] and an
equally distinguished member of- this House,
[Mr. Henry Winter Davis.) The tenor of
their masterly and conclusive argument against
the President is best stated in their own words,
when they say of the President's anomalous proc-
lamation:
" A more studied outrage on the legislative authorities of
the people has never been perpetrated."
■ And further:
" It is a blow at the friends of his Administration, at the
rights of humanity, and the principles of republican gov-
ernment."
These assertions, sir, answer, so far as their
authors are concerned, my question as to the
honesty of the President's constitutional doubt.
A studied outrage, sir, is not the fruit of an honest
doubt.
However conclusive the arguments by which
these grave charges against the President were
justified, they failed to satisfy me that the recon-
struction bill itself was a proper act of legislation.
The question between the President and his two
congressional friends was to my mind one be-
tween two usurping powers, the executive and
the legislative; but I am free to say my sym-
pathies were with the legislators and not with the
President. Executive edicts have done more than
acts of Congress during the last four years to sap
the foundations and remove the landmarks of
the Constitution. I deprecate all encroachments
by one department of the Government upon an-
other, but as a choice of evils 1 will trust usurp-
ing legislators rather than usurping Presidents;
the former may usurp power from mistaken opin-
ions as to the public good, the latter can rarely
do so except from motives of personal aggran-
dizement. Power diffused tends to liberty, power
concentrated tends to despotism; and the liberty
depending upon any one will, admitting no con-
stitutional restraints, holds its life by a very un-
certain tenure.
The President's will undid the work of his
friends in the last Congress in their efforts to re-
construct States. The Executive triumphed over
the legislative power, and notwithstanding his
"Studied outrage on the legislative authorities of
the people," the majority in Congress kissed the
hand that smote them, and in spile of the recon-
struction bill , in defiance of its well-matured pro-
visions, Louisiana and Arkansas, States reared
and reconstructed under the President's hand and
plan, upon the basis of martial law, now knock
confidently at our doors for recognition. m
The crisis of the election being past, a renewed
effort is made by the committee on rebellious
States to carry out their plan of reconstruction.
The various forms in which the subject-matter
before the House has been presented, the con-
flicting arguments which have been urged in its
support, all indicate that division of counsel ex-
ists among those controlling legislation here, and
who, having a common purpose, should have a
common plan for its success.
The reconstruction bill of this session as origin-
ally reported, contained a section (the seventh)
directly and without conditions recognizing the
government and constitution of Louisiana as or-
ganized under General Banks's proclamation.
Why Arkansas was not included I do not krtow;
but the provision as to Louisiana was evidently
intended to propitiate the President to approve the
bill. It seemed to be a compromise between the'
House and the President, saying to him, " Yotf
may take Louisiana by executive reconstruction,
and^ve will remake Arkansas by congressional
reconstruction." For some reason this proposi-
tion has been withdrawn from the committee's
bill reported by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr
Ashley,] but it stands in the substitute of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] ac-
companied by the further offering to the Presi-
dent by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Arnold]
of a proposition virtually to confirm the emanci-
pation proclamation of-January 1, 1863. The
committee's bill,as modified, now proposes to rec-
ognize Louisiana and Arkansas under their new
constitutions provided conventions of those States
shall incorporate into their constitutions the con-
ditions prescribed in the twelfth section of the bill;
and provided further that it shall appear by the
United States marshal's enrollment that the per-
sons who had taken the oath to. support the Con-
stitution of the United States, together with the
citizens of the United States from such States iri
the military or naval service, amounted to a ma-
jority of the persons enrolled in the State.
As there is therefore a direct proposition befBre
the House to recognize unconditionally the hew
government of Louisiana, I shall here say what
further 1 have to say on that subject. The case
of Arkansas I shall not specially discuss, for the
principle of both cases is the same; both rest on
the amnesty oath as a condition of suffrage, and
if Louisiana is not entitled to recognition, neithe?
is Arkansas.
I do not believe, for I have no reason to be-
lieve, that the constitution and government of
Louisiana seeking recognition here are the free
act of the people of Louisiana in any constitu-
tional or even moral sense of that term. I do not
profess to speak from thorough knowledge nor
dogmatically on this question; but there are a
few facts and figures bearing upon it which are
conclusive to my mind, aside from what I have
said of the amnesty proclamation and General
Banks's order. I gather them, in part, from a
pamphlet by Mr. Thomas J. Durant, of New Or-
leans, addressed toamember of this House, [Mr.
Henry Winter Qavis,] which has doubtless re-
ceived the attention of many members.
The government and constitution we are asked
to recognize are assumed to be the government
and constitution of the State of Louisiana. The
territory of that State is 41,34G square miles in
area, and its population, according to the census
of 1860, was 700,802 persons, and us total white
vote in the presidential election of that year was
50,510.
Now, it appears that at the election of the first
Monday of September last, upon the adopting or
rejecting of the proposed constitution of the April
convention, but twenty out of forty-eight parishes
ofLouisiana voted on the question; that these
twenty parishes, comprising an area of but 13,804
square miles,or about one third of the State, cast
6,836 votes for the constitution and 1,566 votes
against it, making a total of 8,402 votes, when
26.634 votes were cast in the same parishes in
1860; that of these 8,402 votes, 5,451 were cast
in the city of New Orleans alone, and that that
city therefore cast a majority of the votes given
for the constitution. The consequence is that the
new constitution and government of Louisiana
were made by the city of New Orleans alone, and
would have been so made had every vote outside
of the city been unanimously cast against the
constitution. Is it not an absurdity, sir, to call
such a vote a vote of the State of Louisiana—
6,836 votes to make a State government and or-
ganic law for 700,000 people of a State ! A gov-
ernment thus made deserves to be called an oli-
garchy rather than a detnociacy or a republic.
We all know that since New Orleans was o'pened
up to northern men by General Butler, the cotton
speculator, the sugar speculator, and the cormo-
lants of all vocations, from New England and
other sections, have rushed to New Oi leans as to
an El Dorado for fortune-hunting men. To them
"loyalty" has been great gain; and I believe
