770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
My idea is, that by adopting this measure and
doing nothing' for the relief of our manufacturers
of paper, the effect will be to wind up the busi-
ness, to close the mills, to leave our manufactur-
ers to pay the same duties as before on the ma-
terials which they import, and which go into the
manufacture of paper, while reducing the duty on
the imported article even to fifteen per cent, will
almost entirely cripple them.
I think upon the wjiole, apd in the long run,
shall do better, to let this manufacture stand,
like all other manufactures of the country, and
pay duties on their home production, by having
such duties pn imported articles as will enable
them to compete with the foreign producer; other-
wise, tHey never can pay us much internal reve-
nue.
Again, the Senator from Ohio said that there
*re about seven hundred paper mills scattered all
over the country. I think lie is about right as
to the number. You have them out in Iowa and
Illinois, and all through the country. Mills are
now being established in the far-off States for the
purpose of using straw, wood, husks of corn, and
other materials Tor making paper, using compar-
atively a small proportion of rags. 1 think we
had better promote that, increase it, improve it,
cncourage it. If we adopt the system now pro-
posed, that will be ended; no more will be built,
no more investments will be made, no more irn-
Srovemeiits in that direction will be instituted.
n the whole, I am not satisfied lhat there should
be any reduction at all.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, on this subject
of the reduction of the duly on printing paper,
my colleague and myself are instructed by the
Legislature of Ohio to vote for the reduction, and
if it were not for that instruction 1 should proba-
bly give a silent vote on this measure. On al-
most any question about which 1 entertain the
least doubt, my respect for the Legislature of
Ohio would cause me to solve that doubt in favor
of the opinions which they have expressed. I
have never believed that the Legislatures of our
States have a right to instruct Senators so lhat
we are bound, under all circumstances, to obey
those instructions; but, on the other hand, there
is no question but that the opinion of the Legis-
lature is entitled to the gravestconsideration, and
should not be departed from, unless where one is
fully persuaded lhat the instructions that he lias
received are not in accordance with the best inlei-
ests of lhe country. That, 1 must say, is my
position now. Since receiving these instructions
I have taken some pains to Jook into this ques-
tion, and my colleague has explained the facts
just as 1 find tlietn to bo, and 1 therefore need not
lepeat what he has said. 1 was unable, however,
in this case, to find anything which particularly
affects this urticle of paper that should induce us
to discriminate between it and a great many other
articles that are pioteeted by a higher duty than
that imposed on paper.
I know very well,as lias been said, thatalmost
every commodity we make use of has increased
very much in pi ice, and seems to fluctuate with
the rate of gold from day to day. it is so with
paper, just as it is with everything else; and I see
no reason why, if we vote now for the reduction
of the duty oil paper, we should not, on the same
principle, be compelled to vote for the reduction
of the duty on almost every article that I know
anything about. It is an article ,in the production
of which in this country a great deal of capital is
invested. It is an article which can be manufac-
tured as well in this country as anywheto else.
We have all or neai ly all tile niatei kiia neci.as.iiy
for the manufacture. There are some of the ele-
ments tli at enter in to it of foreign production which
it is not proposed to disturb in regard to their pro-
tection, for they aie left precisely as they were.
But these things are notot such consequence per-
haps as to confine our action to this one article.
This of itself would not make any very great
difference to the country; but it is an important
question in view of the proper provision to be
made for the vast accumulated debtof this nation.
That is a subject on which I have reflected a great
deal, and which has troubled me much more than
the war which is on pur hands, because 1 have
always Relieved that the war copld only be deter-
mined ill one' way sooner'pr fate'i;.
I have always felt assured that when the im-
mense power and resources of the free States in
war were brought in collision with the seceded
States, notwithstanding all our blunders, if we
make any, notwithstanding all the bad policy we
may adopt, if we adopt any, we cannot so err
but that in the end we must overcome our compar-
atively feeble enemy. But this vast debt that we
are accumulating is a thing of paramount consid-
eration, and we cannot begin to look it straight
in the face too early. According to my philoso-
phy, if we are to successfully grapple with this
great burden of debt, we must provide for pay-
ing it off by the labor of man. There is nothing
else that 1 know of which is of any. value for the
purpose. 1 know of nothing that we esteem val-
uable which is not the product of human labor;
and if we are to pay oil" this debt we have got to
work it out, and it must be worked out by our
own people, and not by foreigners. Our people
have to earn the money. The people of the Uni-
ted States by their own labor, and by their wise
application of that labor, are to grapple with and
discharge Sie debt, and 1 agree that they are per-
fectly able to do it. The debt does riot perplex
me provided we make a wise disposition of the
vast resources we have in hand, for if we shape
our policy so that whatever commodities are ne-
cessary for our people shall be the product of
our own labor, we overcome any debt you can
conceive of.
Why, sir, look at the results of laborand com-
pare them with lhe debt. I believe, according to
the census of 1860, it was shown that the prod-
ucts of manufactures in the United States at that
time were about two thousand million dollars
per year. Reflect upon that, sir. One year's
work of all those engaged in manufactures, if it
could be all applied to the payment of your debt,
would sweep u out and pay it off. What is that
compared with the products of labor applied in
other departments, in agriculture, in your mines,
in all the various branches of labor? 1 do not know
the figuies, for 1 have not summed them up, but
1 suppose the products of the labor of the people
of the United States now cannot fall much short
of five thousand million dollars per annum.
It is vast, it is almost inconceivable; and if we
shape our policy so as to perforin our own labor,
no man need be ("lightened at the amount of debt
we have to meet; but if we so shape our policy
that we are to go abroad for our labor, and un-
dertake to pay tor it by depriving ourown people
of the right to do this labor and to perform this
necessary service, we shall fail. 1 know that
in that event we shall fail., I am not going to
enter into the argument of the tariff question;
but just at the threshold, when for the first time
it is proposed that with all this burden upon our
back we shall put it into the hands of foreigners
to do our labor, 1 think it becomes every states-
man to pause and consider. How are we to pay
this debt if we deprive our own people of the right
to do our labor, as will be the case if you dis-
criminate in favor of foreigners?
Nay, sir, I go further. When we consider the
vast capital and means in the bands of foreign
manufacturers to underbid us in the market and
to overcome our manufacturers and thereby de-
stroy our labor, it seems to me to be a wise and
a necessary policy to protect our own labor, and
to see that the nation so shapes its policy that its
own necessities shall be supplied by the labor of
its own people. 1 am told that we shall destroy
the labor of our own people to the amount of a
hundred million dollars by reducing the duty
on imported paper as now proposed. Open that
blanch of business to foreign competition and for-
ujsneis will do the work, but you have got to pay
them for it; and you have got to pay them in the
proceeds of your mines, for they will not take
your paper. You have to send abroad the prod-
ucts ot the mines of California and Nevada to
pay for this labor that ought to be done by our
own people. I am opposed to it. I regret that
the Legislature of Ohio was so easily led into the
adoption of the instructions to which 1 have re-
ferred. I have endeavored to find what arguments
were made use of to induce the conclusion at
which they arrived, but I have seen nothing of
them. I fear that it was the result of but very
little reflection; 1 fear they did not take into con-
sideration the present condition of this great na-
tion, and reflect that the only means on God's
earth by which we can meet the burdens now
upon us is by so shaping our policy as to support
and encourage our own labor in every department
of industry. If we do that, I fear not the debt;
it will vanish before the advancing interests of the
nation like the frost before the sun.
With a population doubling as ours does, al-
most, from decade to decade, with the products
of our labor increasing in a ratio infinitely greater
than the population,anydebtwhich we may have
will be but a light burden on us, and that but for
a short time, if we adopt a wise policy; but if,
on the other hand, we adopt a policy that compels
us to go abroad for the products of foreign labor,
if we discourage the employment of labor in our
own country, we must be a poor, insignificant
nation. I know that abroad there is a greatdeal
of talk aimed at this country about fiee trade.
Great Britain will pay millions to authors who
write about free trade, and to papers lhat preach
free trade, and to orators who go forth on the
stump and proclaim the glories of free trade. But
look at their own practice; take up their tariif,
see the vast amount they have collected from cus-
toms, and compare it with ours. We are branded
with being protectionists, with imposing restric-
tions upon trade, and yet, if you look at tha
customs you will find that the British Govern-
mentcollects from customs three times more in the
year than we do, although they prate so much of
free trade. Whether free trade is wise or not de-
pends on the relation that one nation bears to
another. What nation ever protected their com-
merce and their labor with higher restrictions
than has Great Britain since up to within a very
recent period ? No nation in the world, until they
had built up their manufacturing interest, their
commerce, and became the manufacturers of the
world by reason of their restrictions in favor of
their own labor. All England is a perfect bee-
hive of industry. Why? Because the statesmen
of England have always had a realizing sense of
the necessity of encouraging their labor, until
they have built up such wealth and so peifected
themselves in all branches of manufacture that
there is hardly a nation in the world, and no
young nation commencing its career, that can
compete with them for an hour. Then they say,
" lhrow down the bars; now we are powerful
enough to put down all competition; our wealth
is such that we may by any kind of sacrifice un-
dersell you, breakdown your manufactures, and
we can very soon, after that is done, indemnify
ourselvesagain." Yes, sir, when they have broken
down your competition, undersold you until they
have destroyed your ability to compete with thems
they will turn around, and you will have to pay
dearly for all that they threw off in order to at-
tain to that position.
But, sir, 1 do not wish to enlarge. I say now,
and 1 warn the Senate, and I warn the people of
this Union, that with this vast accumulated debs
upon our shoulders we must encourage our own
labor. If we fail here we fail throughout, and
your bonds are comparatively worthless. I pro-
claim it upon this floor, if the American people
make a mistake here, as I fear they will, in my
judgment your vast accumulated debt is good for
nothing; you are a bankrupt nation; you throw
away that predominance that the Almighty has
given to the American people over every other
portion of the world. It is m our power to be the
great predominant nation of the earth, and this
burden of debt upon us is nothing if we only trust
our own laborers to work it out. But, sir, if
we fail here, 1 fear that we shall fail throughout,
and we shall bring down this nation from the
height to which it ought to aspire to be second-
ary, and merely a dependence upon the European
nations.
Mr. HALE. I was struck by the remark made
by the Senator from Vermont, and it is certainly
true, that so far as the newspapers are concerned
they have an advocate m every paper. A great
deal has been said about this subject, but 1 lake
this simple view of it: I have looked at these
papers, and have thought upon the subject some-
what, and according to the best information 1 can
get the duty which these manufacturers pay
upon the articles that enter into the composition
of their paper is now over thirty per cent. It is
difficult to get it accuratcly, but 1 apprehend by
the best average it will be found, and 1 under-
stand the chairman of the Committee on Finance
agrees to that, to be thirty per cent. Then, sir,
if you leave that so, every reduction of the duty
