1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
771
on paper is unjust to our manufacturers, and, as
has been well argued by the Senator from Ohio,
for the benefit of the foreign manufacturer.
As there seems to be no agreement or unity of
sentiment among those who want this duty al-
tered, some having named three per cent., some
five, the chairman of the Committee on Finance
ten, and I understand the Committee on Finance
fifteen, I desire to test the sense of the Senate upon
the subject, and I think we might as well do it
now as at any time. If we indefinitely postpone
this bill it will leave the duty twenty per cent.;
and while we leave the tax upon the articles en-
tering into the manufacture of paper as it now
is, considerably more than thirty per cent., I
think the wisest way would be to leave the duty
just exactly where it is; and with that view I move
that the further consideration of this resolution
be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I was very
glad to hear the honorable Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] say that notwithstanding the instruc-
tions of his Legislature, for which he had high
respect, he should vote against any reduction of
the duty on paper. I was prepared to expect it
from his known independence of character. I
concur with him most fully in believing that he
will better represent the people of his State, as
weil as promote the best interests of the country,
in voting to have the duty remain as it is rather
than in voting to reduce it. Why, sir, in his own
State of Ohio,although not considered a manufac-
turing but ail agricultural State, there was pro-
duced during (he past year paper to the amount in
value of $1,808,9(36, and the manufacturers of that
paper paid as duties to the Government on the
mere manufacture $54,%69. No doubt more than
$"2,000,000 worth of paper was manufactured in
the State, and so of couise more than §54,269 of
tax ought to have been paid by the manufactur-
ers on the product; X do not suppose that the
manufactuiers of Ohio have evaded taxation more
than those of other States; but in the commence-
ment of a system of internal taxation the amounts
assessed and the taxes paid are always less than
the real amount which should be assessed and
paid. Two million dollars is no doubt less than
the amount in value of thg paper manufactured in
his own State of Ohio. Great as the State of
Ohio is, and great as are its resources, it is cer-
tainly riot statesmanlike to stake a blow at an
interest so important as this paper interest, pro-
ducing, unquestionably, more than $2,000,000 in
value of paper a year. It isa great interest, great
even for the State of Ohio, and it is a growing
interest in that State and in most of the States.
Sir, whether we consider this question in the
light of the high price of paper, or as a revenue
measure, or as part of a great system involving
the general principle and policy of manufacturing
our own papei instead ofimpoi ting it fi om abi oad,
we come to the same certain result, that any re-
duction of the duty is inexpedient, unjust, and
dangerous.
As it regards the high price of paper, it is rela-
tively no higher than all manufactured commod-
ities; and when we speak of its high price what
do we mean? Punting paper is now from twenty-
two to twenty-four cents per pound in the great
markets. Before the war it was about ten cents per
pound. Between the price ten cents,and twenty-
two or twenty-four cents, there is certainly a very
consideiable use, more than double; buthas paper
risen? Has it doubled in price to the purchaser
within four years? JMo, sir. Compared with the
same standard of value by which the purchaser
in 1860 procured paper at ten cents per pound,
there has been but little use in [taper That
standard, as we all know, in I860, was gold. The
present standard is not gold, but a paper cur-
rency, a depreciated paper currency, it takes
from twenty-two to twenty-four cents of the paper
currency to buy a pound of paper, which, when
o-old was the standard, could be bought for ten
cents; but take gold as the standard now and paper
has risen but very little. The highest price that
paper has touched in the great markets of the
country during the past year was, I believe,
twenty-eight cents per pound; and ihe highest
price to which it would have risen, taking gold as
the standard of value, would have been twenty-
ei<*ht and a half cents per pound. So that, instead
ofa rise, if we take gold as the standard, and take
the highest price of gold and the highest price of
paper, paper haa not risen in value at all, but is
now lower than it was before we adopted paper
as our currency and had gold as the standard. If
we take the average rate at which gold has been
selling during the past year, and take paper at ten
cents per pound as the standard price, and let paper
rise proportionately as gold rises,and compare the
average, there has not been a rise in the price of
paper during the past year; it has no more than
maintained the average with the rise of gold.
Underthese circumstances there is certainly no
reason for our legislating to reduce the duty on
paper to bring down the price. It has risen be-
cause the standard of value has changed; it has
not risen if we adopt the same standard of value
which existed in the country previous to the
war.
Again, sir, as has been suggested, all the com-
modities which go into the manufacture of paper
have risen as much, and I think more—certainly
many of them much more—than paper has risen.
Why, sir, rags, which until within a few years
were almost the only commodity out of which
paper was manufactured, have risen from two
hundred to three hundred percent. Straw, an
article from which a good deal of paper is now
made, has risen from two hundred and twenty to
two hundred and seventy-five percent. Sodaash
has risen from two hundred and fifty to three hun-
dred percent. Bleaching powder has risen from
three hundred to six hundred and fifty per cent.;
sulphuric acid and alum from two hundred to
three hundred and twenty per cent.; whale oil,
which is used to someextent in the manufacture,
has risen from two hundred and fifty to three
hundred; rosin, for sizing, more than anything
else, has risen from twelve hundred to seventeen
hundred percent.; coal from three hundred to four
hundred percent.; gum belling from two hundred
to two hundred and fifty per cent.; wire-cloth
from two hundred to two hundred and twenty-
five per cent.; feltings from four hundred and fifty
to six hundred percent.; paper machinery at least
two hundred and fifty per cent.; bar iron two
hundred and fifty per cent.; white pine lumber
over three hundred per cent.; bricks from two hun-
dred to two hundred and fifty per cent. Paper
has not risen during this time more, and I say not
as much, as these several articles which either
go into the manufacture of paper and are used in
its manufacture, or which go into the construction
of the machinery and mills; so that we are uniea-
sonable if we expect that paper shall maintain the
same price that itdid formerly, when all the arti-
cles out of which it is manufactured have risen at
this rate. Compare the price of paper, too, with
the necessaries of life—with meat and breadstuff's.
Wheat has risen more than two hundred percent.;
Indian corn even more; beef and pork from two
hundred to two hundred and fifty percent.; sugar
from two hundred and fifty to three hundred per
cent; and coffee over three hundred per cent.
Under these circumstances, if paper has doubled
in price, oughtwe to find fault with the manufac-
turers ? Has notthewhole increase of price been
a necessity, an inevitable necessity?
The present rate of duty, as the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Finance has sug-
gested, is as low as it has been for forty years.
By tile tariff of 1846, which was adjusted on what
was supposed to be an approach toward free-trade
piinciples, the duty on paper was fixed at thirty
per cent. By the tariff of 1857 H was reduced to
twenty-four per cent; but connected with that
reduction, the duties on chemicals were reduced
as much and even more than the duty on paper;
so that the twenty-four per cent, duty under the
tariff of 1857 was a better protection to the man-
ufacturer than the thirty per cent, duty of the tariff
of 1846. It continued at twenty-four per cent,
until 1861, when the duty on paper was again
raised to thirty per cent. In 1862 it was raised
to thirty-five percent.; and in 1863 it was reduced
to twenty per cent., where it now stands.
While in 1862 the duty was raised to thirty-
five per cent., the duties on chemicals were then
raised so as to be adjusted to a duty on paper of
thirty-five per cent., raising the duties on chem-
icals, which previously hod been very low.some
of them merely nominal, to a very high rate, and
at that high late they now stand. By the tariff
of 1857 the duty on soda ash, bleaching powders,
and sulphuric acid was four per cent., a inertly
nominal duty, scarcely enough to pay the cost of
collecting; and the duty on alum was fifteen per
cent. The duty on soda ash is now fifty cents
on every one hundred pounds; on bleaching pow-
ders thirty cents on every one hundred pounds;
onalum sixty cents on every onehundred pounds;
and on sulphuric acid one cent per pound. These,
duties are perfectly enormous. They remain as
they are, fitted to a duty on paper of thirty-five
per cent.; and now, with paper at twenty per
cent., it is proposed to reduce it, and still leave
the duties on these commodities where they now
are,adjusted, as I have stated, to adutyon paper
of thirty-five per cent.
As the honorable Senator from Vermont sug-
gests, articles of clothing have all increased quite
as much in price as paper has increased. Those
surely are quite as much necessaries of life as
paper; and however much we may regard paperas
among the necessaries, and however much we
may say this is a tax on knowledge, a man who
had no clothes to wear would pursue knowledge
under difficulties, at least in this climate. We
tax his clothes to such an extent that the duty on
paper is greatly below the duty on his clothing.
There is, then, Mr. President, no reason on
earth for reducing the duty on paper because of
its high price. It is no higher than by the laws
of trade under our currency it must be as a ne-
cessity.
Then as a revenue measure—and I agree that
as a revenue question we should regard it, per-
haps, rather than in any other light; for revenue
is the vital question to the Government and to
the country at this time. The honorable Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] has given us some
statistics on this subject, and has shown, perhaps
sufficiently,that, so far as this isa revenue meas-
ure, a reduction of the duty to three per cent,
would be exceedingly absurd, to say no more.
The honorable Senator stated the amount which
is now paid to the Government on a ton of paper
manufactured here within our own country. He
has stated it, I believe, at $40 63. That is correct
as to paper manufactured out of certain com-
modities, but it is not correct in regard to paper
manufactured out of certain other commodities.
Where paper is manufactured from wood or
straw, flax or hemp-tow, the consumption of
chemicals is very large; and, under those circum-
stances, a ton of printing paper pays to the Gov-
ernment on these several articles which go into its
manufacture, together with the excise on lime,
coal, feltings, war, and income-taxes, the sum
named by that Senator. But where a ton of paper
is manufactured from rags, the consumption of
chemicals, which pay high duties, and of articles
subject to tax, is much less; there is less labor
in the manufacture, and therefore the manufac-
ture of a ton of paper from rags does not produce
to the Treasury of the country the amount of
forty dollars, and but little more than half of it.
A ton of paper manufactured from rags pays to
the Government but $21 24, instead of the larger
sum of $40 63 which it pays when it is manufac-
tured from the other substances to which I have
alluded.
As the honorable Senator showed to the Sen-
ate, a duty of three per cent, on a ton of paper
imported from abroad at the price at which it can
now be bought, $160 per ton, is $4 80, and that
sum, reduced to the standard of our currency,
makes the sum of $10 80, reckoning gold at 225.
So much is paid in duty on a ton of paper im-
ported from abroad; and a ton of paper manufac-
tured in the way I first stated pays to the Govern-
ment $40 63, showing a loss to the Government,
between a ton so manufactured and one imported,
of the round sum of$29 83, and if it be made from
rags the loss is §10 44. In either event, there-
fore, whether the paper be manufactured from
wood, straw, &c., or from rags, there is a great
loss to the Treasury of the country. Without
saying one word about the policy of having this
work done at home rather than to have it done
abroad, regarding it simply as a revenue measure,
the loss is ruinous to the country.
But the honorable Senator from Ohio, from the
Committee on Finance, proposes to raise the duty
in the bill as it comes from the House from three
to fifteen per cent.; and the question now is, or
was when the motion was made to postpone in-
definitely, upon the amendment making it fifteen
per cent. If the duly be fifteen per cent, on the
same rate of gl60 per ton, the Govei ument would
