1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-RESSIONAL <aOBE.
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Edgerton.
Ho. &F J
coercion or duress in any form. When this free
action has be^n had, then the only essential'con-
ditions of a State constitution in its relations to
the United States are that it should be republican
in form and in harmony with the Constitution of
the United States. What, for example, made the
State of South Carolina a State of the Federal
Union? The Constitution of the United States
and theconsent of the people of South Carolina;
and nothing but the same power,except success-
ful revolution, can unmake her. That revolution
is not accomplished, and therefore South Caro-
lina is in the Union, and the power over her con-
stitution in the hands of her people, who can do
with it what they please, except make it contrary
to the Constitution of the United States; thatthey
cannot do, and when they attempt to make it thus
contrary it is void in all those things wherein itis
contrary; in all else it is good. Four elements at
least are involved in the idea of a State govern-
ment: 1. A defined territory. 2. The people oc-
cupying it. 3. Functions, or a form or system
of government. 4. An administration, or officers
or functionaries to carry on the government. In
a constitutional sense it is absurd tosay a Federal
State may be partly out of the Union and partly
in; its territory out, its people in; its territory and
people in,its government out. Officers, function-
aries, are not, in its full sense, the government.
The life of the government is not in them, but is
manifested through them. Suspension of action,
or void action by the functionaries Of a State gov-
ernment, is not the death of the State. State offi-
cers may commit suicide, a majority of the peo-
ple may commit suicide; the State has not there-
fore committed suicide. Usurpation or overthrow
of a Federal Slate government by the confederate
State government, even with the consent of a ma-
jority of the people, is not the death of the Fed-
eral State. The usurped or overriding power
being removed, the lawful Federal State govern-
ment revives of its own inherent life and becomes
the law of the people until they constitutionally
and lawfully change it. Every officer of a State
may die, resign, refuse to act,desert his State, or
turn traitor; is the State therefore dead? It is not.
The substance, the body of the State, its terri-
tory, its people, its organic law, remain. The
functionaries may be gone, but the functions of
•'government are not gone. Suspension of rights,
non-exercise of rights, either voluntary or by
coercion, or misfeasance, or malfeasance in a State
having elements of sovereignty, do not involve
destruction of sovereign righis, much less ex-
tinction of the Federal State. The State exists
and the rights revive when the suspendingor dis-
turbing cause is removed. It would relieve the
minority in this House from much embarrass-
ment, and save them perhaps from false charges
of factious opposition to Administration meas-
ures, if the President and his friends here would
agree among themselves and clearly define to us
the principles on which they propose to deal with
the States in rebellion. Are those States out of
the Union, or in it? Is their territory foreign
territory or not? Are the powers you and the
President are assuming to exercise over them
powers of conquestor powers underthe Constitu-
tion? Is the plan,euherin principle or in detail,
embraced in this bill, a plan'" wholly outside of
and unknown to the Constitution." or inside of
and known to it?
For my part 1 cannot understand the doctrine of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,]
by which a State is at the same time in the Union
and out of it; a State and not a State; at once a
State and a Territory; a State in the Union-to be
governed and out of the Union to be disfranchised
and punished. A State in my idea is an entirety;
a body-politic, not several bodies-politic; one
sovereignty, qualified and limited, it is true, but
yet one sovereignty, not many. ^ Members of the
State may be disjointed and perish, but the State
remains one body,eitherin the Union orout of it.
The doctrine of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Stevens,] that the States in rebellion
are in fact and in law out of the Union, is at least
consistent if not sound. It is a doctrine entiiely
consistent with the independence of the southern
confederacy, an idea which we have repudiated
at the cost of seas of blood. If the rebellious
States are in the Union> under the Constitution*
and in a legal sense there is no other Union, they j
are there as States, with all their constitutional
rights as such unimpaired; the war power can
touch only their claims of right not constitutional.
If they are out of the Union, but subject to our
power over them as their conquerors in war, be-
ing conquered, their territory merges into the
mass of national territory, and may be treated
and governed as such; not, however, by an un-
limited military discretion, but to the extent of
the constitutional power of the Federal Govern-
ment over its Territories; not otherwise.
But, sir, on this questionof the relationsof the
revolutionary States to the Federal Government
I accept the doctrines of President Lincoln in his
inaugural of March 4, 1861, and have only to
regret that after so clear and sound a statementof
constitutional law and good intentions, the Presi-
dent has since, in direct conflict with his own
teaching and oath, " come to the same conclu-
sion" with the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens.]
The President, on the 4th day of March, 1861,
among many other things which it cannot now
be pleasant for him or his admirers to refer to, said:
" 1 take my official oath to-day with no mental reserva-
tions, and with no purpo.-e to construe the Constitution or
laws by any hypercritical rules."
He further said:
" I hold that in contemplation of universal law, and of
the Constitution, the union of these States is perpetual."
He further said:
"It follows from these views that no Slate, upon its
own mere motion, can lawfully get out of the Union; that
resolves and ordinances to tlmt effect are legally void, and
lhatacts of violence within any State or States against the
authoiity of the United States are insurrectionary or revo-
lutionary, according 10 ciicumstanccs."
He further said:
" I therefore consider that in view of the Constitution
and the laws, the union of these States is unbroken, and
to the extent of my ability I shall take care, as the Con-
stitution itself enjoins upon me, that the laws of the Union
be laithfully executed in all the States."
This is the only; theory consistent with the
true constitutional idea that the Federal Union is
a perpetual union of States, and lhat each State,
as an individual member of the Union, has in
itself the same element of perpetuity that belongs
to the aggregate Republic formed by that Federal
union of States. The Union can be held to be
perpetual only on the principle that the States
composing it are perpetual corporations or bodies-
politic, and indestructible by any act of the ag-
gregate body or by their own act; otherwise con-
solidation, not union, is the fundamental principle
of the Federal Constitution; and this idea, the
language, the spirit, the history of the Consti-
tution, all repudiate. The States united cannot
destroy a single State; power to do that is power
to consolidate the States into one. A single State
cannot destroy the Union; power to do that is
power to secede; and neither consolidation nor
secession are principles of the Union.
What, then, is to be done in the case of a State
whose functions have been suspended or dis-
turbed by rebellion or other force alter the illegal
force hostile to the United States and lawful State
government has been overcome and removed,
there being no State officers having right to exer-
cise the functions of State government? Is the
Federal Government to intervene and set up a
new government, make a new constitution, as pro-
posedin this bill? Not so. In the absence of law-
ful State functionaries, from whatever cause, the
functions of State government revert to the people
in their primary right, as the source of the gov-
ernment. The life, the vital powers of the State
are in them, and all they have to do is, by concert
of action, conformable so far as may be to the
necessity of the case and the organic law of the
State, to choose new functionaries, new officers,
new Senators and Representatives in Congress,
and thus set the dormant or suspended govern-
ment oo-ain in motion in harmony with the Gov-
ernment of the United ^States. All this can be
done without theinitiative action,or cooperation,
oreven presence, of a single Federal officer within
the State. The sovereignty of a State as to its
internal affairs is in its people. The question of
the recognition of that sovereignty, in any form
in which it may be presented to the Federal Gov-
eminent for recognition, is a political, not a judi-
cial question,and is not to be decide&by abstract
theories, but by the tests of the Constitution. * JSTo
Federal act is indispensable to make a State gov-
ernment, reorganized "by the people in the made
1 have supposed, complete, except recognition by
the proper political authority of the Federal Gov- '
ernment, namely, the Congress; and the only
pepper inquiry is, " Is this government repub-
lican in form ? Was it established by the people
conformably to their owp laws? Is it faithful to
and in harmony with the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States?"
I will not say that facts may never exist tojustify
action by the Federal Government in harmony
with and subordinate to the will of the people of
the State, but they cannot justify it in dictating or-
ganic changes, when no conflict exists between the
organic law of the State and the Constitution of the"
United States. The action of the Federal Gov-
ernment, in anyextreme case justifying its inter-
vention, must be subsidiary to State laws, not
paramount to them. It cannot, as did General
Banks, declare a Stat? constitution and laws void
unless the Constitution of the United States or
laws passed pursuant to it make them void. The
principle, the essential character, of this question
is not changed, whether the temporary overthrow
of the lawful State government arises from the
acts ofa foreign enemyor from internalordomes-
tic violence. Can eitherdestroy the constitutional
government of the State, or destroy or wipe out
us organic law or any part of it so as to leave the
State a tabula rasa, whereon the Federal Govern-
ment can write, or command the people of the
State to write, what it pleases? If a foreign
enemy or an internal revolutionary State gov-
ernment cannot thus destroy or change the law-
ful State government and constitution, by what
right can the United States Government, having
authority in the State only to protect lawful State
and Federal authority, work siich destruction or
organic changes? To assume that it can is to
assume that the United States, a Government of
delegated and strictly limited powers, can either
upon the occasion of a foreign war, or of rebellion
in a State, by its own act, subvert its own Con-
stitution, conquer its own territory, and over-
throw its own constituent States.
"The United States? shall guaranty to every State in
this Union a republican form of government."—Consti-
tution of the United States, art. 4, sec. 4.
Herein is claimed to be the constitutional war-
rant fortius bilf. What does it mean ? What
is the extent of the power? Who is to judge of
the occasion and manner and measure of its ex-
ercise ? The United States, the guarantor, agrees
with each State, the guarantee, that neither the
United States, nor any one or more States, nor
any other Power, shall ever overthrow repub-
lican government in any State. The guarantee is
fundamental, and the very essence of the con-
tract between the States in the Constitution, and
irrevocable except by the assent of every State.
The pow^r to amend by three fourths of the States
cannot reach it, for that is a power to amend, not
to destroy; and if republican government be of
the essence of our Federal system, to destroy re-
publican government is to destroy the system
nself.
The constitutional guarantee cannot be extended
beyond its plain import. It was intended as a
shield to the States, not as a sword against them—
a power of protection, not of encroachment or
aggression—the protection of republican forms
of Government in the States, not the creation of
such governments by the Federal authority,is the
purpose of the guarantee. No one reserved State
rightcan be divested by its exercise. Is the right
to regulate its own domestic policy, not incon-
sistentwith the Constitution of theUnited States,
a reserved right of each State? Who denies it? -
Is it consistent with the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States for a State government to declare that
a negro or a woman shall not hold office, or vote,
or be a juror in such State ?* It clearly is. The
power so to declare is a reservt-d right of each
State. Can Congress take it away ? Imightcx-
tend the inquiry to the entire class of subjects
which, hitherto, and until the monomania of ab-
olition and negro equality had seized the public
mind, were regarded as within the reserved rights
of the States, and ask, can Congress take them
