m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL "GLOBE.
[February 20,
38th Costs....2d Sess.
JReconstruction—Mr. Edgerton.
Ho. of Reps.
away? This bil! says that it can. The Consti-
tution of the United States, if it means anything,
means that it cannot. If Congress can do what
is proposed to be done by the twelfth section of
this bill, it is hard to conceive what it cannot do
in the way of dictating State constitutions and
subverting State governments. Its power would
admit of no limitation except in its own ji*Ig-
mentof what might be for " the general welfare,"
and to concede to it that discretion would be to
concede to it the omnipotence of the British Par-
liament, and to such a practical result have the
dogmas of abolition led us.
But admit that Congress may judge as to what
is a republican form of government in a State,
that judgment is not one of unlimited discretion,
but is to be guided by the Constitution; what that
recognizes as republican government is so, and no
different rule of republicanism can be imposed by
Congress until the Constitution itself is changed.
This would seem to be too plain a proposition to
admit of question.
What, then, is a State government republican
in form? Is a slaveholdmg State such a gov-
ernment? Is a State not guarantying " freedom
and equality of civil rights to all persons before
the law" such a government? Beyond question
it is, or may be; for a large majority of just such
States, slaveholdmg States, made the Federal
Union and Constitution, and protected slavery
by express guarantees as a local relation or in-
Rtitution of States; and every functionary of the
Federal Government is estopped by the Consti-
tution itself, by judicial precedent, and by the
uniform practice of the Government from avow-
ing that a Federal State recognizing negro slavery
js not or cannot be a republican State. To assert,
then, that slavery and a republican form of gov-
ernmental incompatible, and that, therefore, the
executive or legislative power of the United States
•—the Constitution being unchanged by amend-
ment—have a right to declare that a State consti-
tution and laws recognizing negro slavery are un-
constitutional and void, is to assert a falsehood
and an absurdity, and for the Federal Govern-
ment, executive or legislative, to demand as a
condition of recognition and protection to a State
in its government thatitshaliabolish slavery,and
to enforce such demand by military occupation
nnd force, is usurpation and revolution on the
part of the Federal Government, nothing less.
This, sir, in my judgment, is the logic of the Con-
stitution, and no specious arguments or florid rhet-
oric upon slavery, its wrongs or its dangers, can
refute that logic. Before the law and logic of the
Federal Constitution, the bill now before the
House is revolutionary and void. If this isarev-
olutionary Congress, you have a revolutionary
power to pass this bill; butifit be, as lam bound
by my oath of office to believe and assert, a Con-
gress sitting under the Constitution of the United
States, and havilig no powers outside of or un-
known to it, then you cannot constitutionally pass
this bill.
But the question involved is not one of power
alone. It is also one of policy, of expediency,
of magnanimity—a groat question, appealing not
only to the calmest judgment of the people but to
the best and noblest feelings of their hearts, and
among these, sir, I include the sympathies which
spring from identity of race and kindred blood.
We, sir, are white men, exercising the powers of
a Government made by white men, and our first
duty is to use those powers for the benefit of white
men and their posterity forever. Our duty to our
own race is kindred to our duly to our own fam-
ilies. True charity begins at home.
Mr. Speaker, the question most important to
the people of the United States and to this Con-
gress is, how soonest to restore peace and union
with the constitutional rights of every State un-
impaired; for, sir, there can be small hope of per-
manent peace without union, and that will be no
union in the senseo£the Constitution into which
any State, shorn of its equality and sovereignty,
Khali be dragged at the chariot wheels of military
conquest. Consent, five consent, not force, made
the Union of these States, and free consent is the
only honorable and just agency that can secure
its permanent restoration. "With whatever ab-
horrence I may look upon the southern revolu-
tion and its consequent evils to the whole country,
kcould not without pain behold the Representa-
tives of conquered and degraded States coming to
our doors to—
" Bend low, and in a bondman's bey.
With bated breath and whispering humbleness"
sue for admission here. Let that spectacle of
the degradation of American States, our consti-
tutional coequals in rights and sovereignty, be
spared to the American people and to the nations
of the earth. Magnanimity is an element in the
highest statesmanship. Like mercy, to which it
is kindred—
" It becomes
The throned monarch better than his crown."
We can afford to be magnanimous; we can af-
ford to spare the people ot the southern States,
even if they were absolutely conquered and had
laid down their arms and we had full power over
them, the humiliation of reconstruction upon the
principles and in the ways indicated by the bill
now before the House.
Mr. Speaker, we have tried four years of dis-
union and civil war. Destruction, desolation,
political and social demoralization have nuaiked
the whole progress of the war. It has shaken our
political fabric to the loosening of its very corner-
stones. In the wild delirium of their passion the
American people have made war on each other
as the fabled Titans warred. We have rushed
into fields of blood as if we felt upon us " the
thews of Anakim,"and within us " the pulses of
a Titan's heart." The whole action of the body-
politic for the lust four years has been abnormal
and spasmodic. The cry has been blood, blood,
when all through this fearful ordeal of passion
the great want of the nation has been statesman-
ship, not blood; wise men, ratherthan destroying
armies. The war has brought no beneficent results
that statesmanship could not better have achieved._
W.e may endeavor to trace in the bloody track of
war the ways and footsteps of the benign Deity
whom we have dethroned as the Prince of Peace,
in order to.enthrone him as the God of Battles;
but, sir, tfe will search in vain in the past or future
for compensation for the appalling evils of the
war. The judgment of history will be that the
last four years have been years of dishonor, not
of true glory to the American people. Priding
ourselves upon our intelligence, our Christianity,
our freedom, our power, and boasting of asystem
of constitutional government adapted by its self-
adiusting power of amendment to cure its own
detects and perpetuate itself without revolution,
but turning infidels to our own self-imposed law,
we have waded in slaughter, because we could
not agree as to the character and limitations of
our own constitution of government. No question
of dynastic succession, no question of religious
faith, no fact of intolerable oppression, such as m
other countries and ages made revolutions and
civil wars, can ied us into war. We have fought
like demons when we should have taken counsel
together and argued and voted like intelligent and
patriotic freemen.
Mr. Speaker, the people want peace. The
public welfare demands peace. The time for
peace is near at hand—if wtsdom fail us not now,
as it failed us in the beginning of the war. The
bad passions, and I may say the bad men, that
provoked and began the war, have well-nigh run
their course and spent their fury. Reason, and
the patriotism that embraces the whole country,
not sections alone, nor States alone in the fold of
its love, are again assuming mastery. Notwith-
standing the clouds that have temporarily ob-
scured them, signs elsewhere, if not in this House,
are not unhopeful of the near inauguration of the
power of conciliation which loolcs to reason rather
than to force—to kind charities rather than malign
passions as an agency for peace and union.
* Conciliation, which involves the postponement
or at least the subordination of the question of
slavery and all its collateral issues between the
contending States to the higher question of the
Constitution and the Union, has from the begin-
ning of the war been a prominent feature in the
policy of the Democratic party toward the peo-
ple of the southern States. It has subjected us
to gross misrepresentation and to unmeasured
vituperation, and in many individual cases to op-
pression and outrage; but, sir, it was a policy dic-
tated by the best impulses of the heart, demanded
by the Constitution, and justified by the experi-
ence of history. It was clearly indicated in the
Crittenden resolution of July, 1861, and all par-
ties in Congress then approved it and the people
accepted it. it was clearly stated m the Chicago
resolutions of August last, and in the public letters
of the Democratic candidate for the Presidency.
This policy ofcon<-;liation was not adhered to and
carriedoutby thePresidentand Congress,and un-
der the influence of the passions of war it failed to
receive an approving vote of a majority of the
people in the election of November last; but it is
nevertheless entitled to the rcspect due to the
convictions of a minority of one million eight
hundred thousand free electors in the United
States, whose fidelity to their country, however
aspersed, history will indicate. This policy, sir,
of conciliation is the only policy upon which
peace can be made without degradation and dis-
honor to men whom it is neither our right nor
our interest to degrade,orexpatriate, or destroy;
it is the only policy that will permanently heal
the gaping wounds of war, and leave no rankling
hate to fester into gangrene in the body-politic.
Mr. Speaker, the abstract question of right or
wrong between the northern and southern States,
or the question of negro slavery, is not the whole
question in our case when we come to treat of
peace, or to discuss measures in the interest of
peace. Slavery is not the subject on which we
took up arms, and it is not the chief question to
be settled. We cannot make peace on that naked
issue. We cannot without crime carry on the
war until the theory of absolute justice to the
negro is realized. Absolute justice, absolute
right, are things unattainable in any human so-
ciety, for the reason that the Divine ruler of the
world has not so constituted man nor ordered
human affairs as to make them attainable. Revo-
lutions, political contests, civil wars, have never
fully realized any abstract theories of right or of
perfect Commonwealths. This war will not real-
ize them. Philosophers may speculate over such
theories and picture imaginary Utopias, but the
stein logic of history, the incorrigible perveisi-
ties of man's natureblow the air-puinted pictures
to the %vinds.
"Theearth hath bubbles as the water hath,
And theae are of them."
Holding these views of the character of the
war and of the policy and means that will soonest
end it, the bill before us, in my judgment, is not
a measure for peace, it is not a measure for union,
it will not aid to restore and recnthrone in the
hearts of the people the broken and dishonored
Constitution. It embodies a spirit and purpose
toward the southern people which, if impolitic
and vindictive one year ago, when the bill first
came before the House, and when our enemy
was far stronger and more defiant than new, is
still more impolitic and vindictive at this time,
when the minds of all good men are searching
diligently for ways of reconciliation and peace.
Mr. Speaker, the opinions and lears of the
southern people that the Republican party when
it obtained control of the Federal Government by
the election of 18G0 would not stop short of the
total obliteration of slavery in the United States,
and a remodeling of the whole domestic policy
of the slaveholdmg States, were not groundless.
The logic of the abolition party, the logic of Mr.
Lincoln and Mr. Seward, and of all others who for
the sake of political power accepted the dogmas
and acquired the animus of the radical abolition-
ists, inexorably demanded the immolation of ne-
gro slavery. It has come, sir, and by and by it
willte for us and our posterity to count the cost
and sum up our and their gains. The war, pro-
voked by an intemperate zeal to dry up or blot out
what Mr. Seward once termed " the mean and
miserable rivulet of black African slavery," has
only hastened and made us to realize, with fear-
ful cost of blood and wealth and human happi-
ness, a result that was as certain otherwise to
come in God's own time peacefully, through the
inevitable workings of a free constitution of gov-
ernment, as the stars are certain to move in their
courses according to the laws of their being.
No greater absurdity was ever imposed upon
a deluded-people than the idea continually dwelt
upon by the radical abolitionists that slavery was
encroaching upon freedom, and that there was
