1865.
THE COtfGBlSSIOMD GLOBE.
Mr. JOHNSON. They were charged with it
originally when the factories first started, but it
was soon found to be unfounded.
Mr. FOSTER. So I apprehend will it be found
in repaid to this, for it is impossible in the nature
of things that it should continue. The amount
manufactured at different points and in different
States is too wide-spread, the interests of the peo 
pie who are engaged in the manufacture are too
diverse to enable them thus to unite and monopo-
lize an article of this sort. I have already stated
that the amount produced in the country during
the last year was almost thirty million dollars;
and it is scattered over every State. I have re-
turns from twenty-three States now before me,
that paid taxes to this Government on the paper
manufactured within them the last year. The
idea that the manufacturers extended over twen-
ty-three States are going to combine to make a
monopoly is, as I have said, perfectly ridiculous.
This is a great interest, and it is not to be struck
at with impunity. 1 do not mean with impunity
as regards the power of the manufacturers; they
are in our hands no doubt; but I mean with re-
gard to the interests of the country. We shall
strike a blow at public prosperity when we strike
a blow at so important a branch of industry as
this.
1 have spoken of the amount produced in the
State of Ohio. The little State of Delaware pro-
duced last year the amount of $675,033. The
greatState ofNew York produced $8,014,900; the
State of Massachusetts $7,555,933; the State of
Connecticut, a small State, contributed her quota
in the sum of $2,792,066.
Mr. JOHNSON. Have you Maryland there?
Mr. FOSTER. No, sir, I have not; at least
I do not put my eye upon it now. I say that
these interests are too important and too large to
be trifled with, and that any attempt to reduce
the present duty is a blow at their prosperity.
Mr. President, I am quite free to avow myself
a disciple in the school of Henry Clay of glorious
memory in regard to the protection of domestic
industry. I know that that doctrine found strong
opposers and was jeered at and derided by the
southern and southwestern States during all the
life, or most of the life, of that great man; but
unless I am greatly mistaken the experience of
the last four years has taught the southern and
southwestern States the wisdom and the sagacity
of the policy taught and advocated by that ardent
Kentuckian, but more ardent American, Henry
Clay. The States in rebellion, if they had but
adopted the system advocated so strongly by
him, would have been in a condition to make
a vastly better fight against us than they have
done; and if the northern States had not to a con-
siderable extent adopted that policy, we should
have been beaten and driven ignominiously from
the field long ago. Our Government would
have been overthrown—prostrated. Unless I am
greatly mistaken the day is not distant when our
country,united again as it was, again having all
the States represented here, no star fallen, the
policy of domestic industry which was advocated
as 1 have said by our great departed statesman,
wiil have its strongestadvocates and friends from
the South and Southwest. The stern school of
necessity, experience, has made converts in that
region that reason and argument failed to make.
This will be a tribute to the wisdom of the policy
all the more valuable because it will come from
most reluctant sources.
Mr. President, inorderto raise the great-amounts
of money which we are now called upon to raise,
we must develop our internal resources and cher-
ish our home industry. The Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] is entirely right. We must open
our mines (and they are inexhaustible) of coal
and iron and lead and copper and silver and gold,
not forgetting the ever-flowing fountains of oil.
We must put into tillage and under cultivation
our bioad fields and vast prairies until they wave
with golden grain, and echo with the song of the
reaper. Then, sir, as the Senatorfrom Ohio says,
our debt, mighty as it is now in name, will never
be felt as a burden. Our country will be united,
happy, prosperous, glorious, and free, the joy of
the whole earth. But if we adopt the contrary
policy, if instead of employing our people at home
and manufacturing the articles which we need as
well as the articles of luxury arid elegance which
we now import from abroad, we purchase every-
thing abroad because we can there buy cheaper,
the course of the country will be rapidly down-
ward; between usand national bankruptcy, repu-
diation, and ruin, there will be but a few steps.
I hope we shall not take the initial one to-day by
repealing this duty on paper, or indeed by med-
dling with it at all. Sound policy and wise states-
manship require us to leave it where it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr.PoMERO?
in the chair.) The question before the Senate is
on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hale] to postpone the further con-
sideration of this bill indefinitely.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senate will not
postpone this matter, but meet it fairly by vote.
There lias been a great deal of discussion in the
public prints and through the country and in the
State Legislatures on the subject of the duty on
paper, and 1 much prefer to decide it than to post-
pone it. In my own State the feeling is almost
universally in favor of a reduction of the duty on
paper. So strong was the feeling that when the
subject was presented to the Ohio Legislature, the
resolutions referred to by my colleague were passed
by an almost unanitfious vote, perhaps without a
division. Occupying the position 1 did as chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, and notugree-
ing entirely with the opinion of the Legislature, I
reexamined the whole question with the sincere
desire to comply with their request. 1 do not re-
gard their resolutions as controlling my vote, but
only as an opinion entitled to great weight and
conclusive on questions about which I have
doubts. The preamble and resolution is as fol-
lows:
" Whereas the duty on imported paper amounts to pro-
hibition, and pioducrs no revenue, but costs the Govern-
ment an atnouut estimated at $500,000 per annum; and
whereas said duty is an unprofitable tax upon the people,
and a needless limitation upon the freedom of the press:
Therefore,
Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Ohio.
That our Senatoi sand Representatives are hereby requested
to exrrt thcii influence lor the removal or diminution of
said duty."
We are requested to remove or diminish the
duty on paper. To remove the duty entirely,
without removing the excise on domestic paper,
could not have been contemplated by the Legisla-
ture, as its gross injustice is apparent. I am willing
to diminish it, but not to the extent desired. If the
question was presented to the members of the
Legislature, for whom I have high respect, as it
has been to me, I do not believe five members
of either branch would vote in favor of a reduction
of the duty to the rate of three percent. They
desired no doubt to see a reduction in the price of
paper, because under the operation of the high
pHce of paper many of the local country papers
nave been driven out of existence. I have re-
ceived letters from editors and publishers in dif-
ferent parts of my State demanding and urging
the repeal of the duty on paper. Th&y say to me
that the local papers are being driven out of ex-
istence, but this is by competition with the large
papers in the cities of Cleveland, Columbus, and
Cincinnati, and with the papers in New York, and
not by the high price of paper. Without looking
to the cause of this increased price, they naturally
suppose that it is caused by the tariff laws.
When I came to examine this question in the
first instance, I supposed that the duty on paperdid
in fact, to some extent, operate on the price of the
paper; but on an examination of the laws I found
that the rate of duty now is less than ever before.
If the present rate of twenty percent, would make
the high price, what would the former rate of
thirty-five per cent., and at one time forty per
cent., make it? When 1 came to examine the price
as compared with other commodities, 1 found that
it has risen no more than anything else, and not
as much as the necessaries of life. The price of
paper at the highest was about twenty-eight cents,
and now it is about twenty cents, per pound.
When coin was the standard, it was ten cents to
ten and a half cents; so that it is not now more
than double the former price, while iron, nails,
cloth, and every commodity used by all classes
of citizens are more than doubled in price. The
complaint made by the consumers of paper, there-
fore, is the same complaint that might be made by
the consumer of every commodity; owing to the
inflation of paper money and the withdrawal of
large numbers of laborers from the ordinary
branches of industry, the price of every commod-
ity has risen from two to three hundred percent.
I observed also further,by aoompamsonof t&e
price of paper andgold,thatitonly followed thai
invariable standard of value. -At tbfi commence-
ment of the war, paper was ten cents per pound.
When gold advanced to 280, it was twenty*eigfrt
cents; when it fell to 200 it was twenty cents per
pound, and so on, governed by the invariable
standard. I was satisfied under these Circum-
stances, that the duty on imported paper jid not
create this large price. It was the price of gold; it
was the price of the commodities thatenter into tho
manufacture of paper; it was the price of labor;
it was the price of ironand all the materials which
enter into and formed a part of tfce expenses of
the laboring man of the country. All these had
advanced in proportion,and the duty had but lit-
tle to do with it. When reduced from thirty-five
to twenty per cent, paperstilladvancod with gold.
Then, again, when I came to examine the fact
that we levied upon our own manufacturers ten
per cent., and this could be demonstrated in fig-
ures so plain that every schoolboy could see it,
the proposition to levy only three per cent, on
the foreign manufacturer was abhorrent to my
sense of justice. The Legislature of Qhio has
not, and would not, if here, vote for that proposi-
tion; a proposition to make a discrimination in
favor of the Canada manufacturers, on the oppo-
site side of our lakes, of at least seven per cent.;
a proposition to make a discrimination in favor
of the manufacturers in Belgium, where labor is
cheap, of seven per cent. It was not only A de-
parture from the principles advocated by the,great
body of the Legislative Assembly of Ohio, but it
was a departure from any principle ever advo-
cated by the free-trade men.
Mr. FOSTER. Except imposing a penalty
for making paper in this country.
Mr. SHERMAN. What was the principleof
the free-tiade men of the country? All of them
said that American industry ought to be placed
on the same footing and with the same compe-
tition with foreign industry, so that if any occu-
pation of life proved to be unprofitable by fair
competition the people might go to some other
employment. But, sir, the proposed tax of three
percent, on foreign paper was absolute discrimi-
nation against the home manufacturer.
1 will take a case put by the figures. We manu-
facture now $80,000,000 worth of paper asshown
by the statistics. The amount now paid to the
Government as internal revenue and as customs
on that is about $7,000,000; I mean including the
duties on chemicals. There is, first, three per
cent, on all manufactured paper. Then there is
the duty of five percent, for the income tax. Then
there are all these chcmicals, all the materials that
enter into the manufacture. Taking these to-
gether, it is proven very plainly that on the aver-
age the duty is ten per cent, on the aggregate value
of .the paper; so that in one form or another the
internal duty on paper in its various forms—
books, newspapers, &c.—is at least $8,000,000.
If we were to import that amount of paper into
the country, instead of manufacturing it in our
own country, what would be the effect? We
would get three per cent, on $40,000,000 in gold.
Reduced to the foreign valuation that $80,000,000
would be about $40,000,000 in gold, and a duty of
three per cent, on $40,000,000 would be §1,200,000
in gold, or, reduced to our standard of value,
would be $2,400,000 in the place of $8,000,000;^
so that by this proposition, passed by the House
of Representatives without much debate, the
Government of the United States would lose in
revenue five or six million dollars.
Who would be benefited by it? Would the
newspapers be benefited? Not at all. They
would destroy home competition, because under
this discrimination against home industry no pa-
per manufactory could be carried on here. They
would destroy our mills at home, and then we
would be at the mercy of the paper manufacturers
abroad; and not only that, we would have to cat-
port $40,000,000 in gold to pay for that which for-
merly was made at home, giving employment to
our own people. Such a proposition as that, if
submitted to the Legislature of Ohio, after full
discussion, I venture to say would not have been
approved by three members of that body.
And, sir, my own position on this subject has
been misrepresented at home. All the newspa-
pers in Ohio are naturally in favor of the largest
' 1 reduction. There is scarcely a pupexm
