1865.]
APPENDIX. m THE GONOEESSIOKM 4L0BE.
•81
38tii Cons.,•-2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Edgertan.
Ho. 'of Reps.
danger that the Union would become all slaye.
It was not, sir, the idea of a statesman or of a
large-minded patriot. The spirit of the Consti-
tution, the instinct of the American people, the
physical characteristics of the country, the laws
of political economy, the statisticsof our national
development, tlie very laws of human progress,
were all against such an idea; a (id if anything in
our past political history gave encouragement to
it it was removed by the much-traduced Kansas
and Nebraska act of 1854. There was, sir, in
that act a principle which laid the ax at the root
of the tree of African slavery on this continent;
it was the principle of American Democracy, the
democratic principle of the right, of the people to
form and regulate their domestic institutions in
their own way, as well in Territories as in States.
It removed the Missouri Compromise line from
the national territory, and opened to the superior
activity and vigor of free institutions.the territory
south of the Missouri line, which had, by the
Missouri act of 1820, been tacitly set apart for
slave States. It left freedom and slavery to fight
put their battle on neutral ground, and who shall
doubt on which.side the victory would rest? If
any proof werp wanting that the Kansas and
Nebraska act of 1854 was one in the interest of
free institutions it may be found in the fact that
the author and ablest advocate of that apt, Ste-
phen A. Douglas* was politically crucified by
"southern men because; he would not cooperate in
nor approve their schemes to .defeat the intent
and spirit of the law by carrying slavery byforce
and fraud into the constitution pf the new State
of Kansas. When the Federal Government itself
by the act of 1854 had cut loose from political in-
tervention with slavery all that true and intelli-
gent friends of free States had to do was to cease
agitation of slavery as a question of national pol-
itics, trust to the peaceful, healthy action of the
Constitution, and the progressive vitality of free
institutions, and abide their time. " The mean
, «nd miserable rivulet of black African, slavery"
would have disappeared, leaving perhaps stains,
-but no fearful rents nor scars upon the body-
politic.
But it was otherwise ordered. The suicidal ef-
fort, at secession afforded to the zealots of anti-
slayery a prejtext.&r talking direct and open war
upon .slavery, with all the power, material and
political, they had acquired by the election of
1860, and they at once adapted, their theories and
plans to the changed relations which secession
had produced. The sagacious mind of Mr. A.
H. Stephens clearly foresaw and foreshadowed
this result in his sp.eech against secession to the
Georgia convention^ when he warned the, conven-
tion that the consequence of their unwise and im-
politic act of secession would be to destroy their
hope of more slave States, and perhaps by it lose
all, and have .their last slave wrested from them
by stern military rule, " or," as he said, " by the
vindictive decree of a universal emancipation,
which may reasonably be expected to follow."
On the 4th March, 1861, it is plain the mind of
Mr. Lincoln, however imbued with anti-slavery
ideas and the conviction of the necessity of abo-
lition, had not thrown off the restraints of the
Constitution. He was then even willing so far
to ignore the doctrine of his speech of June 17,
1858, as to declare his assent to the amendment
which had been proposed by Congress to the ef-
fect that no amendmentto the Constitution should
ever be made " to give to Congress the power to
abolish or interfere within any State with the do-
mestic institutions thereof, including that of per-
sons held to service or labor under the laws of
said State." Then the President believed he had
not the power,and he declared he had not the in-
clination, to disturb slavery in the States. Then
the war power had not developed itself to his mind
nor been made precious to him by the habit and
pleasure of its use.
So soon as it was apparent, after the beginning
of civil war at Charleston, that the people of the
North were prepared, for the sake of the Union
under the Constitution, to meet the terrible ordeal
of war, and to make force an element of its de-
fense, the wily antagonists of slavery saw their
opportunity and advanced the proposition which
a majority of the people seem to have gradually
accepted as a postulate: " Slavery is the Gauge
New Series—No. 6.
and strength of the rebellion." This taken for
granted, its consequents were plain: to destroy
the rebellion, slavery must be destroyed; to re-
store the Union, slavery must be destroyed; to
preserve the Constitution, slavery must be de-
stroyed. This postulateand its consequences once
accepted by the President and his party, it was
not difficult to find in assumed war powers of the
Executive a:nd of Congress the instruments to do
the perfect work of abolition in the rebellious
States.
Mr. Speaker, the truth of the assertion that sla-
very is the cause and strength of the rebellion has
never been apparent to my mind. It may be true
thatlherebellion would not have occurred when it
did except for slavery; neither would it have oc-
curred except for the success of the Republican
party upon an anti-siavery policy. The real
cause of the rebellion lies deeper than the feet of
slavery. Not slavery alone, but the undue de-
velopment and antagonism of two principles in
the Federal system engendered practical infidelity
to the Constitution; and from being infidels to the
Constitution it was~«n easy transition for men
to become its destroyers. From the foundation
of the Government the principle of consolidation
or centralization of.power, tending in its extreme
assertion to monarchy, and the democratic prin-
ciple of Stale rights, or diffuesibn of power, tending
in its extreme assertion to disintegration and
anarchy, have fought peaceful political battles
over the Federal Constitution with alternating
success. I do not know that these two principles
can better be characterized than by comparing"
them to the centripetal and centrifugal forces in
the solar system, forces so evenly balanced in
that system by the divine hand that they ever
work together in harmony; but in our Federal
political system they are subject to the disturbing
influences of man's imperfect capacity to regulate
his own moral and intellectual nature; subject,
in brief, to man's imperfections.
So long as intelligence, patriotism, love of the
Constitution, and mutual good-will between all
the States ruled the Government, there was no
occasion for the dangerous assertion of either
Federal or State rights; the two differing theories
or forces were practically harmless; they worked
jn harmony like the forces binding the sun and
the planets in their appointed spheres. Butwhen
sectional interests and opinions became strongly
antagonistic, and sectional jealousies grew to
heart-burnings and hatred, the subject of slavery
became the prominent one on which the antago-
nism of sections became most marked, and Mas-
sachusetts and South Carolina became represent-
atives of ultra opinions on each side.- Boston
denounced the Constitution of the United States
as "a league with hell," because of its protection
of slavery, and resisted the fugitive slave law;
while Charleston imprisoned Samuel Hoar, an
honorable citizen of Massachusetts, for seeking
to obtain justice for a kidnapped man of color,
claimed to be a citizen of Massachusetts. With
the strong antagonism and hatred between sec-
tions as represented in their extremes by the two
States I have named, came the efforts of the
stronger States, having a common interest and
institutions, to work out their plans through the
central Federal power, and the effort of the weaker
section, having other common interests and in-
stitutions, to protect themselves by flying off or
withdrawing from the Federal influence. Abo-
lition in the North sought its ends through the
principle of consolidation; the slaveholding, or
rather cotton States, sought protection for their
sectional interests, slavery included, in the disin-
tegrating principle of secession. When sectional
hostility is strong for whatever cause, the stronger
party resorts to Federal power, the weaker falls
back for defense on State rights. Massachusetts
in 1814, hostile to the war of 1812 because of its
effects on her commerce, took steps in the Hart-
ford Convention toward rebellion and secession.
South Carolina in 1832, aggrieved by the tariff
of 1828, attempted nullification,and would have
seceded except for the strong will and Federal
power of Jackson, sustained by the public opin-
ion of the nation. South Carolina in I860, tak-
ing Massachusetts at her word, that the Consti-
tution was "a covenant with death," and ought
to bo broken, tried to break it; but circumstances
had then changed, and Massaclmsetts'having the
power to enforce the covenant of death, Having
Federal power on lier side, stood by the Union
and its bond, even to the extremity*of1 wiping
the people and name of South Carolina from ifife
face of the earth. Sir, in the light of history the
mutual criminations and recriminations of Mas-
sachusetts and South Carolina are pahiful to truth-
ful and candid men. Mutual charity" rather than
mutual vituperation Would become'b'oth.. ' :
In the sense in which I have stated it; sir, ssa
pretext for oran element of infidelity to the Con-
stitution, is slavery a cause of the war, and not
otherwise. If Massachusetts and the northern
States had loved the Union and Constitution more
than they liated slavery, there would have been
no war; had South Carolina and thecotton Stated
loved the Union and Constitution more tbaiij'thp^
hated New England and loved slavery,' fh'ei'S
Would have been no war. State rights und Fed-
eral rights, the centrifugal and centripetal forces
of the Federal system, Would have worked har-
moniously for centuries, arid slavery have disap-
peared as the twilight melts into 'the perfect day.
Men of both sections, sir, extreme abolitionists
and extreme advocates of" slavery,arerespqnsfcfW
for and must bear the guilt; the moral gitift, 6'{
the rebellion; : .
As slavery is not in any jtrst sense the cause of
the war, neither is it the strength of the relieflioff;
on the contrary, sir, it has been its Weakri«!ss4riil
the cause of its failure. Slavery m this war naa
been to the southern States', when they leaned oi|
it for support, a broken reed. Think you, sir;
that if the seceded States, instead of three and'a
half million negro slaves, had had within th^i?
borders the same number of white persons with
their proper proportion of such fighting men asi
have filled the southern armies for the last four
years, the chances of the South for independents
would not have been far greater and their military
successes far greaterthan they have beert ? When
the southern men, in their madness, laid ttydii?
sacrilegious hands upon the ark of the Federal
covenant, they doomed to death their institution
of slavery, and lost their power of preserving
their cherished dogma of State'rights; and had
the Federal Government during' the war nevfef
done one act or written one line by way of ed&t
or law touching slavery as an'institution, slaVery
would have perished. The necessities of war,
the contact and abrasion of war, would have Worn
it away; and it was an evil, nay a woeful, day
when anti-slavery fanaticism, in order to destroy
an institution already doomed to death in the
house of its friends, broke down the safeguards
and limitations of the Constitution, and made a
federal republic substantially a consolidated em-
pire whose very organic law has become the mere
creature of executive will. Sir, the wisest men
of the Administration party have not hesitated to
say, and, to say truly, that the isstui with rebel-
lion has been changed and its power invigorated
by the radical anti-slavery policy, under whose
pressure your President has conducted his ad-
ministration. If southern armies have been con-
quered, sir, it has not been done by emancipation
proclamations, or confiscation acts, or acts parti-
tioning southern lands among negroes, nor by
negro soldiers, but by such free-born" young
white men as their own brave, proud spirits and
the military genius ofMcClellan trained into the"
heroes that smote the power of the rebellion at
South Mountain and Antietam; such free-born
young white men of our own Northwest, sir, as,
under the leadership of Sherman, moved " still
as the breeze, butdread&il as the storm, "through
the quaking heart of the southern confederacy
from Atlanta to Savannah.
In myjudgment, sir, not one victory has been
gained, not one Union man made in the South,
not one'Federal dollar nor the life of one Unioti
soldier saved, by making the war a war upon sla-
very rather than upon armed enemies of the'
Union; on thecontrary,battles,lives, dollars,and
priceless liberties have been lost by the efforts to
abolish slavery by Federal power rather than to
subdue rebellion. And in addition to all this,sir, the
policy of negro elevation to an equality^ of social
and political rights in this Republic with white
men, its natural, and in the order of God its in-
evitable rulers, is the death-warrant of the Afii*
