82
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20,
38tii Cons. ... 2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Edgerton.
Ho. of Beps.
can race among us, dooming it to gradual but cer-
tain' extermination. As superior and inferior
races, the Anglo-Norman and the negro may exist
together in the same political State; but as equals
they never can.
Under the blind infatuation of partisan passion,
ignoring the most solemn pledge*?, and even truths,
of human nature, the purpose and issue of the
war have been changedon our part from defense
of the {Jmon and Constitution to the enforce-
ment of the abandonment of slavery and the polit-
ical elevation of negroes. That has been made
the condition of peace, and the President and Con-
gress have marked out the line by which they will
travel to its realization. They have been fighting
it out on that line for three years or more, until
it runs in a a river of blood. Have we reached
the haven of peace ? Ask the armies and navies
still doing the work of death; ask the late order
for the conscription of three hundred thousand
more men, additional to the two million and more
already offered to the Moloch of war. Have we
saved the Union? Its fate still hangs trembling
upon the ordeal of battle. Strength and victory
seem now on our side, but the race is not always
to the swift, nor the battle to the strong. Have
we saved the Constitution? Like a dishonored
scroll it has been trampled under the feet of the
President and Congress, and two million and more
of voters who, but a few years ago, sang Io pceans
in its honor, now say " Amen" to its dishonor.
Few, sir, who witnessed it, will ever forget the
scene of a few days ago, wiien the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Ashley,] seemingly proud of
his functions, officiated as high priest in this
Hall while the Constitution of our country, the
matchless woik,and bearing the honored names
of Washington, Franklin, Madison, Hamilton,
and their illustrious compeers, was offered as a
sacrifice upon the altar of the blood-stained demon
of political abolition, and the wild shouts of a law-
defying multitude rang from the crowded gal-
leries to applaud the deed; and, sir, the majesty
and dignity of the Constitution and the laws,
represented in your place of honor and power,
seemed to quail before the exultant shout of vic-
torious partisans. But, sir, I ask again, have we
by the war and its policy saved and protected the
rights of the States—rights the maintenance of
which inviolate were not long ago declared to be
essential to the perfection and endurance of out-
political fabric of Federal Union? You who so
declared on the IGlIi day of May, I860, arid your
President, who so declared, under the solemnity
of his inaugural oath, on the 4th day of March,
1861, now laugh your own declarations as well
as the rights of the States to scorn. Has the war
of abolition saved the lives and happmessof our
own white race? inquire of the countless dead,
ask the desolated homes, commune with the wid-
ows and orphans, measure the sorrow of broken
hearts, ask the maimed victims of the war, ask
the millions to whom the war and its policy have
brought poverty, sickness, wounds, sorrow, sin,
and death. Have we lightened the burdens of
the people? Have we, in the gilded phrase of
your President, " lifted artificial weights from all
shoulders?" Look at the appalling figures of our
public debt, measuring well nigh four thousand
million dollais, money more than enough to have
bought and paid for every slave within the Uni-
ted States before the war began, and yet the arith-
metic mountain of public debt grows without
ceasing.
" Hills peep o'er hills, and Alps on Alps arise."
Ask ihe impoverished and desponding tax-
payers,41 Are your burdens light?" Andask, too,
the contractors and manufacturers, the national
bankers and fund mongers who are clothed in
purple and fine linen, and whose eyes stand out
with fatness from the wealth wrung from the
hard hands of the people to feed the voracious
appc ute of war. Have we saved and protected
the rights and liberties of our free-born white
men? Ask martial law. Let the response come
from the white slave of the conscription law
driven into our Army, branded and chained like
the galley-slave scourged to his dungeon, or sold
into it as siaye§ are sold in open market. Ques-
tion the wnt of habeas corpus suspended and de-
nied its rights before the Jaw; suspended and denied
to white men, but by this bill extended and madjg
active for the relief of freed negro slaves. Ask
also your political prisons, teeming with the vic-
tims of despotic power, whose cry for right has
but lately found listeners in this Hall. Ask inno-
cent men and women time and again imprisoned
and banished, without cause, without warrant,
and without atonement or redress. Ask-Magna
Charta, which Jias for centuries guarded the
humblest storm-shaken, wind-pierced cot on Eng-
land's soil as sacredly as the palace of her proud-
est baron; ask Magna Charta if in the midst of
the war of abolition free America protects the lib-
erties of white men. Ask also public orators si-
lenced, free presses suspended, peaceable assem-
blages of the people oveiawed or dispeised, courts
of justice and trial by jury suspended by courts
of military commission. Ask truckling, time-
serving judges, who in the very sanctuaries of
the law, in the very temples of public justice, are
the ministers of her dishonor. Ask all these if
the managers of the crusade for negro emancipa-
tion have saved and protected our rights as citi-
zens and freemen before the law.
Have public and private virtue been promoted
by the. war of abolition? Ask this city, the me-
tropolis of the nation, and a type of its morals, its
manners, its civilization; ask the city of Wash-
ington, where licentiousness riots in high places
and crowds the public ways; ask the thousands
of hapless, ill-fated women, brought here by the
exigencies of war to swell the tide of public de-
moralization; ask tke plunderers of the public
Treasury, of every grade, the cormorants and
thieves that feed on the spoils of war.
Has the negro been made free? Let the hun-
dreds of thousands yet dwelling in their house of
bondage answer. Has the freed negro been made
happier and better? Ask the one fourth of the
slaves of the South who, like the moth that courts
the flame that kills it, or the Hindoo devotees
crushed by the idol they adore, have rushed to
the Federal flag and fallen into the wake of the
victorious armies of emancipation, and there,
starving, diseased, helpless, have found liberty
to die! Ask the dead negroes of the war,and the
tens of thousands of their race doomed also in
like ways to perish. Finally, sir, m summing
up the gains and blessingsof this warof abolition
and secession, ask the invaded, impoverished,
blood-dienched, war-scarred,desolated South,and
its maddened, desperate people, to tell us what
they are !
Sir, in answer to all these questions there come
to us, borne on the four winds of heaven, myr-
iads of mournful voices pleading in the name of
the Union, the Constitution, and our common
country—yea, in the name of humanity itself—
for an end of war, and for the spirit, the argu-
ments, and the blessings of peace.
In the policy of this bill, in the policy of your
constitutional amendment, in the policy of your
party, in the policy hitherto adopted by the Presi-
dent, there is no basis nor hope for peace to the
southern people without dishonor; and who, sir,
would not say "Death before dishonor?"
If 1 may presume to counsel this Administra-
tion and Congress, I would say, make no con-
dition of peace but Union, on the basis of the
Federal Constitution, as the fathers of the Re-
public made it, and as it was interpreted for sev-
enty-one years of matchless national honor and
prosperity. Cease to press emancipation, either
by executive edicts, congressional legislation, or
the coercive power of constitutional amendment.
Emancipation will come; hut, mindful of the wise
words of your own President that "gradual not
sudden emancipation is better for all," trust the
people of all the States concerned with the ques-
tion of emancipation, and, with the experience
of the past, they, after peace is restored, will
#deal with it and its consequences upon the social
and political condition of the negro better than
we cart now. Repeal your confiscation laws
and your acts and efforts to seize and parcel out
southern lands. Restore rights and franchises
vindictively seized. Stop all your arbitrary and
vindictive proceedings, and grant an amnesty to
all political offenders, making no test of loy-
alty but fidelity to the Constitution. Show
your readiness to restore constitutional State
rigjtfs ,and the disturbed balance of the Federal
systjej#. Do all thjsjje things, and you will shake
the southern confederacy from its center to its
corner-stone; you will bring a power to bear
against it more potent than armies and navies;
you will save lives, wealth, and constitutional lib-
erty; you will make a permanent peace, resting
upon its surest base, a Union restored and a Con-
stitution honored in the hearts of all the people.
U is to my mind no answer to such counsel as
this to refer to the late abortive effort at negotia-
tion for peace. When all the facts are known we
can better judge of the true design and character
of that effort. So far as they are known by the
official reports from either side, I cannot commend
the action of the President of the United States,
however much I condemn the course of Jefferson
Davis. It is evident that the desire for peace
and union was in the hearts of the -confederate
envoys, and a grand opportunity was offered and
lost to Mr. Lincoln to nave opened the door for
reunion, by simply indicating that his radical
policy of negro emancipation and elevation by
Federal action should not stand in the way of
peace.
For one, sir, I never expect the present rulers
of the two warring sections to make peace, ex-
cept at the end of a war of exhaustion. Both
Lincoln and Davis are the unyielding advocates
of the extreme sectional dogmas that have divided
the Union. If the people want peace they will
have it through their own spontaneous demand
for it, and not because the men in whom they"
have placed the powers of Government will lead
the way to peace. Their efforts have been to pull
the sections asunder, not to unite them. When
both these men shall indicate a willingness to
treat for peace on the basis of the constitutional
Union, I will believe they want peace, and not
before. When Mr. Lincoln talks of peace on the
basis of union, he means not the Union as the
Constitution made it, but the Union as he would
have it; that is, a Union wherein his-usurping
and arbitrary edict of emancipation shall be made
a part of Us organic law; and so long as his union
and not the constitutional Union is made the
ultimatum to the southern people, they will con-
tend for independence and separation, and there
will be no peace short of their subjugation or ex-
termination. If the rebellion has the advantage of
"a changed issue," let him be held responsible
who, in the face of violated pledges, has made
that issue with it.
Sir, if Mr. Lincoln were truly wise and pa-
triotic, he would give no heed to the extreme de-
mands of southern leaders for peace on the basis
of separation and the recognition of the southern
confederacy. They are usurpers, not rightful
rulers; they are not the southern people. But,
abandoning all the collateral issues he has him-
self unwisely raised, and which have made the
southern people adesperateunit against the Union,
he would return to the only true issue upon which
we had a right to appeal to arms, as indicated in
the resolution of Congress m July, 1861, and on
that issue, and that only, appeal from the leaders
of the South to the southern people themselves.
That there was, and still may be, a basis for such
an appeal, is proved by the testimony of Mr.
Lincoln himself.
In his message of July 4, 1861, he said:
" It may well be questioned whether there is to-day a
majority of the legally qualified voteis ot' Any State, except,
perhaps. South Carolina, m favor of disunion. There 19
much reason to believe that the Union men are ihe ina-
jorit) in many, if not in every othei one of the s-o-ealled
seceded States. Tile contrary lias not been demonstrated
hi any one of them. It is ventured to athun this even of
Vngmia and Tennessee."
What, sir, has changed this Union majority
into the desperate disunion men who for neatly
four years past hnve time and again defied our
power and defeated our armies? I answer, in
the language of the leading public press of the
South, the Richmond Enquirer, which speaking
for the southern people, and contrasting the dem-
ocratic Union policy of McCiellan with the aboli-
tion policy of Lincoln, says:
His (McOlellan's) policy was the olive-bianeh in one
hand and the swoid in the other, to conquer by povv< rand
conciliate by kindness. It was dangeiou-; policy for us;
for i! the ameliorating hand of Fedeiul kindne-s had soft-
ened the ri 0!.s ot war, out people would not have been sub-
jected to those tt-jiible fjiobof MiftViing by which All. Lin-
coln has haidt'neil every hemt and steeled evt ry sentiment
against our merciless foes." *****
" We hailed the proclamations ofetuancipation and coa-
