774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
the State but what has, without examining the
question critically, demanded a repeal of all duty
on paper. Since this subject has been called up,
in opening one of my letters, I find this extract
inclosed to me by a friend:
" Senator Sherman does not deserve the thanks of the
people of Ohio for his motion in the Senate the other day
to amend the House resolution reducing the duty on pa-
per, by striking out three and inserting fifteen. We hope
theSenatewHInot sanction any such measure, even though
backediip by the Finance Committee.'7
I have no doubt that this is a friendly criticism;
and I have not the slightest doubt that the editor
of that paper, whom 1 know personally, if he was
here this day, and called upon to vote, as I am,
would vote against the proposition to reduce the
duty to three per cent.
In the first place, this extract misrepresents
my position. 1 have never been in-favor of a
duty of fifteen per cent., because I think that is
higher than is necessary. As the organ of the
Committee on Finance, I reported it as an amend-
ment. My position from the beginning has been
that a duty of ten per ccnt. was ample for all the
purposes of creating a healthy competition be-
tween the manufacturers abroad and the manufac-
turers at home. The article itself does not need
eny protection. I have no doubt the writer of
this paper thought that a duty of three per cent,
on the imported article would be ample protec-
tion and would yield us as much revenue, when
it can be demonstrated by the plainest figures that
it would be a surrender of at least $5,000,000 of
revenue and a discrimination against our own
industry; that it would tend to destroy all the
manufactories of paper in this country, and thus
eventually lead to an increase of the price. I do
not believe that either the Legislative Assembly
or the newspaper editors of Ohio would favor
such a result.
It is now manifest, Mr. President, that Con-
gress must hereafter act upon new principles in
fiaming revenue laws. No longer will we have
controversies about protecting domestic industry.
Our debt and the necessities of taxation will be
ample protection. During war the inflation of
paper money and the withdrawal into the Army
of a vast number of operatives will leave ample
and profitable employment for all others. We
now need labor, and it wants no protection. It
can protect itself. Everywhere it is profitably
employed. But we wantmoney. Our laws here-
after will be revenue laws. The only principle
upon which they will be hereafter based will be
to produce the largest revenue from sources least
burdensome to the people. All interests must
pay their fair share. 1 do not agree with my col-
league that protection is now necessary, for the
taxation indispensably necessary is protection
enough. Wemay hereafter with many commodi-
ties wish to invite foreign competition, as we do
now with printing paper. Whenever (lie tend-
ency in any manufacture is to monopoly or an
unreasonable advance of prices, it may be politic
to induce some competition; butthisshould never
be done by discriminating against home producers,
and never by levying a higher tax on our manu-
facture than we do on the foreign one.
The principle to be adopted now, while we are
so much in debt, is to levy that rate of duty which
will yield the largest revenue. The groat want
of the Government now is revenue. Whether
that revenue comes to us in the form of duty on
imported goods, or whether it is yielded to us in
the form of internal revenue, it equally sustains
the public crcdit. There is no basis of public
credit, there is no mode by which we can sus-
tain the public credit, there is no mode by which
we can pay the national debt, except by heavy
taxes; I do not like any ciass of men to seek to
evade their portion of the duty. Whoever they
may be, they are the common enemies of the
country. Those who during the last year evaded
the income tax all over this country, those who
seek in any way to evade their portion of the
taxes,are the common enemiesof the country.
I therefore am in favor of such a system, not
only of tariff but of our revenue laws, as will
yield the largest sum of money possible that can
be collected from the people. It can be collected
now better than at any other time. It can be col-
lected now in the form of currency, which will
answer our purpose; but if it be delayed two or
three years longer it will have to be paid in gold.
Therefore every proposition which reduces the
revenue, I do not care by whom demanded, I am
opposed to; and every proposition thatis reason-
able in itself, that will increase the revenue, either
in the form of gold or paper money, that 1 am in
favor of. Our people must be prepared, and they
are willing, to meet these large taxes; and no class
of the community can evade them, however pow-
erful they may be. 1 trust, therefore, sir, that the
Senate will not postpone this bill, but will let us
have a fair vote on the different propositions. I
am informed by the honorable Senator from In-
diana [Mr. Lane] that he desires to submit to the
Senate a proposition to make the duty ten per
cent. I was instructed by the Committee on Fi-
nance to submit an amendment making it fifteen
per cent. I trust that we may have a vote and
decide these questions, so that we shall close the
matter to-night.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, that the bill be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. COLLAMER. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were prdered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I shall vote against the mo-
tion to postpone indefinitely, because I think it
is much more advisable to take a vote upon each
one of these propositions. 1 am in favor of re-
taining the duty of twenty per cent, just as it is,
but, as I have stated, I shall vote against the in-
definite postponement of this bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS — Me^rs. Colinmer, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittte,
Foot, Fo-ilei, Hum-, Morrillj Nye, ispraguc, Ten
£>ck, Van Winkle,and Wade—14.
NAYri—IMes'i )"!■ . Brown, BneUnlew, Clark, Conn ess,
Dave*, Fanvi-ll, Grimes, Henderson, Uendneks, Howard,
Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas Nes-
uiitli, Pomeioy, l'owell, U.miM'y, UichanNon, Kiddle,
Shrinmn, Hnmner, Tmmlmll, Willry, <utd WiKou—2o.
AIISL2NTT—Mess Is A nil tony, Carlile, Chandler, Hardin*,
llaiian, MoDoug.ill, Morgan, Sauhbury, Stewart, Wilkin-
son, and Wright—11.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. LAN E, of Indiana. I move to amend the
amendment of the committee by striking out the
word 44 fifteen" in the fifth line, and inserting the
word 44 ten," so as to make the duty ten per cent.
Mr. SPRAGCJE. Should this amendment pre-
vail, the whole cotton interest of this country will
have reason for complaint. The causes that have
operated to enhance the price of paper are the le-
gitimate conscquences of this war. Previous to
the war, the cotton interest of this country con-
sumed perhaps nine hundred thousand bales per
annum*. The paper interest, consuming the ref-
use of this cotton, used nearly twenty per cent,
of that amount. To-day the cotton manufac-
turing of the country is reduced to twenty-five
per cent, of its former value. This interest pays
large sums into the Treasury; five per cent, of
the gross amount of its product directly, and in-
directly double this amount. My belief is that
this interest has not accumulated adollarof profit
in the aggregate since the commencement of this
war. Its only accumulation has been derived
from the enhanced value of stock on hand. News-
paper interests may present as favorable a condi-
tion in this respect. The value of paper has been
enhanced by the withdrawal from consumption of
the cotton-waste of these manufactures. By this
amendment, you virtually deprive this cotton in-
terest of what remains of this source of their rev-
enue, and thusadvance the price of all commodi-
ties produced fromcotton. It will be seen thatif
foreign manufacturesare employed in the produc-
tion of this paper—and such will be the legitimate
result of the proposed amendment—this twenty
per cent, of cotton, now sold to our paper man-
ufacturers, will have no market, and cotton man-
ufacturers must compensate themselves for this
loss of revenue by increasing the price of other
products.
I desire to call the attention of the Senate to one
other phase of this question. This matter, upon
its introduction, was first referred to the proper
committee of the House of Representatives; but
before they had opportunity to listen to the re-
monstrances of the manufacturers, or to consider
the facts bearing upon this question, the subject
was hurried before the House, and, without dis-
cussion, presented to the Senate. Whatever may
be the result of the vote upon this question, I
shall rejoice that the subject has received proper
consideration from this body; for, sir, in the op-
erations of any interest, in the prosecution of any
business, let the fear once become instilled that
legislation unnecessarily interrupts tho ordinary
prosecution of business, and it will destroy con-
fidence in trade. When the people begin to un-
derstand that they cannot depend upon the sta-
bility and justice of legislation, there is then no
confidence, and no reward for labor. It has
seemed to me that the cause for this legislation is
synonymous with that of the king in the parable,
who, not because he feared God or regarded man,
listened to his petitioners. 44 Yet because this wo-
man troubleth me I will avenge her, lest by her
continual coming she weary me," said he. There
is no interest in this country that has not as good
claim to a hearing befoie the Senate as the news-
paper or printing intei est, which so strongly urges
the adoption of this measure. Itwas because they
were troubled and wearied by the newspaper press
throughout the country that this measure received
the assent of the other House, and it is now pro-
posed to give to it the sanction of the Senate.
The interest of the paper manufacturer, the la-
borer, and the Treasury, cannot be heard. They
cannot say to their legislators, 44 Unless you de-
fend and protect our interest we shall deny our
aid when you feel the necessity for our favor."
Sir, this measure affects every interest in the
country. The income to the Treasury is affected
unfavorably by its adoption,as is the income de-
rived from the prosecution of this business by the
capitalist and employes. The men engaged in
this manufacture pay heavy taxes to the Govern-
ment; the operatives pay taxes upon everything
necessary to their subsistence; and the farmer is
furnished with a market for his produce propor-
tionate to the number engaged in the development
and prosecution of this interest. Now, it is pro-
posed to introduce into this country, in competi-
tion with this interest, a foreign commodity, free
from all Government taxes, and from all the bur-
dens incident to this great war. Sir, this is no
time for legislation unfavorable to the interests of
the laborer, the interests that sustain the Govern-
ment and support the war.
i do not believe that the newspaper interest of
this country will derive the smallest advantage
from the adoption of this measure to reduce the
tariff. I have given my opinion as to one of the
causes of the increased price of paper—the en-
hanced value of cotton-waste, increased by the
small quantity necessarily produced. The cost
of every other material that enters into its pro-
duction, from the increased demand and Govern-
ment imposts, has also advanced. When this
clamor lespecting the duty on paper was first
raised cotton was at $1 90 per pound. Now it is
eighty cents, and the price of paper proportion-
ately affected. It is not legislation thatis needed
to decrease the price of paper.
But, sir, the honorable Senator from Ohio has
suggested the dangers arising from a monopoly.
There is no doubt that at times there are tempo-
rary evils to be feared from monopoly; but the
energy, the ingenuity, the enterprise, and the pub-
lic spirit of the American people will never tol-
erate, for any length of time, such a system. It
may not be known to Senators, but it is a fact,
that previous to this war the products of manu-
factures that had had time to perfect themselves in
this country could be produced here and were
furnished to the people of this country nearly as
cheap as were similar articles to the people of
England and France, where their manufacture
had been brought to the highest state of perfec-
tion. At that time our rate of duty was 'wenty-
four per cent. So, in this case, we shall achieve
the same result in the manufacture of paper, ifwe
do not discourage and destroy our own manufac-
tures by introducing as competitors with their
products foreign products that are exempt from
the duties and taxation imposed upon our own.
I have before asserted that I did not think the
newspaper interest would derive the least advan-
tage from the proposed legislation; but this blow,
aimed at the paper interest, strikes at the founda-
tion of our strength. It strikes at our resources,
and at the labormgand producing interests of the
country. It is for these reasons I complain of it
and resist it.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Mr. President, there
are three theories on the subject of impost duties
advocated by their respective believers. One is
the system of free track, which is wholly inap-
