1865.]
MTEM)JX:T?€) TH1 CONGIESSIONAI/ ifiim
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Qormt<erce among the States—Mr. Wye.
fefAm
pie of her sister States if this unnatural Now Jer-
sey corporation had never existed. And who is
it that asks that the life of the plethoric monster
be spared? The monopolists themselves, who
boast to their foreign bondholders that they owii
the best-paying stocking in the world. So they
do. Why should not their dividends be greater
than that paid by any other corporation ? They
lay the entire Union under tribute to themselves!
Does the State of New Jersey complain of our
intervention? If lam answered in the affirma-
tive I convict her out of her own mouth as parti-
ceps criminis in the monopolists' wrong. If I am
answered in the negative, then I am supplied with
an overwhelming reason why Congress should
interfere. I do not think the State of New Jersey
makes a handsome figure in this affair. She bar-
gains with a privileged class of her own citizens,
against herself and her sister States, and for so
much pecuniary advantage agrees with the mo-
nopolists that tney may do all in their power to
enrich themselves by obstructing and hindering
and delaying free communication and the transit
of commerce across her borders. "For a thou-
sand shares of your capital stock New Jersey will
agree not to interfere with your plans." The
thousand shares are paid, and New Jersey does
not interfere. The original consideration has
grown, I am informed, to twenty-five hundred
shares—if I am wrong, the Senator from New
Jersey will correct me—and upon these shares
the State of New Jersey receives an annual divi-
dend. Last year the monopoly declared a cash
dividend of ten per cent, and a stock dividend of
twenty-five per cent.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, I under-
stand the Senator from Nevada, according to the
course of his argument, to be in his own estima-
tion entirely qualified by information ^o make
the statements he does upon this floor. I believe,
however, the original amount of shares held by
New Jersey was a thousand, and that ithasbeen
increased to an additional amount.
Mr. NYE. I understand to twenty-five hun-
dred.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I am not prepared to say
that it is exactly that amount. But it is not my
practice while a Senator is discussing a question
in which I have any interest to interrupt him,
either by way of correction or suggestion or
question.
Mr. NYE. I understand from the best infor-
mation I can obtain that the number of shares
now owned by the State of New Jersey is twenty-
five hundred; but for the purposes of this argu-
ment I do not care whether the original number
has been increased or not.
Mr. President, in the discussion of this ques-
tion it is not necessary to debate the power of a
State to create a monopoly of this character in
favor of a privileged class among her own citi-
zens. The ground I take is that if the monopoly
relates to matters partly local and partly national,
or wholly national, the State cannot confer a priv-
ilege exclusive in its character. Article four,sec-
tion two of the Constitution declares that "the
citizens of each State shall be entitled to all the
privileges and immunities of citizens in the several
States." Now, if New Jersey may lawfully tax
a citizen of any other State for the privilege or
immunity of crossing through her territory, over
her borders, more than she taxes her own citizens
for the like privilege or immunity, what value
is there left in the provision of the Constitution
which J have just cited? I suggest, therefore, to
Senators that in the consideration of this ques-
tion it is proper to keep in mind the distinction I
take between matters of a purely local character
and those which concern the people of all the
States alike. These monopolists and the State of
New Jersey evidently understand this distinc-
tion. Neither makes any secret of the fact that
tli is privilege is designed to benefit Jerseymen at
the expense of all other Americans. In an address
" to the people of New Jersey," issued in 1846
by the monopolists, 1 find this language:
" She [meaning New Jersey] has a most enviable geo-
graphical position in the Onion, which it is her dutij to im-
prove for tin! benefit of her citizens. She has done so in
the manner deemed most advisable and profitable, and has
reason to be proud ot the wisdom winch dictated her pol-
icy."
Sir, the State of New Jersey, as well as these
corporators, knew that internal traffic would not
sustain either of the two works which together
form this monopoly, and both State and corpo-
ration relied upon taxing improperly the citizens
of other States as the surest and the otily sure
means of getting revenue from, these internal im-
provements. I do not claim this as an original
suggestion. I find it in a letter addressed, in I860,
by the board of directors of these joint companies
to their, loan-holders, from which letter I read, as
follows:
" Efforts have Indeed, within the past thirty years, been
sometimes made to induce the Legislature of Now Jersey
to grant charters for rival railroads, but invariably without
success. Wtiat. could not be done innhe iufancy of the
companies, when the revenue of the State derived from
them'was smalf, need excite no apprehension now, when
the whole expense of the State government is provided for
from the income furnished by the business of our railroads
and canals.'"
Sir, who furnishes this princely income to New
Jersey? Do the people of that State? Does the
revenue of which these monopolists boast come
from the citizens of that State, or is it derived
from the tax laid upon every State in the Union
by these monopolists under sanction of the laws
of New Jersey? The honorable Senator tries
to break the damaging force of these facts by
asserting that if a citizen of his State residing, for
example, in Jersey City, and designing to go
to Camden, should cross over to New York and
there buy his ticket, he would, notwithstanding
his citizenship, have to pay as much for his trans-
portation as a New Yorker would to be carried
from New York to Philadelphia. This idea of
going due east in order to arrive at a point due
west is original with the honorable Senator. None
of his constituents, I undertake to say, will soon
act upon it. No, sir; the truth of this whole
matter is precisely as stated in this letter of 1860.
Even in the infancy of the monopoly the State of
New Jersey was weaker than it, and so fond of
it that it would not yield an inch to the entrea-
ties of her citizens for greater facilities of com-
munication and transit. Now, that the " whole
expenses of the State government" are furnished
by this huge monopoly, it snaps its fingers in the
face of the nation, and says, " The Legislature
of our State can neither be coaxed nor frightened
into granting a charter to any rival corporation."
In this connection let me remind theSenatorfrom
New Jersey of his statement that the Camden and
Amboy monopoly have but four years to live!
Sir, except by the intervention of Congress it will
never die. It is but in the infancy of existence.
Mr. President, I have no war to wage against
New Jersey or against her corporations. 1 rejoice
in the prosperity of that State and in the prosperity
of her people, but I have a war to wage against New
Jersey or any State when it attempts to trammel
the commerce of the nation. As the case stands,
New Jersey is to-day levying a direct tax upon
every bushel of grain, upon every ton of mer-
chandise carried across her territory from her sis-
ter States, and upon every traveler that crosses
her borders. She is doing more and worse. She
is taxing the affections and natural instincts of
our people, and even laying these under contri-
bution to her; and I will not sit silently by with-
out publicly dissenting. Sir, it is time the evil
was stopped and the appropriate remedy adjusted.
This will surely be effected by the passage of the
bill now under discussion.
What does the bill propose? Are its provisions
to have application in New Jersey alone ? Do
they not apply to all the States indiscriminately
and without the invidious mention of any? The
objectofthe bill is to authorize railroads and canals
throughout the country to -carry freight and pas-
sengers, without let or hinderance. Is not this a
desirable result? Is it not a necessary measure?
Why, sir, it is within the knowledge of us all
that since this rebellion broke out, the means of
transporting troops and munitions of war to this
capital have been notoriously insufficient for the
exigence. The Camden and Amboy could not
begin to do the work, and when the Secretary of
War uses the Raiitan and Delaware Bay railroad
for the purposes of national life and government,
up starts this arrogant monopoly and tells the
Government that no soldiers or implements of
war can bo brought across New Jersey to Wash-
ington, unless carried by the Camden and Amboy
railroad! Was ever such assumption ? Arwl'yet
the Senator from New Jerseyr and the Senate?
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale§ We pleading
in favor of such a corporation; a corporation that
has sued.the RarttaW an<l Delaware Bay road be-
cause it obeyed the orders of the General Govern-
ment, and whose greatest crime, according to the
Senator from NeW Hampshire, [Mr. Sale,] isj
that it is bankrupt. Have the poor ho claims
upon his sympathies? Shall the indigent mother
of a soldier-boy who lies bleeding and dying in
our hospitals at Washington, having offerea Op
his young life as a sacrifice upon the altar of his
country's safety, be obliged to pay the Camdert
and Amboy railroad three dollars for taking-hef
across New Jersey, on her way to wipe the de"W
of death from the face of her child, when the
Raritan and Delaware Bay road will carry her
for two dollars ? 1 mightadd illustration to illus-
tration, going through the wide field of liumart
sympathy and human suffering, but it cannot be
necessary, and would only tend to disturb otlf
better natures. I insist upon it that the time has
arrived when it is proper for Congress to correct
the evil and apply the reniedy. Our commerce
must not be restricted by State legislation. It is
the vital fluid of national existence, and ks circu-
lating avenues must be as unimpeded as the flow
of river to the ocean. The natural and the artifi*
cial channels of trade must be blended into one
harmonious system and be under the control of
one directing power. The manner of their use ill
their relation to commerce cannot safely be left
to the determination of the various States.
A sagacious and far-sighted American states-
man of the early times fully apprehended the
evils which would flow from power inaStatetd
impose burdens upon the commerce* of other
States passing over her territory to its destination,
and it was to avoid the ill consequences he fore-
shadowed that the sole power to regulate com-
merce was invested by the Constitution in the
national Congress.
Mr. Hamilton, in the Federalist, No. 22,Bays:
" The interfering and unneighborly regulations of some
States, contrary to the true spirit of the Union, have in
different instances given just cause of umbrage and com-
plaint to oihers; and it is io be feared that examples of .tills
nature, if not restrained by a national control, would be
multiplied and extended till tliey became not less serious
causes of animosity and discord than injurious impedi-
ments to tlje intercourse between the different parts of the
confederacy. Tfie commerce of the German empire is iu
continual trammels from the multiplicity of duties which
the several princes and States exact upon the merchandise
passing through their territories, by means of which the
fine streams and navigable rivers with which Germany is
so happily watered are rendered almost useless. Though
the genius of the people of this country might never permit
this description to be strictly applicable to us, yet we may
reasonably expect, from the gradual conflicts of State reg-
ulations, that the citizens of each would at length come to
be considered and treated by the others in no better light
than that of foreigners and aliens."
Let me say in addition that I know of no way
in which this question can be finally disposed of
if you refuse to pass the bill under consideration.
Pass it, and the constitutional question involved
in it will go for decision where it belongs, and,
as in the case of Gibbons vs. Ogden, it will chal-
lenge the exercise of the first legal talent. The
names and efforts of Webster ant! Wirt and Oak-
ley and Emmet have made that case illustrious,
and I shall expect to see a name not less illustri-
ous than theirs reported in connection with the
argument of this question in the Supreme Court.
I confidently cherish the expectation of hearing
the honorable Senator from Maryland [Mr. J oim-
son] arguing his side of the question before that
august tribunal,and bringing to its exposition all
his varied research and all the resources of his
fruitful erudition Pass the bill, and the question
can be gotten to the courts. Refuse to pass it,
and the rivals of this corporation and the people
at large are remediless in the premises. Pass it,
and theSupreme Court,which hasthe confidence "
and respect of the entire Republic, will be able to
settle the rights of all concerned.
Mr. President, there is more in this question
than would seem upon first blush. There is in-
volved in it what is called State sovereignty, and '
very much of our future happiness and peace de-
pends upon a proper understanding of the import
of these word's "State sovereignty." The de-
cision of the Supreme Court in this case will
clearly draw the dividing line between the rights
