1865.] ■
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL SliOBH.
38th Cong.... 2d Sess.
Board of Admiralty—Peace Negotiations—Mr. Wood.
Ho . of Bspg.
commencement of this war. The whole amount
collected from the internal revenue taxation for
the year ending the 30th of June last was about
$109,000,000. Assuming that the present collec-
tions are not much in excess of what they then
were, it is proposed to take the whole amount of
these collections, the results of thisyenprmous bur-
den upon the people of the country, and expend
it upon one DVnai'tmentof the"Government. Well,
sir, 1 shall be\nswered tirat the cause of this ex-
penditure or pAposed^xpenditure arises from the
war. Now, siAisrfus war to go on to justify
this expenditureVf the public money, and the
imposition of these burdens uppn the labor and
industry of the country? I regret, sir, that the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
is not in his seat, that 1 might be enabled to ask
him some questions with reference to the details
of this bill, and with regard to the necessity for
the imposition of this heavy tax required to meet
the appropriations proposed in this bill. I can
only say, Mr. Chairman, that I had hoped, and
I yet hope, that this war will cease, that the ne-
gotiations of which we have recently heard so
much will be productive of fruit, and that thean-
tagonistic sections and States shall once more be
brought together in communion and fraternal
concord. If it be true, sir, that the President of
the United States and the Secretary of State have
gone personally to meet embassadors or repre-
sentatives or commissioners, as you may please
to call them, from Richmond, I think that, instead
of this proceeding being obnoxious to the censure
■which I have heard bestowed upon it, they but
follow the precedent of Washington and Hamil-
ton, who, in a similar emergency, went (the one
President and the other Secretary of the Treas-
ury) to treat with rebels who were engaged in the
whisky insurrection, in Pennsylvania, in 1796.
Jf, therefore, it be true that the President of the
United States has made an honest effort to stop
this shedding of blood, this exhaustion of the
energies of our great country; if it be true that,
realizing his responsibility to his country and his
God, he has thus risen superior to partisanship
and the unfortunate influences which have sur-
rounded him, 1 say, all thanks to him, and God
speed him in the work of mercy and justice and
right!
1 know that rumor says that these negotiations,
if negotiations there were, have failed. 1 think
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] indicated in his remarks this morning that
theie had been such failure. Sir, if this is the
fact, it is to be regretted; but if they have failed
in consequence of an indisposition upon the part
of the rebel authorities to return to the Union; if
they have failed because those States and those
so-called authorities refuse to reunite upon the
basis of a common Union under a common Con-
stitution, demanding recognition and separation,
then I say that, so far as I represent the peace sen-
timent of the North, we will not and cannot sus-
tain them in that position.
Sir, 1 have been opposed to this war because 1
am opposed to its effects and fear its results. I
was opposed to it and to its continuance till every
conciliatory mode had been exhausted and proved
a failure. It has been one of the sources of my
complaint against this Administration; it has been
one of the gravestcharges which, in my judgment,
can be properly made against it, that instead of
having proposed negotiations it has prevented any
propositions of peace being made to it by deny-
ing admittance to this capital of any agent or em-
issary of the rebel government. Therefore, until
1 am satisfied that this Administration earnestly
desires peace, that it has exhausted everything
which in honor it could do to procure peace con-
sistent with the Union and the maintenance of the
laws and the Constitution of our country—until
that time comes, sir, I must retain my position
in favor of peace and in favor of negotiation as
against continued hostility.
Bu t i f these peaceful efforts have been made and
exhausted, if the door to conciliation and union
lias been thrown open by the President of the
United States, and if the answer to that has been
recognition or separation, why, sir,, so far as my
feeble influence is concerned, it will be given in aid
of our country to maintain in every constitutional
way the national integrity. Since the expiration
of the.first year of this war I have thought that
the southern States repented of the hasty and
violent course they had adopted in the attempt
at secession. , I knew that the leading men of
that section had not anticipated any very serious
opposition to their withdrawal from the Union—
certainly could not have supposed that the North
would, or could make the combined and Hercu-
lean efforts in opposition, which it soon became
apparent it would and could do.
Equally resolute and determined on their side,
having thrown down their gauntlet of defiance,
they have continued the struggle with a valor and
self-sacrifice which find no parallel in history.
And in passing, permit me to say that whatever
may become of this war, however it may end, the
history of these times, yet to be written, will
devote its brightest and most eloquent pages to a
recital of the heroic deeds and the self-sacrificing
endurance of the people who now contend agau„sc
the continuance of the American Union. But,
sir, however highand ennobling their convictions
of duty, and however great their enthusiasm, I
have not and cannot sympathize with the object,
if it be eternal dissolution. Well, sir, the strug-
gle has gone on. Instead of closing, as some
supposed it would, in a few weeks, months and
years have passed and it yet continues. The din
of arms, the groans of the wounded and dying,
the murmurs of the oppressed tax-payers, the
threats of foreign intervention, the diversion of
labor from its wonted channel, the imminent dan-
ger of ruin to our ancient institutions, and all the
evils incident to internal war among a people
whose Government was made exclusively for in-
ternal peace, has indeed caused the truly patriotic
in both sections to pause and weep. 1 know
what I say to be true. The disinterested lovers
of their country at both extremes have deeply
lamented this fratricidal conflict. Among such
men a settlement by negotiation has appeared
to be the only hope. It was thought that the
opposing extremists could be thus brought to-
gether; that however violent, if the leading men
m arms had an opportunity to commune freely
with their old political and personal associates,
and all the States an opportunity to resume their
position, within the Union with their rights se-
cured, that they would do so.
Believing this, and to this end, I have opposed
hostilities and advocated negotiations. Under
this conviction I have strove fora conference. I
have in season and out of season urged an armis-
tice, at least long enough to bring the authorized
agents of the contending parties in consultation.
I did not doubt a favorable result. I felt sure of
the end, supposing that the people of the South
would see that their noblest glory and their
highestinterest lie in obliterating the dreadful hos-
tilities which had been engendered and in unit-
ing with us, in a common effort to maintain the
integrity of the American soil, the honor of the
American flag, and the nationality of the Ameri-
can Union against foreign aggression, and in op-
position to the existence of imperialism on the
American continent. This, sir, has been my
hope by day and my dream by night. I wanted
my countrymen once more united—united in con-
cord to sustain union among themselves, and
united as against despotism elsewhere. I thought
if this could be accomplished the dreadful ordeal
through which we have passed would be accepted
as but the painful process by which the Almighty
prepared us for the great mission of universal
freedom and liberalism. Four years of war have
not only developed our martial prowess and
tested our martial strength, but have produced
and made efficient a million fighting men, now
in arms, the like of which the world has never
seen. Thus the conquering armies of the North
and South, under the lead of a Sherman, or a
Grant, or a Lee, would present a military com-
bination which could strike terror to the inva-
ders of republican soil, whether in Northern or
Southern America. As monarchies have at-
tempted to dictate the form of government here,
so could we thus together, following their ex-
ample, direct that absolutism should cease every-
where. If republicanism can be subverted in
Mexico, so can kingcraft in Ireland, in Italy,
and in Hungary. Then indeed would come the
struggle between universal freedom and universal
bondage; whether Christendom shall be ;o§l
slave or all free." Upon that issue, the Ameri-
can arms would enter; upon that glorious enter-
prise the united American States woiild combine
under, the guidance of our holy • Master who
recognized but one Lord and but one King.
Well, Mr. Speaker, at last circumstanc.espr,o-
duced or broughtaboutaconditionof thing? which
appeared to warrant the President- in entering
upon a conference. I am not advised, nor is it
important what these circumstances were. It is
sufficient to say that a meeting was held, ahd that
this meeting was composed of the very highest ex-
ecutive authority on our side, and almost equally
high in authority on the other. Certainly so far
as the personnel of this conference was concerned
it was composed of the best material. Dispens-
ing with intermediaries it may be said with truth
that the high controlling parties were happily
brought in direct personal relations. A consulta-
tion thus held could not but be productive of,re-
sults, if results were possible. Each side was
qualified to speak understandingly and by au-
thority, and did so, doubtless. The result is said
to be before us. My position is predicated on
this assumption. It is soon told; the mournful
fact is divulged in the few short words which tells
of total failure—recognition demanded'! and de-
clined 1 1 care not, Mr. Speaker, to know de-
tails. Nations do not approach the consideration
of details until after the settlement of the general
or more vital questions at issue. In this case I
assume that the simple question on our side was,
Will you resume youi* position within the Federal
Union? The answer could be but yes or no. No
power could deny the equal right of the southern
States and people to all their rights within the
Union if they declared the willingness" to come
in. When their opposition ceases ours as a ne-
cessity ceases also. If it be said that their assent
to come in is dependent on certain conditions as
to indemnity, &c., &c., the obvious answer is that
all tl e questions which will necessarily arise of
this kind, not only with reference to the southern
but as well to the northern people and States,
must be deferred until peace shall be restored and
the Government is relieved from the immediate
burden of the war. If in the Union the southern
States will themselves be parties to the arrange-
ment of the details, and have the right to partici-
pate in any legislation or other action taken; and
no power will exist to prevent it. -
But, sir, it is declared, and doubtless true, that
the demand was for a recognition of their exist-
ence as a separate nation or confederacy of States,
and the propositions submitted on their side did
not in any event comprehend reunion. Now, sir,
if this is the true stale of the case, and I appre-
hend^ will so be ascertained, the result which I
halre so aidently contended and hoped for and
expected has not been obtained., I have been de-
ceived 'm the disposition of the enemy. Whije
a large portion of that people yearn for peace and
a restoration of amicable relations with the North,
as evinced even by the army as the commissioners
passed through theirranks to the front, the men in
authority at Richmond persist in impossible con-
ditions of settlement. They have not'responded
in the true spirit of patriotism, and have not yet
seen the folly of their undertaking. When Icon-
tended for peace and opposed the war, it was not
to accomplish the downfall of the American
Unien. It was not to meet the demands of south-
ern extremists who ask for separation. It was
not because I favored the success of the southern
arms in overthrowing the unity of the Federal
power. I asked for negotiations as in my judg-
ment the better way to accomplish the objects in
view of restoration. I was opposed to the con-
tinuance of hostilities until conciliation had been
tried and had failed. I did notsee how destructive
warfare could conciliate those in arms against us.
I do not see it yet; but I do see that the northern
people and Government will not and cannot yield
up the Union and the soil which properly belong
to it.
The South persists in a demand for separation.
The properly constituted Government of the
whole Union, about whose authority there is no
dispute, refuse to and cannot submit to this pre-
tension. Whether right or wrong this is a preg-
nant fact} and we who pray for peace, who
