1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nrb
of the committee to reserve an amendment in that
particular if, on further examination, it shall ap-
pear necessary.
No objection wag made.
Mr.NELSON. On page 19,1 move to amend
by inserting,after the word " conclusive," in line
four hundred and forty-six, the following:
By inserting after the words "on molasses produced from
the sugar-cane" the worda " and on n'mple molassesand
by insei ting after the words u when removed froin the plan-
tation*' the words " on maple sirup;" and by inserting
after the words" other than those produced by tiie refiner"
the words " and on maple sugar;" and by sinking out the
words t{ produced directly from the sugar-cane, and not,"
in the paragraph relating to refined sugars, and inserting in
the place thereof the words " and not produced and also
in the s-eeond paragiaph, relating to refined sugars,bystrik-
ing out the vvoids " produced directly from the sugar-cane,
and not," and hi&eniug in the place thereof the words " and
not produced."
I offer this amendment for the purpose of im-
posing taxation upon an article that seems to have
been entirely forgotten,and that is, maple sugar,
which is produced to the extent of upward of
nine million pounds in the State of Vermont, and
throughout the country, according to the census
of 1860, to the extentof 38,863,568 pounds. That
was the production of maple sugar in the United
States at that time. I think it is the only article
that entirely escapes from taxation under this bill.
I find further by looking at the census of 1860,
that of maple molasses there was produced in the
United States, in 1860, 1,944,299 gallons, upon
which there is no tax whatever.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Where does the gentle-
man propose to insert his amendment?
Mr. NELSON. If the gentleman will look at
page 51 of the internal revenue act, he will see.
Mr. BOUTWELL. In what line of this bill ?
Mr. NELSON. After the word " conclusive"
in line four hundred and forty-six, on page 19.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I suggest to the gentleman
that his amendment, in order to follow the course
of the existing law, should come in on the four
hundred and thirty-second line, after the word
(i ten."
Mr. NELSON. I will move, then,to insert it
at that point. If thegentleman will look at page
51 of the internal revenue bill, under the marginal
note of " molasses,"'he will see that I propose to
impose a duty of five cents a gallon upon maple
molasses. After the words " molasses-produced
from the sugar-cane" I propose to insert" and
maple sugar." And then, in the next paragraph,
I propose to impose a tax of one centand a quar-
ter per gallon on sirups made from maple sugar.
And in the next paragraph, where the marginal
note is " brown sugar," I propose to insert4' ma-
ple sugar," so thatit shall pay a tax of two cents a
pound. I propose also to amend the next para-
graph by stiiking out the words <{ produced di-
rectly from the sugar-cane and not," and insert-
ing in lieu thereof" notproduced," so thatit will
include maple sugar when refined. I looked
through the bill and found that nowhere in it
was tins production of nearly thirty-nine million
pounds required to pay one cent into the Treas-
ury, or this other production of nearly two mil-
lion gallons. While everything else in that line
is taxed, this article produced in some of the
States seems, by an oversight, to have escaped
the attention of the committtee entirely.
Mr. MORRILL. I suppose that the gentleman
from New Yoik has accomplished his purpose
by merely introducing his amendment. He evi-
dently intended to be a little sweet upon me. [A
laugh.]
Now, the State of Vermont is not any more in-
terested in this question than many other States.
The State of New York produces a much larger
quantity of maple sugar than we do in Vermont.
The State of New Hampshire produces nearly
as much, and a 1 title more maple molasses; and
the same thing is true of Ohio, and of other west-
ern and northern States.
There is no desire to relieve New England from
any pioper taxation* 1 think we should regard
the cultivation of sugar in any direction as an
important matter. So far as 1 am concerned, I
never have been in favor of taxing even southern
sugar. It is an article of prime necessity to the
poor man as well as to the rich. The average
consumption of our country is much above thirty
pounds for every man, woman, and child.
1 think that we ought to encourage its production
by all proper means. 1 am told that in California
and some of the western States beet sugar can
be profitably cultivated. But, in the bill as it now
stands, it never was the intention to collect any
tax upon sorghum, orupon maple sugar,or upon
the beet; and none has been levied. 1 presume
it is not the purpose of this committee to change
the policy of Congress in relation to this article.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to make an inquiry
in reference to the produce from sorghum. Do I
understand the gentleman to eay that it is sub-
ject to no tax as a manufacture?
Mr. MORRILL. It is not, in the opinion of
the committee, subject to any tax; but to prevent
all doubt on this point, the bill now before the
House proposes an amendment distinctly to ex-
empt it. 1 understand that the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue has ruled that it is subject to
tax as a manufacture. To exclude, beyond all
peradventure,such a construction, the committee
recommend an amendment to the present lav/.
Mr. KASSON. I move, pro forma, to strike
out the second clause of the amendment.
I am not certain that I understand fully the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Nelson.] If I do it proposes to tax
the molasses made from sorghum or imphee. Am
I correct?
Mr. NELSON. No,sir; my amendmentleaves
the present law stand just as it is in that respect.
Mr. KASSON. I ask the gentleman to state
just what he proposes to tax.
Mr. NELSON. I propose to tax maple sugar
and maple molasses.
Mr. KASSON. Then I leave the debate to
other gentlemen.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, when the
present bill was framed the committee very dis-
tinctly decided that they would not tax the prod-
uct of sorghum, a growing interest which the
committee decided it was essential to have culti-
vated. Just so with regard to maple sugar, the pro-
duction of which costs more labor than even the
production of sugar or molasses from sorghum.
The ptesent law provides as follows:
"On sirup of molasses or sugar-cane juice, when re-
moved from the plantation, concentrated molasses or mc-
Iado,and cistern bottoms, of sugar produced from the sugar-
cane and not made horn sorghum or imphee, a duty of one
centand one fouith of one cent per pound."
We supposed that that language made it very
plain that no duty was to be levied upon the prod-
uct of sorghum. But the learned head of the
Internal Revenue department has dccided that,
under that provision imphee is subject to taxa-
tion, and he has accordingly required tax to be
paid. In the amendments which we now propose
we hope to make ourselves better understood,
and we have declared thatsorghum shall be among
the things exempted. Nobody ever supposed
that maple sugar should'be taxed. I wonder,
however, that has not been reckoned by the Com-
missioner among manufactures. We have in this
bill taken great pains to exempt the product of
sorghum, because it is an important growing in-
terest, which in our view ought to be encouraged
instead of being checked.
I have always been for taxing sugar; my col-
league on the committee has not. I have been for
taxing it while we are, as Jefferson Davis main-
tains, two nations. When we shall havebecome,
by general agreement one nation, perhaps I shall
be for exempting sugar, as we always did before
the war. But so long as the southern rebellion
continues, I am for taxing the sugar made outside
of our lines, whether outside of our nation or not.
But, as a substitute, I am in favorof encouraging
the manufacture of soighum and maple sugar and
molasses.
1 presume that the gentleman from New York
does not know how troublesome it is to make su-
gar from maple. If he would go out on a cold
morning and tap the trees and then carry the sap
by a yoke upon his shoulder, a bucket full Qf sap
at each end uf it, and then if he would set about
boiling this sap, he would come to the conclusion
that maple suarar is sufficiently taxed.
Mr. NELSON. 1 desire to ask the gentleman
a question. I see by the census of I860 that New
Yoik produced upward of ten million pounds of ;
maple sugar. Will the gentleman tell me what
was the price of maple sugar in 1860, and what is
its price in the market to-day? I also desire the
gentleman to state whether maple sugar is not an
article m geneiul use, to be found in the markets,
and bought and sold not bysmall quantities; but
by bulk, and whether the producers have not in-
creased the price in proportion to the increased
price of everything else.
JVJ r. SmVENS. Mr. Chairman, 1 do not know
what it cost in 1860, but I dare say that it has
goo&up with everything else. As to this being
made and brought to market, I think that it is not
so. 1 find that it is considered as a special deli-
cacy, and perhaps the boys in the cars may bring
it about and sell it. I think that the House will
agree with me that it ought not to be taxed.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr: MALLORY. I renew it. Mr. Chairman,
I hope that this article will be passed over by the
House. It seems to me that the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Nelson] is using microscopic
powers to find out what ought to be taxed in this
bill. Of all the articles produced in the United
States I think that this is one which claims ex-
emption from taxation.
I live in a State where a good deal of maple
sugar is produced. It is not produced for sale,
for it is scarcely ever sold at all; and I doubt
whether what is produced in Vermont is for the
purpose of being sold, for consumption out of
the State, at all events. They transfer it from
one to another in that State as they do in Ken-
tucky. It is not raised as an article of sale at all.
The women of our country, the little- boys and
girls, those m ordinary circumstances, from the
1st of February up to the middle of March, pack
as they call it, the sugar water upon their heads
in buckets from the troughs under the trees to
the places where it is evaporated. They do it to
eke out a subsistence m my State. It is done by
persons in Kentucky—and I have no doubt all
over the United States where the maple tree grows
—by persons who are unable to procure or pur-
chase other sugar. It is made for home consump-
tion. It is & little article, and I hope that it will
escape taxation, which seems to be visited upon
almost everything. I hope that the amendment of
the gentleman from New York will not be adopted.
Mr. COX. 1 wish simply to call the attention
of my friend to the fact that by the present law
all articles like maple sugar, made for home con-
sumption and not for sale, are not taxed. There
is a general provision in the tax law which ex-
cludes all such articles.
Mr. MALLORY. My friend mistakes me. t
said that it was made for use in the State, and
it is used there in considerable quantities.
Mr. COX. I suppose that the great bulk of
maple sugar made in Kentucky is for the con-
sumption of those who make it. Only some three
hundred and eighty-one thousand pounds are made
m that State.
Mr. MALLORY. I will say that it is used in
this way: in Kentucky they take it to the store
and exchange it for other articles, such as a little
coffee, tea, tobacco, or whatever they may need.
Therefore, ynder the provisions of the bill, it will
be taxed.
Mr. COX. I do not want that to be taxed.
Mr. MALLORY. The same may be the esse
in the gentleman's State, although u may not be
so m the part where he resides.
Mr. COX. In the State of Ohio we make three
million three hundred and twenty-three thousand
four hundred and ninety-two pounds. We have
five times the population in the State of Ohio that
there is in Vermont; and yet in the State of Ver-
mont there are made some nine million pornds.
Now the price is thirty cents a pound, and it used
to be only eight cents a pound. 1 thmk that the
great bulk of maple sugar made in Vermont is for
the purpose of merchandise, and not to be used
by those who make it. It seems to be a business
in the State of the gentleman from the Committee
of Ways and Means; and it docs look as if the
gentleman from Vermont was vigilant indeed as
to the interests of his own State. I do not blame
him. All I want is that the House may know
what are the interests of the various States, and
what is the paramount interest of the State of Ver-
mont; and if we are to tax articles made in Ohio
in superabundance, such as whisky, why not tax
an at tide of such large manufacture in Vermont?
Mr. MALLORY,"by unanimous consent, with-
diew his amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by insert-
ing after " maple" the words " or sorghum." If
