780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
this amendment pass itis obviously just to include
gll descriptions of sugar.
Mr. Chairman, ifthegentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Cox] had not discussed this amendment we cer-
tainly should have missed on this sjjJjject his
Visual amount of wit.
Now, in relation to this matter—to trej^he
subject seriously—in my opinion it is no more
just to tax maple sugar as a production than it
-would be to tax butter, or cheese, or wool. We
have in all cases endeavored to avoid taxation
upon the products of the farm. It is only upon
manufactures, as such, that we have endeavored
to levy a tax.
Now, in relation to the point made by the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] about large quan-
tities of this article being made, and particularly
in Vermont. For a small State there is a large
amount made; and our people are industrious.
But to say that it is a profitable manufacture, no
one who knows anything about the business will
pretend. Some seasons are good and some bad,
so that profits are always uncertain. It is made
at a season of the year when the farmers in the
North can do nothing else; when the hills are cov-
ered with snow and they cannot engage in culti-
vating the ground as they can do in the more ge-
nial climate of Ohio and Kentucky. With us it
is the practice of almost every man, owning land
or not, who has a family, to make a small quantity
of maple sugar; because otherwise he might be
unable to purchase and use it in his family. If
he owns no sugar orchard he takes a certain num-
ber of trees of some neighbor who has and car-
ries on the business on shares; and if it should
be taxed it will be a tax bearing heavily upon the
poor man.
But a very small quantity of this article is man-
ufactured for the maikct. in country towns there
may be a few individuals, perhnps, who will go
to the expense of purchasing tin buckets, pans,
&c., and thus make a superiorarticle; and if they
do, they send off a barrel or two to some city
where they can obtain an extravagant price for an
early-made superior article. As a general thing,
even those who make it do not use it in their tea
and coffee, but only for certain purposes of cook-
ing, where it is as good and perhaps better than
any cane sugars.
As to its being a marketable article, you may
go into the various towns of the North, wherever
it is made, and you will perhaps find at the vil-
lage stores that two or three barrels have accumu-
lated in the spring of the year, and which is sold
at less price than the foreign article. And that is
about the extent of the market. It is sold mostly
as a lowcr-priced article, or, when made early, it
is sold, as candy and confectionery are sold, as a
luxury.
I think it will not be the purpose of this com-
mittee to reverse our whole action in reference to
taxing the products of the soil. I think it will be
the purpose of the committee to exempt from tax-
ation all the products of the sorghum, the maple,
and the beet.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I am not
generally in favor of taxing every species of arti-
cle we can lay our hands upon, but 1 must enier
my protest against the discrimination attempted
to be made in relieving from taxation an article
of so extensive production as maple sugar. I
cannot for the life of me se® why a similar article,
the product of a plant grown and cultivated by
labor, should be taxed, while an article of this
character, which is merely collected from the
forests, and collected in great quantities, too, at
great profit, but to the destruction many times of
timber not belonging to the parties collecting it,
is relieved from taxation.
The gentleman from Vermont tells us it is only
used for confectionery purposes. But what of
that? When gentlemen get hold of ale and por-
ter, which are used only as beverages,do they not
tax them? And ale and porter are produced by
great labor, while the production of maple sugar
yields largely in profits to those who collect the
material. It seems to me the discrimination is
very unjust, because in some portions of the coun-
try we raisegrain,nnd maple trees do not abound.
Genllemen are anxious to tax every article of
product. In this bill it is proposed to tax pe-
troleum six cents per gallon, and when we get to
that article the gentleman from Vermont will not
tell us it is an article of luxury, because it enters
into the necessary consumption of all classes.
He will tell us it is produced easily out of the
earth, and with very little labor. So is maple
sugar. Gentlemen may suppose that because
they have seen maple sugar used in candy shops,
and sold in small quantities in the country, that
it is not used to a very large extent. But that is
not so, and especially since the price of sugar has
become so great and the production of sugar from
the cane has been so completely destroyed by the
rebellion.
Sir, if I had my way about it, I would release
sorghum from taxation and tax maple sugar; I
would relieve sugar made from the cane from tax-
ation and tax the other, for the reason that I would
encourage the production of those articles at this
tims.
Mr. MALLORY. If the gentleman wishes to
enlarge the scope of taxation, I want to ask him
if he is willing to include buckwheat and clover
seed, which are produced very extensively, I be-
lieve, in Pennsylvania, to an extent greater than
elsewhere, and better?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Well, I do
not know that 1 am particular about those things.
When the gentleman proposes to tax buckwheat,
I will tell him. I can tell the gentleman that there
is scarcely any buckwheat raised in the country
I come from. His remarks about sugar-candy
and sugar-plums must have taken his mind back
to the time when he was a boy at school, and now
he is thinking of buckwheatcakesand slap-jacks.
[Laughter.] But it does seem to me that gentle-
men are disposed in this matter to discriminate in
favor of their particular localities, and as sug-
gested by the gentleman from Ohio, the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] has forgotten
that his State produces this article so vaslly;and
even my venerablecolleague [Mr.Stevens]seems
to remember the State where he sucked his sugar
in early life. [Laughter.] Now, 1 am opposed
to discriminating against the productions of labor
and in favor of those articles that produce largely
and most profitably without labor at all.
The question was taken on Mr. Morrill's
amendment, and no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Morrill
anil Holmam were appointed.
The committeedivided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 47, noes 48.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Nelson's amende,
ment; and being put, the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee at this point rose informally;
and the Speaker having resumed the chair, a mes-
sage from the Senate, by Mr. Hicket, their Chief
Clerk, informed the House that the Senate had
passed a bill (No. 407)' toauthonze the establish-
ment of ocean mail steamship service between
the United States and China, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
TAX BILL.
The committee then resumed its session.
Mr. WHALEY. I move to add,at the end of
line four hundred and fifty-three, the following:
That section ninety-four of said act shall be further
amended by addirn? after the wou) " parties," where it
occurs in the clause imposing a tax on mineral coals, as
follows:
Jhul provided further, That no tax shall bo imposed on
mineral coal mined and used by manufacturers of salt in
such manufacture.
Mr. Chairman, I desire only to state to the com-
mittee that the manufacturers of salt now pay a
license tax and a tax on barrels as well as a tax on
the salt, and that the manufacturers ofsalt in many
places, who use wood for fuel, instead of coal, pay
no such tax as this. The manufacturers who use
coal are compelled to pay a tax of five centsaton
upon the coal mined by them for the manufacture
of salt. It has already put the price of salt in
many places so high as to place the article beyond
the reach of the poor. I was informed by an hon-
orable gentleman upon this floor yesterday that
salt is thirty-six dollars a barrel in Missouri, and
it is impossible for the salt manufacturers who
use coal to compete with those who use wood,
which is not taxed. Now, salt is a necessary
article, and one which the humblest families are
compelled to use, and this tax which I propose
to repeal really puts salt beyond the reach of the
humblest classes in the Northwest.
Mr. MORRILL. All I have to say in relation
to this amendment is that it is utterly impossible
to discriminate in relation to this matter, even if
it were just. I am not certain that it would be
just. We now tax the coal by which iron is
made, and I do not see why we should not tax
that by which salt is made.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. On the part of the Committee
of Ways and Means I offer the following amend-
ment:
At the end of line four hundred and twenty-one, insert
the following:
By inserting after the word "naphtha," in the paragraph
relating to coal illuminating oil, the word " distillate by
inserting after the words "returns, assessments," the words
removing to and withdrawing from the warehouses."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KALBFLE1SCH. I offer the following
amendment:
After the word " party," at the end of line four hundred
and twenty-one, Insert tlie following:
By inserting, in the last proviso ill the paragraph on gas,
after the words " coal-tar," where they first occur, the
words "and aramoniacal liquor."
The present law provides:
" That coal-tar produced in the manufacture of illumin-
ating gas, and the products of the redistillation of coal-tar
thus produced, shall be exempt from duty."
Ammoniacal liquor needs to beexemptasmuch
as'coal-tar, in order to encourage and assist those
who are now trying to make some new products
in the manufacture of illuminating gas.
Mr. MORRILL. This is a matter about which
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Kalb-
fleischJ feels some interest. I confess that I am
not particularly informed on the subject, but i am
inclined to think that the amendment is proper.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move to amend by inserting after
the word "that," in line four hundred and thirty-
seven, the words " Bibles and books printed ex-
clusively as educational books." 1 offer this
amendment to carry out whatl suppose to be the
principleadopted by the committee and to remove
a doubtful construction to which I think the clause
in its present form is liable. The section now
provides that—
Arithmetics, spelling-hooks, geographies, grammars, and
primary books of the kinds usually taught in common and
primary schools, and all book? printed by religious socie-
ties? exclusively for the use of Sunday-schools, shall be
exempt from any duty or tax.
To carry out that principle and place it beyond
peradventure, I propose that we shall exempt from
taxation Biblesand all educational books,whether
used in primary schools, common schools, or
academies. My object is to exempt from taxa-
tion, as far as possible, that which develops and
improves the human mind.
Mr. KASSON. This question was considered
by the Committee of Ways and Means, and we
found that it would be entirely impracticable, if
we used any such general language, to accomplish
the object desired by the gentleman from Ohio
without accomplishing a great deal more. So far
as concerns Bibles, the provision can be made spe-
cific, and we have no objection to such a provis-
ion. The phrase "educational books" is, how-
ever, too broad. There is scarcely any book
which in a certain sense may not be construed to
be an educational book. Books used in theo-
logical schools, law schools, universities, &c., as
well as those adapted for the gentleman's library,
might be included under this designation. Such
is the breadth of the term that it might include a
very large portion, perhaps the largest portion, of
the books published in this country or abroad.
Mr. COX. I am glad to have the support of
the gentleman in favor of the idea which i have
attempted mainly to express. 1 will include the
words "class books or elementary books," or I
will leave it to the construction of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, who has power to
construe the section. His idea is to save from
taxation all books used foreducational purposes.
When we use that expression we know what it
is. We do not mean books for libraries; we
mean only books which arc intended for schools,
academies, or colleges. I will use the phrase
"class books" or any other the gentleman may-
suggest.
Mr. HALE. I suggest that the gentleman from
Ohio insert the words " educational or devotional
books."
Mr, COX. 1 have no objection to that, and I
