. JSMUTOIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Harris.
Ho. of Reps.
'deeply lament the sore afflictions which the
South endures, have no recourse except to take
-tfnfe side of the other. Those who believe that
the South is in the right and should become &n
independent antagonistic power, have no busi-
ness here. If the alternative is presented of ria-
ttftfisA'digmembermen't, and that dreadful result is
#ight within itself, no one should remain 'a citi-
fcfe'frfcf one of the divisions whilchonestly sympa-
thizing'with and-wishing success to the other.
Negotiations for an amicable adjustment hav-
ing failed, and no recourse left but war, the people
-ofiioth lections arc bound to sustain one lide or
the other. We cannot live in a community whose
"interests and united action we repel. In thiscase
it is too late to contend for abstractions and ob-
solete theories; " old things have passed away;"
fcivil war with its stern and unyielding realities
thrusts rudely aside the dreamy tenets of the past.
Political philosophy,however right within itself,
belongs to another order of national affairs and
to another condition of the body-politic. This is
a period of action, not sentiment; of physical
trials, not of ideas. It is folly to persist in the
application of impracticable doctrines instead of
accepting those which inevitable fate has forced
Upon us. For myself, after a fruitless effort to
obtain "what ought to be, I have resigned myself
to what is; 1 shall stand by my country, my
Whole country, 6( right or wrong, my country. '
While I deplore the continuance of this dreadful
Conflict it is too late to moralize. The Union we
cannot give up. This the South should know
Once and forever. Disunion is impossible. We
cannot recognize the existence of another'con-
federacy mode from the States which created and
are a part of this Government. This is our reply
and this is the determination. The responsibility
of'what follows will rest with those who first
provoked hostilities and then refused reconcilia-
tion. If they pcrsistin presenting as an ultimatum
War or separation, I fear yet further sacrifices will
be required of them. If, after near four years of
aggression, in which their homes and firesides
have been desecrated, their fruitful fields made
desolate and waste, their material resources nearly
exhausted, and their cause nlmost reduced to the
hazard of a battle, they still persist in refusing
an honorable adjustment, I cannot regard their
position as right, however much I may admire the
spirit with which it is sustained.
"God save the Republic!'3 and let us once more
renew our efforts to procurc peace; but if failing,
let us preserve our nationality that we may pre-
serve our liberties and transmit to posterity thr;
blessings which were transmitted to us.
RECONSTRUCTION.
SPEECH OF IION. C. M. HARRIS,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
February 21, 1865,
On the bill to guaranty to the States whose governments
have been usurped or overthrown a republican form of
government.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The bill before the
House is entitled one to guaranty to the States
whose governments have been usurped or over-
thrown a republican form of government, and
therefore applies to the governments of Such
States, whether usurped or overthrown. If
usurped, it is the duty of the United States, un-
der the provision of the Constitution claimed as a
sanction for this bill, to restore to such States the
administration of the governments so usurped if it
can. Yet I expect to show, when sppaking with
reference to the provisionsof the bill, that if they
were enforced the United States would become
the usurper of the governments, though repub-
lican, of each of such States, under the specious
pretense of guarantying to such States such forms
of government. If overthrown,the title assumes
that to exist which cannot—a State of the United
States without a government. If the definition
of the word overthrown,especially when applied
to governments, given by the best lexicographers
is correct, which is "destroyed," there never was
Such a thing as a State of this Union without a
It was only by the formation of a
government by the people of each of the original
States for themselves, acting through majorities,
and the framing and adopting of the Constitution
by nine, and subsequent ratification by the other
four, that they became such of this Union; and
all the others became so by such formation of
govemmentsandadmission by Congress. So,to
the existence of any such State a government is
as essential as territory; and if so, it can no more
exist after the destruction of one than the other.
Clay in human shape, through bredth, only re-
ceives the impress of our Creator, and becomes
human so to remain so long as animated there-
with, after which it becomes a corpse. So such
a State, by the overthrow of its government, be-
comes a relapse, undesignated and unbounded
territory, a political corpse.
Such is not the condition of any State of this
Union, nor is it one ever desired by the people
of those in rebellion, but is wholly irreconcilable
with their devotion to and tenacity for their re-
served rights, which are preserved and protected
by State governments only, from their greatest an-
tagonism, intervention, the bane of free govern-
ment. I need not say unwarranted intervention,
for such is the import of the word in a political
sense, and especially when applied to the relations
of the States with the United States; the fearful ap-
prehension of which, by this Administration, not
only precipitated the people of those States into re-
bellion, but horrified conservative men of all sec-
tions with desponding alarm for the safety of the
Union. The inhabitants of those States did not
rebel against the governments of their respective
States, but on account of such apprehensions,
against that of the United States, to which, other-
wise, they, asa people, would, through danger and
sacrifices, however imminent and impoverishing
have adhered with a purpose so determined, en-
thusiastic, patriotic, and enduring, as would have
been commendable even to the memories of our
common and most noble ancestry, as being, of all
that could be devised by man, the most conducive
to the protection of those of each of the States in
the full exercise of their reserved rights, and enjoy-
ment of free government, if administered in the
spirit that induced and conceived its formation.
They became rebels, not from hostility to it, but
fearful apprehensions that this Administration
would, in violation of the Constitution and laws of
the United States, and of their respective States,
wantonly invade their absolute and most import-
ant and cherished political rights. Unfortunately
for our blood and treasure, the restoration of the
Union, the founding of free governments through-
out the world, and the opportunity presented by
their rebellion of most successfully vindicating
the strength, efficiency, and durability of our re-
publican form of government, to the terror, cha-
grin, and discomfiture of the despots of the world,
by demonstrating, through the restoration of
the Union, its perfect compatibility, enduring
strength, and centripetal self-preserving and de-
fending virtue; though possessed of no power or
sovereignty whatever, save that specifically dele-
gated to it by the States in the Constitution of
its formation, and thus exploding their cherished
theory, that such Governments must become
centralized or disrupted by inherent weakness or
incompatibility. But fortunately for the strength,
progress, and prolongation of the rebellion, and
for the supremacy of anarchy, savage despotism,
corruption, and crime, in all the States, such.ap-
prehensionshavebeen more than realized,through
the most cruel and degrading usurpations of des-
potic power, in violation of every important pro-
vision of the Constitution, and therefore necessa-
rily of the reserved rights of the people of every
State of the Union; although supposed by some,
and asserted by most of the leaders of the Ad-
ministration, to have been unfounded.
Can the alleged overthrow of such govern-
ments, or of any of them, be possibly attributed
to any cause whatever, save the action of the ad-
ministration of either our Government, that of
those States or some of them, or that of the so-
called confederacy? It cannot, for the most con-
clusive reason: that none other has had since the
rebellion any political connection or controversy
whatever with them or any of them. If so, and
I think it incontrovertible, thesegovernments ex-
ist, unless they have been so overthrown. Have
they? And if so, by the action ofthe administra-
tion of which? Not by that of tins Government,
it being but the political creature and trustee of
the States, and so made by the voluntary act of
nine of them, each then having the government
it now has and possessing and reserving like
sovereignty therefor, of which Virginia, Georgia,
North and South Carolina, included in the pro-
visions of this bill, were four. So if the United
States possesses the rightful poutgr to overthrow
the government of any of the Jiine States that
created it, each of such Stateaf*voluntarily coop-
erated in conferring upon apolitical fabricof their
own creation—ordained expressly for the preser-
vation and perpetuation of each of such govern-
ments, under such local administrations as the
people and their posterity of each might institute
—the power to destroy them.
Though the legitimate administrations of such
governments are suspended, they are not over-
thrown, and may be administered by a sufficient
number of any of their respective inhabitants
who are voters and eligible to office, without
national legislation or adjudication or executive
action peculiar to their condition, or other than
ordinary. Or although every statute law of such
States should be repealed, and theirarchives, stat-
utes, and everything in them should be consumed;
or every citizen in tnem become traitors and rebels
in arms against the authority of such States and
that of the United States; or every inhabitant of
them so abscond as to leave them without one, and
never return—such governments would remain
with their normal and inherent vigor, and by such
number of any who might become under the or-
ganic and statute laws of such States voters and
eligible to office in them respectively, could be,
without such legislation, adjudication, or execu-
tive action, as constitutionally and successfully
administered as if their legitimate administrations
had never been suspended, and yet never can be
constitutionally, successfully, nor in accordance
with the principles upon which ours and free
Governments are based, only by the consent of
the people of such States, respectively, through
such number so qualified. As upon such resto-
ration of the administration of the governments of
such States depends the perpetuity of the Union,
the object of our every political effort should be to
effect it, and thereby restore the Union through
the only power that it can be, and that by which
it was formed, the will of the people of the States,
as such, acting through majorities and State or-
ganizations, when, if ever, the advocates of this
bill and such or any, shall have succeeded in de-
stroying the governments of such States they
will not have in depriving the people of any thereof
of the right to, for themselves, respectively, or-
ganize others; nor can they, as to would thwart
the decrees of God by which it was ordained.
Such attributes being in peace or war, and under
any circumstances, as paramount to the political
power ofthe United States as to that of any crown,
and as inviolable as good faith should ever be, the
people of such States, in their eagerness and de-
termination to die in defense of, rather than sur-
render it, would interpose against an attempt to
usurp it rivers of blood and mountains of slain.
The exclusive exercise by the people of each
of the States of such and like prerogatives consti-
tutes the political State of man ordained by his
Creator, and the only one in which he can attain
that high destiny for which he was created, and
for which our fathers would have severed their
allegiance to Great Britain, though a monarchical
government, regarding no government not secur-
ing to the people of each of the colonies such
attributes as preferable to or any than a mon-
archy,as ever evinced in their several political-
action and connection in the formation, adminis-
tration, and dissolution of two unions previous to
this, and by our fathers of New England, of one
composed of the colonies of that section, in all
of which such attributes were reserved by each
colony for the people thereof, each of which were
by their respective articles of confederation to
have been perpetual, or would have foughta battle
of the Revolution, through the success of which
such principles became so triumphant thatGreat
Britain acknowledged each of the original States
to be free and independent. Each of the nine of
which that formed this Government reserved for
