782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
ing to the luxury of the country, and as capable
of taxation as the article of tobacco or whisky.
For my part, I am disposed to favor legitimately
American literature, although I have not been in-
spired from the same admirable source as the gen-
tleman from Illinois. [Laughter.]
Mi*. INGERSOLL. 1 regret that you have
not been.
Mr. KASSON. Still, I am bound to object to
this proposition from the fact that it is altogether
too sweeping, and would exempt a great deal of
the wealth and luxury of the country from its
legitimate share of taxation. I trust that the sub-
ject will be passed over now, and considered at
some other portion ©f the bill.
Mr. COX. Before the gentleman from Iowa
is through, I desire to ask him a question.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the subject is
utterly exhausted.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 should think so.
Mr. PRUYN. 1 trust the gentleman from Il-
linois will strikeout of his amendmentthe words
" printed books," and let it apply to magazines
alone.
■ Mr. INGERSOLL. Oh, no.
The question was taken on Mr. Ingersolljs
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio by inserting
" Bibles, Testaments, or volumes consisting only
of parts of either." What calls my attention par-
ticularly to this is the fact that there is a society
in the city of New York which for the last seven
or eight years has been carrying on the work of
translating the books of the Old and New Testa-
ments, and publishinga volume ata time, till there
are now some forty or fifty publications, some
consisting of one book of the Old Testament, some
of two or more books, and some of the whole of
the New Testament.
Mr. COX. 1 have no objection to that. I ac-
cept the modification.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr, Chairman, I do not see
any reason why we should distinguish between
any particular class of publications. There are
books, not printed by Sunday-school or Bible
societies, that are full of religious sentiments and
religious ideas. I hold that this tax on literature
is unworthy of the age. If honorable gentlemen
would direct their attention to the appropriation
bills that are passed without discussion they would
find that it co&ts us three times more every year
to take the pamllnx of Mars, to triangulate the
Pleiades, and calculate the stars for 1880, than the
amount of the revenue which we get from this
tax on books. I hope that this whole tax on
knowledge will be struck out. We are unwill-
ing to impose the tax on maple sugar, a luxury
which everybody can do without, on sorghum
or molasses, winch everybody can do without;
and yet we propose to hold on to a tax on books,
a tax on intelligence, and to throw ouuselvea in
the face and eyes of all the literature of the coun-
try. I have not the courage to face the denuncia-
tion which, in my judgment, will come down on
us from all the writers, all the litterateurs^ if, after
all this, we persist m the enforcement of this tax.
I repeat, Mr. Chairman, that the distinction
taken between religious and other books is not a
proper distinction. The exemption of the pub-
lications of certain religious societies is riot a rea-
sonable exemption. There are books just as re-
ligious, and doing as much or moie good, that are
printed by ordinary publishing houses, and that
ate not proposed fo be exempted. I hope that the
committee will not insist upon this tax which it
is the policy of the people of nil countries—of
Germany, of England, and France—(o do away
with as much as possible. I hope we will strike
out of the bill tins tax on books and magazines,
and impose it on other articles on which the peo-
ple are more willing to pay it.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is on
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Mallory] to the substitute pro-
posed by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Rick.]
Mr. COX. Is debate exhausted on that?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
The question wits taken, and Mr. Mallory's
amendment was rejected.
. Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Is it in order
for me to withdraw my amendment?
. The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I withdraw it.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio by staking out
the words "arithmetics, spelling-books, geograph-
ies, grammars, and primary books of the kinds
usually taught in common and primary schools,
and all books printed by religious societies ex-
clusively for the use of Sunday-schools," and in-
serting in lieu thereof the words " books and mag-
azines,5> so that it will read:
Provided, That books and magazines shall be exempt
from any duty or tax, &c.
Mr. COX. Is that amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not, unless offered in
the nature of a substitute.
Mr.ARNOLD. I offer it as a substitute forthe
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio. I am in
favor of the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, if I cannot procure the adoption of this sub-
stitute. My proposition is to repeal all taxes upon
books and magazines, not only Bibles and school
books, but all others. We get very little revenue
from that source. I understand that the amount
of the tax derived from books and magazines is
less than fifty thousand dollars. I submit that the
entire tax upon books and magazines should be
repealed, and that they should be entirely free.
That is what I propose by my amendment.
Mr. COX. 1 am opposed to the substitute of
the gentleman fiom Illinois, as I was to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky. The effect
of both is to break down the amendment which
I offer. 1 propose to exempt from taxation these
necessaries in education, while the gentleman pro-
poses to exempt what 1 consider the luxuries of
literature, for which we ought to pay. That is
the distinction which I make. I hope that the
House will vote down all these other propositions,
and will adopt my amendment.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. In oider to say
a few words on this subject, I move, pro forma,
to amend the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio by striking out the last word.
I favor the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Illinois. I believe that in a couniry
where the basis of our Government is the intelli-
gence of the people we ought not to tax knowl-
edge. The various States are encouraging the
formation of libraries m each school district; our
people in various localities are uniting for the
pui pose of forming circulating libraries. We are
taxing the people of the United States to-day for
the publication of congressional documents, to-
gether with Patent Oifice reports, agricultural
leports, &c. Our only justification tor appro-
priating the public moneys m this way is that we
thus promote the dissemination of knowledge.
Yet, while with the one hand we take money
from the publieTreasury for the purpose of print-
ing and circulating these books, we with the other
me taxing, and thus repressing, private enterprise
in the same direction. I believe, Mi. Chairman,
that no species of knowledge should be taxed.
Our object should be to encourage by our legis-
lation everything that conduces to the intelligence
of the people.
1 hope that the substitute proposed by the gentle-
man from Illinois will be adopted. I withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. For the purpose of termi-
nating debate on this paragraph, 1 move that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeroy reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, having had under consideration as a spe-
cial order the tax bill, had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that when the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union re-
sumes the consideration of the tax bill, all debate
upon the paragraph under consideration be term-
inated in one half minute.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move thatthe Housea^ain
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union to resume the considera-
tion of the tax bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pom-
eroy m the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the special order, the tax bill.
The question being upon the substitute of Mr.
Arnold for the amendment of Mr. Cox, it was
not agreed to; there being, on a division—ayes
twenty-two, noes not counted.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding " and magazines."
The amendment was not agreed to; there be-
ing, on a division—ayes twenty-three, noes not
counted.
The question recurred on Mr. Cox's amend-
ment.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend, as follows:
Strike out all after "that,"in line four hundred and
thirty-seven to " shall" in line tour hundred and forty-one
and insert, "and all books intended for educational or
devotional purposes."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ARNOLD moved to insert the words
"prayer-books,hymn-books, and psalm-books."
Mr. COX. i accept the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Illinois.
Mr. SPALDING moved to add " and all mate-
rials used m the manufacture of printing paper."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I move to add, "and all Demo-
ciatic papers." [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I have no objection to have the
Democratic party connected with the Bible at any
time.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. COX. My amendmentas it has been mod-
ified is as follows:
In line four hundred and thirty-seven, after the word
 <thiU," insert, Ilibles and Testaments, or volumes con-
sisting only of parts of either; prayer books, hymn-hook?,
and p-ahu-booUs, and other books punted exclusively as
educational books."
Mr. HOLM AN. 1 move to add the words,
"the price of which may not be more than two
dollars per volume."
Mr. ANCONA. Put it a little higher.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will say three dollars per
volume, then.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
words, " and other books printed exclusively as
educational books."
The committee divided, and there were—ayes
44, noes 13; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers, and ap-
pointed Messrs. HoorER and Cox.
The committee again divided, and the tellers
repoited—ayes 61, noes 31.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Cox's
amendment as amended, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move the following amend-
ment:
Strike out the words,c< and in any case of doubt or dis-
pute as to what shall be exempt liom duty under this act,
the decision of ihe Commissiotu't ol hsteinal Uev< inn, ap-
proved by the Secretary of the Treasui>  .shall he final and
conclusive."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I ask that that part of the para-
graph which reads, " by striking from the para-
graph relating to photographs the words ' being
copies of engravings or woiks of art, or,' " shall
be reserved for the consideration of the Committee
of Ways and Means. The language is thought
to be too broad.
There was no objection, and it was agreed to
accordingly.
Mr. A. MYERS. I move the following:
On coal illuminating oil, refined, and naphtha, benzine,
and benzole piodueed by the distillation ot coal, asphal-
tum, shalr, p< at, petiob-uin, or rock-oil, ami all othei bitu-
minous substances used lor like purpose*, a duty of ten
cents per gallon: Provided, Tiiut such oil, refined and pro-
duced by the distillation or coa , asphaituin, or shale, ex-
clusively, thall be subject to pay a duty of live eenH per
gallon, anything to ihe eouti.ny notwithstanding: Jhidpro-
vided Jurther, That (li-tilleis of coal-oil or naphtha, ben-
/■me, ur benzole, shall be subject to all the piovisionu of
law applicable to distil krs of spin t<, with regard to licenses,
botuK, letuin*, assessments, liens, penalties, drawbacks,
and all oihei piovi>ions designed loi the purpose ot ascer-
taining the quantity d is tilled, and sec ui ing the paj ment of
dunes, so tar as the same may, in the judgment of the Com-
missions ot Internal Revenue, and under regulations pre-
sctile-d bv him. bedeeni.'d H''ee&s;ny for that purpose : jind
piovioeil also, 'J'hat naphtha ot specific gravity exceeding
eighty degiecs, aceoiding to Hatuue's hvdiometer, and of
the kind usually known as ga&oime, shall be subject to a
ta* ot live per cent, ud tuloiem,
Mr, MORRILL. I make the point of order
that the amendment is not germane.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
