786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
public or private property; for any willful act of oppres-
sion of any treedman, or of any loyal inhabitant; for any
act of taking or leceiving, directly 01 indirectly, any money
or thing of value on account of any act done or omitted by
til em in their official capacity ; or for being in any manner
interested in any purchase of cotton, tobacco, suyar, or
any other article produced upon any lands leased 01 woi Red
under the pioviszons of this act; or for any otliei willful
violation or their official duties, upon conviction theieof,
shall he subject to punishment by fine not exceeding
§10,000, or impilsonment at hard labor for a period not
exceeding five years, or by both auch fine and imprison-
ment.
That is a clause in the substitute bill; it is
highly penal in its character; it creates a large
class of offenses that are not military offenses,
that are not cases arising in the land or naval
forces of the United States, but that arc civil
offenses, to be perpetrated not by the soldiers or
seamen of the United States in the military or
naval service, but by civilians; and those offenses,
with all of the severe punishments which are de-
nounced against them, are not to be tried by
the appropriate constitutional tiibunals, the civil
courts, according to the municipal laws, but by
this section of the bill are handed over to the
jurisdiction of military tribunals appointed by
the commanding officer. Is it competent for Con-
gress to pass a bill with such a, provision in it?
The honoiable Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cowan] a few days ago biought up this question
before the Senate, and with a power and force of
argument far beyond anything that i can com-
mand, so far won its reason and judgment as
that it voted by a decided majority to strike out a
similar provision in another; and in lieu of it gave
to the civil courts the trial of such offenders.
What has the Senate to do in order to irject
this bill, with such a provision in it, but to fol-
low up its action and the encouraging precedent
which it set on that occasion? The learned Sen-
ator's reasoning and constitutional objections
are more potnted and cogent in their application
to the bill now under consideration than they
were to the section which was assaulted with si)
much vigor and success by him. But, sir, I pro-
pose to examine this question a little myself.
My honorable and early friend near me, [Mr.
Howard,] whose ability as a lawyer, logician,
and statesman, it is my pleasure to concede, and
whose purity und patriotism of purpose I am far
from questioning, differs no essentially from me
in relation to what I conceive to be the most fun-
damental and vital principles of the Constitution
—without which, or which practically overruled
and disregarded, I would not give a farthing for
the Constitution itself—that I feel it incumbent
upon me to examine at some length these princi-
ples, and the provisions of the Constitution which
bear upon this section of the bill.
Sir, the Senate ia often engaged in the consider-
ation of great questions, questions of pcimancnt
and immeasurable interest to the American peo-
ple, to the jirescntgeneration and to ail posterity.
In my humble judgment it never was engaged in
the consideration of one of more essential and in-
appreciable importance than that now before it.
Where had this important provision of the Con-
stitution its paternity? What people devoted to
constitutional liberty and jealous of their rights,
iind especially of the absorbing and domineering
tendencies of military courts, suggested the first
provision of the fifth amendment to the Constitu-
tion? It originated in the State of Massachusetts.
It was prominent among the constitutional amend-
ments which that great State, I will say in that
early day of our history that enlightened and
patriotic State, but now how deplorably fallen,
presented for the adoption of all the States as an
amendment to the Consitution, and is in these
words;
" No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or other-
wise infamous enme, unless on a presentment or indict-
ment oi a giand juiy, except in case* arising in the land or
liavai iuiccs," &c.
Now, sir, let us examine this provision. My
honorable friend from Michigan attempted a defi-
nition of the term " case" used inn a few days
since. That is one of the essential words m this
.clause, the meaning of which ought to be cleaily
.ascertained if practicable. Then the other im-
portant phrase " forces," a correct understanding
£)f which i§ .equally necessary to a proper con-
struction of this: important provision of the Con-
fttit-ution. What are cases aiising in the land or '
naval ibices ? What is a case ? All lawyers un- j|
fierstand what asuse in court is. I admit that the I!
term " case" here has a larger significance than
the term " case" as it is applied to proceedings in
court, but still " cases" here means " questions
relating to persons or things." That is the im-
port, the meaning of the term, as it is used in
this section of the Constitution. That is John-
son's definition of the term 14 case." That of Web-
ster is " a state of facts involving a question for
discussion or decision." Now, sir, I do not know
how, with my limited knowledge of language, I
could give a more precise and correct definition
of the term " case" than is expressed in these two
definitions. 1 should adopt the latter. It is a state
of facts involving a question for discussion or de-
cision. it seems to me that that was the sense in
which the framers of the Constitution used the
term, and I take it for true that that is sense.
Now, with thatdefinition of a " case,"there were
and necessarily would arise in the operations of
the country and of the Government two great
classes of cases, one civil and the other military.
I hold that it was the purpose of our wise and
watchful fathers who made this fundamental law
of government to draw a clear distinction between
the two classes of cases, and to provide a radically
different treatment of the two classes of eases.
In their distrust of and aversion to the tyranny
of military power they chosc to adopt this im-
poitant principle, which in the language of Mr.
John Q,uincy Adams, in my judgment " will abide
the tewt of time, of talents, and of human scru-
tiny that a mere civilian, at no time, upon no
charge, under no state of case, should ever be put
upon trial, lor a capital or otherwise infamous
offense, before a military court, where the law is
the mere will of the court itself, or of the com-
manding officer who convenes u, where there is
an utter, reckless abnegation of constitutional and
of all the pioviMons of civil law, where, in the
language of Wellington, " martial law is only the
will of the commander-in-chief, and its effect is
to overthrow all other law—to make the will of
the commander-!n-chief the supreme, unquestion-
able, unappealable law of the case.
BRIDGE ACROSS Til 13 OHIO,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must now interrupt the Senatot and call up the
special order, being the unfinished business of
yesterday, which is the motion to reconsider the
vote on the passage of the bill (S. No. 392) sup-
plementary to an act approved July 14, 1862,
entitled " An act to establish certain postroads."
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator from Ken-
tucky may have the privilege of finishing his re-
marks to-day on this matter.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is a special order
for to-day at one o'clock, House bill No. 307,
regulating commerce among the several States,
which t hope will be taken up. The report which
has been under discussion this morning will evi-
dently lead to a long debate, pro and con., and I
desire to have this bill considered to-day. It has
already gone over several times, and I am anxious
to have it disposed of.' I move that all other
orders be laid aside and that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the bill which was made
the special order for to-day.
Mr. POWELL. 1 hope the unfinished busi-
ness will not be postponed. Itis a matter of very
great importance to have that bill passed. It is
pending here on a motion to reconsider, and un-
less it be passed very soon there will not be time
to get it through the House of Representatives.
I hope it will not be postponed but will be acted
upon. I do not think it will lead to much debate.
The Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan]
will make a speech in favor of the motion to re-
consider, and I propose to speak not over ten or
fifteen minutes m reply,and then 1 am willing to
submit the question to the vote of the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senate will ■
proceed to the consideration of the bill which was
made the special order for to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Michigan to
postpone all prior orders and proceed to the con-
sideration of House bill No. 307.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hope that motion will
not be agreed to. The measure referred toby the
Senator from Kentucky need not occupy much !
of the time of the Senate. It is very important I
that that bill shall be passed at this session, so :
that the railroads interested in the important work
which it provides for may be enabled to progress
with the work during the coming summer, it is
of prime importance to our States that it should
be considered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am in favor of that bill,
but I hope that the Senators will not antagonize
it with the measure in my charge, which has been
laid aside for the consideration of bills from the
Committee on Finance. Now, it is the special
order for to-day, and 1 hope it will be proceeded
with.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me to suggest to
my honorable friend from Michigan that the bill
referred to by the Senator from Kentucky passed
the Senate,and I made a motion to reconsider m
order to allow the Senator from Pennsylvania to
be heaid. I understand that when he has been
heard,and the Senator from Kentucky shall have
replied, that subject will at once come to a Vote,
and then we can take up the bill which the Sen-
ator from Michigan desires to consider,und go
on with it. I think that course will expedite busi-
ness.
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw my motion,
with the understanding that the bill to which i
have lefrrred shall be taken up next.
The PRESl DENT pro tempore. The unfinished
business of yesterday is the motion of the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] to recon-
sider the vote by which the Senate passed the bill
(S. No. 392) supplementary to an act approved
July 14, 1862, entitled "An act to establish cer-
tain post roads."
Mr. COWAN. This bill, Mr. President, pro-
vides for the construction of a bridge across the
Ohio liver at Louisville. It provides that its
height shall not be less than fifty-six feet above
low-water mark; that it shall be constructed with
three draws sufficient to pass the largest boats
navigating the Ohio river, one over the Indiana
chute, one over the middle chute, and one over
the canal. The spans of the bridge are not to be
less than two hundred and forty feet, except over
the Indiana and middle chutes, and the canal.
The hndge is to be constructed with draws of one
hundred and fifty feet wide on each side of the
pivot-pier over the Indiana and middle chutes,
and ninety feet wide over the canal.
It is not necessary that I should remind the
Senate of the importance of the Ohio river as a
highway to the commerce of the great valley of
the Mississippi. A thousand miles in length,
carrying upon its cuirent more in a single day
than all the railroads of the country can carry in
a month, it becomes of the greatest importance
that that navigation should be free and unob-
structed. Senators will remember that in 1862
this question came before the Senate upon a pro-
posal to construct a railroad bridge across the
Ohio river at Steubenville. It was very much
investigated at that time, and a very considerable
amount of testimony was adduced before the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads in or-
der to ascertain in what way such a bridge might
be constructed without injury to the navigation.
The bill which passed on that occasion, and which
was approved on the 14th of July, 1862, author-
izing the Steubenville bridge, provided that it
should be at least three hundred feet wide, and t
think it was shown pretty conclusively before the
committee that any other construction than that
there would be an impediment to the navigation
of the river.
That bridge was constructed there, nine hun-
dred miles above the mouth of the Ohio river,
"with spans of three hundred feet and an elevation
of ninety feet above the water. It was supposed
at that time to be a final settlement of the ques-
tion, so far as it could come befoie this Legisla-
ture. Here, however, we find a bill now which
proposes to throttle this liver, to narrow its ca-
pacity, some five hundred miles below, and the
effect of which will be to compel the whole navi-
gation of the river above to accommodate itself
to the narrow passage under thispioposed biidge.
The place where this bridge is proposed to be
located is one of great importance. It will be
observed by Senators that it is to be located at
the head of the falls of the Ohio nver, the most
difficult and dangeious piece of navigation upon
the whole river. It is to be located at a place
where it requires great care and circumspection
Jo achieve the channel at all, a place where it is
impossible at certain stages of the water to land
