1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
787
heavy floats in order to prepare them for a pas-
sage through the draws which are to be constructed
in this bridge; and I have no hesitation in saying
that, if this bridge be erected, it will operate to
cripple the navigation of the whole river above,
and that for most obvious reasons. The ordinary
boats on the river require a space of eighty-five
or ninety feet high ill order to enable them to pass
under it—that is to say, a first-class boat, with its
chimney, is from eighty to ninety feet high. It
is not pretended that such boats can pass under
this bridge; and, as a matter of course, they will
be obliged to pass through the draw, and this
draw—wide enough, perhaps, to allow them to
pass—is to be opened and shut, and these boats
have to detain themselves until that is done, and
to detain themselves upon the very brink of the
falls, the very place where it would be most diffi-
cult of all others to stop, and wait the adjustment
of the draw; and if they are coming up the falls
I cannot see how it would be possible that they
could stop on such a place as that for sueh a pur-
pose. I believe there are Senators who know
something about abridge that was built across
the Mississippi river at Rock Island, and know
something about the accidents which occuired
there from the very causes to which 1 am now re-
ferring. At that bridge a very large amount of
property was destroyed; and I believe it was con-
sidered by the country so much ofa nuisance as
required that it should be finally abated.
So far as the draws are concerned in this bridge
at the falls, one hundred and fifty feet in width
would do if it were possible and not dangerous to
open and shut a draw of such length. If the Sen-
ate will suppose an arm of one hundred and fifty
feet long to be stretched each side of a central pier,
they will have an idea of the time that will be ne-
cessary to swing that draw, to open it, to turn
those arms in the direction of the current, and
then close them across the stream afterward. I
suppose the larger boats, the passenger-carrying
boats of the river, might stop to awaitthis opening
and shutting of the draw, and 1 suppose there is
enough space so that they could get through; but
the objection comes more particularly from a large
number of people who are engaged in a diffeient
kind of carrying trade, coal and lumber. The
passage that wilt be open to them at the widest—
and that is not in the channel because the draws
occupy the channel—the spans over other parts
of the river where they will be obliged to run
through are limited here and cut down to two
hundred and forty feet. It will be utterly im-
possible to conduct the navigation and trade of
that river upon the same principle which is now
adopted if you narrow these spans to two hun-
dred and forty feet. The tows themselves are
often wider than that; and they range from one
hundred and eighty to two hundred and twenty
feet. One not conversant with this kind of navi-
gation might suppose it would be very easy to
run a boat two hundred feet wide between apair
of piers that were two hundred and forty feet wide;
but Senatois must remember that the pilot who
undertakes to achieve this task must begin a mile
away from the passage, and then he must begin
with the enormous weight of tows, some three or
four hundred feet long and some two hundred feet
wide, carrying the heaviest of all commodities,
bituminous stone coal. These barges are one
hundred-feet long, six or seven feet draught, and
twenty feet wide, all tied to a small tug-boat cal-
culated simply to give the whole mass weightor
momentum enough for the ordinary navigation
of the liver, but utterly unable to turn it readily
and quickly so as to correct any error that the
pilot might make in his calculation at that dis-
tance. 1 venture to say that nine out of every
ten of the pilots upon that river, unless it is those
who are eons tan tly engaged in running it—f mean
the ordinary pilots who run it in times of freshets
when alone these heavy cargoes can go down
the river—cannot strike that passage, or know
whether they are going to strike it until they are
close to it. Even if you get the bow or fore part
of this tow within that narrow strait, if you come
into it aslant, before your boats get tlnough, your
sideways with the whole tow will be against the
pier.
We have had some experience with regard to
the Steubenville bridge where the spans are three
hundred feet wide, and where the river is com-
paratively smooth and unobstructed, and without
any very rapid current, and.the consequence there
is that it requires the greatest skill and the great-
est care to avoid accidents even with less cargoes
than those that I have described.
Mr. President,! think it would be exceedingly
unjust to the people inhabiting the States of Ohio,
West Virginia, and the upper part of Pennsyl-
vania, that this obstruction should be put here,
particularly when you come to ascertain how
very easy it would be to avoid all this difficulty.
The other day we authorized the construction
of a bridge across the Ohio river at Cincinnati.
That was a suspension bridge with a span of a
thousand feet, and instead of being ninety feet
above the water, as the Steubenville bridge is, it
was one hundred feet. Nobody complained of
it. Why riot build this bridge in that way?
Where is the necessity of nairowing the span
upon this bridge to two hundred and forty feet,
when it is obvious, and a matter of actual exper-
iment, that the span can be made a thousand
feet? Where is the necessity of putting it down
to fifty-six feet above low-watermark when that
at Cincinnati is built one hundred feetabovelow-
water mark? I know the answer to these ques-
tions; but what does it amount to? Simply this,
that such a budge would cost $200,000 more. 1
have no doubt that the trade of the Ohio river,
with one mill upon its tonnage for a single year,
would pay for that difference; and yet the whole
trade and travel upon that, river is to be obstructed
and impeded, for the sake of what? To save that
which, compared with the whole trade, is the
merest mote in the sunbeam.
The honorable Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Collamer] tells me that the length of this bridge
is to be four thousand seven hundred feet. It' that
be so, it is only another argument in favor of the
ease with which it can be made one hundred
feet high. It is said that the banks of the Ohio
river are so low at this point that the bridge can-
not be built more than fifty-six feet above the level
of the water. Why, sir, is there any difficulty
about tresthng up at the ends or embanking at
the ends? In order to preserve such an immense
interest at stake as the people of the three or four
States I have named have in the free navigation of
the Ohio river, an embankment of a mile on either
side of the river, in order to attain the necessary
elevation, would be the merest bagatelle in the
world compared with the effect that this bridge
will have upon all the navigation of that river. I
have nota doubt about it in the world; and I
speak, to some extent, knowingly upon this sub-
ject. I know the difficulties of the navigation of
this river, and I know how immensely they would
be increased by a wall across it, such as is pro-
posed here. I know, too, what will be the feelings
of the free citizen when becomes to an obstruction
of that kind, which is utterly and totally unneces-
sary. It may be very convenient to the railroad
company that builds it; it may save them two or
three hundred thousand dollars, but it will save
them that at a loss of millions upon millions on
the trade of that river, and in all time, as long as
it lasts. It is not to be a mere temporary obstruc-
tion; it is not to remain there for a month or a
year", but it is to remain there for all time. This
privilege, this right, which we are about to give
away to private corporations and take from the
whole people, is to endure and remain forever.
We may sit hero and take no interest in this
subject; we may suppose that it is a tnfle; but
if we remember the thousands and thousands of
people with their property upon that river fu<-
more than six months in the year, and the stake
they have in that property, oftentimes their all
embarked ina single b'oator tow, then it becomes
another question, and it becomes us to protect
them. They have a right unquestionably to the
free navigation of the nver. It is public prop-
erty. It belongs to the whole people. It belongs
to you and me and all of us; and are we to give
it away? To whom? To give it away to private
corporations to our own detriment. There might
be some argument for it if it was absolutely ne-
cessary; but it is proposed to give itaway to them
to our own detriment, in order that they may be
able to cross it by means of a cheap structure.
Wow, I ask Senators what is to prevent them
making a bridge of three hundred feet span just
as well as they made such a bridge at Steuben-
ville ? What is to prevent these companies from
constructing a bridge, that will meet with no op-
position from anybody, of a thousand feet span
and ninety feet above the water? Nobody haa
shown and nobody can show that such a thing
is impossible.
It is said the banks of the river are low. I do
hot care how low they may be. This bridge now,
it seems, can be fifty-six feet above the water.
What you want, then, is to elevate it forty-four
feet higher, to make it according to the Steuben-
ville standard. What distance will you require .
in order to attain that elevation upon an easy
grade of railroad? Ninety feet to the mile is not
a very heavy grade on a railroad. This river it-
self is over four thousand feet wide, four fifths of
a mile, and even upon the bridge itself, by elevat-
ing it in the center, you might attain, perhaps,
almost the elevation you require. But that is not
necessary. It is not necessai y that your railroad
shall run at a dead level until you come to the
bank of the river. You may commence half a
mile back, if you please, and trestle up until you
get to the proper elevation.
I take it that this Senate would be recreant to
its duty here if it allowed any company to put a
bridge across there that would obstruct the navi-
gation when it is possible to put one there that
would protect the navigation. I think that is not
a question that Senators should be in doubt about
at all. They should not come here and ask that
a general right may be set aside to subserve a pri-
vate interest, however much that private interest
may connect itself with the public; but they ought
to come with such evidence as would leave to every
member of this Senate no doubt but that the great
public right would be preserved.
Suppose these companies were to begin half a
mile from the river bank on each side, in order to
raise an embankment to get forty-four feet of ele-
vation, what would that cost? By embankment
itself it would not cost $200,000; and by trestle-
work it would not cost near so much; and shall
you impede or impair or even threaten the navi-
gation of this great highway for such a consider-
ation as that? I hope not, sir. I should be ex-
ceedingly sorry to believe that such a thing would
be agreed to by Senators who have had an oppor-
tunity of knowing these things, particularly when
they have once been investigated here at great
length, as the honorable Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Collamer] will testify when his memory is
refreshed by the provisions of the law of July 14,
1862, in relation to the Steubenville bridge, when
it was absolutely shown that nothing short-ef a
span of three hundred feet would satisfy the re-
quirements of the navigation of that river; and
since that time, as 1 have before stated, there is
the most conclusive evidence m the world that a
bridge can be built there that will be unexception-
able to everybody. 1 hope, therefore, that this
bill will be reconsidered.
Mr. OOiiDAMBR. Do you want to amend it?
Mr. COWAN. I wish to make it precisely the
same as the bill for the bridge across the Ohio
river at Steubenville. It is manifest to everybody
that all the people navigating this river must ac-
commodate themselves to its narrowest passages.
If you make the passage only one hundred feet
wide, then they must cut down their floats to one
hundred feet. There is no use in having a three
bundled feet span at Steubenville if you have a
two hundred and forty feet span below in one part
of the river. There is no use of having a bridge
with ninety feet elevation at Steubenville and one
hundred feet at Wheeling and one hundred feet
at Cincinnati, if at Louisville there is to be a bridge
with but fifty-six feet elevation.
I propose to read the action of the Pittsburg
Coal Exchange upon this subject; and this is the
opinion of men who are engaged in this trade,
and who understand this subject much better than
men not engaged in it might be supposed to un-
derstand it:
<! Whereas there is a hill now before Congress to author-
ize the eonstiuetion of a railroad bridge across the Ohio
uver at the falls, near Louisville, on a "plan which, in our
opinion, would bo ruinous to the navigation of* the river,
inoie paitleuhnly to those engaged in tuwingeoai : There-
lore,
•< Resolved, That we respectfully hut earnestly protest
against the erection ot said bridge on the plan mentioned ul
said biii, for the foliowm." reasons, namely :
" i'l!-1. Jt does not specny at what point they intend to
cioss the falls.'"'
I might remark that that very omission is fatal
in this bill for n reason that they give below.
. " This is a serious matter, as there arc points where thai
