1865.]
38th Cong....2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE COSGTtESSIONAL GliOBE.
Reconstruction—Mr. Smith.
Ho: OF KEPS.
lation hereof, sliall levy war against tlie State or be adher-
ent to the King of Great Britain or others, the enemies of
this State, or to the enemies of theUnited States of Amer-
ica, by giving him or litem aid or assistance within the
limits ot tins State or elsewhere, and shall be thereof dulv
convicted in any court of oyer and terminer hereafter to be
erected according to law, shall be adjudged guilty of hfeli
treason, ami torleit Ills lands, tenements, goods, and chat-
lels totiie Slate,and be imprisoned any term not exceeding
the duration of the present war will) Great Britain, at the
discretion of the judge or judges."
So, also, the same rule applied in the State of
New York. On the 3d day of December, 1776,
it was ordered that a committee be appointed to
" devise an ordinance for securing all estates and
effects which are deserted by the owners, or which,
though under the care of others, belong to the
enemy, or who have absconded."
After much investigation upon the part of the
"committee of safety,"and full reports of prop-
erty, its conditio^, and the status of owners, it
was finally agreed ori the 22d of October, 1779, by
an act entitled "An act for the forfeiture and sale
of the estatesof persons who have adhered to the
enemies of this Stale, and for declaring the sov-
ereignty of the people of this State in respect to
all property witliin the same."
It may be interesting to refer to a paragraph or
two of this statute. The preamble recites:
"And whereas the public justice and safety of this State
absolutely require that the most notorious offenders shall
be immediately hereby convicted and attainted of the of-
fense aforesaid," [to wit, treason, adhering to the enemy.]
" in order to work a forfeiture of their respective estates
and vest the same in the people of this State."
The first section of the law provided that cer-
tain men, naming them—
" Be, and each of them are hereby, severally declared to
be, ipso facto, convicted and attainted of the offense afore-
said j and that all and singular the estate, both real and
personal, held or claimed by them the said persons sever-
ally and respectively, whether in possession, reversion, or
remainder within this State on the day of the passing of
this act, shall be, and hereby is, declared to be forfeited to
and vested in the people of this State."
Again:
That all forfeitures and confiscations of the lands, tene-
ments, hereditaments, and real estate which heretofore have
been by virtue of any former law or laws of this State
agains^nty person or persons whomsoever, or conviction
for adhering to the late enemies of this State, or of this
and the other United States of America, is, and are here-
by, to ail intents, constructions, and purposes in the law
whatsoever, fully and absolutely ratified and confirmed,
notwithstanding any erroror errors in the proceedings there-
on, or in anywise relating thereto, and all writs of error
and errors on any judgment hereto rendered relating thereto
are hereby forever burred."
I have made these quotations, and dwelt thus
long, Mr. Speaker, on thesubjectof confiscation,
to show the example of our fathers, and prove
the right invested in us to confiscate the property,
real and personal, of the enemies of our Govern-
ment, and appropriate it to the people of theUni-
ted States. But, sir, in the exercise of this great
power the greatest discretion, the greatest caution,
18 to be observed. We must be sure of the per-
son or persons upon whom we lay the strongarm
of the Government. We must do no wrong, but
leal out justice and right to every man.
Eleven of the Slates of the Union undertook to
(ever their connection with the United States and
form a separate and independent government.
They waged war to accomplish that end; they
became enemies to those who remained true to the
Constitution. There was no foundation in fact,
none in law or justice, for this diabolical act of
theirs; nevertheless they did it and having done
it, those who conceived the idea, laid the plans, in-
augurated the measures, and waged the war, are
and must be held responsible; they must be made,
as I have already said, to feel the terror of the law;
they must be punished for treason, in body, con-
fiscation of property, and exile from the land that
gave them birth. But, Mr. Speaker, think you
there are no loyal people in those eleven States ?
Think you there are not those there who love that
flag now waving over your chair; who do not
love that old Constitution written by our fathers;
who do not believe this is their country, their be-
loved country, the country of Washington, of
Jefferson, and of Jackson, of Scott and of Taylor,
of Clay and of Webster, of themselves and their
children ? No, Mr. Speaker, they are there, no-
ble, grand, enduring patriots.
It was my good fortune to have witnessed a
scene which can never be effaced from memory.
New Series—No. 7.
When in the Army, in 1869, and in the northern
part of Alabama, 1 happened one day to be passing
through an humble yet respectable portion of the
neighborhood, where I was camped, and observed
moving along the muddy road a procession of
silent, mourning people,preceded by an uncovered
wagon, drawn bytwo horses, in which was borne
the body of a noble Union soldier, killed in battle.
I followed on to witness the scenes that might fol-
low in that far-down country of rebellion. We
drew up at a church house built of logs and cov-
ered with long, rough boards. The corpse was
taken in and placed beneath the pulpit, the audi-
ence became seated, and an old, trembling, gray-
haired father of the church ascended the pulpit,
and in clear but feeble voice began the worship
of that hour—
" God moves in a mysterious way
His wonders to perform."
Then opening that Book of books he read that
injunction of Scripture to all men to be subject
unto the higher power and those in authority.
His sermon was original, eloquent, and patriotic,
full of love, truth, Christianity, and consolation.
He closed'with prayer for the President of the
United States, the Army, the Navy, and theuniSn
of the country. Then, sir, there arose from near
my side an old lady, totteringon her cane, being
over threescore yeai sand ten; approaching the un-
covered coffin she bowed over the dead body and
kissed its lifeless lips, pressing them warmly and
long, as though she would impart life to them again
that they might say " God bless you, mother;"
but they spoke not, nor did they move; they were
sealed in death. She took from beneath her cloak
the flag of her country, the banner under which
her noble son had fallen, and laying it over and
around him she said, "Often, my child, have I
covered you to shield you from cold, from suffer-
ing, and pain; but now for the last time I wrap you
in the flag of your country, stained with your
blood, and commend your soul and body to the
God who gave it, and who now has taken it away.
' Blessed be the name of the Lord.' "
Mr. Speaker, think you there was no Unionism,
no patriotism there, no philanthropy there? Nay,
tell me not so. Itis there, it is all over this broad
land, in every State, in every county, in every
neighborhood. Patriotism is not bound bycounty,
■or State, or party lines; but among all men, how-
ever much many have been misguided, there wells
up in the bosoms of thousands and tens of thou-
sands the deepest love of country, and their hearts'
desire and prayer to God is for deliverance from
oppression, wrong, and rebellion.
Mr. Speaker, can we turn a deaf ear to the
claims, rights, privileges, and prayers of the long-
suffering, much-enduring Union people ofLouisi-
ana, Arkansas, and Tennessee? Do not the dep-
rivations, sufferings, and wrongs imposed upon
these gallant, liberty-loving people, come up be-
fore us in eloquent and convincing terms, demand-
ing attention, protection, and their proper place
in the Union, now that they have with nobleness
and tried patriotism reasserted their rights under
the Constitution, thrown off the rebellion, and of
their own accord enacted new laws, conforming
to the rule prescribed by the Constitution of the
United States requiring republican forms of gov-
ernment for each and every State? These peo-
ple, whatever may have been their former preju-
dices, feelings, or interest, have by their own act
thrown off slavery, made themselves free, and
now ask to assume their relations with the Gov-
ernment as fiee States.
In regard to slavery, Mr. Speaker, 1 have prob-
ably said enough heretofore. I have declared
here, as well as at home, and other parts of the
country, that I was for its utter abolition. I be-
lieved conscientiously it was best for the country;
I believed its abolition would produce among the
white people, the owners and controllers of the
Government, that homogeneity which had been
forbidden by the very existence of slavery.
When, therefore, the constitutional amendment
was before the House I spoke and voted for it,
and will continue to work with all the power and
ability I may possess for its adoption by the
people.
Sir, getting rid of slavery as it has heretofore
existed in the United States, looking to the inter-
est, prosperity, and advancement of oar country*
is one of those stupendous and rapid strides ih
the line of civilization, humanity, and Christian*
ity, which, in its execution on this continent, -ii
astounding in its character, and produced' tfii
greatest wonderment in the minds of all mankind.
When, on the 4th day of July, 1776, a fejv
brave-hearted men, noble and wise patriots, in
the city of Philadelphia, announced the Declara-
tion of American Independence,it was.aglorioua
day, a great work, a grand work, and all civili-
zation wondered at the magnitude of the scheme,
and trembled for fear of failure in so sublime an
undertaking. 1
Mr. Speaker, the 4th of July, 1776, became
the birthday of American independence, and will
always be held dear in the memory of every
American; but, sir, there is another day, which
stands now, and will forever stand, alongside of
the 4th of July. The 31st day of January, 1865,
was the birthday of American liberty. 'J'he
world was no less astonished at the action of those
men on the 4th of July, 1776, than it will be at
the action of this body on the 31st of January1,
1865." Congress, by a two-thirds vote, after full
and free discussion on this floor, after fall'dis-
cussion throughout the country, in all the States,
in every county, of this question, and the indorse-
ment by the people of a resolution adopted at
Baltimore on the 7th of June, 1864j for the pro-
hibition of slavery throughout the entire domain
of the United States, adopted this resolution. It
seems to me, then, that this question is almostat
rest, that there is but little more in it to talk
about. The war, or rather the rebellion, opened
the door to this rapid and radical action on this
subject, and the continuance of the war, the utter
disregard by the South to the propositions of the
President, published from time totime, has at last
rendered the rights of property in man a fore-
gone conclusion, a thing of the past, a thing
never again to be allowed in this land. What
man can regret this? Where is the patriot in all
the land who to-day would revoke the vote of
Congress, but lately given, which, by the con-
currence of the people, will break the shackles,
cut off the chains, and make four million human
beings in this proud Republic free—free forever,
and all their posterity; that vote which gave the
greatest right any man can enjoy in any form of
government, the right of man to himself, to call
his wife his own, his children his own, his little
property his own, and be amenable alone to the
laws of the country of which he is a subject?
Mr. Speaker, while I am for the abolition of
slavery, while I am for the utter extinction of
that institution, and believe that ait men should
be free, whether white, black, red, or mixed, I
cannot agree, nor will 1 consent by any speeck
or vote of mine, that there is no distinction in
races.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
LEYjgoes far beyond what I would sayoradmit.
He may possess more of human kindness, more
of Christianity, more of humanity, than 1 do, if
you may believe so much of him from his speech
on the subject of equality; but, sir, 1 submit, he
does not entertain more justice, more patriotism,
or philanthropy than I or thousands who live
further South than he. His whole soul, heart,
and mind run out toward the black race, and in
his great sympathy and interest for them he
seems to forget all other men. There is the poor
white man, the poor red man,the various classes
of men who compose society and government,
entirely foigotten by him, ignored, left out of the
count of wrongs and injuries imposed by the Con-
stitution, laws, and Government of the United
States, if such wrongs and injuries exist at all.
A great deal has been done for the black man;
more than he had-a right to hope for in so short
a time. Over two million have already been
freed, and it will not be long, we trust, ere the
military power of the rebellion is utterly broken,
and all of the blacks set at liberty. We have
made soldiers of them, and they have fought well.
The Government had a right to do that, and it
was but just and fair the black man should fight
for his freedom. He could not procure it with-
out sacrifice and bloodshed. In fact,Mr. Speaker,
his freedom was all he asked; he desired nothing
else. He felt and knew that he was not of the
same kind, the same class of the white, man; tbey
