1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
789
at that very point. It is accompanied by the
affidavit of Mr. Enoch Lockhart, a gentleman of
the strictest integrity, and a man of ability in his
line, who has been a falis pilot on that river for
thirty-three years. This Lockhart examined this
petitiont as he states in his affidavit, and exam-
ined the plan of the bridge that was before the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and
he swears that that structure will not obstruct
the navigation at the falls. I will read one or two
brief extracts from this paper on that subject.
Before doing so, however, I will state to the
Senate why it is not practicable to construct this
bridge at a greater height at that point. That
fact js set forth in the memorial ana in the evi-
dence which was before the Committee on Post
Officcs and Post Roads. The banks of the river
are low at that point. If you would arrange the
bridge to the heightindicated by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, the grades would be such that it
would be utterly useless as a railway bridge.
This bridge will be nearly five thousand feet long;
and it would be useless attempting to raise it to
the height indicated by the Senator, in conse-
quence of the grades. The Senator wishes to
know why this bridge cannot be constructed with
as much span as that across the river at Cincin-
nati. He tells you that there the span is a thou-
sand feet. Allow me to tell the Senator that that
is not a railroad bridge, and 1 do not believe it
would be practicable to construct a railroad bridge
with any security, with that immense span.
That is a suspension bridge, and was not con-
ytructedYor railway purposes.
The Senator wishes to know, again, why we do
not put it at the height of the Steubenville bridge.
The reason is stated. The reason was considered
by the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
It is in consequence of the formation of the banks
of the river at that point. A bridge built in that
way, such would be the heavy grades, would be
almost useless. There is a difference in this bridge
from the one at Steubenville. This bridge is to
be constructed with draws, which is not the case
with the Steubenville bridge. This bridge is to
have four draws across the Ohio river, ofone hun-
dred and fifty feet each—two across the Indiana
chute, and two across what is callcd the middle
chute, at the falls. Those draws have to be not
less than one hundred and fifty feet from the pivot-
pier, and that will give you four draws across this
river one hundred and fifty feet wide. Then there
is another draw across the canal of ninety feet.
The draw across the canal is of the very same
width as the other draws over that canal; and
consequently there is, and can be, no objection to
the width of the draw over the canal.
The.Senator says that the steamboats will not
be able to get down that river with their chimneys
on if this bridge should be constructed in this
way. Why, sir, cannot the steamboats go through
these draws? There are four of them, each one
hundred and fifty feet wide. The company will
haveHo keep those draws always open at such
times as to give free access to ascending and de-
scending boats. Instead of the high chimneys,
of which the Senator speaks, touching the bridge
in any way whatever, he can make them high
enough to kiss the very clouds, if he desires, and
there would be no obstruction; for everybody
knows that a draw of one hundred and fifty feet
is large enough to admit any boat that ever navi-
gated the river.
But the Senator rather concedes that it will be
no objection to the river being navigated by steam-
boats. The objection,he states,rests uponthese
floats and coal barges. I have a good deal of ac-
quaintance with that river, and with a great many
of the floats and a great many of the steamboats
with the coal baiges in tow, of which the Senator
has spoken, and so far as I am advised, and in-
deed 1 know the fact to be so, there is never one
of them below the falls of the width indicated by
the Senator. I brought that matter especially to
the notice of our oldest and most experienced
steamboat men, and theyteil me that thesespans
will admitany barges bearing coal or any floats to
pass down the river without obstruction to the
navigation.
The Senator says the boats which carry coal
and lumber are very unwieldy, and that they can-
not be landed. They are all towed by steamers
commonly called tugs. It is not like a barge; it
is not a boat not propelled by steam, and there
will be no difficulty whatever in those boats pass-
ing through the spans.
Now, sir, I will read a fewbrief extracts from
this document. The length of the bridge as pro-
posed by the companies, in the first place, would
be about fifty-two hundred feet. The bridge, ac-
cording to the bill, is not to be quite that length,
but some forty-seven hundred feet, with a rocky
foundation for the abutments of both sides and
for all the piers. The fall is twenty-six feet in
extreme low water, from 'the head to the foot of
the falls, in a distance of about two miles and a
half. The memorial, speaking of the currents
there, says:
" The river is diminished in width to Leavenworth, In-
diana, a distance of sixty miles* below tlie falls; and for a
distance of about twenty nules fuither it parses through a
narrow gorge with projecting highlands on both sides; in
consequence of which a riseot one foot at the head of the
fall:? makes a rise of over two feet at the loot, until the rise
at the foot of the fills overcomes the descent. This takes
placc when the rise at the foot is from twenty-six to thirty
feet; and when there is twelve feet water at the head ot the
falls there is always over twenty-six fe**t at the foot; and
the cunent is not greater at the falls than in any otherpart
of the river.
" Whon there i« seven feet or less at the head of the falis
in the Indiana chute but few steamboats pa«s up the falls;
and when there is less than two and a half feet tew or none
descend except through the canal. In high stages the river
or the c<inal is used, according to the draught of the ve&sel
and rhe discretion of the navisator.
" The Indiana chute, near the north side, is very narrow
in low water, and steamboats cannot descend when there
is less than two feet in that channel, which is but fifty feet
wide for a distance of some three hundred feet. When theie
is seven feet in that channel there is only about three feet
in what is termed the middle chute, and to the Kentucky
shore, except m the canal. From seven feet to twelve feet
at the head of the falls, there is no channel for ascending
or descending boats but the Indiana chute, the middle chute,
and the canal."
The Indiana chute for three hundred feet is
but fifty feet wide. At this point this bridge is
to have draws at each place of one hundred and
fifty feet. How, then, can the navigation be in-
terrupted when the water is that height? When
the water is higher than that, there is no current
more than there is at other points of the river.
The draws are to be a hundred feet wider than
the Indiana chute at the time when water is at
anything like the low stage, so that boats can go
through there except at these three points, the
Indiana and the middle chutes, and the canal, un-
less the water is from ten to twelve feet high,and
then they will have to pass just where the draws
are, and the draws being wider than the Indiana
or the middle chute, of course when they are
raised there can be no obstruction to the naviga-
tion. The memorial says:
"When the rise in the liver reaches sixteen feet at the
head of the falls^ a bridge fifty-six teet above low-water
mark will give a space ot foi fy feet between the iowerchords
and the water in the river.n
A*nd again:
" It will be seen, by reference to the register, that abridge
fifty-six feet above low water would be fo^ty feet above the
stage of water in the river, on the average, during each
month of those years, and that it would have been less
than forty feet but for twenty-one days in the three years."
This paper is accompanied by a register kept
by Mr. Lockhart of the exact depth of the water
there for three successive years, and it is cl^ar
from that register that there were only twenty-one
days in three years when there was not forty feet
from the water to the lower portions of this budge.
Is not that heightenough ? And is not two hun-
dred and forty feet space enough for these boats
to go through ? Mr. Lockhart states in this pa-
per that he has been a pilot there for thirty-three
years:
" lie states that he has seen and read the petition of the
two railroad companies to Congress for authority to build
a budge at the head of the fails fifty-six feet above low-
water mark, with the spans and draws as stated in the pe-
tition, and concurs in the facts stared m it, and think* such
a bridge would be a great public convenience, and does not
believe it would injure the navigation of the tails."
There is the sworn testimony of a man who has
a larger expeiience on the subject than perhaps
any man that now lives; a man of the highest in-
tegrity and intelligence.
f< The river at the fails is about one mile wide, and so
continues to near ihe foot of the falls, a distance ot two
and one half miles."
Mr. Lockhart further says:
"The Indiana chute on the north side, at the head of the
falls, is not more than fifty feet wide at low water, and ex-
tends down the river the same width some three hundred
feet, and when there is seven feet of water in th.u chute
there is not more than three feet in what is called the mid-
dle chute, there being a depression in the rocky bed of tha
river to the north side.
" From the time ascending and descending steamboats
can pass the falls there will be no impediment or delay in
having to take the chutes where the proposed draws are to
be, while boats without high chimneys can pass under the
bridge arid between the spans anywhere.
"The bridge would be a great public convenience by less-
ening the cost and delays of passage and transportation
between the north and south side of the river, which has
greatly increased within a few years, with a prospect of
still greater increase in the future."
From that showing I do not think this bridge, 4
if constucted, will at all interfere with the naviga-
tion of the Ohio; but there is a special provision
in the bill that it shall be so constructed as not to
interfere with navigation. It is expressly pro-
vided "that said bridge and draws shall be so
construed as not to interrupt the navigation of
the Ohio river." It is a matter of very great im-
portance to the public interest lhat this bridge
be speedily constructed. Every person who has
traveled in that region must know the obstruc-
tion, expense, and delay occasioned by the rail-
road communication being broken at the head of
the falis. I do not believe this bridge will ob-
struct the navigation of the river in any particular.
The Senator from Pennsylvania talks a great
deal about floats and rafts. I know that some
rafts go down the river of very great size; from
my earliest boyhood I have seen them; butl have
confidencc that rafts of the sizo which pass below*
the falls of the Ohio can go through these spans.
The largest sized rafts do not pass over the falls;
thoy stop above; butl have never seen one upon
the Ohio river that could not get through a space
of two hundred and forty feet; and as to the coal
barges towed by tugs, there are no boats I know
of that cannot go between aspace of two hundred
and forty feet. The Senator tells you that these
boats are very unwieldy, i know that some-
times in dark fogs steamboats with nothing in tow
iuu up against the bank; but whenever it is safe
to take a boat over the falls it will be very easy
for it to strike between these spans.
But, Mr. President, there is one fact which
should be remembered in regard to the transpor-
tation of lumber on the Ohio river. The Senator
well knows that it is now being carried in barges
and steamboats. The taking of it in rafts has
greatly diminished within the'Iast few years, and
I have no doubt will soon be superseded entirely
by steam navigation. It is now put on barges
and towed by steamboats, and it issometimcs put
on steamboats themselves. One raft does not float
down the river now where ten or twenty used to
float seven or eight years ago.
I am as deeply interested in keeping the navi-
gation of the Ohio unobstructed as the Senator
from Pennsylvania. I have made the most strict
and minute inquiry of men of the greatest intel-
ligence and practical knowledge on this subject,
and I am firmly of opinion that this bridge will
not in any particular interrupt the navigation of
the river. While I believe that, I know it to be
a matter of the greatest importance to the public
generally that the railroads of Indiana and the
Northwest should be connected with those in
Kentucky going south. I know the construction
of the bridge will save to this Government every
year an amount of money sufficient to build it.
I therefore think this bill should be passed here
speedily, so that, if it has the concurrence of the
other House, it may be passed there at this ses-
sion, and then the railroad companies will go on
at once to build the bridge. I am told that they
can have it constructed by next summer, for they
have the means and intend to put a strong force
on it at once. If, however, the bill is delayed
here, the result probably will be that it will be
defeated in the House of Representatives for want
of time. I hope, therefore, the motion to recon-
sider will be voted down.
Mr. COWAN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. I merely wish to say thafc
inasmuch as the Senator from Pennsylvania
wishes a reconsideration of this, I shall sustain
the motion to reconsider to give him an opportu-
nity to offer amendments which he may desire to
present, without considering that in voting for
the reconsideration I commit myself in any way
to vote against the bill.
Mr. COWAN. I can merelysay that I make
the motion to reconsider so that I may have an
opportunity to amend the bill, the bill having
