790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
been passed when I was absent. I wish to amend
it as to the width of the spans.
Mr. ANTHONY. If that is the object of the
reconsideration, I think the call for the yeas and
nays may aa well be withdrawn and there will
be no objection to the reconsideration.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Collamer, Conness,
Cowan, Dixon, Farwell, Foot, Foster,Grimes, Hale, John-
ton, Moigan, Morrill, Ramsey, Ten Eyck, Willey, and
Wilson—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Davis, Harlan, Henderson,
Hendricks, Howej Lane of Indiana, Nesmith, Nye, l'ome-
roy, Powell, Richardson, Riddle, Sprague, Sumner, Trum-
bull, and Van Winkle—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Carlile, Doolit-
tle, Harding, Harris, Howard, Lane of Kansas, McDougall,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Stewart, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wright—15.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now recurs on the passage of the bill.
Mr. COWAN. I move now to amend the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that another vote must be reconsid-
ered before it will be in order to amend the bill—
the vote ordering the bill to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. COWAN. 1 move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
now open to amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to postpone
this bill for the purpose of proceeding with the
bill which was fixed as the special order for one
o'clock.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senator will allow
us to dispose of this bill. We shall vote on the
amendments without discussion.
Mr. COWAN. 11 will not take long.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then 1 withdraw the
motion.
Mr. COWAN. In the sixteenth line of the
first section I move to amend the bill by striking
out the words " two hundred and forty" and in-
serting "three hundred," so as to make the spans
the same width with those of the Steubenville
bridge above, so that the spans may be uniform
and of the same width. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs Cowan, Farwell, Foot, Foster, Gurnet,
Hale, Harris, Henderson, Itamsey, Trumbull, Wade, VVil-
iey.and Wilson—i;i.
NAYti— Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Conner,
Davis, Dixon, Harlan, Hendiicks, llowe, Johnson, Lane
of Indiana. Moigan, Nesmith, Nye, Pomeroy, Powell, Itich-
artlfeon, Kiddle, Sprsiguc, SStowuit, and Van Winkle—21.
ABSENT—Mu*s s. Brown, Buckalew, Carlile, Collamer,
Doohttle, Harding, Howard, Lane of Kansas, McDougall,
Momil, Sauhlmiy, Sherman, hiu/miei, Ten Eyelc, Willun
eon, and Wright—10.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to bp engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
COMMERCE AMONG THE STATES.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take up
the special order for one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will inform the Senator that it comes up as a mat-
ter of course, the unfinished business of yesterday
having been disposed of. That bill is now before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, being
House bill No. 307, to regulate commerce among
the several States.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the question
before us concerns the public convenience to a
remarkable degree. But it concerns also the unity
of this Republic. Look at it in its simplest form,
and you will confess its importance. Look at it
in its political aspect, and you will recognize how
vital it is to the integrity of the Union itself. On
one side we encounter a formidable Usurpation
with all the pretensions of State rights, hardly
less flagrant or pernicious than those which have
ripened in bloody rebellion. On the other side
are the simple and legitimate claims of the Union
under the Constitution of the United States.
Thus stands the question at the outset. Public
convenience and the Union itself in its beneficent
powers on the one side. Public inconvenience
and ail the discord of intolerable State pretensions
on the other side.
The proposition on its face is applicable to all
the States throughout the Union, and in its vital
principle it concerns every lover of his country.
But it cannot be disguised that the interest which
it has excited in the other House, and also in the
Senate, must be referred to its bearing on the rail-
roads of New Jersey. Out of this circumstance
springs the ardor of opposition; perhaps, also,
something of the ardor of support. Therefore
pardon me if I glance for one moment at the geo-
graphical position of this State, and its railroad
Usurpation in the name of State rights.
Look on the map, or better still, consult your
own personal experience in the journey from
Washington to New York, and you will find that
New Jersey lies on the great line of travel between
the two capitals of the country, political and com-
mercial. There it is, directly in the path. It can-
not be avoided except by a circuitous journey.
On this single line commerce, passengers, mails,
troops—all must move. In the chain of communi-
cation by which capital is bound to capital—nay,
more, by which the Union itself is bound together,
there is no single link of equal importance. Strike
it out, and where are you? Your capitals will be
separated and the Union itself will be loosened.
But the evil sure to follow, if this link were struck
out, must follow also in proportionate extent from
every interference with that perfect freedom of
transit through New Jersey which 1 now ask in
behalfofcommerce,passengers,mails,and troops.
Such is the geographical position of New Jer-
sey. And it is here on this highway of travel
that pernicious pretensions have been set up which
can be overthrown only by the power of Congress.
The case is plum.
New Jersey, in the exercise of pretended State
rights, has undertaken to invest the Camden and
Atnboy Railroad Company with unprecedented
prerogatives. These are the words of the Legis-
lature: " It shall not be lawful, at any time dur-
ing the said railroad charter, to construct any
other railroads m this State without the consent
of the said companies, which shall be intended or
used for the transportation of passengers or mer-
chandise betioeen the cities of Neio Yoi k and Phila-
delphia, or to compete in business with the rail-
road authorized by the act to which this supple-
ment is relative." (New Jersey Session Laws
for 1854, page 387.) Here, in barefaced terms,
is the grant of a monopoly in all railroad trans-
portation, whether of commerce, passengers,
mails, or troops, between JVeto York^ a city outside
of New Jersey, and Philadelphia, another city
outside of New'Jersey. Or, looking at this grant
of monopoly again, we shall find that while it
leaves the local transportation of New Jersey un-
touched, it undei takes to regulate ahd appropriate
the transportation between two great cities out-
side of New Jersey, constituting, from geograph-
ical position, the gates through which the whole
mighty movement, north and south, must pass.
If this monopoly is offensive on its face, it be-
comes still more offensive when we consider the
motive in which it had its origin. By the confes-
sion of its supporters, it was granted in order to
raise a revenue for the State out of men and busi-
ness not of the State. It was an ingenious devicc
to lux commerce, passengers, math, and troops
in their transit across New Jersey, from State to
State. Here is a confession, which will be found
in the legislative journal of New Jersey, as long
ago as 1841, in a document from the executive
committee of the coalesced railroads,represented
by the Camden and Amboy Company:
'• Tt ^eenis plain, ftom the acts incorporating these com-
paniesand the te.-tnnoiiy'Ot those best eonvei&ant with the
hiatoij ol their incorporations, that itvva& the pokey of the
State, taking advantage of the geographical positionof New
Jeisaj, between ilie Iaigestdtates and cities of the Union,Jo
cicatc a rc'temte by imposing tax or tiannt duty upon every
pei son who should pass on the raihoad across the State be-
tween those cities fiom the Delaware river to the itaritan
hay ; but that tt was not their design to impose any tax upon
citizens oi' their own State fbi traveling between interme-
diate places." * * * * "Here, again, the
policy and intention oftiie State i>< mo-.t clearly indicated tn
exempting her own eitizoiH trom the operation of this sys-
tem ot taxation."—Page'.29,
And here are the words of another functionary
equally fiank, belonging to the same railroad con-
nection:
"The compony believe that a careful consideration of
the whole matt^i, a-uell trom the provisions of the char-
ter a-4 fiom a lecuuence to the period when if w;w granted,
will pioduee the conviction that the haunt duty was in-
tondi d to he (<■ i icd only on citizcns of other States passing
through New Jeiscy
The spirit in which this tax has been laid will
appear from another incident which cannot be
without interest to the Senators from New York.
The Erie railroad, which is so important to trans-
portation in the great State which they represent
on this floor, has been compelled, in addition to
the usual tax on tha.t part of the road in New
Jersey, to pay an extra tax in the shape of "a
transit duty of three cents on every passenger and
two cents on every ton of goods, wares, and mer-
chandise, except passengers and freight, transported
exclusively within this State.'* This imposition
was as late as 1862, and it is a part of that same
system which constitutes the railroad Usurpation
of New Jersey.
But the character of this Usurpation becomes
still more apparent in the conduct adopted toward
another railroad in New Jersey. It appears that
a succession of railroads has been ^constructed,
under charters of this State, from Raritan bay,
opposite New York, to Camden, opposite Phil-
adelphia, constituting a continuous line, suitable
for transportation, across New Jeisey and be-
tween the two great cities of New York and Phil-
adelphia. This continuous line is known as the
Raritan and Delaware Bay railroad. On the break-
ing out of the rebellion, when Washington was^
menaced by a wicked enemy, and the patriots of
the land were aroused to sudden efforts, the Quar-
termaster General of the United States directed
the transportation of troops, horses, baggage, and
munitions of war, from New York to Philadelphia
over this line. The other railroad, claiming a
monopoly, filed a bill in equity, praying that the
Raritan and Delaware Bay railroad "be decreed
to desist and refrain" from such transportation,
and also praying ii that an account may be taken
to ascertain the amount of damages." The coun-
sel of the monopoly openly insisted that, by this
transportation, the State was " robbed of her ten
cents a passenger;" and then cried out, " I say it
is no defense whatever if they have succeeded in
obtaining an order of the Secretary of War, when
ive call upon them to g ive -us the money they made by
it; and that is one of ourcalls. They have no right
to get an order to deprive the State of New Jersey
of the ri«;ht of transit duty, which if her adopted
policy." Such was the argumentof Mr. Stockton,
counsel for the monopoly, November 12, 1863.
The transit ditty is vindicated as the adopted policy
of New Jersey. Surely, in the face of such pre-
tensions, it was time that something should be
done by Congress.
Such, sir, are the pretensions of New Jersey
to interfere with commerce, passengers, mails,
and troops from other States, on their way, it may
be, to the national capital, even with necessary
succors at a moment of national peril. Such pre-
tensions, persistently maintained and vindicated,
constitute a Usurpation not only hostile to the
public interests, but menacing to the Union itself.
Here is no question of local taxation, or local
immunities, under State laws; but an open as-
sumption by a State to tax the commerce oT the
United States on its way from State.to State.
Prom the nature of the case, and according to
every rule of reason, there ought to be a remedy
for such a grievance. No usurping monopoly
ought to be allowed to establish itself in any State
across the national highway, and, like a baron of
the middle ages perched in his rocky fastness,
levy tolls and tribute from all the wayfarers of
business, pleasure, orduty. The nuisance should
be abated. The Usurpation should be over-
thrown. And happily the powers are ample under
the Constitution of the United States. Following
unquestionable principles and authentic prece-
dents, the committee have proposed a remedy
which I now proceed to discuss.
The hill under consideration was originally
introduced by me into the Senate. It was after-
ward adopted and passed by the other House as a
substitute for a kindred bill which was pending
there. Beyond the general interest which I take
in the public business, this is my special reason
for entering into this discussion.
The bill isarraigried ps unconstitutional. But
this objection is a common-place of opposition.
When all other reasons fail, then its the Consti-
tution invoked. Such an attempt on such an oc-
casion attests to my mind the weakness of the
cause. It is little better than the assertion of an
alias in a criminal case.
The entire and unimpeachable constitutionality
