APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21 ^
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Smith.
Ho. of Reps.
were not nor could they ever become equals, as-
sociates, companions; there could never exist the
same relations between them as did or might
,$nci would, continueto exist between thedifferent
classes of white men.
One of the surest elements of social relations,
that which brings men in closest contact, and
j£iperinduces freedom of thought, of speech,and
confidence, is the elective franchise. The pos-
session of property, the interchange of property,
, will no,t, does not, nor can it ever, produce this
result. The latter is merely a business transac-
tion, where dollars and cents are counted and
passed between them; there the matter ends. In
the former, under our system of government, the
relation never changes. AH offices, with but few
exceptions, are filled by popular vote; the people
mingle, and commingle, before and after the elec-
tion- The candidates must see the people, must
mix with them, must talk with them, eat, drink,
and laugh with them. This intercourse brings
necessarily the younger ones, the children, male
and female, in contact; the representative and the
constituent must be familiar and confidential with
one another. The judge and juror must feel the
"dignity of their places, and appreciate the majesty
of the law, and feel that they are equals in every
respect, and can sit at the same table, and that
their children can play together, and after a while
with propriety marry and intermarry.
This is true of all men who are white; the Irish-
man,the German, the Frenchman,the Pole, and all
others. There is no law, human or divine, which
forbids it; no repugnance to the feelings in such
intermixture; but with the black man it was not
intended. God has made him different; his nose,
his mouth, his eyes, his hair, his skin, indeed his
whole conformation, is so utterly opposed to the
white that not only the white man, but the black
man himself feels and knows that he was never
intended for any of these social or political rights.
If he has a right to vote for the law-maker, the
judge, the President, he has a right to become
President, judge, law-maker. In voting for these
various offices, and filling them, brings about, of
coursc, that very state of social equality and in-
termixing which I have before referred to, and
which I must believe is wrong, and cannot be
consented to by the American people.
But, says one, you make soldiers of them, and
should not a man who fights vote? Why do you
put the livery of the Union on his back, musket
in his hand, and send him to the field of battle,
expose him to death, wounds, and torture, and
yet deny him the gieat privilege of voting? I
answer, sir, we send him to assist in making his
race free, to help them out of slavery and bondage,
thatthey may be masters of their time, their labor,
and themselves. When this shall have been done
men should be satisfied; the black man will.
It has always been the law, and will always be
the case in a Christian and civilized country like
ours, that all men are protected in their property
and goods. If it is thought laws at present are
not stringent enough, that there is nut sufficient
security to the black man in his person, his life,
shis liberty, and his property, let us enact such as
will afiford'it. I assume Congress has no right to
.determine who shall be voters in any one of the
States; that is a right exclusively belonging to each
individual State. Pennsylvania may let every
sort of color vote; she has determined that ques-
tion, and her constitution declares that but
white men shall be entitled to suffrage. ' Ken-
tucky may amend her constitution, and allow all
colors to vote if she chooses, and Pennsylvania
nor any other State has a right to say a word.
Congress has no power, no right, and it would
be wrong to assume any such authority. This
question must be left alone to the States.
' When Arkansas and these other rebellious
States have, by the assistance of the Government,
thrown off the rebellion, repealed all their trea-
sonable and obnoxious laws, they may amend
their fundamental'law to suit themselves, they
may or may not allow the black man to vote. If
they do not desire it, we should not require them
to do it. Above all, sir, would it be evidently un-
wise and wrong for'us to legislate on'this subject
when the Union people of those Spates are not
represented here, when the men they have sent
here to v/atch their interest and speak for them
are not allowed to take their seats, nor to open
their rnouthsjupon any subject.
Party, party interest, party aggrandizement,
not patriotism, is the ruling passion of some, 1
fear of too many. Our country is not bounded by
the border slave States; the Atlantic, the Pacific,
the Gulf of Mexico,are alone our boundary lines.
Our flag has and it must again wave over all this
territory in triumph and peace.
I beseech gentlemen to rise higher than party;
possess, encourage, and practice enlarged and
patriotic views. And here let mc borrow a short
paragraph and read it to the House, which ex-
presses in more beautiful and eloquent language
my own feelings than I am able to employ:
"The love of that which we call country is among the
highest and noblest passions of the soul. The love that
kindles into joyful enthusiasm at the sight of the national
symbol, that feels, personally, every insult offered to its
object, thatburns brightest in absence, that is full of chiv-
alry and bravery and self-devotion, that sacrifices itself on
baule-flelds, and counts such sacrifice a joy, a glory, that
lives even after country is lost, and passes down through
many generations as a precious inheritance; this, if not
religion, in one of its forms of manifestation, is certainly
its next of km. lutleed, there is something of every love,
aud of all love, in patriotism. Country is the-patriot's mis-
t^ss, his father and ins mother, his brother and his sister,
his home, his teacher, his l'riend, his treasure; the store-
house into which he garners all his affections, heavenly
and human—all his interest, aspirations,hopes; and when
necessity demands it, he turns his lace and feet from mis-
tress, lather, mother, brother, sister, home, friend, and
treasure, and gives himself to his country in obedience to
motives that are hardly to be distinguished fiom the high-
est religious feelings and convictions which his bosom
holds. I think it would be hard to tell where, in the sub-
limer walks of the sou}, patriotism leaves off and religion
begins. In many of its humbler manifestations patriotism
doubtless halts this side of heaven; but when it becomes
sacrificial, its incense curls around the pillars of the eter-
nal throne."
It is to such patriotic feelings as this, it is to
those_ who possess such high and noble senti-
ments that tins country is to look for safety, sal-
vation, and perpetuity. The politician, the mere
partisan,he who works for self-advancement, who
looks at his country from such a stand-point, is
not a safe man, cannot be trusted in times like
these. In all these States South are thousands
of such patriots as just referred to by me; they
are our friends, the friends of this glorious Gov-
ernment. The patriotic mother of the North has
given her noble son to the Union, and with his
musket he has met and marched in the same
ranks, fought in the same battle, and died on the
same field with the sons of southern mothers
who were as devotedly attached to the Union as
the mother of the North. We cannot, we will
not surrender that land, that glorious, that gallant
people. All that soil has been made sacred, all
those true people have endeared themselves to
every patriot.
*( Is there a spot on earth more dear
To him who loves o'er worth to weep,
A grave more worthy of a tear,
Than where the soldier's ashes sleep ?
" What though no marble decks his tomb,
And lone and lowly be his bed,
Yet there the sweetest flowers shall bloom,
There spiing her greenest mantle spread.
« Forever hallowed be the spot
Where he doth rest in calm repose,
By ftiends and country ne'er forgot,
Revered and honored e'en by toes.
" Oft from the sod that decks his grave
Shall lingering beauty dash the dew,
Oft chant a requiem to the brave,
And garlands o'er the green turf strew."
Mr. Speaker, we lo ved our country before this
war began; at least 1 hope there are but few ex-
ceptions; but, sir, all patriots feel that it is dearer
to them now than it ever was before. The coun-
try, ,the American Government, the United States,
its freedom, its independence, the perfect security
of its citizens in "life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness," is their thought by night, by day,
and their constant prayer. Shall not we who
have the power, and can bring about this glorious
result, do our utmost, ren.ew our energies, in-
crease our means, and pluclj from the grasp of
tyranny, despotism, and treason, the people who
have held out their hands to us, given us their
aid, their comfort, and sympathy? What is called
patriotism in many places, by many persons, is
a cheap commodity. There has been no war
among the'mi no oppression, no robbery, po
crime, no arson, no murder. Men, women, and
children, because they have loved the Constitu-
tion and Government have not been deprived of
home, of liberty, of property, and life, in many
of the localities of gentlemen on this floor. But,
sir, go with me to these States further South—no
tongue can express it; no mind can conceive of
it; no heart scarcely could bear it; naked, hun-
gry, thirsty, have they been driven from home;
the men conscripted, the husband, father, and
brother forced at the point of the bayonet and
hunted down by bloodhounds, tied and compelled
to bear arms against their flag, their homes and
families. Many have made refuge within our
lines. They, too, come weary, worn, naked,and
heart-broken. They desire once more, and that
soon, to return to their old homes, the place of
their birth. Whatever of desolation thereisthere,
however much the beauty of the country has been
effaced, they love that old home still; their feel-
ings and affections linger around it. They want
to be there, with that home in the Union, that flag,
the emblem of their liberty over them, the Con-
stitution their first and guiding law. Letushelp
them; let us be lenient toward them, kind, affec-
tionate; remember it might have been otherwise,
and then how happy the rule wtrnld apply, " Do
unto others as you would others should do unto
you."
This war might have been conducted on north-
ern ground. Many hard battles have been fought
in northern States; many more may yet be fought
on similar soil—some further North. The war is
not yet over; there is a large army in the field
against the Union. They are a brave and des-
perate people, and will not surrender, in my judg-
ment, until the armies are whipped, scattered, and
utterly demoralized. Let us then make friends
inall theseStates. Give protection, comfort, and
encouragement to all Union people by our legis-
lation, speeches, votes, and action. Make them
feel they are again in the Union, or rather that
they are redeemed from rebellion. Make friends
of our quasi enemies; weaken the enemy, the re-
bellion, the confederacy, every way we can, and
strengthen ourselves.
Will the adoption of the measures in tjjis bill
incite kind and warm feelings toward the Gov-
ernment, or will they not rather dishearten, dis-
courage, and weaken them? Your armies have
been for three years in occupancy of Louisiana,
Arkansas, and Tennessee. The two former States
have reorganized their governments; they have
elected Governors, judges, members of the Legis-
lature, and sent Representatives to Congress.
What is wrong in the matter? Wherein do their
laws, constitutional or statutory, differ from that
principle of justice and right making each one
conform to a " republican form of government?"
In no respect whatever. Pass this bill, and the
elections will be conducted hereafter just as they
have been heretofore. The same people will vote,
probably the same men be returned to Congress.
Now, then, what have we gained? What more
security for the loyalty and good conduct of these
people than we have now? I admit I can see
none. Now is the time to acjt; now is the time
to meet these people; now is the time to exhibit
to them what we have so often promised and
must eventually do.
They have been told the northern men were
their friends, would stand by them in the reor-
ganization of their State governments. In good
faith have they gone on to do this thing. They
come here with constitution, statutes, in the hands
of Union men, true men, those who have never
bowed the knee to Baal; they knock at yourdoor
after your invitation; they stand, cold, shivering,
hungry, naked, bleeding, and you keep the door
closed, turn a deaf ear to their appeals, and they
must turn away sorrowful. Where are they to
go, to whom are they to look for succor and aid
m this hour of need? Sir, this Congress is doing
a great wrong, a wrong to itself, to the country,
and especially this down-trodden, persecuted,and
suffering people. God will not bless a people un-
less they are just and practice those high and
noble principles of eternal justice and Christianity
which were given us by the Saviour of the world.
If the hungry come to yon, feed them; the thirsty,
give them drink; the naked, clothe them; the
suffering and oppressed, relieve them.
tfivp up this narrow, contracted patriotism and
