"792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Febauary 14,
has nothing to do with the point. But if it had, it is favor-
able to the power." *******
" But surely it will not be protended that Congress could
not erect a fort or magazine in a place within a State un-
less the Stale should cede the territory. The only effect
would be that the jurisdiction in such a case would not be
exclusive. Suppose a Slate should prohibit a sale of any of
the lands within its boundaries by its own citizens, for any
public purposes Indispensable for the Union, either military
or civil, would not Congress possess a constitutional right
to demand and appropriate land within the State for such
purposes, making a just compensation? Exclusive jurisdic-
tion o ver a road is one thing ; the right to make it is quite an-
other. A turnpike company may be authorized to make a
road, and yet may have no jurisdiction, or at least no ex-
clusivejurisdictioiijQVerit."—2 Story on Constitution, sec,
1146.
Had the distinguished commentatoranticipated
the argument of the Senator from Maryland, he
could not have answered it more completely.
Passing from these constitutional generalities
the Senator came at once to an assumption, which,
if it were sustained, would limit essentially the
power of Congress with regard to post roads.
According to him the words of the Constitution
authorizing Congress " to establish post roads,"
mean only that it shall designate roads already
existing*, and in support of this assumption he
relied upon the message of Mr. Monroe in 1822,
on the Cumberland road. The learned Senator
adds that this is " the received opinion uniformly
acted upon and since recognized as the correct
opinion by the judiciary." Of course his testi-
mony on this point is important*, but it is over-
ruled at once by the authority I have already
cited, which says that ii the power to establish
post offices and post roads has never been under-
stood to include no more than the power to point
out and designate post officcs and post roads."
(Story's Commentaries, vol. 2,sec. 1136.) In the
face of Mr. Justice Story's dissent, expressed in
his authoritative Commentaries, it is impossible
to say that it is " the received opinion," as has
been asserted by the Senator. But the learned com-
mentator insists that " the Constitution itself uni-
formlyuses the wordestob/kAin the general sense
and never in this peculiar and narrow sense,"
and after enumerating various places where it oc-
curs, says, " it is plain that to construe the word
in any of these cases as equivalent to designate or
point out would be absolutely absurd. The clear
import of the word is to create and form and fix
in a settled manner." " Toestablish postoflices
and post roads is to frame and pass laws, to
erect, make, form, regulate, and preserve them.
Whatever is necessary, whatever is appropriate
to this purpose, is within the power." (Ibid., sec.
3131.) I mightquote other words from the same
authority; but this is enough to vindicate the
power which the Senator has denied.
But here it is my duty to remind the Senate that
the argument of the Senator from Maryland on
this head is not only false in its assumption, but
that the assumption, even if correct, is entirely
inapplicable on the present occasion. The bill
now before the Senate does not undertake to cre-
ate, but simply to designate or point out, certain
roads. Therefore it does not fall under the ob-
jection which the Senator has adduced. Even by
Jus own admission it is constitutional.
But the Senator, not content with an erroneous
.assumptionconcerning post roads, which,even if
correct, is entirely inapplicable, made another as-
sumption concerning another clause of the Con-
stitution which was equally erroneous and inap-
plicable. The Senator argued that the railroad
charters in New Jersey were grants in the nature
of a contract, and that they were protected by " the
constitutional inhibition upon States interfering
■with contracts;" and here he referred to several
decisions of the Supreme Couit of the United
States. I do not trouble you with the decisions.
It will be enough if I call attention to the precise
text of the Constitution, which is: " JVb State
shall pass any law impairing the obligation of con-
tracts. "
Look at these words, and it appears, in the
first place, that this prohibition is addressed to the
States and not to Congress, whose powers are not
touched by it. Look still further at the railroad
charters, and even admit that they were grants in
the nature ofacontract; butyoucannotdeny that
the contract must beinterpreted with reference to
the Constitution of the United States. Learned
judges have held that the law of the place where
a contract is made not only regulates and governs
it, but constitutes apart of the contract itself. (Stur-
gis vs. Crowninshield, 4 Wheat. 122.) But if the
law constitutes a part of the contract, still more
must the Constitution. Apply this principle and
the case is clear. Every railroad charter has
been framed subject to the exercise of the ac-
knowledged powers of Congress, all of which are
implied in the grant as essential conditions, not
less than if they were set forth expressly. The
Supreme Court has decided that " all contracts
are made subject to the right of eminent domain,
so that they cannot be considered as violated by
the exercise of this right." (The West River
Bridge vs. Dix, 6 Howard, 507.) But the pow-
ers of Congress, invoked on the present occasion
to regulate commerce among the several States,
to establish post roads, and to raise and equip
armies, are in the nature of an eminent domain, to
which all local charters are subject. Therefore,
I repeat again, nothing is proposed "impairing
the obligation of a contract," even if that well-
known prohibition were applicable to Congress.
From these details of criticism the Senator
jumped to a broader proposition. He asserted
that the pending measure was destructive of the
sovereignty of the States, and heeven went so far
as to say that it was the same as if you said that
all State legislation is null and void. These,sir,
were his exact words. How the Senator, even
in any ardor of advocacy,could have ventured on
this assumption, it is difficult to comprehend.
Here is a measure, which,as I have already dem-
onstrated, is founded on three different texts of
the Constitution, which is upheld by three unas-
sailable supports, and which is in essential har-
mony with the Union itself; and yet we are told
that it is destructive of the sovereignty of the
States. Such an assumption seems uttered in the
very wiidness of unhesitating advocacy. If it is
anything but a phrase,it must be condemned, not
only as without foundation, but as hostile to the
best interests of the country.
Sir, the pending measure is in no respect de-
structive of the sovereignty of the States; nor
does it in any sense say that all State legislation
is null and void. On the contrary, it simply as-
serts a plain -and unquestionable power under the
Constitution of the United States. If in any way
it seems to touch what is invoked as State sover-
eignty, or to set aside any State legislation, it is
only in pursuance of the Constitution. It is
simply because the Constitution, and the laws
made in pursuance thereof, arethe supreme law of
the land.
But the assumptions of the Senator bring me
back to the vital principle with which I began.
After exhibiting the public convenience involved
in the present question, I said that it concerned
still more the unity of the Republic. It is in short
that identical question, which has so often entered
this Chamber, and which is now convulsing this
land with bloody war. It is the question of the
Union itself. In his ardor for that vampire mo-
nopoly which, brooding over New Jersey, sucks
the life-blood of the whole country, the Senator
from Maryland sets up most dangerous preten-
sions in the name of State rights. Sir, the Sen-
ator flings into one scale the pretensions of State
rights. Into the other scale 1 fling the Union
itself.
Sir, the Senator from Maryland is a prac-
ticed lawyer, and he cannot have forgotten that
Nathan l)ane, whose name is an authority in
our courts, tells us plainly that the terms " sov-
ereign States," "State sovereignty," "State
; rights," and " rights of States," ore not consti-
tutional expressions. Others of equal weight
in the early history of the country have said
the same thing. Mr. Madison,in the Convention
which framed the Constitution, said," Some con-
tend that States are sovereign, when, in fact,
they are only political societies. The States never
possessed the essential rightofsovereignty. These
were always vested in Congress." Elbridge Gerry
of Massachusetts, in the same Convention, said:
" It appears to me that the States never were in-
dependent. They had only corporate rights."
General Pinckney, of South Carolina, said: " I
hold it for a fundamental point, that an individ-
ual independence of the States is utterly irrec-
oncilable with the idea of an aggregate sover-
eignty." (Madison Papers, page 631.) Both
Patrick Henry and George Mason, in the Vir-
ginia convention, opposed the Constitution on
the very ground that it superseded State rights.
But, perhaps, the true intention of the authors of
the Constitution may be best found in the letter
of General Washington, as Presidentof the Con-
vention, transmitting it to Congress. Here are
his words:
"Itis obviously impracticable in the Federal Govern-
*mentof these States to secure all rights of independent sov-
ereignty to each, and yet provide lor the safety of all. In-
dividuals entering into society must give up a share of
liberty to pie«serve the rest." * * * * ^nall
our deliberations we kept steadily in view that which ap-
pears to us the greatest interest of every true American—
the consolidation or our Union—in which is involved
our prosperity, safety, perhaps our national existence.
" GEOUGE WASHINGTON."
I content myself on this head when I find my-
self with the support of this great name.
By the adoption of the Constitution the people
of the United States constituted themselves a ?ta-
tion, one and indivisible, with all the unity and
power of a nation. They were no longer a con-
federation, subject to the disturbing pretensions,
prejudices, and whims of its component parts,
but they became a body-politic, where every pari
was subordinate to the Constitution, as every
part of the natural body is subordinate to the
principle of life. The sovereignty then and there
established was the sovereignty of the United
States, where the States were only " parts of one
stupendous whole." The powers then and there
conferred upon the nation were supreme. And it
is those very powers which I now invoke, in the
name of the Union, and to the end that preten-
sions in the name of State rights may be over-
thrown.
I have already presented a picture of these in-
tolerable pretensions. But they must be exam-
ined more minutely. They may be seen, first,
in their character as a monopoly; and, secondly,
in their character as a Usurpation under the Con-
stitution of the United States. I need not say
that in each they are equally indefensible.
If you go back to the earliest days of English
history, you will find that monopolies have from
the beginning been odious, as contiary to the
ancient and fundamental laws of the realm. A
writer, who is often quoted in the courts, says:
" Monopolies by common law are void, as being
against the freedom of trade and discouraging labor
and industry,and putting it in the powerof partic-
ular persons to set what prices they please on a
commodity." (Hawkins's Pleas of Crown, vol.
1.) But without claiming that the present monop-
oly is void at common law, it is enough to show
its inconsistency with the Constitution. And
here 1 borrow Mr. Webster's language in his
famous argument against the monopoly of steam
navigation granted by the State of New York, as
follows:
"Now I think it very reasonable to say that th? Consti-
tution never intended to leave with the States the power of
granting monopolies either of trade or of navigation; and
therefore, that as to this, the commercial power is exclu-
sively m Congress."
Then again he says:
" I insist that the nature of the case and of the power did
imperatively require that such impottant authority a? that
of granting monopolies of trade and navigation should not
be considered as still retained by the States.'9
And then, again, he adduces an authority which
ought to be conclusive on the present occasion.
It is that of New Jersey at an earlier day:
" The New Jersey resolutions [on formine; the Constitu-
tion of the United States] complain th.it the regulation of
trade was within the power of the several States within
their separate jurisdiction, to such a degree as to involve
manydiffeulties and embarrassments ; and they express an
earnest opinion that the sole and exclusive power of 1 emulat-
ing ti ade ought to be with Congress
And yet, in the face of these principles we have
a gigantic monopoly organized by New Jersey,
composed of several confederate corporations,
whose capital massed together is said to amount
to more than $27,537,977—a capital not much in-
ferior to that of the United States Bank, which
once seemed to hold "divided empire" with the
national Government itself. Divisumimperiumcwn
Jove Cczsur habct. And this transcendent monop-
oly, thus vast in resources, undertakes to levy a
toll on the commerce, the passengers, the mails,
and the troops of the Union in their transit be-
tween two great cities, both of which are outside
of New Jersey. In its attitude and in its preten-
sion the grasping monopoly is not unlike A poll yon
in Pilgrim's Progress, whose usurpation is thus
described:
" But now in this Valley of Humiliation poor Christian
was hard put to it; for he had gone but a little way before
