1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lie espied a foul fiend coming over the field to meet him;
Ms name was Apollyon. Then did Christian begin to be
afraid, and to cast in his mind whether to go back or to
stand his ground." ******
"Now, the monster was hideous to behold; he was
clothed with scales like a fish, and they are hiss pride ; lie
had wings like a dragon, feet like a bear, and out of his
belly came fire and smoke, and his mouth was as the mouth
of a lion. When he was come up to Christian, he beheld
iiirn with a disdainful countenance, and ihus began toques-
tion him:
" Apollyon. Whence come you, and whither are you
bound?
" Christian. I am come from the city of Destruction,
which is the place of all evil, and am going to the city of
Zion.
" Apollyon. By this i perceive that thou art one of my
subjects; for all that country is mine, and I am the prince
and god of it.''
New Jersey is the Valley of Humiliation
through which all travelers north and south must
pass; and the monopoly, like Apollyon, claims
them all as" subjects," saying, "for all that coun-
try is mine, and I am the prince and god of it."
The enormity of this Usurpation maybe seen
in its natural consequences. New Jersey claims
the right to levy a tax for State revenue on pas-
sengers and freight in transit across her territory
from State to State; in other words, to levy a tax
on "commerce among the several States." Of
course the right to taxis the right to prohibit. The
same power which can exact "ten cents from
every passenger" according to the cry of the
Camden and Amboy railroad, by the voice of its
counsel, may exact ten dollars or any other sum,
and thus effectively close this great avenue of com-
munication.
But if New Jersey can play successfully this
game of taxation, ai.d compel tribute from the
domestic commerce of the Union as it traverses
her territory on the way from State to State, then
may every other State do likewise. New York,
with her central power, may build up an over-
shadowing monopoly and a boundless revenue,
while all the products and population of the West
traversing her territory on their way to the sea,
and all the products and population of the East,
with the contributions of foreign commerce, trav-
ersing her territory on their way to the West,are
compelled to pay tribute. Pennsylvania, holding
one of the great highways of the Union; Mary-
land, constituting an essential link in the chain
of communication with the national capital; Ohio,
spanning from lake to river, and forming a mighty
ligament of States, East and West; Indiana, en-
joying the same unsurpassed opportunities; Illi-
nois, girdled by States with all of which it is dove-
tailed by railroads east and west, north and south;
Kentucky, guarding the gates of the Southwest;
and finally, any one of the States on the long line
of the Pacific railroad may enter upon a similar
career of unscrupulous exaction until anarchy sits
supreme, and there are as many different tributes
as there are States. If the Union should continue
to exist, it would be only as a name. The na-
tional unity would be destroyed.
The taste of revenue is to a Government like
the taste of blood to a wild beast, quickening and
maddening the energies, so that it becomes too
deaf to all suggestions of injustice; and the diffi-
culties must increase where this taxation is en-
forced by a far-reaching monopoly. The State,
once tasting this blood, sees only an easy way of
obtaining the means it desires; and other States
will yield to the same temptation. The poet,
after picturing vice as a monster of frightful mien,
tells us in familiar words—
u Yet seen too oft, familiar with her face.
We fiist endure, then pity, tiien cmbrace."
A profitable Usurpation, like that of New Jer-
esy, would be a tempting example to otherStates.
" It is only the first step which costs." Let this
Usurpation be sanctioned by Congress, and you
hand over the domestic commerce of the Union to
a succession oflocal imposts. Each State will be a
tax gatherer at the expense of the Union. Each
State will play the part of Don Q,uixote,and the
Union will be Sancho Panza, compelled to receive
on his bare back the lashes which were the penance
of his master. If there be any single fruit of our
national unity* if there be any single clement
of the Union, if there be any single triumph of
the Constitution which may be placed above all
others, it is the freedom of commerce among the
States, under which thatyVee trade, which is the
aspiration of philosophers, is assured to all citi-
zens of the Union, as they circulate through our
whole broad country, without hinderatice from
any State. But this vital principle is now in jeop-
ardy.
Do not forget thatit is the tax imposed on com-
merce between New York and Philadelphia, two
cities outside of the State of New Jersey, which I
denounce. I have denounced it as hostile to the
Union. I denounce italsoas hostile to the spirit
of the age, which is everywhere overturning the
barriers of commerce. The robber castles, which
once compelled the payment of toll on the Rhine,
were long ago dismantled, and exist now only as
monuments of picturesque beauty. Kindred pre-
tensions in other places have been overthrown or
trampled out. The duties levied by Denmark on
all vessels passing through the Sound and the
Belts; the duties levied by Hanover on the goods
of all nations at Stade on the Elbe; the tolls ex-
acted on the Danube in its protracted course; the
tolls exacted by Holland on the busy waters of
the Scheldt, and all transit imposts within the
great Zoll-Veiein of Germany, have all been abol-
ished; and in this work of enfranchisement the
Government of the United Slates led the way, in-
sisting, in the words of President Pierce, in his
annual message, " on the right of free transit into
and from the Baltic." But the right of free transit
across the States of the Union is now assailed.
Strange that you should reach so far to secure free
transit in the Baltic and should hesitate in its de-
fense here at home!
Thank God ! within the bounds of the Union,
under the national Constitution,commerce is free.
As the open sea is the highway of nations, so is
this Union the highway of the States, with all their
commerce, and no State can claim any exclusive
property therein. The Union is a mare librum
beyond the power of any State; and not a mare
clausum, subject to as many tyrannies as there
are States. And yet the State of New Jersey
now asserts the power of closing a highway of
the Union.
Such a pretension, so irrational and destructive,
cannot be dealt with tenderly. Like the serpent,
it must be bruised on the head. Nor can there
be any delay. Every moment of life yielded to
such a Usurpation is like the concession once in
an evil hour yielded to nullification, which was
kindred in origin and character. The present
pretension of New Jersey belongs to the same
school with that abhorred and blood-bespattered
pretension of South Carolina.
Perhaps, sir, it is not unnatural that the doc-
trines of South Carolina on State rights should
obtain a shelter in New Jersey. Like seeks like.
There is a common bond among the sciences,
among the virtues, among the vices, and so, also,
among the monopolies. The monopoly which
was founded on the hideous pretension of prop-
erty in man obtained a responsive sympathy in
that other monopoly which was founded on the
greed of unjust taxation, and both were naturally
upheld in the name of State rights. Both must
be overthrown in the name of the Union. South
Carolina must cease to be a slave State; and so
must New Jersey. All hail to the genius of uni-
versal emancipation ! All hall to the Union, tri-
umphant over the Rebellion, tiiumphant also over
a Usurpation which menaces the unity of the Re-
public !
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, of course I am
not prepared with an elaborate answer to the pro-
found and critical speech that has just been made
on this subject, but there are a few common-sense
suggestions which I desire to make. In the first
place, let me say that the image, beautiful as it
was, appealing to every patriotic sentiment of
every man in the Senate, of the different inter-
ests that were represented here was very fine;
but I do not admit that it belongs entirely to the
side of the question which has been argued by
the Senator from Massachusetts. He represents
the Union and commerce and peace and all the
kindred arts as enlisted on one side, and monop-
oly on the other; and not content with the pro-
fundity of hisown suggestions he goes to thatold
English classic, the Pilgrim's Progress, t& illus-
trate the Heavenly City and the City of Destruc-
tion. Which he would represent as the City of
Destruction and which the Heavenly City, 1 do
not know; but I suppose from their names, Phil-
adelphia would represent the Heavenly City, and
New York must represent the other. [Laughter.] |
Mr. President, like the Senator from Massa- i
chusctts, I could draw a picturc,not so eloquent, I
but as truthful, representing the various interests
thatare contending here; and if I were -to do so I
migh t represent a railroad, a bad speculation, pay-
ing no dividends,nor even the intereston its-bonds;
its stock being worth nothing. I might represent
such a railroad, by the magic influence of this
act, short and simple as it is, raised to be one of
the best stocks in the market. That, I think,
would be as near the practical effect that would
be brought about (not to sajr designed) by this
bill as any which have been pictured by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. This would be the im-
mediate and the tangible effects: the Raritanand
Delaware Bay road, if that is the name of thecor-*
poration, would suddenly find themselves, from
being below a fancy stock, raised to a considera-
ble advance in the market; and, as one of the
newspapers which advocate this bill says that
there are at least twenty men in the Senate that
make speeches for money, the wicked world out-
side perhaps would stop to inquire which side
paid the most money.
Mr. President let me say that I want to put
down this rebellion; I want this Union to succeed,
I trust, with an ardor and a sincerity of convic-
tion not second even to that which animates the
Senator from Massachusetts; but when the war
is ove&, as 1 believe it will be, when the rebellion
is put down, as I have nodoubt itwill be; I want
there to be something left of the Constitution for
which we profess to be contending. I do not want
to strike giant blows at the rebellion which, when
they put that down shall annihilate the Constitu-
tion and all State rights, so that everything shall
be consolidated into one despotism, i undertake
to say that the right of controlling the railroads
within their own limits is one, notwithstanding
everything that has been said about it and a great
many decisions that have been had, that has been
always maintained, preserved, and protected by
the Legislatures and by the courts of the several
States, and by none more so than by the State of
Massachusetts. If you pass this bill you strike
a blow at the cherished policy of Massachusetts
to-day as it exists upon her statute-books and is
enforced by her judiciary.
It is easy to talk about the great rights of the
Union on this subject; but, sir, what is our his-
tory? What is the history of Massachusetts?
Let me take that State as an illustration. When
the people of New Hampshire and Maine go to
Boston, they generally go, at least from the east-
ern part of New Hampshire and all Maine, to
Boston over the Charles river bridge. At first
there was a ferry there. Massachusetts, from the
earliest period of her history up to the time when
the bridge was destroyed by the charter of a free
bridge there, exacted toll from everybody that
passed over, and those who passed over were
principally persons from Maine and New Hamp-
shire; and from the results of that toll she gave an
annuity, I think, of <£200 perannum to Cambridge
College. When the ferry was abrogated and a
toll bridge put up, the toll bridge was put there
on the express condition that the <£200 given to
Cambridge College should be collected and paid,
and it was paid until the bridge was destroyed by
an actof the Legislature putting up a free bridge.
Thus foryears the people ofNew Hampshire and
Maine were taxed by the State of Massachusetts
when they wanted to go to Boston, to help to sup-
port Cambridge College.
There is existing at this moment a still more
striking instance, and as it is a case which is par-
allel with the one before the Senate and illustrates
it exactly, I hope I may be pardoned if I dwell
on it atsomelength. The State of Massachusetts
on the 5th of June, 1830, passed an act charter-
ing a corporation called the Boston and Lowell
Railroad Company, with the powers usually in-
cident to such corporations, with the right to
charge toll, and all the privileges and emoluments
usually given, with this provision in the charter:
c£ Sec. 12. Beit further enacted, That no other railroad than
the out: hereby crcanul shall within tlmty years from and
at'ier the parage of tin-* act he authorized to be made lead-
ing from Boston, Oharie&town, or Cambridge, to Lowell, or
liom Boston. Chaih'stown, or Cambridge to any place
will) in five miles of the northern termination of the railroad
hereby authorized to be made."
The Boston and the Lowell railroad wasjustas
much a road leading from State to State as the rail-
road spoken of in New Jersey.
Mr. SUMNER. I am familiar with that road;
i am familiar with the bridges; they are all local;
