794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
there is no question of inter-State commerce that
was ever raised there or considered applicable.
Those roads do not go between two cities outside
of Massachusetts.
Mr. HALE. Let us see how that is. I know
that since this Administration has come into
power, m the distribution of Federal officers all
.New England has been considered as part of
Massachusetts, [laughter;] but I believe that is
not geographically or logically true. Concord,
New Hampshire, is outside of Massachusetts
geographically if not politically, and the railroad
from Boston to Lowell is a part of the road by
which a great portion of the travel goes to New
Hampshire, to northern Vermont,and to Canada;
and the connecting roads, I think, so manage
trade that freight can be put on at Boston,going
on the Boston and Lowell railroad, without being
broken or disturbed until it gets to Rouse's Point
in New York, near the Canada line. So that the
Boston and Lowell railroad is just as much a
road for the transit of travel from State to State
as any railroad in New Jersey.
The State of Massachusetts enacted by this pro-
vision that for thirty years all that travel should
go over the Boston and Lowell railroad,and that
there should be no other competing road created
within thirty years. By and by the Legislature
of Massachusetts chartered another railroad lead-
ing from Boston to Portland—that is outsude of
Massachusetts—called the Boston and Maine rail-
road, and that ran not exactly parallel, but di-
verging a little from the Boston and Lowell rail-
road. Subsequently the State of Massachusetts
passed another railroad charter for a road- run-
ning from Salem to Lowell, intersecting with the
Boston and Maine railroad, and thus made another
line to Lowell only about a mile and a half or a mile
and six tenths longer than the Boston and Lowell
railroad.* By this junction between the Boston and
Maine and the Salem and Lowell railroads anew
route was creatcd to Lowell, and passengers, of
course, began to go over it. In that state of things
the Boston and Lowell Railroad Company applied
to the supreme court of Massachusetts for an
order enjoining, prohibiting, and forbidding the
new railroad thus creatcd between Boston and
Lowell by the new route from carrying passen-
gers, upon the idea that it was in contravention
of the right before granted by the Massachusetts
Legislature to the Boston and Lowell Railioad
Company. The case is found reported in the
second volume of Gray's Reports at very con-
sideiahle length,and anybody who wants to hear
an answer to the argument of the Senator from
Massachusetts, by reading the decision in this
case,and the rest of the Pilgrim's Progress, which
is utterly at war with the doctrine he drew from
it, [laughter,] will find the answer to the speech.
And that, sir, is the law of Massachusetts to-day.
I know it,because the Boston and Maine railroad
runs thiough theoty in which I live, and the
people there are .somewhat interested in it; and
this source of revenue which that railroad had
from carrying passengers to Lowell was taken
away by the decision of the supreme court of
Massachusetts,and is the law there to-day.
Massachusetts has not been alone in this pol-
icy. It is essential to every State that it should
have the power to exercise this right. There is
the great State of New Yotk, what has been her
action ? She incorporated by aseues of acts what
is now known as the New York Central railroad,
leading from Albany to Buffalo, a distance of be-
tween ihreeand fourhundred miles. Thatroad was
prohibited from cairymg certain articles of mer-
chandise, I think wheat, one of the great neces-
saries of life—almost as necessary to life as paper,
[laughter,] except upon condition that a certain
toll was paid upon the wheat,and I think it was
a toll equal to the amount of the whole freight
received, to the Erie canal. That was the law of
New Yoik for a long time. It was a question of
policy for the State of New Yoik whether that
prohibition should bo continued or not; but I be-
lieve in al! the discussions that took place between
the advocates of the prohibition and those who
were for its repeal, it was never suggested that it
was a tiling with which Congicss had any right
to meddle, \uth which Congiess couid inteiteic,
in legald 10 which Congress had any right to ex-
ercise any power, but left it for the State of New
York to i-efde lor hej.xjlf, and to settle exclu-
sively us a question ailectnig ha own State policy.
If this matter is argued upon the ground of
military necessity, it seems that it is not wanted
there, because, according to the speech of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, the Geneial Govern-
ment have taken the right and have exercised it,
and the Raritan railroad have carried troops and
munitions of war for the Governmentof the Uni-
ted States. The Senator did not tell us what was
the result of that application made to the court to
compel them to account to the Camden and Ara-
boy railroad. Does the Senator know what it
was? The Senator from New Jersey thinks it
was not sustained, but it makes no odds whether
they were compelled to account or not; that was
a matter between two corporations in the State of
New Jersey, with which this General Govern-
ment have nothing to do. Whenever the Raritan
and Delaware Bay Railroad Company was wanted
for the transportation of troops or munitions of
war, the Government had it. The Secretary of
War ordered the troops to be conveyed in that
way, and they were conveyed; and whetherthey
by that invaded any of the rights of the Camden
and Amboy railroad for which they were com-
pelled to account, is a matter with which the
United States certainly have nothing to do, be-
cause the United States, with all their great pow-
ers, have not got to run a Quixotic expedition
into every State in the Union to see that equal
and exact justice is meted out by them to all their
citizens and all their corporations. Whenever a
State violates any grant or any right secured by
the Constitution of the Uniied States, then, and
not till then, have the United States a right to in-
terfere.
But what is this provision? The bill is very
brief in its character. It provides:
That every railroad company in theUmted States whose
road is operated by steam, its fcucce>sois> ami assigns, be,
and is heieby, authoiizrd to carry upon and ovoi its road,
connections, boat*, bridges, and femes, all fieight, prop-
el ty, mails, passengers, tioop-, and Government supplies
on then* way lrom any Htate to another State, and to le-
ceive compensation therefor.
I should have no sort of objection to this bill
ifitconfined itself to what its friends profess that
it is, and that is a bill to enable the Geneial Gov-
ernment to carry on and exercise the powers
which the Constitution confers upon it. I should
say that they should not only be authorized, but
compelled, to carry "all freight, property, mails,
passengers, troops, and Government supplies"
that are necessaiy and requisite for the General
Government to carry out the purposes for which
it was created, and to exercise the powers con-
ferred upon it by the Constitution; but it is man-
ifest this looks beyond that; it looks beyond the
public weal, beyond the public interest. It is not
the post office that is concerned; it is not the trans-
portation of troops, for that you have; it is not
any or all of these interests combined; but the
real gist of this bill is to raise the stock of a bank-
rupt corporation, to make it above par. That is
the whole of it, and we might just as well look it
in the face and call it by us right name as not.
That is to be the effect, and that is what the in-
terference of the General Government is invoked
for; and it is invoked, and its exercise is called
for, in a manner that will be utterly destructive
of every doctrine that has ever been heretofore
practiced upon in reference to coiporations created
by the States.
I know, sir, that there are certain general prop-
ositions which a widcand latitudmarmn construc-
tion of the Constitution may mo construe that there
shall not be a single thing which can be proposed
that Congress may not do. The "general wel-
fare" clause of the Constitution is familiar to all.
If somebody gets up and by some ingenious soph-
ism demonstrates that in his judgment a particu-
lar thing might be for the general welfare, these
broad constructionists may find that the Consti-
tution gives them the power to do that thing for
that reason.
Then there is the power to establish post offices
and post roads. If you want to establish a post
office or a post road, why not do so? Why not
say that all these companies shall be compelled
to carry the mail over their roads? Have they
ever refused to do so? Js there anything in the
provisions of the legislation of New Jersey that
piohibifs anyoftht.se railroads fi oni carrying the
inaii? if there be anything which prohibits their
carrying the troops of the United .States, you have
the evidence from the advocates of the bill that it
has been utterly disregarded by the Government
of the United States, and the Government has used
the Raritan road for that purpose, and has trans-
ported troops over it.
So you may take the power to regulate com-
merce with foreign nations and among the sevcial
States and with the Indian tribes, and that may
be carried to an indefinite extent. If that author-
izes the interference proposed by this bill with
every railroad in the United Slates, it is difficult
to conceive anything that it would not reach; it
would reach every thing and swallow up every
power that has been heretofore supposed to be
vested in the States, and would leave nothing to
the States, but make this a consolidated Govern-
ment.
Mr. President, it may well be asked, if this be
a power residing in the General Government, why
in the whole history of the States and the Union
has it not been invoked before ? During the whole
history of this Camden and Amboy monopoly,
jvhy has not the power of Congress been invoked
until this time? Why was it not invoked in the State
of Massachusetts ? Why has it notbeen invoked
in New Yoik? Why was it not invoked some-
where else? Why, until the Raritan and Del-
aware Bay Railroad Company found that they
had sunk thousands and hundreds of thousands
in their road, and it was a losing concern, that
they could not pay dividends on their stock or
interest on their bonds, did not these patriotic
gentlemen, governed by these public interests,
these high motives, these great considerations
relating to the Union, enlist the eloquence of my
leai ned friend from Massachusetts to come in here
with grandiloquent paeans in praise of the Union,
and to excite public sentimentand public opinion
in favor of the Union  
Mr. SUMNER. How have they "enlisted"
me?
Mr. HALE. Why, Mr. President, in a hun-
dred ways. They enlisted him by articles in the
New York Tribune, [laughter;] they unlisted him
by various articles scattered all over the country;
they enlisted him by all the ways and means by
which men that have a selfish and a private ob-
ject to effect appeal to great objects, high consid-
erations, and moral sentiments, and thus operate
upon the judgment and the sympathies of the
generous, the impulsive, and the unreflecting.
[Laughter.] That is the way they enlisted him.
Mr. President, as I said before, I have not
examined this measure in detail, though I have
thought upon it somewhat. I should deprecate
as one of the gieatest evils that could grow out of
our present controversy if we should deem it
necessary to stretch forth our hand in this way
and usurp to ourselves the control of all the lail-
roads and other corporations in the United States;
for the bill not only applies to railroads but to
boats, bt idges, femes,every thing—all cue bi ought
by one sweep, by the operation of this small bill,
within the scope of Fedeial authority, Federal
jui isdiction.
Mr. President, I have not been one of those who
have been loud or strenuous or persevering in the
assertion of the rights of the States; but I believe
that the existence of the States and the proper
preservation of State sovereignty, State rights,
and State power are as necessary to the suc-
cessful operation of the system of our Govern-
ment as the Union; and if one or the other is to
be destroyed, it had better be the Union than the
States, because if the Union is destroyed and the
States left, we then have civil government and
institutions left for recuperating and icconstruct-
ing a Union; but if the States are destroyed and
all swallowed up in one military despotism, there
is nothing left, there is no nucleus around which
the friends office institutions may rally 
Mr.HOWARD. You speak only for yourself.
Mr. HALE. I am not in the habit of speaking
for anybody on earth but myself; but [ trust the
sentiment I have just expiessed commends itself
to the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD. No.
Mr. HALE. It certainly doe"& to me; but I
trust the time wiil never come when either the
Senator or myself will have to choose either hoin
of that dilemma. The piospenty of the country
depends upon the pieset vation of the just powejs
of each, and not encroaching on the other. We
are in tins rebellion mainly and principally owing
to the encroachments of the States 011 the Union.
