m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
38th Con<j....2d Sess.
Loan Bill—Mr. Ward.
Ho. op Eeps.
ures of Congress, however, seem to be still more
wedded to the folly of an almostexclusive reliance
©n loans. The crude notion that banking capi-
tal.is national wealth; that the multiplication of
paper money is the increase of riches; that a well-
ordered system of credit is dependent upon and
necessarily must be blended with an inordinate,un-
jconttollable power to issue a fictitious circulating
medium more subject to ebbs and floods than the
ever-changing tides, all, all, have had their day.
The fruits they have borne have disrobed thera
of the sophistries which deluded and the mys-
^ teries which passed for wisdom. Mankind has
read the nature of their propensities in the public
and private misfortunes which they have entailed
upon the country and the people. Their true
character has been seen in the spirit of reckless-
ness and dishonesty which they have nurtured,
and the mental vision of the political economist,
the farmer,and the mechanic, is no longer obscured
by these cunningly-devised schemes for deceiving
the people. I have the satisfaction, sir, of having
Jived through the time of their recent origin,prog-
ress, and power, and I trust will live until their
downfall; of having, in all their phases, met them
as a determined foe, held them to be intrinsically
incapable of good and dangerously mischievous.
Talents that, well directed, might have been en-
vied, have served with devotion in efforts to up-
hold them. But 1 hope these, nnd all false appeals
to prejudice, to nvance, and to the baser passions,
will prove unavailing to prevent the triumph of
truth over error.
The unusual degree of liveliness which that
sedate article of commodity, gold, has exhibited
during the war is generally conceded not to be
the effect of any additional degree of wholesome
vigor which the metal in question has acquired,
but is rather to be attributed to the distended and
feverish condition, not of itself, butof the arteries
of trade in which it circulates; in fact that it is not
the gold which has proved changing in its rela-
tions to other things, but other things which have
become locomotive, changing their relation to the
" gold.
The final cause of this phenomenon is doubtless
chargeable to the extraordinary increase which
has taken place in our paper currency. The first
effect of such ail increase is to create an advance
in the price of every article of traffic or desire.
The next is, through the failure of public con-
fidence in the ultimate value of the circulating
medium, that ail values become unsettled. The
market grows subject to panics. Prices rush up-
ward and downward without any apparent rea-
son. Speculation takes the place of trade, and
xnen, conscious that a collapse is coming, rush in
to take advantage of the disturbed state of things,
and thereby increase the excitement and precip-
itate the catastrophe.
The paper money now in circulation is about
$9OO,OO0,UOO in the aggregate; of this $600,000,000
is in legal tenders and postal currency, and over
$250,000,000 in notes of local and national banks.
As if not contented with the enormous power to
issue paper which the liberality of Congress and
his own mechanical facilities supplied, Mr. Chase,
the late Secretary of the Treasury, as the crown-
ing act of his policy, gave origin to a scheme Ibr
filling the cities of the country with subordinate
establishments whose function was to be to emit
their paper as fast as possible, and which, so far
as they have been organized, are industriously at
work to answer the end of their creation, it is
not difficult to see now that we are reaching the
only result which such a policy was capable to
produce,in a universal inflation of prices, a gen-
eral dissipation of confidence, rapid and intense
fluctuation in market value, and in those panics
by which a universal collapse is always pre-
ceded. Some of my friends on the other side of
the House, who looked on tranquilly at the time
the mischief was being done, have now become
alarmed, and call for a suspension of the issues
of the national banks and for measures against
State banks which shall in their operations be
equivalent to the extinguishment of those institu-
tioxis. Asia the case with all panic-stricken peo-
ple, they want now to run from the point of ex-
treme inflation to that of extreme compression,
ami sinister a course of heroic remedies which
may cure the disease at the expense of what little
life remains in the patient.
That Mr. Chase did in the details of his finan-
cial system commit mistakes which are destined
in their effects to add severity to the impending
catastrophe and hinder the process of recovery is
undeniable; but the principle of his system was
prescribed to him by the circumstances, and he
could not alter it. He was counseled to emit
paper money, knowing that the issue would in-
duce inflation, and inflation collapse, or submit
to an immediate bankruptcy which would have
stopped the war. The Government had no credit,
and therefore could not borrow; and tallc as you
may now about taxation, and it is the only remedy
in the present emergency of the country—taxa-
tion would, had it been pursued to the extent to
meet accruing expenses, have brought on a pop-
ular reaction which would either have put an end
to hostilities or brought on a revolution.
Mr. Nathan Appleton, one of the ablest finan-
ciers of ihe present century, maintained that an
expansion of the currency tends to an advance of
priccs, excites commercial enterprise, and finally
speculation and overtrade. High prices encour-
age importation and discourage exportation; a rise
in the foreign exchange follows, which causes an
export of specie, which acts as a corrective by
compelling the banks to call in a portion of their
issues. This is done by lesseningor suspending
their usual discounts. Here is action and reac-
tion, very beautiful, and all very agreeable to the
public, except the last part of the process. A con-
traction of the currency causes a contraction of
the money market, reduces prices, paralyzes trade,
brings on failures. This is all very disagreeable—
it makes what is called hard times. But in fact
it is always a return from a false position to a
true one; it is never necessary to diminish a cur-
rency which has not been redundant. The vio-
lence of the pressure is always in proportion to
the extent of the overtrade; and generally the
more violent the pressure the shorter the pe-
riod.
^ The incalculable evils of that frequent fluctua-
tion to which the elasticity of paper money neces-
sarily subjects any currency of which it forms a
largo proportion, must be fully admitted; its con-
stant tendency to expansion, the effect of this in
the rise of priccs, and the excitement of the spirit
of speculation; the next consequence in over-
throwing the just, natural balance between impor-
tation and exportation, discouraging the latter
and stimulating the former; tl\e'necessary result
of this is the creation of a balance Of foreign debt,
with a rise of exchange and efflux of specie; the
consequent drain upon the banks, in whose vaults
alone it is to be found, and where it serves as the
basis of five times its own amount of bank paper
in circulation; with finally, the consequent reac-
tion, in a violent contraction of the currency,
pressure upon the money market, suffering of the
community, commercial bankruptcies, derange-
ment of the measure of all outstanding contracts,
distress, dishonesty, demoralization, and a wide
and far ramification of evil effects, extending
throughout the whole political and social system,
which no effort of calculation could even attempt
to follow. The greatest folly which the madness
of the hour has engendered is the supposition
that national banks can equalize exchange. The
expense of exchange must be borne by the debt-
ors in the debtor part of the country, and every
attempt to give a different direction to it will be
baffled. Gallatin observes:
The great inequality and fluctuations of the domestic
exchanges, so far as they arc the fault ot depreciated cur-
lencies, cannot he jemedied by a national bank, as long
as they continue to be the local circulating medium. After
that evif^hdifbave been lemovcd by a resumption of specie
payment,a#e bank cannot and ought not to interfere any
further tnan as purchasers and sellers of exchange and
dialts in the same manner as other dealers. But it is a
great mistake to suppose that it can afford .igenerally uni-
form currency, or one which shall at the same time be of
the same value in all places. This is to confound exchange
and currency. The fluctuations in the rate oi exchange,
like those in the market price of commodities, depend on
the relative amount of su pply and demand, and these again
on the relative indebtedness and actual means of making
remittances. A national bank may find it possible and
convenient to give occasional facilities in that respect, but
it can no more issue a currency, necessarily payable, at the
option of the holder* in several places, than a merchant
can bind himself to be ready to pay a debt at five or six
different places, at the option of lus auditor, without
notice."
With equal effect does Mr. Appleton show the
fallacy of the idea so commonly entertained by
the friends of a national bank, of its utility as a
regulator of the currency. He shows how Tar
from truth is the assumption, usually made in irg
behalf, that it was by the establishment of the
United States Bank that the currency was iesto e<J
after the war; and presenting aMapid outline or
sketch of its history, he provi-s what he asserts,
namely, that u as a regulator of the cunency its
success was notremarkable."
I have thus endeavored to prove, sir, that there
are serious objections to the establishment of
banks of the magnitude and power necessary to
the regulation of ihe currency. In the first place
such a power is wholly at variance with the spirit
of our institutions, which are founded upon the
principle of free competition, of action and re-
action among equals. A great central power, in-
dependent of the General or State Governments is
an anomaly in our system. Such a power over
the currency is the most tremendous which can
be established. Without the assurance that it will
be managed by men free from the common im-
perfections of human nature, we are safer with-
out it. Under a system of free competition, if
one bank or one city go wrong, the evil is soon
rectified. The laws of trade, left to themselves,
will soon cure the evils of individual misconduct
or speculation. But if the regulator itself goes
wrong, there is no remedy, or none without a
convulsion.
In estimating the probable public debt, interest,
expenses of the Government, &c., at the close of
the war, I stated in the last session of the House,
as follows:
" We may be sure that we cannot compel a population
numbering eight millions, and equaling ourselves in cour-
age, determination, and all the essential elements 01 mili-
tary character and power, to submit to the absolute con-
trol of our Government unless we have a standing army
of at least three hundred thousand men. At sea we shall
need a force quite as poweil'ui as at present. Oui civil
list will be increased by the large number of officials neces-
sary to collect the additional revenue required for the sup-
port of the Army and Navy. I endeavor to estimate, on'
the most moderate basis, the amount of our expenditure
when such a peace as is sought by the majority of this
House shall be attained. We blmll need annually, at,least,
for—
The War Department $300,000,000
The Navy Department  100,000,000
Interest on public debt, of say $3.000,000,000.. 180,000,000
Civii list, collection of revenue,'ioreign inter-
course, and miscellaneous  40,000,000
Interior, pensions, Indians, &c  25,000,000
Total f 645,000,000
"If the South should willingly return to the Union we
shall, at least, need an army of a hundred thousand men.
Taking this estimate and reducing the cost of the War De-
partment by two thirds, there will yet lemain the neces-
sity for a revenue of $450,000,000, to he paid by taxation
and duties."
I have seen no reason since to change the views
then expressed. The problem to be solved is
this—how to raise the required amount to sustain
the credit of the Government with the least pos-
sible injury to the operative, or non-capitahzed
classes, and with the slightest pressure on the in-
dustrial and commercial interests of the country.
If capital or wealth be taken as the standard of
taxation, the solution of the question will be easily
worked out, so far as respects material interests.
The chief intention of the war is the protection of
capital. But for the wealth of the country being
endangered in the event of the success of the re-
bellion, there would'have been no necessity for a
resort to hostilities; if therefore the war is waged
in the interest of capital, it is only natural justice
that capital should chiefly pay its cost. More-
over, the foundation of our national prosperity
rests on the remunerative character of the labor
of the lower classes, while the safety of o-ur po-
litical institutions lies in the contentment of that
class of population. Let the savings of the sin-
ewy masses be swallowed up in taxation,and the
growth of our wealth is arrested by a disease at
its root. Let the working people, that constitute
a large majority of the population, be taxed be-
yond their share in the material interests of the
country, and in paying the expenses of one revo-
lution we sow the seeds of another. The only
