1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
795
If we come out of this rebellion with an equal
usurpation on the part of the Union on the States,
we shall riot have gained much by the result.
I hope that this bill, and all bills of a similar char-
actergrowmg out of the supposed necessities of
the evil times in which we live, will not be passed
in this hour, and at this time, to make examples
and precedents for the coming future; butthatwe
shall vindicate our Constitution from the reproach
that was employed in a remark which was well
made by the distinguished legator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Collamer] at the last session of
Congress, in which lie said—lam notquotmghis
words, but his sentiment—that if the Constitu-
tion of the United States is not competent to deal
with the questions which are presented to us in
this controversy; if the Constitution does notcon-
fer ample power to enable us to deal with the ex-
isting iea.Iities which this struggle presents to us,
then our Government is a failure, and we have
failed.
Sir, 1 apprehend there never was a time in the
history of this Government, until the emergencies
of this war had operated on public opinion, when
a proposition like this would be tolerated — a
pioposition that goes at one swoop into all the
{States, and touches with the wand of Federal
power every corporation owning a railroad, a
biidge, a ferry-boat, or a canal, and subjects them
all to the sweeping jurisdiction of the Federal
Government. If the times have presented such a
necessity as that, then I may say, and I will say,
on the authority of the distinguished Senatorfrom
Vermont, that the Government is a failure; it has
failed; and it lias failed because it was necessary
or adjudged necessary by those who administered
the Government to trench upon those rights
which heretofore have always been considered as
belonging exclusively to the States.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I move that the further
oonsideiation of this bill be postponed" until Fii-
day next at one o'clock. I understand it is prob-
able that several Senators may speak upon it,
perhaps on both sides of the question, and 1 do
not know but that I shall say something myself
on this subject, inasmuch as direct allusion has
been made to my State pretty significantly, and
inasmuch as the people of that State are directly
interested in this question. I move a postpone-
ment until Friday at one o'clock, for the reason
that I understand the death of our colleague, the
Senator from Maryland, is to be announced to-
morrow.
Mr. CHANDLER. I suggest Thursday.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. Yes; i mean Thursday.
Mr. WILSON. Befoie the motion is put, I
desire to offer an amendment to the bill as a second
section, which I should like to have read.
TheSecretary read the amendment, as follows:
Jlnd be it further cnactcd, That no citizen of the United
States ?i>all be excluded (join travel upon any railroad or
navigable water within the United States on account of
or bv lea-on of any State law oi municipal ordinance, or
of any mle. regulation, oi u^ijie of any corporation, com-
pany,''oi poison whalevei; and all citizens of the United
States thai! be subject and amenable to the fame laws,
lobulations, and u.-a<ies ; and any eoipoiatton, company,
or peitoit oflVndingagainst the piovisions* of this act, t-lia.ll.
upon conviction in any com t of I be United State*, be pun-
ished by a line of not less than $500, and hy imprisonment
notl^s than mx months: Provided, That noibuii? herein
contained shall interline with any executive order made
under the laws of the United States.
Mr. HALE. The amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts provides that no one shall
be excluded on account of any regulation of any
State. They have a regulation on some of the
railroads of my State that no intoxicated person
shall be admitted. This amendment would ab-
rogate that, for it would amount to that.
Mr. COWAN. Let me ask the Senator, do
they allow people who have the small-pox to ride
in his State ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be on the motion to postpone the further
consideration of the bill to and make it the spe-
cial order of the day for Thursday next at one
o'clock.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the motion will
prevail, as 1 understand the death of the Senator
from Maryland will be announced to-morrow;
and let the amendment be punted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand we are to
have an evening session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
stands adjourned until half past seven o'clock this
evening.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock, p. m.; and, in accordance with the reso-
lution adopted on Saturday last, setting apart
Tuesday and Wednesday evenings of this week
for executive business, proceeded to the consider-
ation of executive business; and after some time
spent therein, the doors were reopened.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to rescind so much of
the resolution adopted on Saturday as provides
for an evening session to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 14, 1865.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Dr. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENLISTMENTS 3?01i UNEXPIRED TERMS.
Mr. ORTH. I ask unanimous consent to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be di-
rected to inquire what legislation is necessary to secure
the muster-out of Mich men as enlisted lor the unexpired
te *m of tUeirrespective regiments, m accordance with their j
undeisianding at the tune ol enlistment, and that the com j
mittee have leave to report at any time by bill oi otherwise, j
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the j
introduction of this resolution? !
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not wish to object; but
I desire that us language shall bemadesomewhat
stronger, so that the committee shall be requiied
to report at the earliest practicable moment. The
subject is already before the committee.
The SPEAKER. The modification suggested
will be made, if there be no objection.
There was no objection.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN".
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire unanimous consent
to withdraw from the files of the House the pa-
pers relating to the case of S. 13. Colby.
There was no objection, and leave was granted.
SHIP-CANAL IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. JULIAN. I demand the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideiation of Seriate bill No. ^41, an
act granting to the State of Wisconsin a donation
of public land to aid m the construction of a ship-
canal at the head of Sturgeon bay, in the county
of Door, in &aid State, to connect the waters of
Green bay with Lake Michigan, in said State.
This bill was reported from the Committee on
Public Lands on the 9th instant, hy Lhegentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Sloan.] After an amend-
ment by the House, the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin demanded the previous question, upon sec-
onding which no quorum voted. The pending
question is upon seconding the demand for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oideied; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be read a thud
time; and was accoidmgly read the third time.
The question bring on the passage of the bill—
Mr. SPALItlNG demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McIndoe
and Middleton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes twenty-six, noes not countcd.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 52, nays 54, not voting 76;
as follows:
YEAS Mes*r«. Jame* f. Allen. William J. Allen, Alli-
son, Ame«, Anderson, Baiiy, Aufju-iu- 0. P.ahhvm, !>a.\tet,
Blaine. Botd, James* S. Biown, Cob-1. Donnelly, Hum:-5.
Eidiui<re. (J.ufiold, Iliuliy, A-nbH W. Iltibbaid. Uuimml,
Int'er^oil, Jencke-., Kelley, Fraii'-i-- \V. Keiloij!!. Le Blond,
Lutb'john, Loncx ear. M.iivm, MeAlli-lei. MeBude, Mo-
ri urg, I\1 o I ndoe, Samuel l' Miller, A mo* M\ ei\. L< on-ml
Myeis, Nelson/Charles O'Neill, Peiham, Pumeroy, Wil-
liam H. Randall, Seott, Shannon, Smithers, Townsend,
Upson,Wad>worth, Whaley, Wheeler, Williams, Wilder,
Wimlorn, Wortinngton, and" Yeaman—52.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ancona, John P. Baldwin, Bea-
inan, Bh-^, Boutwcl], Brandegoe, Broom ail. Ooffroth, Cra-
vens, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Deimmr,
Denton, Edgerton, Eliot, Finek, Gan on, Glider, Hale,
Benjamin G. Uarrb, Herrick, Dolman, John 12. Hubbard,
IititebinF, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Kalhflei-u-h,
Orlando Kellogg, King, Lazear, Long. McKmney, Middle-
ton, William II. Miller, Moi rill, John O'Neill. Orth, Pendle-
ton. Radford, John U. ltiee, Edward H« Rollins, James S 
Rollins, Ross, Spalding, William G. Steele, Stiies, Stiouse,
Sweat, Thayer, William B. Washburn, Wilson* and Win-
field—54.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnold, Ashley, Blair, Blow,
Brooks, William G. Brown, Chanler, Ambrose W. Claik,
Freeman Clarke, Clay, Cobb, Cox, Creswell, Thomas T.
Davis, Dixon, Dmnont, Eekley,Eden,English,Farnsworth,
Fiaiik, Gooch, Giinnell, Oris wold, Hall, Harding, Harring-
ton, Chailes. M. Harris, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Julian, Kasson,
Keman, Knapp, Knox, Law, Loan, Mallory, Marcy, Mc-
Dowell, Mooi head, Daniel Morris, James R. Morn?, Morri-
son, Noble, Norton, Odell, Patterson, Peiry, Pike, Price,
I>ru3 ri, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Robinson,
Rogers, Schenck, Scofield, Sloan, Smith, Starr, John B.
Steele, Stevens, Stuart,Thoma*. Tracy, Van Valkenburgh,
Voorbees, Waid-, F.lihu B. Washburne, Webster, Chilton
A. White, Joseph W. White, Benjamin Wood, Fernando
Wood, and Woodbudge—76.
50 the bill was rejected.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by whtch the bill was rejected; and also moved,
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay on the table.
The SPEAKER. The demand comes too late.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move that leave of ab
sence be granted to my colleague, Mr. W. J
Allen, on account of the death of his brother.
There was no objection; and it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
CIIAULES II. TITUS, AND OTHERS.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, moved that that committee be discharged
fiom the further consideration of the petition of
Charles H. Titus,Thomas W. Faran, PeterZmn,
and others, asking Congress to devise some means
for the sale of reserved mineral lands, and that it
be laid on the table.-
The motion was agreed to.
SALE OF MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask, by unanimousconsent,
that House bill No. 730, in reference to the sub-
division and sale of mineral lands, be setapart for
consideration as a special order on Thursday
next.
Objection was made.
PEHK MAliQUETTE AND FLINT RAILROAD.
Mr. DRIGGS, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back Senate joint resolution No
42, to extend the time for the reversion to the
United States of the lands granted by Congress to
aid in the construction of a railroad from Pere
Marquette to Flint, and for the completion of said
road, with an amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows:
51 i ike out the word" " and a rail toad fiom Little1 Bay de
Noquette to Marquette, and thence to Ontonagon."
Mr. DRIGGS. Mr. Speaker, this joint res-
olution only exiends the grant to the Pore Mar-
quette and Flint Railroad Company, made in 1856,
for five yeais. it provides for no additional grant
of lands. The road is now completed and run-
ning cars upon some forty miles of the road. It
h s received the sanction of the "Committee on
Public Lands. 1 think it is just, and i demand
the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand that this
icsolution makes no additional grant of lands?
Mr. DIIIGGS. It makes no additional grant
of lands.
Mr. HOLMAN. It only extends the time for
the completion of this road ?
Mr. DIUGGS. That ts all.
Mr. LE BLOND. What is the road?
Mr. DIIIGGS. It runs from Flint, in the State
of Michigan, to Pere Maiquette. The road is
about one hundiednnd seventy-five miles long,
, and tsome forty mile* have been completed.
! Mi. DROWN, of Wisconsin. Tins icsolution
I docs no moie than provide for the extension of
time for the completion of the road.
I Mr. DRIGGS. I insist on the demand for the
; previous question.
