196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
The previous qucsdon was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution as amended was ordered
to be read a third time; and it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
MINNESOTA LAND-GKANT RAILROAD.
Mr. MILLER, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, reported a bill to extend
the time for the completion of certain land-grant
railroads in the State of Minnesota, which was
read a first and second time.
The bill was read in exlenso.
Mr. MILLER, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
I will only say that this bill merely extends the
time for the completion of these roads.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I would inquire
whether they are not required to complete twenty
miles each and every year.
Mr. MILLER, of New York. They are.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. If they do not con-
struct twenty miles each year, whtrt forfeiture is
provided ?
Mr. MILLER, of New York. A forfeiture of
the land to the Government of the United States.
Mr. STEVENS. Are additional lands granted ?
Mr. MILLER, of New York. Four additional
sections of land are granted, which is in accord-
ance with the legislation of last year. It will be
evident to the House, as it was to the committee,
that since railroad iron, labor, and everything
else has doubled in price, these roads could not
be completed unless someadditional grant of land
was ma'le.
Mr. STEVENS. I thought we provided for
that when last year the House refused to increase
the tax on railioad iron.
Mr. MILLER, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
unless there is some encouragement it is evident
that we cannot induce foreign or eastern capital-
ists to invest in these roads. 1 think that the best
interests of the Government will be subserved by
this additional giant of lands.
Mr. SPALDING. How extensive were the
grants in the first place, and how much is now
added ?
Mr. MILLER, of New York. We make it
ten sections, whereas itwasonlysix before. They
do not got the whole ten sections in many cases,
as they have been taken up by settlers. They are
limited to within twenty miles of the road.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. Does this not re-
late exclusively to Minnesota roads?
Mr. M ILLER, of New York. It does.
Mr. WIN DOM. 1 wish to say a single word
upon this subject, and principally in reply to the
suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Spalding.] Originally six sections per mile were
granted to these roads. The paper grant is very
large; but owing to settlements the amount of land
actually neeivod is very small. On one road lun-
ning from Winona westward they run one hun-
dred and fifty miles before they received one hun-
dred and thnty thousand acres of land; whereas
the paper grant was six sections to the mile. I
ask to have lead a memorial from the Legislature
of Minnesota. It is short.
Mr. SPALDING. This bill embraces one half
of all the land we have in that section.
Mr. MILLER, of New Yoik. I will say to
the gentleman from Ohio that many of these roads
will not get as much land with this additional
grant as they would have got if they could have
received the whole original grant of six sections
to the mile.
Mr. W1ND0M. I ask that the memorial be
now read.
The memorial was read, as follows:
To the Congress of the United Stales :
The liegi&latme of the State of Minnesota would rcspect-
fuliy memorialize your honoiable body to grant to tins
State additional lands to aid in the completion of the sev-
eral hues of iailroadt  and biancho provided foi liy the act
of Congress approved Match J3, 18.37, and by the joint reso-
lution approved July 12, 18G-2, so ac to make the quantity
of hind equal in all to two hundred sections lbi each twenty
miles therein named, for the reasons following:
First. That although a large amount of work has been
done, and iron rails and other matenals procured for the
construction of said roads and branches, and two oi them
have been put into actual operation for limy and fifty miles
respectively, tluur extension or the farther prosecution of
woi k upon thein has become impossible on account of the
greatly enhanced prices of iron, and locomotives, and labor,
and, in fuel, ot all the materials necessaiy for the construc-
tion and completion of railroad*.
Second. That similar increased giants have been made
to aid in the completion of other railroads in the northwest-
ern States; their securities possess advantages in the money
mar kets ot the world as ten to six over those of the railroad
lines in question.
Your memorialists, therefore, cannot for a moment en-
tertain the belief that Congress would intentionally with-
hold the same relief for the aid of the various rarhoad lines
m thw State that it has granted to the lines in other States
similarly situated.
It is equally important that the time limited for the com-
pletion of our roads should be extended, as it has now but
two yfiars to run.
Finally. Considering that this is a food-producing State,
and that it has no connection by railroad with the system
of railroads leading to the Atlantic Stales,and the avenues
to our foodstuffs being thus locked up from the seaboard,
ercept those consisting of wagon roads and six months un-
ceitain navigation of the Mississippi of each year; and
considering the financial revulsion of 1857,from which we
had scarcely iccovered when the rebellion called our not
unwilling young men Irom homo to aid in its suppression,
your memorialists ask with confidence of jour honorable
body for the prompt consideration of this appeal.
And your memoiiahsts will ever pray.
CHARLES 1). SHERWOOD,
President of the Senate,
THOMAS H. ARMSTRONG,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Approved January 24, 1665.
S.MILLER.
State of Minnesota,
OrriCE of the Secretary of State.
X certify the foregoing to be a true and correct copy of
the original, on file in tin* office.
Witness my hand, and the great seal of the State, this
30th day of January, A. JD., 1865.
1). DLAKULY, Secretary of State.
Mr. MILLER, of New York, i demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
opeiation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reading of the
engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not engrossed,
and therefore it goes to the Speaker's table.
Mr. WINDOM, at a subsequent period, moved
that the vote by which the bill was ordered to be
engrossed be l econsidered.
The motion was entered.
LAND-GRANT RO'ADS IN MICI1IGAN.
Mr. ALLISON, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill (H. R. No. 710) rela-
ting to certain grants of lands made to the State
of Michigan in the year 1865.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I call for the
reading of the bill.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to sa.y a single word
in reference to the purposes of this bill. They
are, first, to extend the time for their completion
five years, and also to adjust the conflict existing
between the roads, beginning at Marquette, in
the State of Michigan, by the land-grant act of
18J3G. Three of these roads had their beginning
at Marquette. By this bill boundaries are fixed
as to the extent of the grant to each road, with
reference to the others, so that in the future there
can be no conflict in addition to the provisions
adjusting these differences. There is granted to
the State of Michigan four additional sections
per mile in alternate sections. The Committee
were of opinion that this additional grant would
enable these roads to progress with their roads,
and thus develop the region through which they
pass. The effect of this proposition is to make
two land grants instead of four.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to know how many
railroads this lull includes.
Mr. ALLISON. It includes only two roads.
There were originally three roads* all beginning
at the e.ity of Marquette and extending, one to
Bay de Noquette; another to Ontonagon; another
to the mouth of the Menomonee river, atthe State
line dividing Wisconsin and Michigan; in addi-
tion to these, there is a grant to what is called the
Peninsular railroad, extending along the shore of
Green bay in the State ofWisconsin, and thence
through Michigan to Lake Superior.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 wish to know if itaffects
in any way more than two roads.
Mr. ALLISON. Only two roadsat this time.
There were originally four roads; now reallycon-
solidated into two, although nominally there are
three roads, stili affected by the bill.
Mr. SPALDING. Through what States do
these roadsiun?
Mr. ALLISON. The Northwestern road> ex-
tending through the States of Illinois, Michigan,
and Wisconsin, now owns in part a portion of
this line. But the grant made by this bill is all
in the State of Michigan; further time is given to
that part of the road in Wisconsin, but no addi-
tional grant.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to know if for the
benefit of any part of the Northwestern road.
Mr. ALLISON. It is.
Mr. SPALDING. Is not that one of the
wealthiest companies in the Northwest?
Mr. ALLISON. Itisalarge corporation, how
wealthy, I do not know. I do know that its stock
is not worth more than thirty-five cents on the
dollar.
Mr. SPALDING. How many States are af-
fected by the grant contained in this bill ?
Mr. ALLISON. Really only one State is
affected by the grant.
Mr. SPALDING. How is Iowa affected?
Mr. ALLISON. Not at all.
Mr. SPALDING. How much surplus land
is granted by this bill?
Mr. ALLISON. It is impossible for me to say.
Mr. SPALDING. I want to know if four ad-
ditional sections per- mile are not given to these
railroads.
Mr. ALLISON. I have already stated that
four additional sections are given to this railroad
in the State of Michigan.
Mr. SPALDING. Beyond the previous grant?
Mr. ALLISON. Yes, sir; but it is well known
that very little land is obtained under the original
grant, fiom the fact that the lands were taken up
by settlers and by corporations of the State of
Michigan.
Mr. ARNOLD. This bill is designed to enable
the company to fill up a gap between two railroads
already constructed, and the effect of this grant,
so faras the Government is concerned, will be to
enhance the value of the lands belonging to the
Government immensely beyond the value of the
lands granted by this bill. Those lands, as every
gentleman well knows, are comparatively worth-
less to the Government, and will continue to be
unless you open a way to the minerals, the tim-
ber, and other products of those lands by means
of this railroad. This railroad will open commu-
nication from Lake Michigan to the Superior
country and to the vast amount of Government
lands which he around thatgreat inland sea. Tho
amount of lands granted by this bill is compara-
tively small. 1 think that every gentleman who
investigates the subject will readily acknowledge
that the enhanced value of the Government lands
lying around the Jake in consequence of this grant
will be of immensely more importance to the pub-
lic Treasury than the value of the lands granted
by the bill under consideration. I therefore hope
that it will receive the favorable consideration of
those who desire to enhance the value of the pub-
lic domain in theNorthwestand open direct com-
munication with that vast teintory.
Mr. ALLISON. Unless some gentleman de-
sires some further explanation, 1 will move the
previous question.
Mr. SPALDING. I should be indisposed to
vote against this bill if I supposed that it was
really intended for the good ofthe country through
which the proposed railroads are to run; but I do
happen, from certain circumstances, to conclude
that this extra donation of four sections of land
to the mile, through the whole peninsula of Mich-
igan, is intended to help certain stock speculators
rather than the people of the country through
which the roads run. The gentleman from Iowa
cannot even tell us the amount of this enormous
grant.
Mr. ALLISON. I will state to the gentleman
that the Marquette and Ontonagon railroad ex-
tends one hundred and thirty miles, and twenty
miles of the road are already built.
Mr. HIGBY. I hope the gentleman from Iowa
will not yield any more. There are other reports
to be made from the Committee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. Tiie committee have two
minutes and a half of their time left.
Mr. ALLISON. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I call for the yeas
and nays on seconding the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules ofthe House
the yeas and nays cannot be had upon seconding
the previous question.
