1865.
=?
38xft Cong....2d
APPENDIX TO THE5 OONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
'I#
Cabinet Officers in Congress—Mr. Pendleton.
Ho. op Rrps.
to the famous case of Stockton & Stolces agaiast
Kendall, in which jthis whole subject weSfar-
gued with signal ability. The case is reported
in 12th Peters 'a Reports. During the discussion
the same argument made here was pressed upon
the attention of the court, but in the decision the
opinion of the court as well as in the dissenting
opinions—not a doubt was expressed that there
was the same accountability on tlie part of those
who presided in the various Executive Depart-
ments which exists on the part of every other offi-
cer in the Government. Judge Marshall delivered
theopunonin the firstcase; Judge Taneydissent-
ed from the judgment of the court in the second
case, but he expressly affirmed the rule of decis-
ion which I have endeavored to establish. The
case of Decatur and Paulding, reported in 14th
Peters, and the case of Brashear & Mason, 6th
Howard, establish the same rule, it seems to me,
beyond all doubt.
Mr. Speaker, I am not left to the legislation of
the country and to judicial decisions alone; 1 have
the authority of Mr. Clay also. In his famous
speech on the removal of the deposits he says:
" But by what authority does the Secretary assert that
the Treasury Department is one of the Executive Depart-
ments of the Government ? He has none In the act which
creates the Department; he has none in the Constitution."
* * * * "Except the appointment of the officers
with the cooperation of the Senate, and the power which is
exercised of removing them, the Presidenthasneitherby the
Constitution nor by the law making the Department any-
thing to do with it. The Secretary's reports and responsi-
bility are directly to Congress. The whole scheme of the
Department is one of checks, each officer acting as a con-
trol upon his associates. The Secretary is required to re-
port, not to the President, but to Congress. Either House
may require any report from him, or command his per-
sonal attendance before it. It is not therefore true that
the Treasury is one of the Executive Departments, subject
to the supervision of the President."
In another speech which he made during the
presidential campaign in 1840, speaking of this
same subject, he says:
" As to the gratuitous assumption made by President
Jack&on of responsibility for all the subordinate execu-
tive officers, it is the merest mockery that was ever Dut
forth."
Professor Lieber, in his Treatise on Civil Lib-
erty, says:
"The Constitution of the United States prohibits any
officer of the United States from being a member of either
House; and the law does not allow the members of the
Administration seats and the right to speak in the Houses,
as some think a law to that effect ought to be passed.55
And in a later authority from Professor Lieber's
own hand, I know his opinion is that the time
has come when the law as it exists should be
changed.
But if there were any doubt left upon the ques-
tion of power, as I think there cannot be, I need
only call the attention of gentlemen to that clause
of the Constitution which is so familiar to us, that
Congress shall have power—
i{ To mako ail laws which shall be necessary and proper
for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all
other powers vested by this Constitution in the Government
of the United States, or in any Department or officer
thereof."
And I would like to know if gentlemen are pre-
pared now, when they are making such exhaust-
ing drafts upon the great reservoir of implied
powers, to deny to Congress the right of calling
upon these men for their aid, if Congress shall
believe it can in that way better perform the func-
tions with which it has been charged by the
Constitution.
I pass from this argument of constitutional
power. The proposition which is made to the
House by the committee of which 1 had the honor
to be a member is twofold; that it shall be the
duty of heads of Departments to be present on this
floor, in order to give information to the House
touching any subject as to which they shall be
questioned; and that they shall have the right—
not that it shall be a duty—to debate such meas-
ures as may pertain to their respective Depart-
ments.
The uniform practice of Congress, as every
gentleman knows who has been here for one week,
is to call upon the heads of Departments for in-
formation upon subjects with which their duties
make them acquainted. Thut uniform practice es-
tablishes two or three things; first, that the heads
of Departments ought to be possessed of the in-
formation; next, that it is advisable that Congress
should obtain it; and lastly, that Congress has the
power to demand it. And the only question on
this branch of the proposition remaining is the
single one whether or not the means now used
by resolutions of inquiry is preferable to that
which thecommittee recommend. It has been said
during the course of this discussion that we would
trench upon the right of the President to with-
hold information for which we may apply. If
the information is of such a character that it ought
not to be communicated, that answer can be made
to the House, as it is now made. If the informa-
tion is such as ought to be made public, and the
officer is willing to give it, how much more satis-
factorily can it be given when the parties meet
face to face and understand each other. If the
information ought to be communicated, and the
officer is unwilling to give it, how long will he be
able in the face of the country to stand a cross-
examination here upon the subject ? If the ques-
tion is one of public right, or private right, affected
by a good administration of a bad law, or a bad
administration of a good law, how speedily can
all the evils be corrected when the facts, the law,
the officer, and the member complaining are
brought immediately together.
My colleague, [Mr. Cox,] when he addressed
the House upon this subject, with a wit which
adorns his eloquence, and an elocution which
gives point and pungency to his wit, described
the Cabinet officers as they came upon the floor of
the Hpuse. I will not compete with him in that
field, but I desire to present to the House one or
twootherconsiderations. In 1861, when the States
were seceding from this Union, it was charged
that the officer intrusted with the administration
of the War Department was sending the arms
of the United States into the southern States. I
see gentlemen around me who remember that fact.
I was upon theCommittee on the Judiciary, and
a resolution of the House instructed that commit-
tee to inquire into the facts. They did so, and
they did it by all the machinery which is given
to an investigating committee—witnesses, sub-
penas, marshals, stenographers—and after two
weeks'investigation we had obtained little infor-
mation upon the subject, and the evil was not cor-
rected. Had that officer stood upon the floor of
the House, subject to the interrogatories of my
colleagues for five minutes, we would have known
the exact truth with reference to those arms.
It is said he might have declined to answer. It
is true, a man cannot be made to speak, but how
long could a Secretary of War stand before this
House declining to answer What he was doing
with the arms of the Republic?
I believe it is equally well understood that the
Secretary of the Treasury had agreed to a scheme
to prevent the payment of the interest 011 the pub-
lic debt in January of that year. It was only by
the iiftervention of parties in New York agree-
ing themselves to advance the money, so that
there should be no excuse whatever, that the dis-
honor of the Government was prevented. This
fact was suspected by gentlemen here; rumors
to that effect at least existed. If the Secretary
had been on the floor the truth would have been
readily ascertained.
A memberofthisHouse, [Mr. Kasson,] whose
constituenthadbeenaggrievedbyan illegal arrest
and imprisonment, applied to the Secretary of War
for his release, and received the answer, " I shall
notdoit." And when he pressed the point he was
toldI do not propose to argue the question with
you; I am responsible to the President, and to him
atone." Agenilemnn from New York approached
this Secretary within the last week, with a desire
to ascertain the quota of his district under this
call for three hundred thousand men, and was in-
formed that information on thatsubject could not
be given to members of Congress. How long
would such official insolence be tolerated on the
floor ofthis House, in the presence of these repor-
ters who would carry it on the wings of the light-
ning, the next morning, to every portion of the
Republic?
But, sir, a more striking instance of the benefit
of this proposed change is to be found in a trans-
action in which my honorable colleague [Mr.
Cos] bore a part. Early this session he intro-
duced a resolution ,in relation to the exchange of
prisoners. He pressed it with that ability and
constancy which are characteristic of liim, and
finally, on the 21st day of December a resolution
was passed by the House calling on the Secretary
of War for information on that subject. The
answer came on the 21st day of January, one
month afterward. It informed us that prior to'
the time when Congress met the whole Subject of
exchanges had been committed to Lieutenant
General Orant, and that there was every prospect
of a speedy exchange.
And at that time—the knowledge of many such
instances no doubt prompted the generous heart
of my colleague to his action in this matter—there
lay in one of the southern prisons a young-man
who a little while before had been vigorous and
strong, with courage high and hope buoyant and
energy unflagging. Excited by a generous enthu-
siasm he had entered the Army of the Republic
and was taken prisoner. Disease, suffering, con-
finement, the want of food, the want of clothing,
the horrors of a prison life, had bowed his manly
frame until his emaciated body could scarcely sup-
port his hardly less broken spirit. If this answer
of the Secretary of War had been returned upon
the day the question was asked, as it would have
been if the Secretary had been on the floor; if on
that day the House and the country had been tbld
that General Grant had charge of the exeiianges
with every prospect of success, thousands of
mourning hearts would have been comforted; tind
by that mysterious influence which seems to per-
vade all nature, the very air of the prison where
this man languished, tainted with miasma as it was,
would havebroughttohim at least one eiementof
life in hope. But the Secretary did not answet
for a month. The frail, and feeble, and worn-out
body could not sustain the agonies of u hopeless
heart, and before the answer came his body lay in
the shallow trenches of a prison cemetery and his
soul had appealed to the mercies of the God who
gave it.
Sir, there are advantages connccted with hav-
ing a prompt response to our questions which
cannot be compensated for by any supposed ob-
jections to bringing these gentlemen upon the floor
of the House.
• I pass now to that portion of the proposition
which involves the right of debate. All gehtle-
men, I believe, admit that there are certain-advan-
tages connected with the participation of these
Secretaries in the discussions of the House. The
objection made is that they would unduly influence
members here, and that there would be a too in-
timate consolidation of the legislative and execu-
tive, and that legislation would not be free.
I will not pause here to inquire how it is that
there can be any violation of the rights of the Ex-
ecutive by this measure if 
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, will the gentle-
man yield to me for a question?
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 will yield for that
purpose.
Mr. ROGERS. Does the gentleman now claim
that the law of 1818 and the provisions of each
special law for the organization of a Territory,
that Delegates from Territories shall be elected
" for the same term of two years for which mem-
bers of the House of Representatives are elected,
and in that House each of the said Delegates shall
have a seat with the right of debating but not
voting," which is reported by the committee as a
precedent for this bill,is a precedent in this case?
Mr. PENDLETON. I do not claim that it is
a precedent directly in point, but it is an admis-
sion of a power in Congress exactly analogous
to that which I propose now to exercise.
Mr. ROGERS. The right of electing Delegates
to Congress is derived from the provision of the
Constitution which gives to Congress the power
to dispose of and to make all needful rules and
regulations respecting the territory of the United
Slates, and is so expressly laid down in Kent's
Commentaries, pages 280 and 281.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker,I wasmak-
ingthe remark when thegentleman interrupted me,
that I did not see how it was that this measure
would trench upon thejust power of the Executive
Departments if the result is to be, as now claimed,
the subordination of Congress to the influence of
those Departments. Nor do I quite understand
the position assumed by gentlemen, that they will
