18C5.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. Then I call for
tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the reading of the
engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the special order.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION'.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior,, transmitting the report of
the commissioner appointed under the act of Con-
gress of July 2, 1864; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
TERRITORY OF WYOMING.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report from the Committee on
Territories a bill to establish a temporary govern-
ment for the Territory of Wyoming, for the pur-
pose of having it printed.
Mr. SPALDING, robject.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman from
Veimont yield to me for a moment to enable me
to report a bill ?
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I must
object to any further yielding of the floor.
TAX BILL.
The question was taken on Mr. Morrill's mo-
tion, and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pome-
rot in the chair,') and resumed the consideration
of the special order, being bill of the House No.
744, to amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes," approved June 30, 1864.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be
upon the amendment proposed yesterday by Mr.
A. W. Clark, on page 20, lines four hundred
and sixty-one and four hundred and sixty-two,
to strike out " exclusive of the boiler in case a
duty has been paid thereon,"and to insert in lieu
thereof "and steam boilers," so that the clause
will read:
By inserting aftfr the words " steam engines" the word*
" and steam boilers.''
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out lines four hundred and sixty,
four hundred and sixty-one, and four hundred
and sixty-two, as follows:
By inserting after the words u steam engines"the words
" exclusive oi' the boiler m case a duty lias been paid
thereon"—
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
On steam locomotives and marine engines, including
boilers and all other parts, a duty of five per cent, ad va-
lorem: JPiovided, That when such boiler or part thereof
shall have been once assessed and tiie duty previously paid
thereon, the amount so paid shall be deducted from the fin-
ished engine.
On boiieis of all kinds, water tanks, sugar tanks, oil stills,
sewing machines, lathes, tools, planes, planing machines,
shafting and gcai ing, a duty of five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Chairman, I offer the fol-
lowing as an amendment to the substitute of the
gentleman from Vermont:
Add the following :
On iron railing, gates, fences, furniture, and statuary, a
duty of live per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was adopted.
The question recurred on the substitute, as
amended, and it was adopted.
The question recurred on Mr. A. W. Clark's
amendment, as amended,-and it was adopted.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to amend by in-
serting after line five hundred and six, as follows:
And by >triking out in the same paragraph all after the
words ''does not exceed the s-uni of," and inserting the
words "^1,000 per annum shall be exempt Uom duty."
So that it will read:
By inserting in the paragraph relating to "ready-made
clothing," after the word " dress," the words " not other-
Wise assessed and taxed as suchand by staking out, &c.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Massachusetts that the words
"as such" have been inserted after the word
"taxed." His amendment will come in after
the words M as such."
Mr, BOUTWELL. Very well. I wish to
call the attention of the committee to this fact.
As the law now stands a manufacturer of cloth-
ing who makes for a gentleman a nice coat pays
to the Government a duty of three per cent., while
a manufacturer of ready-made clothing, such as
pea-jackets and overalls for laboring men,paysa
tax of five per cent., which is manifestly unjust.
The object of my amendment is to remedy that
inequality by putting a tax of five per cent, on
clothing of all sorts, allowing those persons who
make custom work exclusively, and whose an-
nual product does not exceed $1,000, to be ex-
empted altogether. These are the two effects of
the amendment which i propose.
Mr. Boutwell's amendment was adopted.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee rose informally; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, a message from the
Senate, by Mr. Cobb, one of its clerks, announced
that the Senate had passed an act (S. No. 392)
supplementary to an act approved July 14, 1862,
entitled "An act to establish certain post roads,"
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
TAX BILL AGAIN.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend, on linefive
hundred and thirty-two, by striking out the words
"except as hereinafter otherwise provided for"
and inserting in lieu thereof the words "of all
kinds," and by striking out the following:
On smoking tobacco made exclusively of stems, and not
mixed with leaf or leaf and stems, and on fine-cut, and
shorts, and scraps of tobacco, the refuse of cigars manufac-
tured, and also on all scraps or lefuse of plug manufac-
tured, when sold for smoking tobacco, or for consumption,
or otherwise, twenty cents per pound.
So that it will read:
On smoking tobacco of all kinds, thirty-five cents per
pound.
I will state the object of my amendment, so
that it may be fully understood. The Committee
of Ways and Means has endeavored, throughout
this revision of duty on tobacco and its manufac-
tures, to evade the great temptation to fraud and
false swearing resulting from the numerous and
unnecessary discriminations of quality to which
different grades of tax are affixed. The second
paragraph, which I propose to strike ^ut, makes
a new kind of smoking tobacco, to be taxed at
a less rate, and in my judgment it will be found
to embrace all the smoking tobacco manufactured
when the returns come to be made to the asses-
sors. The object of my amendment is, "therefore,
to impose, in the case of tobacco as in the case
of cigars, a uniform rate of taxation, moderate
but certain in amount, so that there shall be no
temptation to fraud or false swearing except sim-
ply as to the amount of the tobacco produced.
For that purpose the two paragraphs are confined
in one, so as to read " on smoking tobacco of all
kinds,thirty-five cents per pound."
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, if the gen-
tleman from Iowa had proposed merely to strike
out all of the description in the second paragraph
in reference to smoking tobacco except that made
exclusively from stems, I do not know that I
would have objected. But 1 do believe that it is
important that we allow this sort of tobacco—
made of stems only—to go into consumption at
a less rate than other sorts; otherwise it will be
wasted. Before we levied so high a tax on to-
bacco, the stems were not used, or were used only
as a manure for the ground on which tobacco is
raised. Butsince the advance in price, stems are
not only used here at home, but are shipped
abroad. This amendment, if adopted, will com-
pel the parties having any quantity of stems to
ship them and not use them at home. I think there
can be no difficulty about detecting frauds where
the smoking tobacco is made exclusively ofstems.
If the gentleman will modify his amendment by
striking out of the second paragraph ail but that, !"
I will not object to it.
Mr. ICASSON. I ask the gentleman from Ver-
mont whether there is not a mode of manufactur-
ing the stems into smoking tobacco so as make it |
difficult' to detect the manufactured article from
the superior species of smoking tobacco.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 know that some tobac-
conists are in the habit of coloring these stems
and grinding them; but I believe it is not difficult
forany expert to detect the difference between the
two articles.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The committee at this point rose informally;
and the Speaker having resumed the chair, sev-
eral messages in writing were received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Nicolay,
his Private Secretary.
TAX BILL—AGAIN.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union resumed its session.
Mr. ICASSON. As my colleague on the com-
mittee states that he believes there will be no dif-
ficulty in the discrimination, I will modify my
amendment so that the first paragraph will read,
" on smoking tobacco of all kinds not otherwise
herein provided for, thirty-five cents per pound,"
and by striking out in the second paragraph all
from the word "stem" in line five hundred and
thirty-four to the word *' otherwise" in linefive
hundred and thirty-nine.
Mr. MALLORY. I cannot understand the
propriety of the gentleman's amendment.
Mr. ICASSON. The gentleman will permit me
to state that the object of the entire amendment is
to enable the assessors to have a correct report
inreference to smoking tobacco, and to prevent the
temptation to false swearing which would result
from an unnecessary discrimination in the quality
of the smoking tobacco. To accomplish this pur-
pose, I proposed in the first instance to make the
rate uniform on all kinds of smoking tobacco.
But since my colleague from Vermont has stated
that there is no difficulty in detecting smoking
tobacco made exclusively of stems, I think that
this kind ought to be subject to a lower rate of
taxation, in order that the manufacture may be
continued, and I have modified my amendment so
as to make the second paragraph read: " on smo-
king tobacco made exclusively of stems, twenty
cents per pound."
Mr. MALLORY. If that is the amendment
proposed, I submit that it is no amenumentatall.
It is provided in lines five hundred and thirty-two
and five hundred and thirty-three: " on smoking
tobacco, except as hereinafter otherwise provided
for, thirty-five cents per pound." Now it is pro-
posed to strike out the words " except as herein-
after otherwise provided for." Then the tax on
stem tobacco in the next paragraph is left precisely
as it stands now—twenty cents per pound.
Mr. KASSON. This amendment confines the
lower rate exclusively to the stem tobacco. The
other did not. I preferred a uniform rate, but
yield«d to the opinion of my colleague.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I submit my objec-
tion becomes stronger. For what will become
of these scraps and other refuse materials ? Does
the gentleman propose that these shall be thrown
away? They cannot be manufactured, if the to-
bacco made from them is to be taxed thirty-five
cents per pound. Does the gentleman propose
such a rate of taxation?
Mr. KASSON. I think that the price of tobacco
to the consumer should be determined alone by
the grade of the tobacco, and that the tax should
be as far as possible uniform. The consumer pays
high in proportion to the purity of the tobacco,
and low in proportion to its adulteration. By
making the rate uniform you obviate the tempta-
tion to put in a little of the inferior article, and
then swear that the tobacco is adulterated to the
lower grade.
.Mr. MALLORY. Let me state what I think
will be the effect of the amendment.
If it is proposed to tax tobacco to such an ex-
tent as to raise from it a large revenue, I do not
know that I have any right to object. We now
tax cigars very high. Cigars are smoked by the
wealthy classes; and perhaps, if any description
of smoking tobacco is to be taxed high, it should
be cigars. But the other article, smoking tobacco,
in the common acceptation of the term, as under-
stood in the market, is used by the great mass of
i the people of the country; by those who do not
smoke cigars, not being able to indulge in that
luxury. And I submit that the lowest rate of
tax we can impose upon this article the better it
