798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
will be for the interest in the country and for the
revenue of the Government. If you tax it so
high, you will stop the practice of smoking which
now prevails so extensively in the country, and
which uses up this sort of tobacco. If you tax
it so high, men who use no cigars and who use
this, will stop using it, and the result will be
that the Government will derive no revenue from
it. I think that it is better for the producer, bet-
ter for the manufacturer, and better for the Treas-
ury of the United States, to impose upon every
description of smoking tobacco made from stems,
scraps, &c., the lowest rate of taxation. By re-
ducing the tax from twenty cents to ten cents, I
think that we will procure more revenue, and I
believe that the consumption of the article would
be ten times as great as it is now.
Now, one other remaik before 1 sit down.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. KASSON, I want to call the gentleman's
attention to the fact that the great discrimination
between cigars and smoking tobacco is cutting us
off from revenue.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon the amend-
ment has been exhausted, and the gentleman is
not in order.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to strike out the
last line of the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, the difficulty suggested by the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] is the
discrimination between tobacco made from stems
and tobacco made from fine leaf. I submit that
the discrimination is veiycasyto be made. I
doubt whether there is an inspector in the United
States who will hesitate in reference to the char-
acter of tobacco as to what is made from stems
and scraps and what is made from leaf. Tobacco
made from scraps and tobacco made from leaf can
easily be discriminated. One is of such inferior
quality that it can be distinguished at once. In
my judgment there is no difficulty in making a
discrimination under this bill. I hope that the
distinction will be reserved; and I hope tuat the
tax will be reduced fiom twenty cents to ten cents
per pound.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I would be
content to have the bill remain as it is, without
amendment, but believing there was something
in the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa;
thut is to obtain a uniform system, and as far as
possible to put it out of the power of the manu-
facturer to practice fraud or evasion, I was will-
ing for one to accept his proposition with the
modification suggested by myself. I do believe
that so far as it is made of scraps and refuse of
cigars, and scraps and refuse of plug tobacco,
there maybe a door open for considerable fraud.
At the same time 1 will say to the gentleman from
Kentucky that this kind of tobacco is much su-
perior and worth more per pound than sterns.
It is good tobacco, but not in good shape. I think
that the proposition of the gentleman from Iowa
is a safe and practicable one.
Mr. MALLORY, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to strike out
" twenty " and insert<{ ten."
The CHAIRMAN. That is not now in order.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope that the gentleman
from Illinois will move to reduce the tax from
twenty cents to ten cents pei pound.
The CHAIRMAN. That paragraph is not
now before the committee.
Mr. Kasson's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. 1 move to sti ike out the words,
" and not mixed with leaf or leaf and stems, and
on fine-cut, and shorts, and scraps of tobacco, the
refuse of cigais manufactured, and aiso on all
scraps or refuse of plug manufactured, when sojd
for smoking tobacco, or for consum ption, or other-
wise; "so that the paragraph will read: "On smok-
ing tobacco made exclusively of stems, twenty
cents per pound."
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend the original
text by insi rrtng " fifteen" instead of" twenty."
message fh03i the senate.
The committee informally rose; and the House
received a message from the Senate, by Mr. Cobb,
one of their clerks, announcing that the Senate
had passed a joint resolution (II. R. No. 141)
reducing the duty on printing paper, unsized, and
used for books and newspapers exclusively, with
an amendment, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
tax bill again.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it in order to offer an
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the question should first be taken upon the
motion of thegentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson]
to strike out.
The question being put, and no quorum voting—
Mr. MALLORY demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kasson and
Mallory were appointed.
Mr. MALLORY. I withdraw my call for a
division, as I see a majority are in favor of the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to. .
Mr. MALLORY. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out" fifteen" and inserting " five," so that it
will read " five cents a pound." This is the low-
est grade of tobacco manufactured; in fact, it is
so low that it has no grade. It seems to me that
twenty cents a pound is too large a tax to put
upon this quality of tobacco. Those who use
this quality are a class of people who are not able
to buy the better qualities, owing to the high
price of the better grades. It is the poor man
who buys this grade, and he does this fiom ne-
cessity; he prefers the best, but cannot afford to
buy it. Smoking is to the poor man a luxury of
which I do not desire to see him deprived; and I
can imagine for him no greater luxury, which
costs so little, than, after a day of toil at a dollar
and a half or two dollars a day, he comes home,
and, after the evening repast is over, he smokes
his pipe by his cheerful fireside, with his wife
and little ones around him. While you may be
realizing all the anticipations of youth, tins poor
man, with the wreathes of smoke ascending and
ending above him, only hopes to see happier
and brighter days; but those hopes tuin to ashes
in the bowl, and this vision ofhappierand brighter
days vanishes with the smoke. 1 hope this qual-
ity of tobacco will not be taxed more than five
cents per pound. I would rather see it free, so
that the poor man can enjoy this one comfort
without feeling the burden of taxation. Let us
not take away from the poor man this luxury,
when at best he is permitted to enjoy so few.
Mr. STEVENS. I move toamendtheamend-
ment by sti iking out " five" and inserting u ten."
I think anybody that wishes to smoke can
afford to pay a ten-cent tax a pound. I under-
stand it is a very delicious luxury, and I know,
from what I have heard about this House, that
everybody i« anxious to be taxed, and that there
is very great complaint that we do not tax enough.
If, therefoie, the gentleman will say ten cents,
that will include stems, and then the old women
of the country, making their pipes out of corn-
cobs, can use it by paying only ten cents. This
is a great reduction from what we proposed, and I
am almost afraid the committee will be reproached
if we refuse to impose a proper tax.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will not insist upon his amendment,
but accept the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois. Tins description of tobacco is compar-
atively worthless; it is very little better than that
which is made of the stalks after the tobacco leaf
is stripped off; and that, I suggest to the gentle-
man, is left entirely untaxed by this bill; and if
he is determined to hunt up tobacco of every form
to impose a tax on, he should tax the stalk. Yes,
and walking-canes are made of the stalks, and he
should tax them.
1 think, however, that this stem tobacco should
be left with a tax of only five cents at highest.
I do not believe it will now, if untaxed, sell for
that much in the market. This is the only
anomaly in the bill of an article being taxed more
than it is worth. Gentlemen have set free a very
large class of people in our country—I will not
call them niggers, for fear of offending some-
body—but a large class of people whose almost
entire solace—I suggest to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Ingehsoll,] in order to finish his
picture of the smoking wteath—is derived from I
i smoking this lowest giadc of tobacco; and now, \
in the very beginning, you propose to take from
the downtrodden African almost the only pleas-
ure and solace left since you have made him a
freedman.
Mr. STEVENS. Our object is to correct his
taste and elevate him, so that he may equal his
master in—smoking tobacco. [Laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. That remark proves that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania desires to make the
freedmen superior to the common laboring men
of the country who have to confine themselves to
the use of common tobacco. They must be in-
vested at once with the pecuniary power of pur-
chasing and using the very finest description of
tobacco sold at the highest price.
Mr. INGERSOLL. One word more. As the
gentleman has put a finish upon my picture, I de-
sire to improve the color of his.
Mr. MALLORY. Mine was colored suffi-
ciently.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I want to tone itdown by
suggesting that there are five hundred thousand
of our soldiers around their camp-fires who con-
stantly use tobacco, and I would not compel them
to pay ten cents a pound.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me suggest to the gen-
tleman that a tax of ten cents a pound, consider-
ing the time a pound of tobacco will last, will not
be a mill a day to the person who smokes it.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment proposed by Mr. Stevens, and it
was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting 41 twenty-five cents" in place of
"five cents." I offer the amendment-pro forma, for
I desire to have the clause remain as it is. This
subject was very fully considered by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. All the experts who
were before the committee were persuaded that
an infinite amount of fraud would arise under this
section unless the tax was very considerable, and
it was under the idea that it would prevent frauds
and that the article would bear this amount of tax
that the twenty cents was inserted. This is but
about half the amount that we impose upon regu-
laily manufactured smoking tobacco. The price
of the article, m the fust instance, is very much
below that of good tobacco, and we impose only
ft little more than half the tax. I submit, there-
fore, that we have given sufficient consideration,
not only to our soldiers, but to the colored fi tends
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mal-
lory,] about whom he manifests such great so-
licitude. I hope that we shall allow the amount
of the tax to remain as it is in the bill.
Mr. CHANLER. Mi. Chairman, I rise to
oppose the amendment for the simple reason that
a cheap luxury in crowded communities is an
absolute necessity. It is impossible that the la-
boring classes in our crowded cities can do with-
out the ordinary stimulants which make life tol-
erable under the excessive burdens of taxation
which we impose upon them. The laboring
classes in our cities find italmost impossible now
to furnish fuel and clothing for themselves and
families, and they need as much as any of us the
solace of a stimulant. By this excessive taxa-
tion you will drive them to the use of an inju-
rious, and, it may be, fatal system of stimulants,
and by which our revenue will be lessened.
It is a well-known fact that the records of the
efforts for temperance m the cities show that with
theexclusion of spirituous liquors they introduced
the excessive use of opium, and men and women
who are forced to work many more hours a day
than laboring men in the country districts, aie
forced, as the books of the apothecaries in the
populous sections of New York city show, to
take for a stimulant a liquor made up principally
of opium. If you lay an excessive tax upon
this cheap article of tobacco, the result may be
that the poorer classes will be forced into the
adoption of a vice which has become national in
some countries, and the use of opium may be
the fate of the laborers of this country. With
regard to the fraud on the revenue just alluded to,
I have only fo say you have already forced those
who sell cigars to cheat you by putting false
stamps upon their boxes of cigars and selling
them at an increased pi ice, while at the same tune
the Government loses its revenue. I appeal,
therefore, to the Committee of Ways and Means
not to take this further step in the same direction
by ove-r-taxing this cheap and populai luxury.
