THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•799
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment, and in order to accommodate
ail paities, as there seems to be a disposition to
make a little change m this provision, I move to
amend the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky by inserting fifteen cents instead of
five.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to—ayes 47, noes 46.
Mr. Mallory's amendment, as amended, was
then adopted.
Mr. MALLORY. I move an amendment that
the tux on cigars be reduced from fifty to forty
cents per pound. I have no hope, Mr. Chair-
man, that this amendment will prevail, because
I know it is the purpose of members to load this
product of ourcountry with the very heaviest tax
that they think it can possibly bear. 1 believe
that they have gone so far toward the attainment
of this object as to have now loaded it witha tax
that it cannot bear. I believe that the product
will break down under the tax. If I thought it
possible to achieve my purpose I woutd have
moved an amendment reducing the tax on man-
ufactured tobacco in every form in which it is
spoken of in this bill, because my conviction is
fixed—and I believe the operation of the law will
piove the correctness of that view—that the rate
of taxation now imposed on tobacco in its various
forms will result m diminishing us production to
an extent so large as to lessen the levenue mate-
rially that would be derived from a tax on this
product at a much lower rale than the committee
proposes to impose upon it. I meiely protest
now against the system which, it seems, is to be
fixed on tins country, of taxing whisky and to-
bacco, the two great products of the growingand
flounshmg West, at a rate greater than the prod-
ucts of any other section of the Union are taxed.
I know that when an individual or country is
supposed to be able to bear, a good deal, a good
deal'is apt to be imposed upon him or it. Gen-
tlemen seem to rely on the fertilny of thatgieat
western region, on the industry and eneigy of
its people, as being sufficient to redeem them from
the consequences of any amount of taxation in-
flicted on them by this bill. But I suggest to
gentlemen that it is the last feather that breaks
the camel's back, and that they may, in this prac-
tice, go so far as to render patience no longer a
virtue on our part. The time will come when
the strength of that region will give it the pre-
ponderance m the Halls of Congress. And I ad-
monish gentlemen who ate now so busy in inflict-
ingon us evei y species of burden and oppres&ion,
to beware of the day when our strength will en-
able us to turn upon them and revenge ourselves
for the injury which they are no w inflicting upon
us. I had rather tluuthis system were abandoned.
1 had rather that fairness, equality, and justice
should characterize our legislation, so that that
people, when they attain this degree of power
which they will reach, will look upon you with
kindness and regard, will have nothing to retort
upon you, will have no injury to redress, no
lankhng wrongs to remember. I admonish the
gentleman fioin Pennsylvania [Mr.Stevens] that
the tune will come when the great West, having
legislative power in these Halls, will perhaps lay
a stronger hand upon iron than he is disposed to
have done, or upon coal, or upon petroleum, al-
though we are using the latter so much m the
West that I do not think we should punish you
as much as ourselves by taxing it heavily.
But, Mr. Chairman, I do not wish that this
disciimination shall be persevered in. I have no
hope, however, of seeing it abandoned. But I
must be peimitted, nevei theless, to enter rny sol-
emn protest against it heie.
Mi. STEVEN'S. Mr. Chairman, I am very
souy that my friend from Kentucky has got into
the minatoiy humor this morning. It always
makes nie feel bad to hear threats.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 beg to correct the gentle-
man. 1 am in a monitory humor, not a minatory
one. IVIy remaiks were simply monitory.
Mr. STEVKNS. Well, sir, the gentleman's
words die sometimes strong. When Jove nodded
everything trembled; but lesser deities had to
stnke seveial times.
But, sit, the gentleman is mistaken in suppos-
ing that we are over-taxing the products of the
Wi rt. Tobacco is becoming a pioduct of every
poition of our country. It is a large and increas-
ing product in my own district. Last year, ac-
cording to the accounts that I have, my county
raised and sold over two million dollars' worth
of tobacco. Connecticut raises a very large quan-
tity of tobacco in proportion to her other crops—
much larger than her wheat crop.
Thegentleman mustsee that the system of tax-
ation all over the world reduces the taxes to the
fewest possible numberof articles, and those gen-
erally articles of luxury. England now raises
her vast revenue, not from five or six hundred
articles of taxation, but from seventy or eighty.
Is tobacco heavily taxed by this bill? The high-
est rate is sixty cents a pound. The tax on to-
bacco in England is $2 25 per pound. The tax
now on cigars ranges from eight dollars per thou-
sand, which is the lowest practical amount, up to
fortydollars per thousand. This bill reduces the
tax to ten dollars per thousand on the average.
To be sure, it includes a certain class of cigars
not included in our present tax; that is, Havana
cigars, the foreign article: for we were of opinion
that, without some such system as this, the frauds
which are now practiced to such an extent as al-
most to render the tax a nullity, could not well
be avoided. We have, therefore, reduced very
materially the tax upon cigars from its present
amount; yet we believe that this reduced rate of
taxation will produce three or four times the
amount of our present revenue from this source.
We do not see how it will be possible to escape
the payment of this taxation, where no frauds in
countmgcan occur, where the question is simply
oneof weight. Under the present law, large quan-
tities of cigars manufactured in this country are
passed off as Havana cigars.
We believe, theiefore, that the system proposed
in this bill will produce, not perhaps as much rev-
enue as the present system would if it could be
enforced, b'ut vastly more than we can ever real-
ize under the present system. We believe that
we have reduced the rate to the lowest figure pos-
sible, if we aie to raise sufficient revenue to carry
on this war and pay the mtei est on the public
debt.
I am sure that the gentleman from Kentucky is
willing that the products of his section shall pay
their full proportion of taxation, i do not object
that my constituents, largely engaged in tobacco
raising, should bear their full proportion, nordo I
believe that they will complain or think them-
selves unjustly burdened because many of the
States raise no tobacco at all.
Mr. MALLORY. The distinguished chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, in reply-
ing to what I had the rashness to say a few mo-
ments ago, spoke of Jove giving his nod. I do
not suppose the gentleman could have alluded to
mo when he made that remark. He knows that
he is regarded by the House and the country as
the Jupiter Tonans of this body. The time was
when he
" Shook hi-* ambrosial cuih and gave his nod,
Tlie stamp ot late, tiie baneuon of a god."
He did have an influence in this House, and it
trembled befoie him. But I must say that I think
that time is passing away. I observed the other
day an intimation from the distinguished gentle-
man himself which showed that the power of Jove
was diminishing. I saw, too, that his nod had
ceased to produce its accustomed effect in this
House when the gold bill failed here so remark-
ably. If, therefoie, the appellation used by the
gentleman was intended for anybody, it must have
been for himself. It must have been one of those
lessons which, I have no doubt, the gentleman
often gives himself to coriect his ways, if those
ways need correction.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania says that the true theoiy of taxation is to
impose taxes upon one or two articles for thepur-
pose of latsing revenue.
Mr. STEVENS, i did not say that. I said
upon the fewest number.
Mr. MALLORY. Well, the fewest number.
I take issue with the distinguished gentleman on
that subject. The great purpose of taxation
should be to make it q#uai and uniform; to dis-
tribute it as largely as possible throughout the
whole land, and make it operate as far as possi-
ble upon every individual in proportion to his
ability. That I lo^ard a;* the true theory of the
Government. For his protection by the Govern-
ment, he must support the Government by his
contribution in the shape of taxes. That is my
theory of taxation.
I never go to England, sir, to borrow philos-
ophy on this subject. ]f I did, I wouiJ fail to
impose upon any production of this kind any tax
at all. That is the English system. Tobacco is
taxed enormously in England, some $2 45 per
pound; but the gentleman must recollect that to-
bacco is not raised in England. Spirits and wines
m till forms are taxed high in England, but they
are not produced there. There is a high tax upon
whisky, brandy, and wines. They contribute
for that reason largely to the revenue of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. STEVENS. Does thegentleman say that
they do not produce whisky in England?
Mr. MALLORY. They do to a limited ex-
tent. I suggest to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania that England does not produce to a suffi-
cient extent the material out of which whisky is
made, for the population cannot spare it, as they
need it for food.
Mr. STEVENS. The excise duty upon the
domestic article there is very high now.
Mr. MALLORY. That results from the enor-
mous excise imposed upon small quantities.
The gentleman supposes that Pennsylvania
will become a large producer of tobacco. He says
that it is a large producer now. Let me say to him
that that will not continue long, because every-
body knows that tobacco is an exhaustive crop.
You cannot continue to raise tobacco in a region
where cereals are valuable. When labor in his
State becomes dearer and land higher in price, the
production of tobacco will be abandoned. It will
only be produced where the land is fertile and
whore the deterioration ofitis notso objectionable
as it is in Pennsylvania.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr, L. MYERS. Mr. Chairman, I am op-
posed to the amendment offered by the gentleman
from New Yoik, [Mr. Brooks,] but m reality
rise more for the purpose of asking the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means a question upon a sub-
ject of great interestto the people, befoie we have
passed by the section altogether. 1 am surprised
that the matter has not been mentioned before.
There is a general belief that the interests of
the Government would be best subserved m this
particular by levying a tax upon tobacco in the
leaf. Such a tax would in a great measure avoid
the large frauds on the revenue, which it is on
all hands admitted have been practiced under the
present law, and which the bill before us evi-
dently contemplates will again be attempted-
frauds which injuie the honest manufacturer as
well as the Government. It would obviate the
need of passing a multiplicity of taxes on tobacco
in its various forms, and a multiplicity of regu-
lations which the assessor and inspector will find
it difficult to carry out successfully; and still fur-
ther, it would enable us to repeal a section which
imposes upon cigar makers an obligation not re-
quired of any other class of employes. 1 allude
to the provision requiring cigar makers to return
monthly, upon oatli and under severe penalties,
an account of all cigars made by them as em-
ployes or otherwise. It is contended that this
business cannot be assimilated to any other, and
that to prevent fiaud the paragraph must stand.
A tax upon the raw tobacco will certainly enable
us to do away with it, and as I believe, us assess-
ment, with the establishment of bonded ware-
houses to receive this product, and an allowance
of a drawback equivalent to the tax upon all leaf
tobacco exported, will add to the revenue. 1 now
ask the gentleman from Vet mont [Mr. Mokhill,]
why the many recommendations for such a tax
have passed by unheeded.
Mr. BROOKS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. I renown. Thegentleman
fiom Pennsylvania inquires why the Committee
of Ways and Means have not responded to the
call of the country, which he seems to regard as
almost unanimous, to lay the tobacco tax on the
leaf. I will state to the gentleman, in the first
place, that we were not so well satisfied as he is
that that call is unanimous. Nor do i believe it
is at all extensive when you compare it with the
call made upon us by the country not to tax the
leaf. The Committee of Ways and Means in
comingto the decision to which they arrived, con-
sulted the purchasers of tobacco, the manufac-
turers of tobacco, and the inspectors and collectors
