THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY F. & J. IUVES. WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1865.
New Series No. 51.
ment, to insert it at the commencement of the
paragraph. [ offer it for this reason: a large
quantity of vinegar is made out of what is called
" singlings," a coarse kind of distillation, which
is used for nothingelse. Upon thatarticle, which
is afterward converted into vinegar, a duty of two
dollars per gallon is levied, calling it " whisky."
When itis converted into vinegar, it sells at thirty-
three centsagallon. Hence any one can see that
in large distilleries no vinegar can be possibly
made. It is to prevent the consequent enormous
waste and breaking up of business that I have
offered my amendment. The gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] thinks it would open
the door for fraud. I cannot see that. I cannot
see how that article can be used in any other way
than in the manufacture of vinegar. Hence it is
that I have proposed to tax vinegar, but not to
tax the second time the material out of which it
is manufactured.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania says he cannot see how frauds will be
practiced under the proposed amendment which
he has offered. I will endeavor to show to the com-
mittee how they will be practiced, even though
the gentleman from Pennsylvania may fail to see
it. Under the amendment which he proposes the
material from which the vinegar is made is not
to be taxed. Of course, any person who holds a
quantity of singlings has only to say, whether
truly or falsely, that he holds it for the purpose
of manufacturing vinegar, which will leave it ex-
empt from taxation. It travels free, and cannot
afterward be traced or followed. I think that,
under these circumstances, we should have a great
many vinegar manufacturers. The Committee
of Ways and Means, in this bill, have already
proposed that these singlings, if used for this pur-
pose, shall be subject to duty only according to
their actual proof, instead of paying a tax of two
dollars per gallon; that is to say, if the singlings
contain only thirty or forty per cent, of whisky,
instead of the usual proof, they shall be subject
to a pro rata, duty, and not a duty of two dollars
per gallon. That is all the relief that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means at first thought it wise
to give to this article; and all that I think it is now
safe to give.
Now, let me state how fraud may be practiced
in another way in this article. The committee
will understand that it may be redistilled and made
into whisky. Parties may therefore hold it for the
very purpose of ledistilling and making it into
whisky; while to the collector and assessor they
disavow or do not disclose any such purpose.
Mr. PENDLETON. If it is redistilled, does
it not pay the tax of two dollars?
Mr. MORRILL. I conceive that, if parties
be thus enabled to hold it for such a purpose,
while disguising that purpose, we thereby lose
the control of it. Once beyond our control, it
will be impossible to recover it. Under the pres-
ent circumstances, we have the control of it.
Then, again, Mr. Chairman, we are not only
opening a wide door for the perpetration of frauds,
but we are establishing a precedent, and a bad
one. If one manufacturer has the right to de-
mand that his whisky shall be exempted from
tax, so has another. The vinegar manufacturer
has no more right to demand that this article shall
be free of tax than the maker of hats, who uses
a large quantity of alcohol or whisky for the pur-
pose of dissolving the gum employed in stiffen-
ing hats. So I might specify a large number of
uses towhich it isnow devoted, and which equally
demand relief, if any is given. I would, if it were
practicable, cheerfully adopt some means by
which we could relieve all who use it for another
and a different manufacture. But, under the cir-
cumstances, i do think that scarcely anything
would open so wide a door to frauds and evasions
of all kinds as the pioposition of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. L. MYERS. Mr. Chairman, I do not
wish to oppose the amendment offered bv my
distinguished colleague; but I trust that he will
accept the amendment which I shall send to the
51
Clerk's desk; otherwise I shall offer it as an in-
dependent proposition. It covers, I think, the
whole ground of what was originally intended. I
do not know whether ray colleague's amendment
will be adopted; but if it should be I desire that
my proposition shall be incorporated with it.
My colleague's amendment proposes to tax
this vinegar directly. Probably it is the fairest
way. Then the gentleman adds a proviso that the
article from which the vinegar is made shall not
be taxed. But, sir, there is a new process by
which vinegar is manufaatured from corn; and in
view of this I think that the amendment wouid
leave a loophole for misconstruction hereafter.
The article from which the vinegar is made, the
corn, would not be taxed; but the Commissioner
of Internal Reveuue would in all probability de-
cide that under the law the fluid generated in the
process of distillation in making this vinegar
would be liable to be taxed. In the process of
what has been termed by the Commissioner dis-
tillation, there is produced what he calls a " low
wine," which has scarcely an appreciable rela-
tion to whisky—not further certainly than one
and a half or two to fifty-five. It is an article
useless for any other purpose, and which in re-
ality should not be taxed. But by a previous
section of this bill we have provided that the
duties on it " shall be collected on the basis of the
actual proof." I agree with my colleague that
this is really in no degree a spirit or whisky which
should be taxed. I hope, therefore, that his
amendment will prevail if it includes in it what
I suppose he meant, that neither the article from
which this vinegar is made nor the fluid produced
in the process of manufacture shall be taxed.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. L. Myers] whether this
article could not be obtained from distilleries at
this low proof, then mixed with other liquor of
very high proof, and sold as whisky, without hav-
ing paid any duty at all on the low proof.
Mr. L. MYERS. In reply to the gentleman I
would state that this is in reality not spirits. It
is, in fact, a different article—more like rain water
than spirits. True, it was adjudged by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue to be a distillation,
but it is not spirits within the intent of the term,
is only produced in the process of this manufac-
ture, and it is useless to suppose could be ob-
tained from distilleries and mixed with liquors of
high proof. Such a course would not benefit the
patty taking it, for it is not proposed to exempt
this fluid where not made in the. nianufacture of
vinegar, and the fraud would be detected and publ-
ished. Beside this, if distilled further or mixed
with other distillations to make it spirits or whisky
the tax upon it as such would have to be paid. I
only desire to prevent the misconstruction which
might arise hereafter, should we pass the amend-
ment exempting the article from which vinegar
is made, and not the fluid produced in the manu-
facture.
Mr. STEVENS. I see no objection, and will
accept the amendment of my colleague, [Mr.
L. Myers.]
Mr. WILSON. Mr. [Chairman, I desire to
state a difficulty which it seems to me may arise
under this amendment. Suppose a person applies
to a distiller for the purchase of a large amount of
whisky which he alleges he intends to convert
into vinegar. If the sale is made for the purpose
of having that whisky converted into vinegar no
tax is paid. When it has passed into the hands
of the purchaser and he sells it without convert-
ing it into vinegar, who is to pay the tax?
Mr. L. MYERS. I will answer the gentleman.
He is wrong in his premises, and therefore wrong
in his conclusions. It is not in this instance made
from whisky. It is made from corn and other
articles.
Mr. WILSON. My question was more to
the gentleman's colleague than to himself. The
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsy Ivania,
[Mr. Stevens,] chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, exempts nii'm&teiial used in
the manufacture of vinegar. The manufacturer
the word
and molasse;
cane."
may purchase from the distill&ralargeamountof
whisky, alleging that it isforthe purposeof mak-
ing vinegar, and he will pay no tax upon it. If,
then, instead of putting it into the market as vin-
egar, he puts it there as whisky, nobody pays a
tax upon it. It seems to me that there is a diffi-
culty which does open the door to fraud wider
than the gentleman from Vermont has indicated.
Mr. STEVENS. In or^er to avoid that dif-
ficulty I will withdrawmyamendment. Instead
of saying the materials out of which it is made
I will say " singlings."
The question recurred on Mr. Stevens's
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stevens
and Morrill were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 47, noes 49.
So the amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read, as follows:
That section ninety-six be amended by inserting, after
"concentiated milk," the woids " cider, sugar,
" made from other articles than tlie sugar-
The ninety-sixth section is as follows:
Sec. 96. And be it further enacted, That newspapers,
bo.nds, shingles, laths, and other lumber, staves, hoops,
shooks, headings, and timber partially wrought and unfin-
ished for chairs, tub*, pails, hubs, spokes, felloes, snath*,
ia^ts, shovel and tork handles, match-wood, umbrella
stretchers, alcohol made or manufactured of spirits or ma-
terials upon which the duties imposed by law shall have
been paid, bone dust, plaster or gypsum, malt, burning fluid,
printers'ink, flax prepared for tKttile or felting purposes
until actually woven, marble and s-late or other building
stones m block, rough and unwrought, charcoal, coke, all
flour and meal made from giain, bread, and breadstuff's,
butter, cheese, concentrated milk, paraffirie, whale and fish
oil, value of the bullion used in the manufacture of silver
ware, silver bullion lolled or prepared for plateis' use ex-
clusively, mnteuaN prepared lor the manufaetuie of hoop
skirts cxeluMvely and unfit lor other use, (such as cut tapes
and small wares tor joining hoops together,) shall be, and
herpby are, exempt ftom duty. And also all good?, wares,
and nieichandi&e, and articles made or manufactured from
mateiials which have been subj* ct to and upon which in-
ternal duties have been actually paid, or materials im-
ported upon which duties have been paid or upon which no
duties have been imposed by law, where the increased
value of such goods, wares, or merchandisere,and articles
so made or manufactured, shall not exceed the amount of
five per cent, ad valorem^ shall be. and hereby are, exempt
fiomduty.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to strike out " sugar
and," and insert " cider vinegar, sugar, or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to add the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury is directed to refund
to the persons «'iititled toieceive the same the taxes which
haveibtfPti cotfectrd from marttrfa'cturers of "molas^ea from
sorghum, under the act to which this is an amendment.
Mr. Chairman, 1 understood the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] to say yesterday
that the principal object was to exempt molasses
made from sorghum, or imphee, ancf that that
was effected by the act of July, 1864. There is
no question whatever but the gentleman from
Vermont is correct. Section ninety-three pro-
vides that molasses produced from sugar-cane,
and not from sorghum or imphee, shall pay a
lax of five cents per gallon. In spite of this
clear exception, the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue has construed the act, and imposed this
duty of five cents upon it, and it has been paid all
over the country. These manufacturers have
been required to pay it. Whatever the Commis-
sioner may suppose to be the law, undoubtedly
will be carried out. In this there has been a clear
misapprehension of the law, and I think that the
tax which has been collected ought to be refunded.
I know of no interest which under the circum-
stances is entitled to so much encouragement. I
indorse the views expressed by the gentleman
from Vermont in reference to a tax upon maple
sugar. It was most ridiculous to suggest it, and
I think that it was rather suggested for amuse
ment than otherwise. Yet there is tenfold the
reason for the encouragement of the manufacture
of this article, which enters so largely into the so-
cial and domestic necessities. It needs encourage-
ment, not by dircct means, but by relieving it as
far as may be from the burdens of taxation. I
