802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
hope we will do what ia right in this matter, and
refund the money which has been improperly
paid.
Mr. MORRILL. I think if we were to go into
the matter of executing the law, we should find
plenty of business on our hands. In this case,
as in all others, parties paying the tax have their
proper remedy. They can appeal from the decis-
ion to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. I
trust the gentleman will not persist in his proposi-
tion, and if he does that the committee will vote it
down. 1 think, however, that the parties to whom
the gentleman alludes, as well as all others, will
be entirely content if the law shall be so fixed that
they shall not hereafter pay a tax upon this article.
The amendment yas not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following clause:
That section one hundred and three be amended by in-
serting, after the words " foreign port," the words "and the
amount actually paid for canal tolls by any person or com-
pany owning Oi possessing or having the care or manage-
ment of any canal-boat or other vessel shall be deducted
from their gro-is receipts," and by inserting, after the word
" fare" wherever it occurs in tiie proviso to said section,
the words "or fieialit."
Mr. STROUSE. I move to amend that clause"
by striking out all after the words" foreign port,
the words" down to and including the word
" freight,"and inserting in lieu thereof the follow-
ing:
And the amount actually paid for canal tolls, towinjr, and
expenses of running or sailing any canal-boat, barge, or
other vessel, shall be deducted from their gross receipts.
I offer this amendment for the purpose of doing
justice to a very meritorious class of our citizens.
I had the honor of introducing a resolution, which
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, some time ago, embodying the principles
of this amendment. The committee reported to
some extent favorably upon it; but I believe they
labored under some misapprehension in regard to
it. I cannot better or more forcibly bring this
matter to the attention of the committee than by
having read one of the many memorials received
by me from men engaged in boating upon our in-
ternal waters, but received too late to have them
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The Clerk read the memorial, as follows:
To the honorable the Senate and
Home oj Representatives of the United States :
The undersigned owners or lessees of boats engaged in
the business oi canning coal on the waters of the Schuyl-
kill canal, in Pennsylvania, lesppcitully represent, that
under tin* provisions of section one hundred and tiiree oi
the act of Congress, approved June 3J, 1834, entitled "An
act to provide ways and means for the support of the Gov-
ernment, and for other puiposes," (the section referring to
railroads, Pte.unl>oats, terry-boats', and biid'jes,) and the
construction placed upon the fame by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue,the tax imposed upon them is unduly
burdensome, and in their view dispioportionate with other
subjects of taxation specified in said act, and operates
greatly against the owners and lessees of canal-boats.
Those engaged in the business of carrying in canal-boats,
for hire, are subject to the following expenses :
First. The investment in boar, mules, and geniing. Pee-
on d. An annual taxation of ten cents pei ton on the ton-
nage of the boat, payable at the eustoin-house in Philadel-
phia. Tlihd. The expense of keeping the boat in repair ;
the feed and care of the mules or horses; the cost of load-
ing, unloading, and wharfage; in trips to New York, the cost
ot"towage afid the expense and hue of woikmcti and boat-
men to mn the boat. Fourth. The toll duethe canal com-
pany. Filth. The general State and United States taxes.
Your petitioneis represent that they do not object to a
just and reasonable tax upon their canting*, but that under
the provisions of said act, and the conduction theieof by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, they aic compelled
to pay a tax of two and one half per cent, on the gioss
amount which they collect, including all expenses of i mi-
ning the bout, loading and unloading, the amount of tolls
and towage.
Your petitioners further represent that such taxation op
eiates m such manner ab to mciease their tax in proportion
to the increase of their expenses, a pnnciple of taxation
winch they believe to be unjust. Yum petitioneis make
the following estimate average of receipts and ovperwes of
a canal barge of from one hundred and seventy-five to one
hundred and eighty tons for the year 1864:
From Pottsville to New Yoik about eight trips can be
made in one season.
For thh the boatmen receive, per trip, about $550 00
Expenses of lolls, wharfage, labor, 8tc  4S5 00
Making net, per trip    65 00
Which would make for eight trips, gross 4,400 00
And for eight tup**, net  520 00
But the internal revenue, two and a half percent.
on$4,40U,is  110 00
Which would mak«, for eight trips, net  $410 00
Thecostof a canal barge of one hundred and sev<*nty-five
to one hundred and eighty tons is from §2,300 to $2,800.
The above sum of $410 includes the personal services of
owner or lessee in running the boat. The wear and
tear of tiie boat U not included in the above estimate.
Your petitioners therefore pray your honorable bodies to
repeal the said section one hundred and three in said act,
and to make such other just and reasonable legislation in
lieu thereof as will not operate as against them.
And we will ever pray, &c.
Mr. STROUSE, I do not know that I can add
anything to this truthful statement made by the
memorialists to the House and Senate. Although
the memorial J have had read comes to me from
the State of Pennsylvania, the statement of their
complaints and grievances applies not only to
Pennsylvania,butequally to the New York canal,
the Ohio river, the Northwest, and the East.
It will be observed that, under the present law,
the captain, the owner, or the contractor of the
boat, pays two and a half percent, upon the gross
earnings of the boat; that is the entire amount,
not excluding the amount paid out for tolls, for
the hands, the bo wsma/i, the steersman, the d river,
and other employes. Thus he is taxed two and
a half per cent, upon money which is not his earn-
ings, but which is paid out for the purpose of
keeping the vessel in a condition to carry freight.
Such an act is unjust, and I seek by my amend-
ment simply to have the tax paid upon the net
earnings only of the boat.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I move a sub-
stitute for the entire amendment; I move to amend
section one hundred and three of the tax bill, to
which the pending clause refers, by striking out
the words "shall be subject to and pay a duty
of two and one half per cent, upon the gross re-
ceipt8,"and insert in lieu thereof the words, (4 shall
be subject to an income tax of five per cent, upon
the net receipts." I will explain my object. I
have received numerous communications from the
owners of vessels in my own State—and I know
similar complaints are made elsewhere—that un-
der the provision of the law by .which you tax
the gross receipts of vessels, you frequently tax
parties who really derive no profit from the use
of such vessels. The owner of a vessel may re-
ceive $10,000 a year from its use as his gross re-
ceipts, and yet there may not be a single dollar of
profits. A case of that kind was related to me in
connection with this very provision.
Now, it seems to me that the taxation should be
upon the profits derived from the use of tiie vessel.
A man makes $10,000 during the summer season
perhaps, but in tiie full his vessel encounters a
storm arid is partially wrecked. The repairs will
eat up all his profits, and it will be adopting a
new principle to refuse to deduct such charges
and expenses.
1 will change the language of my amendment,
so as to make the words to be inserted read,
" shall be subject to an income tax of two and a
half per cent, upon all net receipts under $3,000,
and five per cent, upon all net receipts over
#3,000." *
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman that the amendment proposed by
him is not in order, as there are no such words
as those he proposes to strike out.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. The amend-
ment in the bill relates to section one hundred and
three of the tax bill, and 1 move an entire substi-
tute for that amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Strouse] and the amendment of the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Brown] are both designed
to reach ultimately the same purpose. We have
already made the experiment of trying to collect
some revenue upon the netreceipts of canal-boats,
steamboats, &c., and found it a failure; we could
not collect any considerable amount of revenue.
The jaw was, therefore, changed so as to impose
a tax of a smaller amountupon the gross receipts.
The same principle was adopted in relation to
railroads. The Committee of Ways and Means,
upon representations from various parts of the
country, thought that to include the tolls which
these canal-boats actually pay was rather op-
pressive; and they have therefore proposed to
relieve them from that part of the tax, and they
do not propose to go further and include the vari-
ous expenditures which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has included in his amendment. I think
the partiesgenerally will be satisfied with the prop-
osition of the Committee of Ways and Means, and
I hope that neither of the amendments will pre-
vail.
Mr. PIKE. ! appeal to the gentluman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Brown] to withdraw his amend-
ment until we can take a vote on the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Strouse,] and then I will offer a proposition re-
pealing the duty on gross receipts altogether.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I will withdraw
my amendment for that purpose.
The question now being on Mr. Strouse's
amendment,
Mr. ANCONA demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morrill
and Strouse were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 67, noes 47.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. 1 now move to insert after the
words "foreign ports," in line five hundred and
ninety-eight, the words "nor upon the receipts
of any vessel subject to tonnage duty." The act
of July last provided for a tax of two and a half
per cent, on the gross receipts of coasting vessels.
I am told that the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Strouse] embraces my
amendment. I would like to have the clause read
as it now stands.
The Clerk read the clause as amended.
Mr. PIKE. That does not answer my pur-
pose. My proposition is entirely different. The
proposition which has been adopted by the com-
mittee is to tax the net receipts. My proposi-
tion is to exempt coasting vessels altogether from
the taxation of two and a half per cent., in order
to have the tax placed upon tonnage as a tonnage
duty. The present tax of two and a half per
cent, upon the earnings of coasting vessels does
not apply to foreign vessels. The provincial ves-
sels which come into our markets with similar
cargoes to our coasting vessels do not pay the
two and a half percent., while our vessels running
alongside of them have to pay the two and a half
per cent. On the river upon the banks of which
I live a vessel casts off from the wharf on one
side of the river and carries her cargo to Boston
or New York, and she pays a duty of two and a
half per cent, upon her freight; but a vessel which
casts off from the other side of the river does not
pay it. It is consequently a bounty to provin-
cial vessels. A large amount of foreign shipping,
made so by transferring American shipping to the
amount of five hundred thousand tons, is, by the
act of July last, exempt from taxation. My prop-
osition is that it shall pay a tonnage tax, and in
that way we shall obtain more revenue than under
the present system, and lay the tax upon foreign
as well as upon domestic tonnage.
Of course in this bill we cannot lay a tonnage
tax; but the Committee of Ways and Means pro-
pose to bring in a bill to revise the tariff, and in
that way we can lay a tonnage tax. It is a matter
of considerable moment. A tonnage tax of twenty
cents a ton would yield $3,500,000 annually. I
urn not satisfied of the amount that this two and
a half per cent, tax will yield; but I have no idea
that it will yield one third that amount, for, ac-
cording to the decision of the Commissioner, this
result comes to pass: if a man owns the vessel
and cargo he pays no tonnage tax, because the
Commissioner decides that the vessel does not
earn money separately from the ownership, and
that consequently she is not liable to be taxed.
But if a man does not happen to own both ves-
sel and cargo, and he sends his vessel abroad for
hire, he is obliged to pay a tonnage tax.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman, I am op-
posed to the amendment, and for this reason: an
act was passed at the last session of Congress
regulating the admeasurement of vessels, and the
effect of it has been that many of our screw-pro-
peller freight vessels on the lakes, that would
carry perhaps four hundred and fifty tons of
freight, are made to measure eighteen hundred or
two thousand tons; and now, if this tax be laid
on the tonnage, we shall be "jumping from the
frying-pan into the fire."
I would not object to the tax on tonnage if the
tonnage were made up under the old law. I be-
lieve that the evils under which transportation
companies labor are remedied by the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
l-Vlr. Strouse,] and, as representing the commer-
cial interests of the lakes, I am content with that.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 desire to add a single word,
Mr. Chairman, in support of the pendingamend-
ment, and I shall consume the brief time allowed
