1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
803
me in illustrating the point at issue by a practical
example, the details of which are personally
known to me.
During the past summer a ship-owner in my
district—a highly responsible and intelligent gen-
tleman—chartered to Governmenta vessel of four
hundred and fifty tons to carry a cargo of coal
from Philadelphia to New Orleans, for the gross
sum of $6,000. For the vessel's disbursements
in Philadelphia for painting, calking, repair of
sails, manning, provisions, and port charges, the
captain drew on the owners for $3,075 35. For
the vessel's disbursements in New Orleans for
various charges the captain drew forafurther sum
of §1,410 70. Procuring no business in New
Orleans she was compelled to proceed to Boston
in ballast, where to pay offher crew and meet other
expenses there was a further disbursement of
$1,176. At Boston the vessel chartered to go to
Philadelphia in ballast for cargo, and at Phila-
delphia, before a dollar of the new charter was
available or even earned the captain again drew
for £576. Total disbursements from time of
leaving Philadelphia to return for another cargo,
$6,238 05.
At this point the Governmentpaid the $6,000 in
certificates of indebtedness, then sellingatninety-
four, the owners thus receiving but $5,640 in cash
for the period during which the actual disburse-
ments in cash were $6,238 05,showinga net cash
loss for the time of about six hundred dollars, or,
to be precisely accurate, $598 05, besides the in-
terest on advance, nearly two hundred dollars
more.
And now, sir,after this melancholy experience
the tax collector came forward and demanded of
the owner of the vessel two and a half per cent, on
the $6,000 which the Government paid as above,
and on top of all losses already incurred actually
compelled him to pay $150 under that section of
the internal revenue law which we are now seek-
ing to amend. And the example I have given, sir,
is by no means solitary. The experiences of very
many ship-owners engaged in the coasting trade
wouldshow similardismal results,and the convic-
tion among that entire class of men—as honorable
and patriotic citizens as the Republiccan boast—
is that the law is oppressive in the extreme and
based on radically erroneous principles of tax-
ation.
There is no analogy between this tax on the
gross receipts of vessels and the tax on the gross
receipts of railroad companies. In the case of the
railroads the law allows them to add the tax di-
rectly upon the regular rates of fare, and many
of the companies have construed this in the scrip-
tural sense of liberality—being asked for one mile,
they readily go the " twain." But this mode of
relief, or of shifting the burden upon the general
public, is not practicable in the case of vessels.
There is no way in which it can be evaded or
dodged or placed on other shoulders or divided
between other parties. It comes remorselessly
upon the enterprising ship-owner, and whether
his voyage has been a profit or a loss, whether it
enriches or impoverishes him, the tax is all the
same, without discrimination and without mercy.
A man's profit in business affords a fair basis of
taxation; but it is a cruel mockcry of one's mis-
fortune to assess a tax upon losses. I trust, there-
fore, Mr. Chairman, that this unwise and unjust
tax will be repealed, and that the commercial men
of the country who do so much to sustain our
finances and our honor will be relieved from its
oppressive exactions.
Mr. «BROWN, of Wisconsin. I move an
amendment m the nature of a substitute, to strike
out the whole clause, and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
That section one hundred and three be amended by 1
sinking out the words "two and a half per cent, upon j
gio^s receipts" and inserting u two and a half per cent. :
upon the net receiptsunder £3,000, and five per cent, upon
the excess." !
The amendment of the gentleman from Maine,
in favor of which I withdrew my substitute, does '
not reach the evil as regards the lakes. The evil, ;
as the gentleman from Maine has just remarked, ,
is that the vessel-owners pay a tax upon their
losses and also upon their expenses; whereas
the hue foundation of the tax should be the
net earnings. I propose, in my amendment, to
adopt the principle of taxing the net earnings of
those vessels; and this obviates as well the ob-
jection which the gentleman from Maine raises
as applied to coasting vessels, as the objection
raised by the vessel-owners on the lakes.
Mr. BLAINE withdrew his amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Pike was agreed to.
The substitute of Mr. Brown, of Wisconsin,
was adopted.
Mr. WORTHINGTON. I move to amend
by adding the following;
That section one hundred and three be amended by add-
ing the following after the word " vehicle:"
Provided, That this section shall not apply to those teams,
wagons, and vehicles used in transporting logs for lumber
fiom the forests to the place or places of manufacture, or
to the teams or vehicles used in the transportation of ores
from the mines where the same are excavated to the place
where they are reduced or worked.
Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment to obvi-
ate any difficulty that might arise from the uncer-
tainty of the phraseology of section one hundred
and three of the law of 1864. The revenue officers
in the State of Nevada are already collecting from
the teamsters and those engaged in hauling logs
as well as mineral ores a general tax of one half
of one per cent, upon the gross proceeds, neces-
sarily collectible only after the reduction of the
ores. This operates as a hardship, and if con-
tinued will involve the suspension of that sort of
business; for it is frequently a greater percentage
than the teamsters receive for their labor. No one
can know the value of the rock until after its re-
duction. Very often rock that is considered val-
uable fails to pay the necessary expenses of re-
duction.
1 do not suppose that the imposition of this tax
was contemplated when the act was passed; but
as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue has de-
cided that this tax is properly levied in such cases,
I think it eminently just that this amendment
should b<radopted, m order to remedy the hard-
ship that now exists.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend by insert-
ing, after line six hundred and ten, the following:
That section one bundled and ten be amended by insert-
ing after the woids " 1st day of July, 1861," the word a,
" Fiovided, That on and after the 1st day of July, 1865, in
lieuot the rates of duty on circulation prescribed by this
section, there shall be levied, collected, and paid, a duty
of one quarter of one per cent, each month upon the aver-
age amount of circulation issued by any bank, association,
corporation, company, or person; and from and after the 1st
day of January, 1866, a duty of one half of one per cent,
each month upon the aveiage amount of &uch circulation
as aforesaid. And whenever the outstanding circulation
of any bank, association, corporation, company, or person,
shall be reduced to an amount not exceeding five per cent,
of the chartered or declared capital, said circulation shall
be free from taxation. And whenever any State bank or
banking association has been converted into a national
banking association, and such national banking association
has assumed the liabilities of such State bank or banking
association, including the redemption of its circulation; or,
in case a national banking association shall become the
owner or possessor of the assets, or liable foi the redemp-
tion of the circulation of any State bank that has sui ren-
dered its charter or ceased to exist, 3uch national banking
association shall be held to make the required return and
payment on the circulation outstanding, so long as such
circulation shall exceed five per cent, of the capital of such
State bank or banking association."
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
My point is, that this is not properly an amend-
ment to the pending bill, but is an amendment to
the original act. 1 submit that it is not germane
to any provision of the bill now before the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I very respectfully appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hooper] proposes to insert at
the end of line six hundred and ten an amend-
ment to section one hundred and ten of the ori-
ginal act. Upon that the gentleman from Indiana
raises the point of order that section one hundred
and ten not being embraced within the amend-
ments presented by the committee, it is not now
in order to amend that section of the original act.
The Chair holds that the pending bill brings up
the whole of the original act, and therefore he
overrules the point of order. The gentleman from
Indiana appeals from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the appeal.
Mr. HOOPER. Mr. Chairman, I wish to say,
in regard to that amendment, that it has been pre-
pared with some care to carry out the recom-
mendation of the Secretary of the Treasury in
his annual report, and also the recommendation
of the Comptroller of the Currency. One object
is to put a tax upon the circulation of the State
banks which have been converted into national
banks, or which have gone out of existence and
their circulation assumed by the national banks,
which shall be sufficient to put a stop to their cir-
culation. The other, and I may say the principal
object, is to bring about one system of currency
or bank paper throughout the country. So long
as State banks continue to issue circulation it is
intended to put a larger and disproportionate tax
upon it. Another object is to require national
banks which have assumed the circulation ofState
banks that have gone out of existence to make re-
turns, as there seems no one now required by
law to make such returns.
Mr. WILSON. I propose the following as a
substitute:
That section one hundred and ten be amended by insett-
ing after the words "1st day of July, 1864," the words,
" Provided, That on and after the 1st day of April, 1865, in
lieu of the rates of duty on circulation prescribed by this
section, there shall be levied, collected, and paid, a duty of
one half of one per cent, each month upon the average
amount of circulation issued by any bank, association,
corporation, company, or person ; and from and after the
1st day of September, 1865, a duty of one per cent, each
month upon the average amount of such circulation as
aforesaid. --And whenever the outstanding circulation of
any bank, association, corporation, company, or person,
shall be reduced to an amount notexceedmg five per cent,
ot the chartered or declared capita! said circulation shall
be free from taxation. And whenever any State bank or
banking association has been converted into a national
banking association, and such national banking association
has assumed the liabilities of such State bank or banking
association, including the redemption of its circulation, or
in case >i national banking association shall become the
owner or possessor of the assets or liable for the redemption
of the circulation of any State bank that has surrendered
its charter or ceased to exist, such national banking asso-
ciation shall be held to make the required return and pay-
ment on the circulation outstanding, so longas such eiicu-
lation shall exceed five per cent, of the capital before such
conversion of such State bank or banking association;
and no national banking association aftei it shall have re-
ceived from the Comptroller of the Currency any of its
notes for circulation, shall pay out the notes of any State
bank or banking association; and no State bank or bank-
ing association siiali issue for circulation any notes of its
own or of any other State bank or banking association after
the 1st day of April, 1865."
Mr. Chairman, I was not one of those who in
the Thirty-Seventh Congress voted for the adop-
tion of the present national banking law. I did *
not believe that it was for the interestof the coun-
try to adopt that system of banking. I did, how-
ever, vote for the amendatory act because I thought
that was an improvement of the original one.
But it is now the established policy of the Gov-
ernment, and I think that it should be made the
exclusive policy of the country so far as banks
of issue are concerned. In order to arrive at that
end I propose by this substitute to prohibit State
banks or banking associations issuing notes for
circulation after the 1st day of April, 1865.
I regard as next in importance to taxation the
reduction of the volume of the currency, because
it will make our taxes of greater value, although
the same in amount, and reduce the price of
everything the Government has to purchase.
Now, sir, I do not think that it is owing to the
issue of paper currency that the price of every-
thing in the country is so inflated, for I presume
that a like amount of gold and silver in circula-
tion would produce the same effect. We have
an example of the effect produced in California
where the circulation is gold and silver. I will
read, in illustration of this idea, an extract from
a work on foreign and domestic commerce:
"It Is contended by the commercial journals of San
Francisco that the currency of California, which is mostly
coin, is more abundant m proportion to population and
wealth than that ot the Atlantic States. The Mercantile
Gazette of February 12, 1861, represents the amount in
circulation on the Pacific coast at §25,000,000; that the
population of California with adjoining State (of Oregon)
and Territories is six hundred thousand; which gives §41 60
| per capita. The total value of real and personal property
on the Pacific coast is estimated by the Gazette to be
$340,000,000, of which $25,000,000 is about seven percent.
The currency of the loyal States cast, of the mountains,
notwithstanding its expansion to meet the exigencies of the
nation, is below those ratios to population and property.
The population of the loyal States and of the insurrection-
ary dis-tucts which are held by the Army (in June, 1«64)
is twenty-fmir million. If the currency was at the Cali-
fornia standani—forty-one dollars per capita—its aggregate
amount w«'Uld be $9"S-I,000,00u; and a proportion ot seven
ppr cent upon the total valuation of property would give
an equal aggregate."
Thi|i shows that the amount of specie circula-
tion on the Pacific coast is greater per capita than
is the paper circulation in the remainder of tha
