114
APPENDIX TO THE-CONG-EESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jamiary 24,
38th Cong.... 2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
July twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred and forty-
eight; and second section [of] act of February-
third, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, two hun-
dred and thirty thousand dollars.
For pensions to widows,mothers, children, and
sisters, under the first section of the act of fourth
July, eighteen hundred and thirty-six; actofjuly
twenty-first, eighteen hundred and forty-eight;
lii'st section of the act of February third, eighteen
hundred and fifty-three; June third, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-eight; and July fourteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, seven million dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the fol-
lowing sums be, and the same are hereby, appro-
priated to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the present fiscal year: for the payment
of pensions under the acts of March eighteenth,
eighteen hundred and eighteen; May fifteenth,
eighteen hundred and twenty-eight; June seventh,
eighteen hundred and thirty-two; thiid section of
act of July fourth, eighteen hundred and thirty-
six; July seventh, eighteen hundred and thirty-
eight; January [June] seventeenth, eighteen bun-
dled and foity-four; March thiid, eighteen hun-
dred and foity-three; February second and July
twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred arid forty-eight;
and second section of act of February third, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-three, sixty-five thousand
dollars.
For the payment of pensions under the first
section of the actof July fouith,eighteen hundred
a tid thirty-six; act of July twenty-first, eighteen
hundred and forty-eight; first section of the aetof
Februaty thiid,eighteen hundred and fifty three;
June third, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight; and
July fourteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
three million five hundred thousand dollars.
Approved, January 11, 18G5.
Chap. XIII.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act for the Punishment of Crimes in the
District of Columbia," approved March second,
eighteen hundred and thirty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Bepre-
senUitivcsofll te United Stutes of America in Congress
assembled., That the second section of an act en-
titled "An &ct for the punishment of crimes in the
District of Columbia," approved March second,
eighteen hundred and ihmy-one, be,and the same
js lo-ieby, amemh d so as to lead as follows: That
every person duly convicted of manslaughter, or
of any assault with intent to kill, shall bo sen-
tenced to suffer imprisonment and labor, for the
first offense, for a period not less than two nor
more than eight yeais, for the second offense, for
a. period not less than six nor more than fifteen
years.
Approved, January 13, 1865.
Chap. XVI..—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act to provide for carrying the Mails from
the United States to Foreign Ports, and (brother
purposes,"approved March twenty-fifth, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-four.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of Ihe United States of 'America in Congress
assembled, That the fomth section of an act en-
titled "An act to provide for carrying the mails
from the United States to foreign ports, and for
other purposes," approved Mai eh twenty-fifth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, be so amended
as to insert in the proviso in said section, after the
word " newspapers," the words "periodicals,
magazines, and exchanges," so that it will read:
Provided, That this section shall not be held to
extend to the transmission by mail of newspapers,
periodicals, magazine's, ami exchanges, from a
Known office of publication to bona fide subscrib-
ers, not exceeding one copy to each subscriber
from any one office.
Approved, January 20, 1865.
Cu-ip. XVIII.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Consular and Diplomatic Expenses of
the, (Government for the year ending thirtieth
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
s&oiftare hereby,appropriated,out ofanymoney
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the objects hereafter expressed, for the fiscal year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, namely:
For salaries of envoys extraordinary, minis-
ters, and commissioners of the United States at
Great Britain, France, Russia, Prussia, Spain,
Austria, Brazil, Republic of Mexico, China, It-
aly, Chili, Peru, Portugal, Switzerland, Rome,
Belgium, Holland, Denmark, Sweden, Tuikey,
New Granada, Bolivia, Ecuador, Venezuela,
Guatemala, Nicaragua, Sandwich Inlands, Costa
Rica, Honduras, Argentine Confederation, Par-
aguay, Japan, and Salvador, three hundred and
eight thousand five hundred dollars.
For salaries of secretaries of legation, thirty
thousand dollars.
For salaries of Resistant secretaries of legation
at London and Pans, three thousand dollars.
For salary of the interpreter to the legation to
China, five thousand dollars.
For salary of the secretary of legation to Tur-
key, acting as interpreter, three thousand dollars.
For salary of the interpreter to the legation to
Japan, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of all the missions
abroad, sixty thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,
eighty thousand dollars.
For expenses of intercourse with the Barbary
Powers,three thousand dollars.
For expenses of the consulates in the Turk-
ish dominions, namely: interpreters, guards, and
other expenses of the consulates at Constantino-
ple, Smyrna, Candia, Alexandria, and Beirut,
two thousand five hundred dollnis.
For the relief and protection of American sea-
men in foreign countries, two hundred thousand
dollars.
For expenses which may be incurred in ac-
knowledging the services of the masters and
crews of foreign vessels in rescuing citizens of
the United States from shipwieck, seven thou-
sand dollars.
For the purchase of blank-books, stationery,
book-cases, arms of the United States, seals,
presses, and flags, and for the payment of post-
ages and miscellaneous expenses of the consuls
of the United States, including loss by exchange,
fifty-five thousand dollars.
For office rent for those consuls general, con-
suls, and commercial agents who are not allowed
to trade, including loss by exchange thereon, fifty
thousand dollars.
For salaries of consuls general, consuls, com-
mercial agents, and thirteen consular clerks,
namely: '
i. consulates general.
Schedule B.
Alexandria, Calcutta, Constantinople, Frank-
fort-on-the-Main, Havana, Montreal, Shanghai.
iii. consulates.
Schedule B.
Acapulco, Aix-la-Chapelle, Algiers, Amoy,
Amsterdam, Antwerp, Aspinwall, Aux Cayes,
Bahia, Barcelona, Bankok, Basle, Belfast, Beirut,
Bergen, Bermuda,Bilbao, [Bilboa,] Buenos Ayres,
Bordeaux, Bremen, Bristol, Brindisi, Boulogne,
Cadiz, Callao, Candia, Canton, Cardiff, Chin
Kiang, Clifton, Coaticook, Cork, Cura§oa, Dem-
arara, Dundee, Elsinore, Erie, FooChoo,Funchal,
Gulatz, Gaspe Basin, Geneva, Genoa, Gibral-
tar, Glasgow, Godench, Gottenbcrg, Guaymas,
Halifax, Hamburg, Havre, Honolulu, Hong-
Kong, Jerusalem, Kanagawa, Kingston, Kings-
ton in Canada, La Rochelle, Laguayra, Lahaina,
La Paz, La Union, Leeds, Leghorn, Leipsic,
Lisbon,Liverpool,London, Lyons,Macao, Mal-
aga, Malta, Manchester, Manzamllo, Maracaibo,
Matanzas, Marseilles, Mauritius, Melbourne,
Messina, Moscow, Munich, Nagasaki, Nantes,
Naples, Nassau, (West Indies,) Newcastle, Nice,
Odessa, Oporto, Paleimo, Panama, Paramaribo,
Paris, Pernambuco, Pictou, Ponce,Port Mahon,
Prescott, Prince Edward Island, Quebec, Revel,
Rio de Janeiro, Rotterdam,San Juan del Sur,San
Juan, (Porto Rico,) Santa rider, Santiago de Cuba,
Santos, Port Sarnia, Scio, Singapore, Smyrna,
Southampton, Stockholm, Saint John, (New-
foundland,) Saint John, (New Brunswick,) Saint
Petersburg, Saint Pierre, (Martinique,) Saint
Thomas, Sfuttgardt, Swatow, Saint Helena, Ta-
basco, Tampico,Ta ngier, Tehuan tepee, Toronto,
Trieste, Trinidad de Cuba, Trinidad, Tripoli,
Tunis, Turk's Island, Valpmaiso, Valencia,
Venice, Vera Cruz, Vienna, Windsor, Zurich.
iv. commercial agencies.
Schedule B. •
Amoor River, Antigua, Balize, (Honduras,)
Gaboon, Madagascar, Sun Juan del Norte, Saint
Domingo, Saint Marc.
v. consulates.
Schedule C.
Barbadoes, Batavia, Bay of Islands, Cape Hay-
tien, Cape Town, Curihegena, C«*ylon, Cobija,
Cyprus,Falkland Islands, Fayal,Gtiyaquil,Lan-
thala, Maranham, Matamoras, Mexico, Monte-
video, Omos, Pay ta, Paso del Noi te, Pn tens, Rio
Grande,Sabanilla, Saint Catherine, Santa Cmz,
( West Indies,-) Santiago, (Cape Veid**,) Sp< zzia,
Stettin, Tahita, Talcahuano, Tumbez, Zanzibar.
vi. commercial agencies.
Schedule C.
Apia, Saint Paul dc Loando, [Loanda,] includ-
ing loss by exchange theieon, four hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
For interpreters to the consulates in China, in-
cluding loss by exchange theieon, five thousand
eight hundied dollars.
For expenses i r> cur red, under instructions from
the Secietaiy of State, in bi mgirig home from for-
eign countries persona chaiged with crime, and ex-
penses incident thereto, twenty thousand dollais.
For salaries of the marshals for the consular
courts in Japan, China, Siam, and Tuikey, in-
cluding loss by exchange thereon,nine thousand
dollars.
For rent of prisons for American convicts in
Japan, China, Siam, and Tuikey,and for wages
of the keepers of the same, nine thousand dol-
lars.
For salaries of commissioners and consuls gen-
eral to Hayti and Liberia, eleven thousand five
hundred dollars.
For expenses under theactofCongress to carry
into effect the treaty between the United States
and her Britannic Majesty for the suppression of
the Afncan slave trade, seventeen thousand dol-
lars.
For expenses under the act to encourage immi-
gration, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For expenses under the neutrality act, twenty
thousand dollars.
For expenses of the commission to run and
ma i k the boundary line between the United States
and the British possessions bounding on Wash-
ington Territory, thirteen thousand two hundted
and fifty-dollars.
Approved, January 24, 1865.
Crap. XIX.—An Act to provide for an Advance
of Rank to Officers of the Navy and Marine
Gorps for distinguished merit.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States oj Jbnericain Congress
assembled, That any officer of the Navy or Maime
corps, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, may be advanced., not exceeding thirty
numbers in rank, for having exhibited eminent
and conspicuous conduct in battle, or extraordi-
nary heroism.
Sec. ci. And be it further enacted. That any offi-
cer of the Navy or Marine corps, either of volun-
teers or otherwise, who shall be nominated to a
higher grade by the provisions of the first section
of this act, or of that of section nine of an act
entitled "An act to establish and equalize the
grades of line officers of the United States Navy,"
approved July sixteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, shall be promoted, not with stan ding the
number of said grade may be full, but no fu *tber
promotions shall take place in that grade, except
for like cause, until the number is reduced to Uiat
provided by law.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all acts,
or parts of acts, which are inconsistent with the
provisions of this act, are hereby repealed.
Approved, January 24, 1865.
