1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the noble position maintained by Governor Hicks
as the Chief Magistrate of Maryland won the con-
fidence and admiration of the loyal people of Vir-
ginia. Especially did we of West Virginia feel
grateful to him; for, if Maryland had seceded, it
would, we well knew, have greatly increased our
perils and embarrassed our efforts to preserve our
integrity.
I shall not, Mr. President, attempt to review the
connection of Governor Hicks with the events of
that darlc day in oar country's history. The dis-
tinguished colleague of the deceased has appro-
priately and eloquently done so. Suffice it forme
to say that the page on which those events shall
be recorded will be illustrious in the history of
Maryland, and will entitle the name of Governor
Hicks to be honored and revered as long as that
State or the nation endures.
It has been my privilege to occupy a seat by
the side of Governor Hicks ever since he entered
this Hall. I had, therefore, an opportunity not
only to witness his course in relation to public
affairs, but also to observe more closely the spirit
and principles, the heart and motive (so to speak)
which seemed to prompt and control his conduct.
And I declare to you, sir, that I never knew a
man whose simplicity and singleness of purpose
—whose evident sincerity, purity, and unselfish-
ness of aim to promote the honor and welfare of
his country, commanded more of my confidence
and respect. I know not if he ever aspired to
win the personal distinction and renown which
men of great intellectual parts sometimes seem to
seek with an ardor hardly secondary to the pro-
motion of the national welfare; but to me he ever
appeared to forget himself in the higherand holier
purpose of securing the public good.
When he resumed his seat here in the earlier
part of this session, the ravages of disease upon
him were painfully apparent; and in conversation
with him on different occasions, he more than in-
timated to me his presentiment that death was at
his door. And, sir, you willallow me to express
my gratification that in his zeal for his country
he did not forget his obligations to his Creator.
And here, I think, we shall find the explanation
of his singular conscientiousness in the discharge
of his duty. He feared God; and therefore he
was true to his country. Therefore it was that
the hand so affectingly raised by him in the dy-
ing hour, in token of the favor and friendship of
Heaven, refused, while strong with vigor of health
and manhood, to strike at the life of the nation
when surrounded by both friends and foes, vehe-
mently urging him to perpetrate the deed.
Mr. President, I am a believer in the assertion
that pure and practical Christianity is a political
necessity under our form of Government. I be-
lieve that it is essential to the perpetuity of our
free institutions. Christian morality is the only
sure basis of our civil liberties; and I trust I may be
pardoned for saying that the Christian statesman
is the only safe guardian of the people's rights.
Had the spirit and power of the gospel controlled
the conduct of the eminent and highly accom-
plished men who occupied the seats immediately
surrounding me in 1861, 1 feel assured that the
horrors of the present civil war would never have
cursed the land.
I therefore think it is the highest tribute which
could be paid to the memory of the deceased to
say, here m this high place of the nation, that he
was a conscientious, Christian statesman.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted.
At two o'clock the corpse, attended by the
committee of arrangements, pall-bearers, mourn-
ers, and escort of Knights Templar, was removed
from the late residence of the deceased, the Met-
ropolitan Hotel, and placed in the area in the
center of the Senate Chamber, where seats weie
provided for the remaining Senator and Repre-
sentatives from Maryland. The judges and offi-
cers of the Supreme Court of the United States,
the President of the United States, and heads of
the various Departments, the members of the
House of Representatives, preceded by then-
Speaker and officers, the Governor and aids,
Lieutenant Governor, Senate and House of Dele-
gates and Court of Appeals of Maryland, and the
Mayorand City Councils of the city ofBaltimore,
entered the Senate Chamber at intervals, and were
conducted to the seats assigned to them.
On the entrance of the Tirpse into the Senate
Chamber, Rev. Dr. McMurdy, Chaplain of the
Order of Knights Templar, read the ritual for the
dead of that Order, the responses being made by
the Knights, who were in full regalia. Prayer
was then offered up by Rev. Thomas Bowman,
D. D., Chaplain .of the Senate. Rev. B. H. Na-
dal delivered a discourse from the text, 2 Samuel,
third chapter, thirty-eighth verse: "And the king
said unto his servants, know ye not that there is a
prince and a great man fallen this day in Israel ?"
Rev. Thomas Bowman, D. D., closed the cere-
monies by an impressive prayer, and after a dirge
from the band of the Knights Templar the funeral
procession left the Senate Chamber to convey the
body to the place of interment in the following
order:
The Chaplains of Congress for the occasion.
The Physicians who attended the deceased.
Committee of Arrangements.
Mr. Foot, Mr. Buckalew,
Mr. Anthony, Mr. Morgan,
Mr. Willet, Mr. WaBE.
Escort of Knights Templar.
Pall-Bearers.
Mr. Collamer,
Mr. Davis,
Mr. Doolittle,
O
Mr. Lane of Ind.,
Mr. Poster,
Mr. Hale.
The family and friends of the deceased.
The Senators and Representatives from the
State of Maryland, the Governor and aids, Lieu-
tenant Governor, Senate and House of Delegates
and Court of Appeals of that State; the Mayor
and City Councils of the city of Baltimore, as
mourners.
TheSergeant-at-Arms of the Senate of the United
States.
The members of the Senate, preceded by the
President pro tempore and the Secretary of the
Senate.
TheSergeant-at-Arms ofthe House of Represent-
atives.
The members of the House of Representatives,
preceded by its Speaker and Clerk.
The President of the United States.
The Heads of Departments.
The Diplomatic Corps.
Judges of the United States.
Officers of the Executive Departments.
Officers of the Army and Navy.
The Mayor of Washington.
Citizens and Strangers.
After the funeral, the Senate returned to their
Chamber, and, on motion of Mr. Farwell,
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February„\5i 1865.
The House metat twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Dr. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
RECORDING VOTES.
Messrs. Pruyn, Strouse, and T oivnsend, hav-
ing asked and obtained leave to record their votes
on the motion of Mr. Thayer, on Monday last,
to lay on the table the resolution of Mr. Dawson
relative to the restoration of the Union, voted in
the negative.
MINOR CHILDREN Of DECEASED SOLDIERS.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, bjmnanimous con-
sent, offered the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
ResoJt'erf.That the Committeeon Invalid Pensions be in-
structed to inquire whatfurthei legislation, if'any, is neces-
sary to secure pensions to the minor children of deceased
soldiers, m case of the death or marriage of the widow;
with leave to report by bill or otherwise.
INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION AT OPOllTO.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the Presidentof the AJnited
States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I transmit to Congress a copy of a noteofth#2d instant,
addressed to the Secretary of State, by the eommander J.
C. de Figaniere a Morao, envoy extiaordmary and minis-
ter plenipotentiary of his most faithful Majesty the King
of Poitugal, calling attention to a proposed international
exhibition at the city of Oporto, to be opened in August ;
next, and inviting contributions thereto of the products of j
Ameiican manufactures and industry. The expediency
of any legislation on the subject is submitted for yourcon- j
sidoration. ABRAHAM LINCOLN. '
YVFthrwtry 13,18^5, 1
=fc
807
The message, with the accompanying docu-
ments, was referred to the Committeeon Foreign
Afl'airs, and ordered to be printed.
INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION IN NORWAY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of the
United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives i
I transmit to Congress a copy of a dispatch of the 12th
ultimo, addressed to the Secretary of State by the minis-
ter resident of the United States at Stockholm, relating
to an international exhibition to be held at Bergen, in Nor-
way, during the coming summer. Tho expediency of any
legislation upon the subject is submitted for your consid-
eration. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, February 13,1865.
The message, with the accompanying docu-
ments, was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PORTRAIT OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL GRANT.
Mr. INGERSOLL>by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution authorizing the pur-
chase of a portrait of Lieutenant General U. S.
Grant; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Joint Committee on the Li-
brary.
LAND-GRANT RAILROADS IN MICHIGAN.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the bill
(H. R. No. 710) to extend the time for the com-
pletion of certain railroads, to which land grants
have been made, in the States of Michigan and
Wisconsin. Yesterday, when the Clerk wasabout
to read the engrossed bill, the morning hour ex-
pired. The bill will be read.
The Clerk then read the engrossed bill.
Mr. ALLISON demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope thatthe previous ques-
tion will not be called upon a bill which appropri-
ates over two million acres of the public land.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope that at least oppor-
tunity will be afforded to us to move an amend-
ment. Iam willing to grant the extension of time
for the completion of the roads, but I want to strike
out that part of the bill which makes a grant of
additional lands. We ought to do that or repeal
the homestead law.
The SPEAKER. The bill has passed beyond
the point when it can be amended.
Mr. HOLMAN. It can be recorrtmittedto the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ALLISON. I insist on the demand for
the previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 45,
noes 44; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
Messrs. Allison and Dawson.
The House again divided;,and the tellers re-
ported—ayes' 497 hoes "49.
The SPEAKER voted in the affirmative.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the biil be laid oti
the table.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 54, nays 60, not voting 68; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ancona, John D.Baldwin, Bout-
well, Brooks, Biooumli, James S. Brown, William G.
Brown, Cobb, Dawson, Demmg. Denison, Dixon, Duinont,
Eckley, Edgerton, Eliot, Finck, Ganson, Orider, Hale, Har-
rington, Herrick, Holnian, John H. Hubbard. Hutclutis,
Philip Johnson, Knlbfloisch, Kernau, Lazear, Marcy, Mid-
dletou,William H.Miller, Morrill, Darnel Morris, Morrison,
Odell, Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Orth, Pike, Ross,
Schenck, Scofleid, JohnB. Steele, Sfvens, Stiles, Strouse,
Tboma«, To wnsend, Tracy, Elihu B. Washburrie, Webster,
and Winfield—54.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Arnold, Ashley, Daily. Augustus
C. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Bluine, Blair, Bliss, Blow,
Cole, Cox, Donnelly, Eldiidge, Farnsworth, Frank, Hi«Sy,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Uulbuul, bigersoll, Julian, Kelley,
Francis W. Kellogg, ICnox, Le Blond, Liuiejohn, Loan,
Long, Longyear, MaJlorv, Marvin, McAllister, MeBride,
McCiurg, McKtnney, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, James
R. Morris. Amos Mjers, Leonard Myers, Nelson, Prrham,
William H. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Edward H. Rol-
lins, Scott, Shannon,Simthers, WilliamG. Steele,Thayer,
Upson, Wadsworth, William B. Washburn, Whaiey,
Wilder, Wilson, Wmdom, Woodbridge, Worthington, and
Yeaman —GO.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. JamesC. Allen,William J.Allen,
Ames, Anderson, Boyd, Brandegee, Chanler, Ambrose W\
Clark, Freeman Clarke, Clay, Cofiroth, Cravens, Creswell,
Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Driggs,
Eden, English, Garfield, Gooch, Grinnell, Criswold, Hall,
Hard  g, Benjamin G Harris Charles M. Harris, Hooper,
