ms
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Jlotchkiss, Jenckes, William Johnson, Kasson, Orlando
Kellogg, King, Knapp, Law, McDowell, Mclndoe, Noble,
Norton, Patterson, Pendleton, Perry. Pomeroy, Price,
Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, John H. Rice, IloMn-
son, ttosrers, James S. Rollins, Sloan, Smith, Spalding,
Starr, Stuart, Sweat, Van Valkenburch, Voorhees, Ward,
Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Williams,
Benjamin Wood, and Fernando Wood—68.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
During the vote,
Mr. COBBstated thathiscolleague,Mr.Sloan,
was absent from the city on account of illness in
his family; and that his colleague,Mr. McIndoe,
was absent on account of indisposition.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 56, nays 58, not voting 68; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Arnold, Ashley, Baily, Augus-
tus C. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Bliss, Blow, Cole, Cox,
Domieily, Dumont, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Frank, Uigby,
Hooper, Hulhmd, Ingersoll, Jonckes, Julian, Kelley, Fian-
cis W. Kellogg, Knox, Le Blond, Littlcjohn, Loan, Long-
year, Marvin, McAllister, MeBiicle, MeUlurg, McKinney,
Samuel F. Miller, Daniel Morris, James R.Morris, Amos
Myers, Nelson, Perham, Pomeroy, William H. Randall,
Alexander 11.Rice, John II. Rice, Scott, Shan.non,Smith-
ers, Thayer, Upson, WadMVorth, William B. Washburn,
Whaloy, Wilder, Windom, Worthington; and Yeaman—5fi.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Ancowt, John J). Bald-
win, Blair, Boutwell, Biooks, Bioomall, James S. Brown,
William C. Biovvn, Cobb, Dawes, Dawson, Doming, Dcn-
ison, Dixon, Eckley, Edgerton, Eliot,Finck, (Sanson, Gri-
der. Hale, Harrington, Herriok, Holmati, John II. IJnbbard,
Ilutchins, Philip Johnson, Kalbflei^ch, Kernan, La/.ear,
Long, Marcy, Middleton, William H. Millar, Moorhead,
Morrill, Morrison, Leonard Myers, Odell, Charles O'Neill,
John O'Neill, Patterson, Ross, Schenck, Seofield, John B.
Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Strousc, Thom«v>, Town^end,
Tracy, Van Valkenburgh, Elihu B. Washburne, Wilson,
and YVintield—58.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J.
Alien, Anderson, Blatnc, Boyd, Brandegco, Chanlcr, Am-
brose VV. Clark, Fieeman Clarke, Clay, Colfioth, Cravens,
Cresvvell, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davn,, Dnygs,
Eden, English, Gailicld, Cooch, Gnnneli, Gii&wpld, Hall,
Harding, Benjamin G. Harris, (Jhailcs M. Harris, Ilotch-
kiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, William Johnson, Kasson, Or-
lando Kellogg, King, Knapp, Law, Malloiy, McDowell,
Melndoc, Noble, Noiton, Orth, Pendleton, Perry, Pike,
Price, Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson,
Rogers, Edwaid II. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Sloan,
Smith, Spalding, Starr, William G. Steele, Stuuit,Sweat,
Vooihees, Ward, Webster, Wheelei, Chilton A. White,
Joseph VV. White, Williams, Benjamin Wood, Fernando
Wood, and Woodbudgc—G8.
So the bill was rejected.
DEATH OF SENATOR HICKS.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. IIickev, their Chief Clerk, in rcfcrcnce to the
death of Thomas Holliday Hicks, a Senator
from the State of Maryland.
The message was read, as follows:
Resolved unanimously, That the members of the Senate,
from a sinceie desne ol showing every mark of respect to
the memory of Hon Thojia& Hollii>ay llxciv!-, di'i'isas-ed,
a Senator Irotn the State ol M.uyiaml, will go i. 1 > mourn-
ing tor the les-idue ol the prcsenthesMon, by the i.^ual mode
of wearing crape on the left arm.
Resolved unanimously, That the members of the Senate
will attend the futieial of the deceased liom the Senate
Chamber at two o'clock p. m. to-day, and that the com-
mittee of arrangements superintend the same.
Ordered, Thatthe Secretaiy communicate thes-e proceed-
ings to the House of Representatives, with the reque^tthat
that House unite in the ceremonies ol this occasion.
Mr. WEBSTER. I desire to say, preceding
my remarks on this sad occasion, that my col-
league [Mr. Davis] is detained from the House
by indisposition; otherwise he would take part
in these proceedings.
Mr. Speaker, it becomes my painful duty to
announce to the House of Representatives the
death of Hon. Thomas Holliday Hicks, a Sen-
ator in Congress from the State of Maryland.
He died at the Metropolitan Hotel, in this city,
on Monday last, February 13, 1865.
In the winter of 1864 Mr. Hicks received a se-
vere injury to his left ankle, which,a few weeks
later, compelled the amputation of his foot above
the ankle joint. From the effects of this loss lie
never entirely recovered, and though he continued
to attend to the laborious duties of his position,
yet his friends perceived that much of his former
physical vigor was gone, and that he was greatly
overtaxing his strength. About two weeks before
his death he ceased to occupy his seat in the
Senate Chamber, and a skillful physician was
called to see him. His friends still believed that
rest and quiet would restore to a considerable
degree his strength, and fondly hoped that hio life
might be spared for many years to come. But
on Friday morning last he was entirely prostrated
by an attack of paralysis, and though he main-
tained his consciousness until within a few hours
of his death, yet all hope of his recovery was
then abandoned. From this time he sank gradu-
ally until the hour of his dissolution, when calmly,
without a struggle or a groan, his spirit passed
from earth.
It will be consoling to his afflicted children who
were unable to reach this city before his death,
as well as his numberless friends, to know that
loving hearts and skillful handsassiduously min-
istered to all his wants, and strove, as far as hu-
man agency could, to alleviate all his sufferings.
Nor were the consolations of our holy religion
wanting. An eminent divine and his personal
friend (Rev. Dr. Nadal) piously attended at his
bedside and^pointed his thoughts to "the world
that is to come." To him my dying and la-
mented friend,even after the power of speech was
gone, by hand upraised to heaven, and face glow-
ing with celestial light, unmistakably declared
his faith in a crucified Redeemer, arid his implicit
trust in His promises and atonement.
Governor Hicks was born in Dorchester county,
Maryland,September 2,1798. His father was a
respectable farmer, with limited meansand a large
family, able to give his son little advantages of
education. As a boy, he attended the common
country schools of the neighborhood, then even
more indifferent than now. As a youth, he as-
sisted his father in the cultivation of the farm;
and when manhood came, he went forth from the
paternal roof to struggle unaided against the rude
bufferings of the world, and by the fierce contests
he thus waged with the pride and prejudices and
position of those around him, to fit himself for
that fiercer contest which he was long after to wage
with the passions and prejudices of the enemies
of his country. Shot tly after arriving at his ma-
jority he was appointed a constable, and so dili-
gently, so faithfully, and with such uprightness
did he discharge the duties of this humble office,
that in 1824, then in the twenty-sixth year of his
age, he was elected sheriff of his native county,
a position of importanceand respectability, which
he filled much to his own credit and to the entire
satisfaction of the community.
After this he was several times elected to the
Legislature of his State, and in 1836 was chosen
a member of the senatorial electoral college of
Maryland. He took a prominent part in the
efforts to organize that body, which attracted so
much attention throughout the country. Shortly
afterward he was selected as one of the members
of Governor Vezey's Council, and in 1838 was
appointed by that gentleman the register of wills
for Dorchester county. This office, under the
testamentary system of Maryland one of great
importance, he occupied for nearly twenty years,
being reappointed by Governor Pratt m 1844, and
elected by the people in 1850. Never did a faith-
ful officer more ably discharge the responsible
duties of this position. The widow and the orphan
always found in him a friend, who spared no
labor to protect their interests and defend them
from injustice and wrong. He soon became per-
fectly familiar with the testamentary laws of the
State, and so completely did the people of his
county rely upon the wisdom of his official de-
cisions, and the purity and fairness of his friendly
counsels, that it was rare indeed that litigation
grew out of his settlement of the estates of de-
ceased persons. In 1850 he took part in the con-
stitutional convention ofMaryland, which framed
the constitution of that date, and was known as
a laborious and influential member of that body.
His reputation had now extended over his en-
tire State, and in 1857 he was elected Governor
of Maryland, and entered upon the discharge of
the duties of this high office in January, 1858.
For four^years he occupied the gubernatorial
chair. A fihv months after the conclusion of his
term, in December, 1862, by the death of the late
lamented James A. Pearce, a vacancy occurred
; from the State of Maryland in the Senate of the
United States. To this, Governor ljmdfuid, rep-
resenting the wishes of the Union people of the
;■ State, appointed Governor Hicks, and a year
later, on the assembling1 of the L°jriblature. he was
elected to fill the balance of the unexpired term
ending March 4, 1867. *
This, in brief, is the history of my late la-
mented colleague. There is one portion of his
life, however, that deserves, ay demands, at my
hands more extended notice. It was during his
term as Governor of Maryland that the present
wicked rebellion was inaugurated; and well was
it for Maryland and her people, well was it for
the capital of the nation, and the national honor,
if not life, that Thomas Holliday Hicks was
then the Governor of Maryland. Sir, as 1 satin
grief by his dying bedside, and saw " the strong
man bowed," palsied with disease and helpless as
an infant, in my inmost soul I thanked God that
that divine visitation had not come while his hand
yet held the helm of my native and beloved State.
What scenes of anarchy, of confusion, of blood-
shed, and desolation to her fair fields would have
followed my heart sickens to contemplate. But
his natural vigor was not then abated. The les-
sons of self-reliance which he had learned in his
early and maturer manhood, that decision of char-
acter and firmness of purpose which had become
a part of his nature, and above all his instinctive
and unquenchable love of country—that country
under whose benign institutions he had risen,
and all othersmight rise, from the humblest walks
of life—had fitted and prepared him to resist all
efforts, coming from what quarter soever, which
looked to a disruption of the Union and placing
Maryland by the side of her rebellious sisters.
Any one who will recall the history of the four
months which immediately preceded Mr. Lin-
coln's inauguration in 1861 will remember how
repeated and persistent these efforts were.
The plan of the original conspirators, as has
since become apparent, was to unite, if possible, all
the slaveholdmg States in one common movement,
seize the capital and the public archives before
the inauguration of Mr. Lincoln, overthrow the
Government, establish a southern confederacy,
and then admit such of the non-slaveholding States
as might be willing to introduce the institutions
of the South among them.
It was essentially necessary to secure the coop-
eration of Maryland to succeed in these infamous
purposes. The capital stood upon the ancient soil
of that State, and according to the peculiar viesvs
of these conspirators, Maryland had the rightnot
only to sever her connection with the Union, but
also to reclaim her grantof the District of Colum-
bia. This would have given them color of au-
thority in holding on to the capital, establishing
here the seat of their government, and demand-
ing recognition from foreign Powers. It was also
of the first importance to these conspirators that
their friends in Maryland should be organized
and armed, ready for the emergency, that when
the time for action came they might swoop down
upon the capital before assistance could be ob-
tained fiom the northern States. All this could
only be done through the Legislature of that State.
Fortunately the sessions of the Legislature were
biennial. 11 had been in session the winter before,
and would not again assemble until January,
1862.
The great majority of this Legislature was
known to be m sympathy with the southern
leaders. At its session in 1860 it had pas ed the
most obnoxious law on the subject of slavery
ever placed on the statute-books of Maryland.
Contrary to the wishes of a great majority of
the people, contrary to their practices from time
immemorial, and contrary to their conscientious
convictions of right, they enacted that thereafter
no slaves should ever be emancipated by their
owners in that State. More than this. Taking
advantage of the excitement produced by John
Brown's invasion of Virginia, they had appro-
priated §70,000 for the purchase of arms, and pro-
vided for their distribution throughout the State.
1 repeat, a great majority of this Legislature was
known to be in favor of Maryland taking her
position with the other slaveholding States.
In Maryland theGovernorhas no powerofveto,
so that when assembled the Legislature is entirely
beyond his control; but he alone had the author-
ity to assemble it in special session. It was then
of tin highest importance to the conspiratois that
he should exercise thiw anthoi ity. Soon after Mr.
Lincoln's election in 1860, the public efforts to
induce him to take this step began to be made.
Some of the most prominentmen in that part of the
