118
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 23,
38th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Laios of the United Slates.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That upon
application of the p<uty whose property lias been
attached, the court or any judge theieof may dis-
charge the warrant of attachment as to the prop-
erty of the applicant: Provided, That such appli-
cant shall enter into and execute to the United
States a good and sufficient penal bond in double
the amount of the value of the property attached,
conditioned for the return of said property, or to
answerany judgment which may be rendered by
the court in the premises, which bond shall be
approved by the eouit or any judge thereof.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the fees,
costs, and expenses of issuing nnd serving the
warrants of attachment authorized by this act
shall be regulated as far as possible by the,e bat-
ing Jaws of the United States and the rules of court
made in pursuance thereof. In the case of pre-
liminary trials as to the validity of the attach-
ment or the ri'fht of propelty, clerks' and mar-
shals* fees shall be the same as in ordinary cases,
and the docket fee of the district attorney shall
be ten dollaiH.
Sec. 9. And be it further cnachds That this aet
shall not be construed so ay to Irmt or abridge
in any manner such lights of the Unittd States
us have accrued or been allowed in any district
under the foimer practice of the United States
couits or the adoption of State laws by said
courts.
Approved, February 23, 18G5.
Chap. XLVIII.—An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled "An Act to amend an Act to incorporate
the inhabitants of the City of Washington,
packed May fifteen, ei^htc-. n hundred ami twen-
ty," approved May iihh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-fuur.
lie it cnaclcd by the Senate, and House of Repre-
sent ah, dcs oj the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the act, appi ovrd May firth, eigh-
let n bundled and sixty-four, entitled "An act to
amend 'An actio incorporate the inhabitants ot the
city of Washington,'passed May fiiteen,eighteen
hundied and twentyhe construed amended so as
to i ead as loliows: i'hat t he stud corpoi a lion shall
have full power and authority to lay taxes on par-
ticular ward*, paitw, ot Mictions of the citv, for '
then parucuhu foml improvements, and to cause
tin- oui b-stoncs to be .set, the foot and carriage
ways, or so much (hereof as they may deem
best, to be graded nnd paved; to inftoduce the
necessary sewerage and dinnmge facilities under
and upon the whole orany portion of any avenue,
street, or alley, to cause the sumo to be suitably
paved and repaired, and at all times piopeily
cleaned and watered; to cause lamps to be ejected
therein, and to light the same and to pay the cost
thereof, the corporation of Washington is hereby
authorized to lay and collect a tux upon all prop-
City boi dering upon eacl  street or alley that may
be paved, sewered, lighted, cleaned, or watered
by said corporation in accordance with the pro-
visions of this act. And also to lay, or cause to
be juid, simultaneously with the guiding or pav-
ing of any avenue, street, or alley in which a main
water-pipe or mam gas-pipe, or mam sewer may
have been laid, water or gas seivice pipes or lat-
eral house drams, ftom auch water or gas mam
or main sewer to one foot wnhiu the euib linem
front of every jot or fcubdivi.sional pait of a lot
which may bound on such avenue, street, or al-
ley, and to which a gas or water service pipe or
house dram may not have been already laid,and
to pay the cost thereof, shall have full power and
authority to lay and collect a special tax on every
such lot or sundivisional part of a lot.
Approved, February 23, 18U5.
Ciiap. XL1X.—An Act to incorporate the Sisters
of Mercy in the Distiict ot Columbia.
3k it enacted by the Senate and Nome of Repre-
sentatives of tae United States ofJhnet ica hi Congress
assembled^ That Uabid Atkinson, Ehzabuh Med-
calf, Teresa Byrne, ElJen Matthews, Mary Dully,
Teresa Moran.and Ellon Wynne, and their suc-
cessors, hereafter to become Sisters of Mercy, and
to be appointed according to the rules and regu-
lations that have been or may hereafter be estab-
lished by their association, be, and they are here-
by ,madejdeclared, and constituted a corporation
or body-politic, in law and in fact, to have con-
tinuance forever, by the name, style, and U4rle of
the " Sisters of Mercy in the District of Colum-
bia."
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That ell and
singular the lands, houses, tenements, rents,lega-
cies,'annuities, rights, property, privileges, goods,
and chattels, heretofore given, granted, devised
or bequeathed to the said Sisters of Mercy, in
the District of Columbia, or to any individual
of the said corporation, or to any person or per-
sons for the use of said corporation, or that have
been purchased fo*oron account of the same be,
and they are hereby, vested in, and confirmed to,
the said corporation; and that the said corpora-
tion may purchase, take, receive, hold,and apply
fo the uses and purposes of the same, according
to the rules, regulations, and by-laws that they
may establish from time to time, for the manage-
ment of the concerns of the said society or cor-
poration, any lands, tenements, rents, legacies,
annuities, rights, property, nnd privileges, orany
goods, chattels, or other effects of what kind or
nature soever, which shall or may have been or
may hereafter be given, granted, sold, bequeathed
or devised unto the said association or corporation
by any person or persons, bodies politic or cor-
porate, capable of making such grants, sale, or
bequest, and that the said association or corpo-
ration of the Sisters of Mercy, in the District of
Columbia, may dispose of and convey the same
as they may deem proper: Provided, That the
said association or corporation shall not, at any
one time, hold, use, possess, and enjoy, within
the District of Columbia, either by legal seizure,
or trust, for its use and benefit, more than three
hundred and twenty acres of land, nor shall the
said association or corporation hold, in its own
right, or by any other person in trust, or for its
benefit, real estate the annual net income of which,
after discharging all its expenses, debts, and lia-
bilities, shall exceed the sum of fifty thousand
dollars.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, Thatthesaid
corporation, by the name of the Sisters of Mercy,
in the District of Columbia, be, and shall be here-
after, capable in law and in equity to sue and be
sued, within the District of Columbia and else-
where, in as effectual a manner as other persons
or corporations can sue or be sued, and that the
satd corpoiation, or a majority of the persons
composing the same, shall adopt and use a com-
mon seal, and the same to use, alter, or change
at pleasure, and from time to time make such by-
laws, not inconsistent with the Constitution of
the United States or any law of Congressman they
mny deem expedient and proper forcarrying into
effect the objects of the said association or cor-
poration, including the care, control, and educa-
tion of children; the care, protection, instruction,
and employment of destitute females; the care,
nursing, and alleviation of the sufferings of sick
or wounded persons, and such other objects of
literature and charity as may be determined upon
by their by-laws, as afoiesaid, and which their
means and net income may enable them to effect
and support.
Sfcc. 4. Andbeitfurther enacted,Thfiti^nt any
time hereafter, any of the persons hereinbefore
named, or any of then* successors, as Sisters of
Mercy, in the District of Columbia, shall cease
to belong to the said association or corporation,
according to the said by-laws, such persons shall
thereafter have no part or control in the proceed-
ings of the said association or corporation under
or in pursuance of the provisions of this act.
Sec. 5. And be it farther cnacteA^ That the said
association or corporation shall have power to
appoint such officers,agents, and persona as may
be necessary, and to construct or purchase such
buildings or to create such establishments as may
be required to effect and carry out the humane
and charitable objects of its institution,in accord-
ance with its by-laws and regulations, as afore-
said, under this act.
Six. 6. And be it further enacted, That the ;
schools and all other institutions of instruction, !
education, or employment, established by the J
Sisters of Mercy in the District of Columbia, '
shall at all times be subject to the visitation and j
inspection of the justices of the supreme court i
of the District of Columbia,or anyone of them, i
or the Committees on the District of Columbia in
either House of Congress, or any other commit-
tee of Congress that either House may appoint
and the books, records, and proceedings of said
Sisters of Mercy shall at all times be subject to
the examination and inspection of said justices
or any such committee.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That this act
may,at any time hereafter, be amended, altered,
or repealed, in whole or in part, according to the
pleasure of Congress.
Approved, February 23,1865.
Chap. L.—An Act to amend an Act entitled " An
Actto incorporate the Columbia Institution for
the Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb and the
Blind," approved February sixteen, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That so much of said act as lequire*
the teaching of the blind in said institution be
and the same is hereby, repealed, and the cor«
porate name and style thereof shall hereafter hi
"The Columbia Institution for the instructor
of the Deaf and Dumb."
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Sec
retary of the Interior be, and he is hereby, au
thorized to cause all indigent blind children who
are now, or may hereafter become entitled, under
the law as it now exists, to instruction in said in-
stitution,to be instructed in some institution for
the education of the blind, in Maryland, or^ome
other State, at a cost not greater for each pupil
than is, or may be for the time being, paid by such
State, and to cause the some to be paid out of the
Treasury of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall take effect from and after the thirtieth day
of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-five.
Approved, February 23,1865.
Chap. LIT.—An Act to prevent Officers of th<?
Army and Navy, and other Persons engaged
in the Military and Naval Service of the Uni-
ted States, from interfering in Elections in the
States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Americain Congress
assembled, That it shall not be lawful forany mili-
tary or naval officer of the United States, or other
person engaged in the civil, military, or naval
service of the United States, to order, bring, keep,
or have under his authority or control, any troops
or armed men at the place where any general or
special election is held in any State of the United
States of America, unless it shall be necessary to
repel the armed enemies of the United States, or
to keep the peace at the polls. And that it shall
not be lawful forany officer of the Army or Navy
of the United States to prescribe or fix, or attempt
to prescribe or fix, by proclamation, order, or
otherwise, the qualifications of voters in any State
of the United States of America, or in any manner
to interfere with the freedom of any election in
any State, or with the exercise of the free right
of suffrage in any State of the United States. Any
officerof the Army or Navy of the United States,
or other person engaged in the civil, military, or
naval service of the United States, who violates
this section of this act, shall, for every such of-
fense, be liable to indictment as for a misdemeanor,
m any court of the United States having jurisdic-
tion to hear, try, and determine cases of misde-
meanor, and on conviction thereof shall pay a
fine not exceeding five thousand dollars, and suf-
fer imprisonment in the penitentiary not less than
three months, nor more than five years, at the
discretion of the court trying the same; and any
person convicted as aforesaid shall, moreover, ba
disqualified from holding any office of honor,
profit, or trust, under the Government of the Uni-
ted States: Provided, That nothing herein con-
tained shall be so construed as to prevent any
officers, soldiers, sailors, or marines, from exer-
cising the light of suffiage in any election district
to which he may belong, if otherwise qualified
according to the laws of the State ixi which he shall
offer to vote.
Seq.2. Andbe. it further enacted, That any officer
or person in the military or naval serviee of the Urn-
