810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
the day of his death, notwithstanding our dispar-
ity in yeara, his many generous qualities, com-
bined with his fervent patriotism, had won my
affection and sincere esteem. I am not ashamed
to confess to the humblestof his friends that I, too,
have wept over his unexpected and painful death.
We who knew him well, who freely mingled
with him in social intercourse, who think we un-
derstood his nature and fairly appreciated his
faults as well as his virtues, are unwilling that
posterity, in making an estimate of the character
of Governor Hicks, shall be confined to the dry
details of the historian.
" History preserves only the flesliless bones
Ot what we are, and by the mocking skull
The would-be wise pretend to guess the features !
Without the roundness and the glow of life
How hideous is the skeleton! Without
The colorings and humanities that clothe
Our errors, the anatomists of schools
Can make our memory hideous." #
Thomas Holliday Hicks was no scholar, no
orator. Notwithstanding the many disadvantages
under which he labored, it is safe to say that no
man has exerted a greater influence on the politics
of Maryland, or has accomplished more for the
good of his State and. fellow-citizens in his day
and generation than he. Pie chose his party be-
cause of his approval of the principles which it
proclaimed, and then gave it his entire and cor-
dial support, A disciple of Henry Clay, he ac-
cepted the teachings of the Sage of Ashland as the
axioms of his political creed. He wasfirsta Demo-
crat of the old school, then a Whig, then an Amer-
ican, and on the formation of the Union party he
threw his whole soul into that movement and la-
bored unceasingly to promote its success. To all
the parties' to which he was successively attached
herendered the most important services. He was
always looked up to as a leader, and always did
the work of a leader.
Yet he was not a brilliant man in any respect.
His great distinguishing mental characteristic
was his intuitive knowledge of human nature, and
his great capacity for the management of men.
Ilis mind was eminently practical, and he dealt
with men and things as they were, fie some-
times entered into public discussions on the hus-
tings, and frequently exhibited great tact and as-
tuteness in debate. He proclaimed his sentiments
everywhere, and never ceased to inculcate what
he believed to be the truth. But the great arena
of his triumphs was the social circle. Whereso-
ever known, he had so-completely the confidence
of men of every position in life, high as well as
low, that his views were often quoted as having
the weight of authority. The people of his own
county seemed to hang; with pleasure on his words
and to delight in paying him honor.
His house at Appleby was open to all the world,
and especially was it the refuge of the afflicted.
He was the friend and counselor of all in trouble.
His purse was open to every meritorious demand
for assistance. Although free from all ostenta-
tion and for many years in receipt of a respect-
able income, his boundless charities and his dis-
position to aid otheis kept hun continually in
straitened circumstances. He was in truth the
friend and benefactor of the poor, not only min-
istering to their wants, but ever lending them a
willing sympathy.
" When that the poor have cried, Cajsar hath wept."
Even his political enemies acknowledged his
manifold and unwearied kindnesses, and his ex-
cellent qualities as a man and a neighbor. So
clear and pure was he in all the relations of pri-
vate life that even malice was compelled to bear
witness to his exalted worth.
Thomas Holliday Hicks was Governorof his
native State in the early stages of the rebellion.
His management of State affairs during that
period has been subjected to the severest scrutiny
and to the most unfair criticism. It has been the
habit to talk of him and his conduct as if he had
nothing to do but to call his friends around him
and summon the military of the State to the de-
fense of the national capital. Alas! in thathour
of sore trial his friends were beyond the sound
of his voice, and the military were in arms against
their country. Those who clustered about him
to proffer advice were his life-long enemies. The
host which gathered at Ins hotel was a hooting
mob, yelling like demons and threatening to hang
him to the nearestlamp-post. Blood had already
been shed; treason was rife; civil war was fla-
grant. The dead of a sister State, foully slain
by traitors in the streets of Baltimore, had been
counted as the first mangled and blood-stained
victims of rebellion. Secession was fully armed.
Much of the machinery of government was in
the hands of rebels. Everything was uncertain.
Men in high places were no longer to be trusted.
The Union sentiment was utterly without organi-
zation and was taken totally by surprise. The
Governor stood alone among his foes. Then the
tempters said to him, "Let us avoid bloodshed
among Marylanders, let us prevent war in our
streets,let us have peace among ourselves." He
cared not for himself, and they knew it; but they
appealed to his love for his people, and exhorted
him to quiet the excitement and prevent further
strife and massacre. It was a time of great doubt
and peril, such as comes but once in centuries.
He postponed the demands of the national Gov-
ernment until the loyal sentiment of the people
should gain confidence and find its voice. Of all
those who censure him, who would have done
better? Our sturdy old Governor never for a
single moment sympathized with treason in any
form, or even doubted as to the plain path of duty.
His was never the heart of a traitor. The best
evidence of his fidelity may be found in the un-
wavering devotion of all his life. He had not a
hope for himself, his children, his friends, or his
country, that was not based upon the integrity
and perpetuity of the Union. If it be true that
the eye when glazing in death is endowed with
prophetic vision, 1 doubt not that his dying mo-
ments were cheered by the joyful prospect, soon
to be revealed to us, of peace and happiness won
by valor and restored by victory.
His days are numbered. The whole of his ca-
reer is before the world. Men may now pass
judgment upon another fellow-mortal who has
gone from earth. If we approach his bier and
look down upon the mortal remains of Thomas
Holliday Hicks, and then recount the whole
story of his life and death, we must in justice say,
" Nothing1 is here for tears, nothing to wai!
Or knock the breast; no weakness, no contempt,
Dis«piai«?e, or blame; nothing but well and fair,
Ami what may quiet us in u death so noble."
Mr. SMITHERS. Mr. Speaker, a good man
has been gathered unto his fathers, and it is meet
that I should lay upon his biemi simple testimo-
nial of respect and gratitude.
Though it may nut be permitted me to call him
great, yet ifincorruptibleiniegiity, unostentatious
piety, and unwavering devotion lo his country be
worthy to be imitated or admired, then may it be
truly said that Thomas Holliday Hicks has not
lived in vain. Born with no accidental advan-
tage of wealth, blessed with no culture of liberal
education, he so demeaned himself in all the re-
lations of life as to secure die affection and confi-
dence of his fellow-men, who having committed
to him the discharge of minor official duties, ele-
vated him to the position of Governor of Mary-
land; and in the darkest hour of the peril of the
Republic he Jfcld in his hands the welfare of his
native State.
How well he executed his trust, how faithfully
he administered his high office, the appreciation
of the living manifests, and the approval of pos-
terity will attest. Had he yielded to the blandish-
ments of base conspirators, had he blenched be-
fore the storm of indignation that assailed him,
no human power could have averted from Mary-
land the miseries of civil strife. His fidelity
baffled the designs of domestic traitors and checked
the progress of rebellion; his temporizing policy
held treason in suspense, and gave opportunity
to the loyal North to rush to the succor of this
threatened capital; and that we sit here to-day, in
this Council Chamber of the nation, is due, per-
haps, under the favor of the Almighty, to the
faithfulness of him whom we mourn. Over the
grave of such a man it is pardonable to linger with
unwonted regret; but while we pay this tribute of
honor to his memory, let us rest in confidence
that history will record his virtues, and in assur-
ance that, after a well-spent life, he has calmly
passed to the enjoyment of a Christian immor-
tality.
Mr. KELLEY. It has, by their kindness, been
my privilege to participate with some frequency
in the protracted and sometimes intense struggle
of the people of Maryland for the Union and free-
dom; and my State is largely indebted to the late
Senator Thomas Holliday Hicks. 11 has there-
fore been thought fitting that I should add my
humble word to what has been so appropriately
said on this occasion.
In my many visits to Maryland during this
trying period 1 became somewhat familiar with
Senator, or Governor Hicks, as he was when I first
knew him. I found himever frank and courteous
to his peers, and kind, kind but without con-
descension, to the young, the poor, and the hum-
ble. His intercourse with all was easy and nat-
ural, and his manners were but the fit expression
of his manly nature. This is well attested by the
constancy with which honors attended him. He
whose death wemourn,dyingasaSenator of the
United States, was once a constable, and doubt-
less proud of the confidence in him exhibited by
his fellow-citizens in electing him to this humble
office; and from the day he entered upon its duties
to the moment in which he breathed his last, and
passed gladly to the bosom of his Maker, the badge
of office attested how fully he enjoyed the confi-
dence, the increasing confidence, of the people
among whom he lived. It has been said, and I
apprehend with perfect truth,^hat during this
long career no man ever doubted his integrity.
It seemed to me, sir, as I listened to the rapid
sketch of his biography, that he was a chosen
instrument in the hands of Providence for our
g'ood. The Almighty sees the end fiom the be-
ginning. Itis notso with men; and the wealthy,
the powerful, the arrogant, and the aristocratic
land and slave owners among whom this poor
child was born did not foresee, when they gave
him their confidence, and made him first consta-
ble, then sheriff, and then promoted him from
stage to stage, that they were qualifying him to
be the power to curb their aspirations and con-
trol the destiny of their descendants. They did
not foresee that they were training in that honest
farmer boy a man who, by his will, should con-
travene their ambitious purposes and determine
whether the capital of the country should remain
so, or become the capital of a foreign and des-
potic confederacy. Yet more potent than any
hundreds of men was Governor Hicks in the de-
cision of that question.
It is said that he wavered about the time that
that question was pending in nicest balance. INo
man will say that his loyalty yielded. The ut-
most that can be said is, that in a period of revo-
lutionary excitement, when the armed men around
him were all the foes of his cause, when those
whom the people of his State had invested with
power and indicated as his counselors all enter-
tained views different from his, and when those
who loved the Union came to him with multiplied
and diverse counsels, his judgment was for a mo-
ment bewildered. His instincts, his purposes,
were ever true and patriotic. His caution, his
courage, his will, his devotion to the cause, saved
Maryland to the Union, in the crisis, and so se-
cured the inauguration of the President of the
country in its capital, and enabled the North to
maintain him there without interval. In doing
this he saved Maryland, Delaware, and south-
eastern Pennsylvania from becoming the Belgium
of this terrible war; and his name will be dear to
the future people of Pennsylvania and of Dela-
ware, as it is to-day to those of his native State.
I shall not attempt a sketch of his biography.
I shall utter no formal words of eulogy. His life,
his character, his deeds, are among the richest
treasures of his native State. Let them be faith-
fully told. History has been to me through life
valuable only as it gave me an insight into the char-
acters and motives ofiis actors. LetMaryland tell
with pride the story of Thomas Holliday Hicks.
Let her speakof his humble origin. Let her say
that slavery denied him the advantages even of the
cheap country school. And let her show how, in
spite of all the curses inflicted on man by that in-
stitution, he became what he was; and she will
not only illustrate the beneficence of our repub-
lican institutions, but gladden the heart of many a
poor father and mother and quicken the pulse and
embolden the spirit of the poor and aspiring boy
through countless generations. Thomas Holli-
day Hicks was a poor farmer's boy. He entered
on his official career a constable. He died a Sen-
ator; and a grateful nation mourns his death. I
apprehend tiiat rhetoric can add no force and eu-
'I logy no power to these brief words,
