1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
The question was taken, and the resolutions
were unanimously adopted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that, by
the operation of the resolutions, there will be no
evening session to-day. The Chair is requested
by the committee of arrangements on the part of
the Senate to state that carriages have been pro-
vided for all the members of the House who may
desire to go to the Cemetery to perform the last
sad rites to the deceased Senatorfrom Maryland.
Thereupon the members of the House, headed
by the Speaker and Clerk, and preceded by the
Sergeant-at-Arms, marched, two by two, to the
Senate Chamber.
After the return from the Cemetery the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 16, 1865.
Prayer by Rev. Thomas Bowman, D. D.,
Chaplain of the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of December 19, 1864, copies of reports
made by Major General Herron of inspections in
the department of Arkansas; which was read, and
ordered to lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES. I present a petition signed by
Rear Admiral David D. Porter and divers and
sundry lieutenant commanders and commanders
on the active list of the United States Navy, who
represent that the pay of their respective grades
and duties as established by law for a naval
peace establishment, prior to and at the begin-
ning of the present war with rebels, was greatly
reduced by the act of Congress approved July
16, 1862, which was passed while they, or nearly
all of them, were engaged in the arduous duties
consequentupon an extended blockade, or in act-
ive hostilities with the enemy. They therefore
pray that so much of the act of Congress to "es-
tablish and equalize the grades of the line officers
of the Navy," approved July 1G, 1869, as relates
to the pay of captains and commanders, and of
the pay at sea of lieutenant commanders, (pre-
viously recognized as lieutenants commanding,)
maybe repealed so as to restore to their respect-
ive grades and duties the pay to which they were
entitled and received prior to the passage of that
act. I move the reference of this petition to the
Committee on Naval AfFairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I present the petition of
Richard Poster, a colored man, who represents
that he has been in the United States service for
two or three years and has lost a leg, but he was
never mustered into the service, so that he can-
not claim a pension; but he asks for some com-
pensation in order that he may be able to procure
a cork leg; and he also asks for a further con-
sideration to enable him to go to school. I move
that the petition be referred to the committee on
slavery and freedmen.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RROWN. I present a memorial from the
State convention of Missouri, asking Congress
to make an appropriation to pay the amount
expended by the State of Missouri in military
equipments. 1 will state in presenting this me-
morial that a bill to that effect has already passed
.the Senate, and I therefore move that the me-
morial lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I present a petition of citi-
zens of New York, in which they respectfully
pray for the enactment of a law preferring for
appointments to ail inferior offices persons honor-
ably discharged from the military or naval ser-
vice of the United States, who shall have served
for a period of three years during the present re-
bellion, or who shall have suffered permanent
disability while in the service, or who shall be
held one year as prisoners of war, and that the
tenure of such office be for life or during good
behavior. This petition is signed by General
Winfield Scott, Peter Cooper, General Dix, and
three thousand six hundred other persons in the
city of New York. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mi-
litia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented a petition of
officers of the seventh Army corps, praying for
an increase of the pay of Army officers; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILKINSON presented a memorial ofthe
Legislature of the State of Minnesota in favor of
the extension of the mail route from Red Wing
to Mantonville, so that there maybe atri-weekly
mail from Red Wing via Mantonville, Ashland,
Madison, and Lansing, to Austin, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial ofthe Legislature
of the State of Minnesota in favor of a mail route
from Rochester via Salem, Union Springs, Ash-
land, and Oak Glen, to Geneva, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Post Of-
fices and Post Roads.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of citizens
of Suffolk county, New York, praying for the es-
tablishment of a mail route from Manorville, via
Eastport and Speonk, to Westhampton; which
was referred to the Committee on PostOffices and
Post Roads.
Mr. HENDERSON presented a memorial of
citizens of the State of Missouri praying for the
establishment of a fort or garrison near the south-
west corner of that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presentad a memorial of the constitu-
tional convention of the State of Missouri in favor
of the payment by the General Government of the
military debt of that State incurred in the defense
of the General Government; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of manufac-
turers of paper, praying for a reduction of the
duty upon all imported articles entering into the
manufacture of paper equal to that on printing
paper; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That the petition ami papers of Irwin P. Long,
on behalf of the Wyandotte Indians, praying for an allow-
ance for discount and interest on bonds held by the United
States in trust for that tribe, be withdrawn trom the files of
the Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
449) making a grant of public lands to the State
of Michigan to aid in the construction of a rail-
road along the mineral range in that State; which
was read twice by its title, and rufcrrcti to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 445) mak-
ing a grant of alternate sections of public lands to
the State of Michigan to aid in the construction
of a ship-canal to connect Lake Superior with
Portage lake in the upper peninsula of that State;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
446) to increase the efficiency of the staff of the
Army; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
447) to provide for the sale of rejected private
land claims; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. COLLAMER, from tKe Committee on
PostOffices and Post Roads, to whom was re-
ferred a petition of citizens of Kansas, praying
that the mail route from Kansas City, Missouri,
to Lawrence, Kansas, by way of Westport, Mis-
souri, maybe changed so as to run on the river
road from Kansas City, Missouri, to Lawrence,
Kansas, by way of the Junction House, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration, it
having been already provided for by law; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of John Graham, of New
York, praying for compensation for services ren-
dered in the transportation of the United States
mail between New Orleans, Louisiana, and Key
West, Florida, during the quarter ending July 1,
1855, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Court of
Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the pe-
tition of the Mutual Fire Insurance Company of
the District of Columbia, praying for an amend-
ment of their charter, reported a bill (S. No.
444) to amend an act entitled "An act to incor-
porate the Mutual Fire Insurance Company of
the District of Columbia," approved January 10,
1855; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. _ •
Mr. NESMITH, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred a joint resolution (H. R. No. 145) for the
relief of Major McFarland, reported it adversely.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 409) to incorporate the Potomac Nav-
igation and Transportation Company of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
John Ericsson, praying for compensation for ser-
vices in the construction of the machinery and
propeller of the United States steamer Princeton,
submitted a report accompanied by a bill (S. No.
448) for the relief of John Ericsson. The bill
was read and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee oh Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.No.
379) for the sale of timber lands in the State of
California, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
657) to amend the third section of an act entitled
"An act making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses ofthe Government for the year ending
the 30th day of June, 1865, and for other pur-
poses," so far as the same relates to witnesses in
the courts of the United States, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 am directed by the same
committee,to whom was referred the bill (S.No.
362) to amend the third section of an act entitled
"An act making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1865, and for other purposes, "
approved July 2,1864, to report it without amend-
ment, and to move that it be indefinitely post-
poned, irrasmurclra^rrt is'provided for m the House
bill which I have just reported.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 380) to give title to the occupants of lots ir
cities and towns in the State of California, re-
ported it with an amendment.
SUPPORT OF RECAPTURED AFRICANS.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 143) to facilitate the adjustment
of certain accounts of the American Colonization
Society for the support of recaptured Africans in
Liberia, have had the same under consideration,
and have directed me to report it back to the Sen-
ate with a recommendation that it pass. As I pre-
sume there can be no objection to it—it is simply
to direct the Secretary of the Interior to audit cer-
tain accounts—I ask that it may be acted upon at
once. .
By unanimous consent, the Senate,as m Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution, which directs the Secretary of the
Interior to adjust and settle the accounts of the
American Colonization Society for the support of
recaptured Africans in Liberia, under contiacts
j made for that purpose, under the authority of an
I act of Congress, approved June 16, I860, on the
! principles of equity.
| The joint resolution was reported to the benate
; without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
| read the third time, and passed.
