18-65.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
38th Cong....2d Sess.  
■'Laws of the United States.
ted States, who shall order orud vise, or whoshall
directly or indirectly, by force, threat, menace,
intimidation, or otherwise, prevent or attempt to
piY vent an y qualified voter of any State of the Uni-
ted Suttis of Amenca from freely exercising the
right of suffrage at any general or special election
jn any St.no of the United State?, or who shall in
like manner compel, or attempt to compel, any
off\c( r of an election in any such State to receive a
vote f cm a pel son not legally qualified to vote, or
who shall impose or attempt toimnose any rules or
regulations for conducting such election different
from those prescribed by lav/, or interfere in any
manner with any officer of said election in the
discharge of his duties, shall forany such offense
be liable to indictment as for a misdemeanor, in
any court of the United States hav ing jurisdiction
to hear, try, and determine cases of misdemeanor,
and on conviction thereof shall pay a fine of not
exceeding five thousand dollais, and suffer im-
pnsonment in the penitentiary not exceeding five
years, fit the discretion of the court trying the
same, and any person convicted as aforesaid shall,
moreover, be disqualified from holdingany office
of honor, profit, or trust, undtfflhe Government
of the United States.
Approed, February 25, 18C5.
Chap. LIIl.—An Act to increase the Efficiency
of the Medical Corps of the Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives cj the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the medical director of an at my
in the field consisting of two or more Army corps,
and the medical dnectoi of a military department
in which there are United States general hospitals
containing four thousand beds or upward, shall
iiave the rank, pay, and emolumentsofa colonel of
cavalry; and the medical direetorofan Army corps
in the field, or of a department in which thercaie
United States general hospitals containing less
than four thousand beds, shall have the rank, pay,
a r.d emoluments of a lieutenant colonel of cavalry.
But this increased rank and pay shall only con-
tinue to medical officers while discharging such
special duties; and the assignments from time to
time to such duty shall be at least two thuds of
them made from among the surgeons and assist-
ant surgeons of volunteers.
Approved, February 25, 18G5.
Se c. 3. And be it farther enacted, That, in case
of the inability on account of sickness of the judge
of the district court of the United States for the
southern district of New York, to hold any com t
therein, it shall be the duty of the judge of the
said eastern district of New York to hold such
court and do and pet form nil the acts and duties
of the judge of said southern disti ict without any
additional compensation; and whenever, from
pressure of public business or other cause, u shall
be deemed desirable by the judge of said south-
ern district of New Yoik, that the judge of said
eastern district perform the duties of a judge in
said southern district, an order may be entered to
that effect in the records of said district court,
and thereupon the judge of said eastern district
shall be empowered to do and perform, without
additional compensation, within said southern
district of New Yoik, and in the district court
thereof, all the acts and duties of the district judge
thereof.
Approved, February 25, 18G5.
known as Armory squnre shall not be opened until
after the removal of the At my hospiud from such
pubheground, or until the cons&it'of ihe Surgeon
General of the United States Army shall be first
ha*d and obtained.
Approved, February 25, 1865.
Chap. LfV.—An Act to create the Eastern Judi-
cial District of the State of New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That (lie counties of Kings, Queens,
Suffolk, and Richmond, in the State of New
York, with the waters thereof, are hereby con-
stituted a separate judicial district of the United
States, to be styled the eastern district of New
York.' The President of the United States, by
And with the advice and consent of the Senate,
shall appoint a district jud^e for said distuct
who shall reside therein, and who shall possess
the same powers and---perform the same duties
within said district which are now possessed and
performed by the district judge of the southern
district of New Yoi k. The said judge shall also
receive the same compensation as is by law pro-
vided for the judge of said southern district. Dis-
tnct and circuit courts for the trial of causes shall
be held in the city of Brooklyn on the first Wed-
nesday of every month. The courts so to be
held shall have the same jurisdiction as is now or
may hereafter be vested m other distuct and cir-
cuit courts of the United States. Such officers
shaft be appointed for said district and court, and
in the same manner and with the same fees and
emoluments as prescribed by law for other dis-
tricts and courts of the United States.
Sec. 2 And be it further enacted, That the
district court for the said eastern district shall
have con cur re n t j u risdiction with the disti ict coui t
for the southern disti ict of New York over the
waters within the counties of New York, Kings,
CLueens, and Suffolk, in the State of New Yoik,
and over nil seizures and matters made or done
in such waters; and all writs or other proccss or
oidu'S issued out of either of said courts, oi by
any judge thereof, shall" run and be executed in
any part of said waters.
Chap. LV.—An Act supplemental to an Act en-
tilled "An Act to annex a Part of the Slate of
New Jersey to the Collection District of New
Yotlc, and to appoint an Assistant Collector to
reside at Jersey City," approved February
twenty-one,eighteen hundred and sixty-three.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentativesof the United Stales of America inCongi ess
assembled, That the assistant collector appointed
undei the act entitled "An act to amu'x a pat t of
the State of New Jersey to the collection district
of New Yoik, and to appoint an assistant collect-
or to reside at Jersey City,*' approved Febi uary
twenty-one, eighteen h mid ted and sixty-three, be,
and he hereby is, authorized to enroll and license,
according to the lasvs of the United Suite*, ail ves-
sels engaged m the coasting trade and fisheries,
owned ju whole or in pmt by residents of the
counties of Hudson and Bergen, in the State of
New Jersey; and all such enrollments and licenses
shall be as valid and effectual as if the same hod
been effected m any other port of the United
States; and the said assistant collector, in the en-
rollment and licensing of vessels, shall be subject
to the laws of the United States, and liable to alH
the penalties and responsibilities imposed upon
collectors in like cases.
Approved, February 25, 1865.
Chap. LYIII.—An Act in reference to Prosecu-
tions for Labt 1 in the Dish iet of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and I-Iome rf Repre-
sentatives of the Untied States ufAmet icain Congress
assembled, That in ail prosecutions or indictments
for libel instituted, or which may hereafter be in-
stituted, in the District of Columbia, the truth
thereof may be given m evidence under the gen-
eral issue as a justification of the alleged libel;
and if it appear that the matter charged as libelous
was true,and was written or published with good
motives and for justifiable ends, the defendant
shall be acquitted.
Approved, February 25, 1865.
Ciiap. LVi.—An Act to authorize the Corpora-
tion of Georgetown to levy certain Taxes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Americain Congress
assembled, That the corporation of Georgetown
be, and they are hereby, authorized and empow-
ered to levy and collect, in the same manner in
which other taxes are levied and collected in said
town, an annua! tax, not to exceed in any year
fifteen hundredths of one per centum of the as-
sessed value of the taxable propei ty in said town,
to be applied to the payment of the interest and
the extinction of the principal of the debt recently
contracted by said corporation in filhng its quota
under the several drafts for troops made duung
the present war.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
corporation are heiehy further authorized and
empowered to levy and collect, in manner afore-
said, a sum sufficient to pay the said town's pro-
portion of the direct tax imposed on the District
of Columbia by the act of Congiess approved
Auo-usi fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one,and
the°cost and expenses of collecting the same.
Approved, February 25, 1865.
Chap. LVlI.—An Actauthorizingam'i requiring
the opening of Sixth Street West.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain^ Cong) ess
assembled, ThaUthe corporate authorities ot tne
city of Washington be, and they are hereby, au-
!■ thorized and inquired to open Sixtn street west,
!' from the canal to Maine avenue, under jne uuec-
tion of the Commissionerof Public Buddings, in
accordance with the plan approved in May, eigh-
teen hundred and twenty-two, by James Mmiroe,
then President of the United States: Provided,how-
ever, That Sixth street through the public grounds
Ciiap. L1X.—An Act for changing the time fur
holding the Circuit Courts in the District of
Virginia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales ofAmei icain Congress
assanblcd, That the cncuit courts in the distuU
of Vienna, heretofore holden atliichmond, shall
be held at Norfolk, on the first Monday in May
and on the fourth Monday of Novimber in each
year; and all proceedings and process in or issu-
ing out of the said court which are or may be
made returnable to any other tunes or places ap-
pointed for holding the same than those above
specified, shall be deemed legally returnable on
the days and at the place above specified,and nor.
otherwise; and all suits and other proceedings in
said count which stand continued to any other
time or place than those above specified, shall be
deemed continued to the place and tune presenbed
by this act, ami no other.
Approved, Februaiy 25, 1805.
Chap. LXiV.—An An providing for a District
and a Circuit Coui tof the United States fin the
District of Nevada, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the State of Nevada shall here-
after constitute one judicial district, and he calhd
the district of Nevada; and for said district a dis-
trict judge, a marshal, and a district attorney of
the United States shall be appointed.
Sec. 2. Andbe it farther enacted, That the said
district of Nevada shall be attached to ami con-
stitute a nart of the tenth circuit; and a t^rm ot
the circuit court of the United States for the said
disti ict shall be held in the city of Carson, in the
State of Nevada, on the first Monday of March',
and on the first Monday of August, and on the
first Monday of December of each year: and a
term of the district court of the United States for
the said district shall be held at the said cttv of
Carson on the first Monday of February, and on
the first Monday of May, and on the first Mon-
day of October of each year.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the dis-
trict court of the United States l<n the district of
Nevada, and the jud°;e thereof, phall posset.# the
samepoweis and jurisdiction possessed bv tho
other district courts and district judges oi die Ij ni-
ted Statfs, and shall be governed by the same
laws and regulations.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the cir-
cuit court of the United States for the said district
of Nevada, and the judge thereof, shall possess
the same powers and jurisdiction m said^ d.Muct
which are vested in said court and said jadgc in
the other districts of the tenth ciixu'u.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That the dis-
trict judge appointed for the district of Ne\ait.v
shall receive as his compensation the sum ofthn ty-
five hundred dollars a year, payable in fonreqnat
installments, on the fir^t days of Januaiy, Apiii9
July, and October, of each yopr.
Sec. 6. And be ilfuither enacted, That tne mar-
shal and district attorney of the United States tor
said disti ict of Nevada, and also for the district
of Oregon, shall severally be entitled to cnurgc
I and receive for the services they may perfoirui
