83.2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
PORT OF PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 410)
to enlarge the port of entry and delivery for the
district of Philadelphia, have directed me to re-
port the same back with an amendment in the
form of a substitute; and as it is merely to enlarge
that collection district, I ask the unanimous con-
Bent of the Senate to consider it at the present
time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Wliole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution.
The amendment of the Committee on Com-
merce was to strike out all of the original bill
after the enacting clause, in the following words:
That the port of entry and delivery for the district of
Philadelphia shall be bounded on the river Delaware by
the present existing corporate limits of the city of Philadel-
phia, anything in any former law to the contrary notwith-
standing.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That the port of entry and delivery for the district of
Philadelphia shall be bounded on the river Delaware by
Frankford creelc on the north and JJroad street on the south.
be il J wither enacted, That uii acts or parts of acts
conflicting with the provisions of this act be, and the same
are hereby, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill wasordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; was read the third time, and passed.
DEATH OF SENATOR IIICKS.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Piesident pro tempore of the Senate
be requested to communicate to the Executive of the State
of Maryland information of the death of lion. Thomas II.
Uicjks, late a Senator from .said State.
HILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, Ins Secretary, announced
that he had approved and signed the following bill
and joint resolutions:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 91) appointing
General Richard Dolafield to be a regent of the
Smithsonian Institution;
An act (S. No. 281) for the relief Alexander J.
Atocha; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 106) providing for
the compilation of a Congressional Directory.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House requested the return of the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 42) to extend the tune for the
reversion totheUnited States of the lands granted
by Congiess to aid in the conduction of a iai!-
road from Pore Marquette to Flint, and for the
completion of said road, for the purpose of cor-
rectingan error in the engrossment of the amend-
ment of the House to the joint resolution.
The Secretary was directed to return the reso-
lution, in conformity with the requestofthellouse
of Representatives.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had rejected the bill (S. No.
241) granting to the State of Wisconsin a dona-
tion of public land to aid in the construction of a
ship-canal at the head of Sturgeon bay m the
county of Door, in said State, to" connect the wa-
teis of Green bay with Lake Michigan, in said
State.
The message further announced thatthe House
had passed the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 392) supplementary to an act
approved July 14, 1862, entitled "An act to es-
tablish certain post roads;" and
A bill (S. No. 413) to establish a bridge across
the Ohio river at Cincinnati, Ohio, a post road.
COURTS IN NEVADA.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask the Senate to take up
House bill No. 640, reported from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the bill?
Mr. FOSTER. It is a bill providing for a dis-
trict and ciicuitcourt of the United States for the [
district of Nevada, and for other purposes. There j
arc spccial reasons why it should be considered '
at once. j
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say to my friend
from Connecticut that I intended this morning,
during the morning hour, to call up two or three
Indian bills. I do not wish to occupy any more
time than is necessary; but there are some mat-
ters relating to the Indians of pressing import-
ance.
Mr. FOSTER. I will say, in regard to this
bill, that it is one that ought to be acted upon,
because there are causes now pending in the Su-
preme Court which have been postponed by the
court twice already, and are now postponed to the
27th of this month, which will drop unless we
have this legislation.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will not object to it; but
1 wish to notify the Senate that I desire, after the
passage of this bill, to occupy its attention for a
very short time with Indian bills.
Mr. STEWART. When this bill is taken up
there are various matters connected with it upon
which I wish to be heard, and it will take some
little time. It is a matter of great importance to
the locality where we reside; it affects our State
materially, but 1 presume there is no objection to
its being taken up now.
The motion of Mr. Foster was agreed to,
and the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 640)
providing for a district and a circuit court of the
United States for the district of Nevada, and for
other purposes. It provides that the State of
Nevada shall hereafter constituteone judicial dis-
trict, to be called the dishict of Nevada; and a
district judge, a marshal, and a district attorney
of the United States are to be appointed for the
district. -"The district of Nevada is to be attached
to and constitute a part of the tenth circuit. A
term of tho circuit court of the United States for
the district is to be held m the city of Carson,
in the State of Nevada, on the first Monday of
March, and on the first Monday of August, and
on the first Monday of December of each year.
A term of the distiict court of the United States
for the district is to be held at the city of Carson
on the first Monday of February, and on the fust
Monday of May, and on the first Monday of Oc-
tober of each year.
The district court of the United States for the
district of Nevada, and the judge thereof, are to
possess the same powers and jurisdiction pos-
sessed by the other district courts and district
judges of the United States, and be governed by
the same laws and regulations. The circuitcourt
of the United States for the district of Nevada,
and the judge thereof, are to possess the same
powers and jurisdiction in the district which are
possessed by them in the other districts of the
tenth circuit. Whenever the circuit judge of the
tenth circuit is absent or from any cause is unable
to hold in any district of his circuit a term of the
circuit court appointed by law, it is to be the duty
of the district judge of the district to hold such
term; and the circuit courts held by the district
judges are to possess the same jurisdiction and
powers in all respects as when held by the circuit
judge; but they are not to possess any jurisdic-
tion to hear and determine any case or matter on
appeal or writ of error, or transferred from the dis-
trict court or any proceedings therein.
The district judge appointed for the district of
Nevada is to receive as his compensation the sum
of $3,500 a year, payable m four equal install-
ments, on the 1st days of January, April, July,
and October, of each year. The marshal and
distiict attorney of the United States for the dis-
trict of Nevada, and also for the district of Oregon,
are severally to be entitled to charge and receive
for the services they may perform double the fees
and compensation allowed by the act to regulate
the fees and costs to be allowed clerks, marshals,
and attorneys of the circuit and district courts of
the United States, and for other purposes, ap-
proved February 26,1853; but the aggregate com-
pensation alio wednhem is not to exceed theamount
provided for such officers by that act. The third,
fourth, and fifth sections of the act of Febiuary
19,1864, entitled "An act amendatory of and sup-
plementary to an act to provide circuit courts for
the districts of California and Oregon, and for
other purposes,"approved Maich 3, lS63,aro to
be applicable to the appointment of special ses-
sions of the cucuit courts in the districts of Ne-
vada, and to the appomtmentof cleiksand deputy
clerks of the circuit couits of the districts ol'Nc- i
vada and Oregon. The clerk of the circuit court
in the districts of Nevada, Oregon, and California
is to be also clerk of the district court m those
districts, and receive for like services the same
fees and compensation which are allowed by law
to the clerks of the circuit and district courts of
the United States for California; but the clerk m
each of those districts is to be allowed by the Sec-
retary of the Interior to retain of the fees and
emoluments received by him as clerk of both
courts, over and above the necessary expenses of
his offices and necessary clerk hire inclitded, to
be audited and allowed by the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury, only such sum per an-
num as is now allowed by law to the clerk of one
of those courts, and is to pay the remainder into
the public Treasury, under oath, in the manner
and under the regulations now prescribed by law.
This act is to take effect on the 1st day of April
next.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported the'
bill with amendments. The first amendment of
the committee was in section four, line four, to
strike out the words " which are possessed '>y
them/' and to insert "which are vested in said
court and said judge,'* so thatthe section will read:
That the cncuit eouit of the United States for the said
district of Nevada, and the judge tlieicol. shall possess the
same poweis and juiisdicuon in said district which arc
vested m said court and said judge m the other districts at"
the tenth circuit.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I am opposed to all the
amendments reported by the committee. So far
as this one is concerned, it is a mere matter of
verbiage; i think the bill as it came from the House
of Representatives is as near perfect as we shall
be able to get it, and the amendments are so un-
important that 1 think it unnecessary to send the
bill back to the House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
amendment will be read.
Mr. STEWART. Did the Chair declare the
first amendment adopted ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Udid; but it
will come up a<*am in the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. That will necessarily confine
the discussion that may be had to the terms of
the amendment that has been adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The whole
bill will come up afterward in the Senate, and
will be open for discussion in every point as it
progresses.
Mr. CONNESS. I understand thatthe Sena-
tor from Nevada was on the floor before the Chair
had declared the result.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
had declaied it; but the Chair will put the ques-
tion again if it is desired.
Mr. CONNESS. I feel some interest in this
bill, and I ptefei that the discussion should take
place upon it before the vote shall be taken upon
the adoption of the amendments reported by the
committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will regard the vote on the first amendment as
reconsidered, and it is now open for discussion.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I should
like to hear from the membeis of the committee
who have reported these amendments their rea-
sons for wishing to change the ougtnal bill in
such important particulars. I should like to know
the reasons, so that we may have some further
light on the subject, because the amendments
seem to me liable to grave objection. I do not
think the hill is improved by the amendments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the first amendment.
Mr. FOSTER. It may be quite impossible for
me to satisfy the honorable Senator from Nevada
that either one of these amendments ought to be
adopted. As it regards the one now before the
Senate, which is to amend the fourth section by
striking out the words " which aie possessed by
them," and inserting m lieu of them the words
"which are vested in said courtand said judge,'5
I can only say that any gentleman who had in
his early life an opportunity of reading a book
called Lindley Murray's Giammar, will see, 1
think, the great propiiety of that amendment.
The section now reads thus:
That t!m circuit comt of the United States foi the Mid
rii-tiict of N<'v.uM,and the judge iheicof, shall } os-e-^ the
"fiiiio |h)\vpi  and juiiMhctiou in--.'nd district which aic
possc&scd bj tkcmiu the other di^tnctsof the tenth circuit.
