m
APPENDIX ..TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
-[February 28>
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
double the fees and compensation allowed by the
act entitled " An act to regulate the 'feus and costs
to be allowed clerks, marshals, and attorneys of
the circuit and district courts of the United States,
and for other purposes," approved February
twenty-six, eighteen hundred and fifty-three:
Provided, That the aggregate compensation al-
lowed said officers shall not exceed the amount
provided for such officers by said act.
Sec.7. Jindbeitfurtherenacted, Thatthethird,
fourth, and fifth sections of the act of February
nineteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, en-
tited " An act amendatory of, and supplementary
to, an act to provide circuit courts for the districts
of California and Oregon, and for other purposes,"
approved March third, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, shall be applicable to the appointment
of special sessions of the circuit courts in the dis-
trict of Nevada, and to the appointment of clerks
and deputy clerks of the circuit courts of the dis-
tricts of Nevada and Oregon; and that the cleric
of the circuit court in the districts of Nevada, Or-
egon, and California shall be also clerk of the
district court in said districts, and shall receive
for like services the same fues and compensation
which are allowed by law to the clerks of the cir-
cuit and district courts of the United States for
California: Provided, That the clerk in each of
said districts shall be allowed by the Secretary of
the Interior to retain of the fees and emoluments
received by him as clerk of both courts, overand
above the necessary expenses of his offices and
necessaiy clerk hiie included, to be audited and
allowed by the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury, only such sum per annum as is now
allowed by law to the clerk of one of said courts,
and shall pay the remainder into the public Treas-
ury, under oath, in the manner and under the reg-
ulations now prescribed by law.
Sec. 8. Jind be ii further enacted, That all cases
of appeal or writ of error heretofore prosecuted
and now pending in the Supreme Court of the
United States, upon any record from the supreme
court of the Territory of Nevada, may be heard
and determined by the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, and the mandate of execution or of
further proceedings shall be directed by the Su-
preme Court of the United States to the district
court of the United States for the district of
Nevada, or to the supreme court of the State of
Nevada, as the nature of said appeal or writ of
error may require, and each of these courts shall
be the successor of the supreme court of Nevada
Territory as to all such cases, with full power to
hear and determine the same, and to awaul mesne
or final process thereon. And from alljudgmcnts
and decrees of the supreme court of the Territory
of Nevada, prior to its admission into the Union
as a State, the parties to said judgments and de-
crees shall have the same right to prosecute ap-
peals and writs of error to the Federal courts as
they would have had under the laws of the Uni-
ted States if this act had been passed simultane-
ously with the act admitting said State into the
Union: Provided, That said nppealsshall be pros-
ecuted and said writs of error sued out at any
time before the first day of July, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six.
Sec. 9. Jind be it further enacted, That no pos-
sessory action between individuals in any of the
courts of the United States for the recovery of
any mining title, or for damages to any such title,
shall be aii'ccted by the fact that the paramount
title to the land on which such mines aie, is in the
United States, but eacli case shall be adjudged by
the law of possession.
Approved, February 27, 18G5.
Cha . LXVII.—An Act to revive certain Pro-
visions of the Act entitled "An Act further to
provide for the collection of Duties on Imports
and Tonnage,"approved March three, eighteen
hundred and fifteen, and for other purposes.
T-e it enacted bij the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj tne United States of Jlnierieaiii Congress
uvnnbkd, That tiio first sentence of the second
•section of tin' act entitled "An act further to pro-
vide for the collection of duties on imp oils and ton-
nage," approved March three, eighteen hundred
and fifteen, to wit: " That it shall be lawful for
any collector, naval officer, surveyor or inspector
of the customs, as well in any adjoining district
as that to which he belongs, to stop, search, and
examine any carriage or vehicle of any kind what-
soever, and to stop any person traveling on foot
or beast of burden on which he shall suspect there
are goods, wares, or merchandise which are sub-
ject to duty, or which shall have been introduced
into the United States in any manner contrary to
law, and if such officer shall stop any goods,
wares, or merchandise on any such carriage, ve-
hicle, person traveling on foot or beast of burden,
which he shall have probable cause to believe
are subject to dutyorhave been unlawfully intro-
duced into the United States, he shall seize and
secure the same for trial," be, and the same is
hereby, revived and reenacted; and every such
beast of burden, carriage, or vehicle, together
with the teams or other motive power, and all the
appurtenances used in conveying such goods,
wares, or merchandise, shall be subject to seiz-
ure and forfeiture in like manner as is by law
now provided in regard to such goods, wares, and
merchandise; and all fines, penalties, and forfeit-
ures recovered under this act, or in consequence
of such seizures, shall be disposed of as is pro-
vided in other cases by the ninety-first section of
the act entitled "An act to regulate the collection
of duties on imports and tonnage," approved
March second, seventeen hundred and ninety-
nine; and the last proviso of said ninety-first sec-
tion is hereby repealed.
Sec. 2. Jind be itfurther enacted, That the power
and authority given to collectors, naval officers,
and surveyors by the sixty-eighth section of the
said last-mentioned act be, and the same are
hereby, extended to inspectors of the customs;
and any officer or other person entitled to or in-
terested in a part or share of any fine, penalty, or
forfeiture incurred under this or any other law of
the United States, may be examined as a witness
in any of the proceedings for the recovery of such
fine, penalty, or forfeiture by either of the parties
thereto, and such examination shall not deprive
such witness of his or her share or interest in such
fine, penalty, or forfeiture.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be itfurther enacted, That in case
any store, warehouse, or other building shall be
upon or near the boundary line between the Uni-
ted States and any foreign country, and there is
reason to believe that dutiable goods are depos-
ited or have been placed therein or carried through
or into the same" without payment of duties, and
in violation of law, and the collector, deputy col-
lector, naval officer, or surveyor of customs, shall
make oath before any magistrate competent to
administer the same, that he has reason to believe,
and does believe, that such offense has been
therein committed, such officer shall have the
right to search such building and the premises
belonging thereto; and if any such goods shall
be found therein, the same, together with such
building, shall be seized, forfeited, and disposed
of according to law, and the said building shall
be forthwith taken down or removed. And any
person or persons who shall have received or de-
posited in such building, or carried through the
same, any goods, as aforesaid, or shall have aided
therein, in violation of law, shall, upon due con-
viction before any court of competentjurisdiction,
be punished by fine not exceeding ten thousand
dollars, or by imprisonment not exceeding two
years, or by both such fine and imprisonment.
Sec . 4. Jind be itfurther enacted, That the first
section of the act of April second, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-four, entitled "An act directing
the disposition of certain unclaimed goods, wares,
or merchandise, seized for being illegally im-
ported into the United States," be so amended
that in place of the word " one," wherever the
same may be found in said section, the word
"five" shall be inserted.
Approved, February 28,1865.
Chap. LXVIIl.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Construction, Preservation,and Repairs
of certain Fortifications and other Works of De-
fense, for the year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States <f America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
construction, preservation, and repairs of certain
fortifications and other works of defense for the
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six:
For Fort Wayne, near Detroit, Michigan, sev-
enty-five thousand dollars.
For repairs of Fort Niagara, near Youngstown,
New York, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For Fort Ontario, Oswego, New York, fifty
thousand dollars.
For Fort Montgomery, at outlet of Lake Cham-
plain, New York, fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Knox, at narrows of Penobscot river,
Maine, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For FortPopham, Kennebec river, Maine, sev-
enty-five thousand dollars.
For Fort Preble, Portland,Maine, seventy-five
thousand dollars.
For Fort Scammel, Portland, Maine, fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For Fort Georges, on Hog Island Ledge, Port-
land, Maine, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For Fort Constitution, Portsmouth, New
Hampshire, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For Fort MeClary, Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire, fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Winthrop, Boston, Massachusetts,
ten thousand dollars.
For Fort Independence, Boston, Massachu-
setts, five thousand dollars.
For Fort Warren, Boston, Massachusetts, ten
thousand dollars.
For sea-wall of Great Brewster's Island, Bos-
ton harbor, Massachusetts, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
For repair of sea-walls on Deer and on Loveli's
Islands, Boston harbor, Massachusetts, three
thousand dollars.
For permanent forts at New Bedford harbor,
Massachusetts, fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Adams, Newport, Rhode Island, fifty
thousand dollars.
For Fort Hale, New Haven, Connecticut, fifty
thousand dollars.
For Fort Schuyler, East river, New York,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For fort at Willet's Point, opposite Fort
Schuyler, New York, fifty thousand dollars.
For repairs of Fort Hamilton, New York,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For fort on site of Fort Tompkins, Staten Isl-
and, New York, fifty thousand dollars.
For fort at Sandy Hook, New Jersey, fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For repairs of Fort Mifflin, near Philadelphia,
twenty thousand dollars.
For repairs of Fort Washington, on Potomac
river, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For Fort Monroe, Hampton Roads, Virginiaj
twenty-five thousand dollars.
Fo(;Fort Clinch, Florida, fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Taylor, Key West, Florida, two hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For Fort Jeffiyson, Garden Key, Florida, one
hundred thousand dollars.
For fort on Ship Island, coast of Mississippi,
fifty thousand dollars.
For fort at Fort Point, San Francisco bay, Cal-
ifornia,one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
Forfort at Alcatraz Island, San Francisco bay,
California, one hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars.
For additional defenses at San Francisco, Cal-
ifornia, fifty thousand dollars.
For defenses of Washington, three hundred
thousand dollars.
For field works and field operations, one mil-
lion dollars.
For bridge trains and equipage for armies in tha
field, three hundred thousand dollars.
For tool and siege trains for armies in the field,
five hundred thousand dollars.
For surveys for military defenses, for purchase
of campaign maps, three hundred thousand dol-
lars.
For survey of northern and north western lakes,
lncIudingLaJje Superior, one hundred and twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For engraving and printing charts of lake sur-
veys, fifteen thousand dollars.
