1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBED
121
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong....2d
For purchase and repair ofinstruments, twenty
thousand dollars.
For repairing, equipping, and enlarging Fort
Porter, at Buffalo, fifty thousand dollars.
Approved, February 28, 1865.
Chap. LXIX.—An Act relating to the Enroll-
ment and License of certain Vessels.
Be it enacted by the Senate and, House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That whenever it shall become neces-
sary for the owner or owners of any vessel of the
United States navigating the western rivers and
the waters on the northern, northeastern, and
northwestern frontiers of the United States other-
wise than by sea, and being in a district other
than that to which such vessel shall belong, to
procure her enrollment and license, or license, or
renewal thereof, the same proceedings may be had
in the district in which said vessel then shall be,
as are now, or shall then be required by law, on
application for such enrollment and license, or
license, or renewal thereof, as the case may be,
in the district to which such vessel may belong,
excepting the giving of bond and the enrollment
and issuance of license; and the officer before
whom such proceedings shall be had shall cer-
tify the same to the collector of the district to
which such vessel shall belong, who shall there-
upon, on the said owner or owners giving bond
as required in other eases, duly enroll the said
vessel and issue license in the same form as if the
application had originally been made in hisoffice;
and either deliver the said license to said owner or
owners, or forward it by mail to the officer who
certified to him the preliminary proceedings,and
who shall, in such case, deliver the said license to
the owner or owners or master of the vessel: Pro-
vided, That this act shall not be construed so as
in any respect to change existing laws, excepting
in so far as it enable such owners to procure en-
rollment or license, or renewal thereof, without
returning their vessels to their home ports or dis-
tricts.
Approved, February 28,1865.
Chap. LXX.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act to regulate the Admeasurement of
Tonnage of Ships and Vessels of the Unitffd
States," approved May sixth, eighteen hun-^
dred and sixty-four.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the act entitled " An act to regu-
late, the admeasurement of tonnage of ships and
vess' Is of the United States," approved May
sixth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, shall be
so construed that np part of any ship or vessel
shall be admeasured or registered for tonnage that
is used for cabins or state-rooms, and constructed
entirely above the first deck, which is not a deck
to the hull.
Approved, February 28, 1865.
CiiAr. LXXl.—An Act concerning the Collec-
tion District of Salem and Beverly, in Massa-
chusetts.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled?, That the office of naval officer for the
district of Salem and Beverly, in the State of
Massachusetts, be, and the same is hereby, abol-
ished.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That tbe office
of surveyor for said district, to reside at Beverly,
be, and the same is hereby, abolished.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the sal-
ary of surveyor of said district shall hereafter be
four hundred dollars per annum.
Approved, February 28, 1865.
Ciiap. LXXII.—An Act granting to the Michi-
gan City Harbor Company the use of Govern-
ment Piers in said Harbor for the purpose of
protecting said Harbor.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
MScmfi/eiZ, That there is hereby granted to the Mich-
igan City Harbor Company, at Michigan City,
in the State of Indiana, the privilege of using the
foundations of the old Government piers now in
said harbor, for the purpose of improving and
protecting the said harbor, and no expenses made
by the said harbor company for this purpose shall
be considered a charge against the Government.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That Michi-
gan City, in the State of Indiana, is hereby con-
stituted aportof delivery, subject to the same reg-
ulations and restrictions as other ports of delivery
of the United States, and the said port of delivery
is hereby annexed to, and made part of, the col-
lection district of Chicago, in the State of Illinois.
And there shall be appointed a surveyor of the
customs, to reside at said port, who shall receive
an annual compensation of thretf hundred and
fifty dollars per annum.
Approved, February 28, 1865.
Chap. LXXIII.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Legislative, Executive, and Judicial
Expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, and additional Appropriations for the cur-
rent fiscal year.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the objects hereinafter expressed, for the fiscal
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, namely:
legislative.
For compensation and mileage of Senators, two
hundred and forty-seven thousand four hundred
and thirty dollars.
For compensation of the officers, clerks, mes-
sengers, and others receiving an annual salary in
the service of the Senate, viz: Secretary of the
Senate, three thousand six hundred dollars; offi-
cer charged with disbursements of the Senate,
four hundred and eighty dollars; chief clerk, two
thousand five hundred dollars; principal clerk and
principal executive clerk in the office of the Sec-
retary of the Senate, at two thousand one hun-
dred and sixty dollars each; eight clerks^n of-
fice of the Secretary of the Senate, at one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty dollars each; keeper
of the stationery, one thousand seven hundred
and fifty-two dollars; two messengers, at one
thousand and eighty dollars each; one page, at
five hundred dollars; Sergeant-at-Arms and Door-
keeper, two thousand dollars; assistant door-
keeper, one thousand seven hundreddollars; Post-
master to the Senate, one thousand seven hundred
and fifty dollars; assistant postmaster and mail-
carrier, one thousand four hundred and forty dol-
lars; two mail-boys, at one thousand dollars each;
superintendent of the document room, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars; two assistants m docu-
ment room, at one thousand two hundred dollars
each; superintendent of the folding-room, one
thousand five hundred dollars; two messengers,
acting as assistant doorkeepers, at one thousand
five hundred dollars cach; seventeen messengers,
at one thousand two hundred dollars each; clerk
or secretary to the President of the Senate, one
thousand seven hundied and fifty-two dollars;
clerk to the Committee on Finance, one thousand
ei"ht hundred and fifty dollars; clerk to the Com-
mittee on Claims, one thousand eight hundred
and fifty dollars; clerk of printing records, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty dollars; super-
intendent in charge of the furnaces, one thousand
two hundred dollars; assistant m charge of fur-
naces, seven hundred and twenty dollars; laborer
in charge of private passages, seven hundred and
twenty dollars; two laborers, at five hundred and
seventy-six dollars each; Chaplain to the Senate,
seven hundred and fifty dollars; making seventy-
nine thousand six hundred and forty-six dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Senate, viz:
For stationery, seventeen thousand dollars.
For newspapers, three thousand dollars.
For Congressional Globe, thirty-five thousand
dollars.
For reporting proceedings m the Daily Otlobe
for the first session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress,
twenty thousand dollars.
For payingthe publishersof the Congressional^
Globe and Appendix, according to the munberof
copies taken, one cent for every live pages ex-
ceeding three thousand, including the indexes and
the laws of the United States, twelve thousand
nine hundred dollars.
For one complete set of the Congressional Globe
and Appendix for each Senator in the Thirty-
Ninth Congress who has not already received
them, six thousand eight hundred dollars: Pro-
vided,however, That any Senator who has already
as a member of the House of Representatives re-
ceived a portion of a set of the Congressional
Globe, shall only be entitled to receive as such
Senator the additional volumes required to com-
plete one full set.
For the usual additional compensation to the re-
porters of the Senate for the Congressional Globe
for reporting the proceedings of the Senate for the
first regular session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress,
eighthundred dollars each, four thousand dollars.
For clerks to committees, pages, horses, and
carryalls, eighteen thousand dollars.
For Capitol police, nineteen thousand one hun-
dred and seventy dollars.
For expenses of heating and ventilating appa-
ratus, sixteen thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, thirty thousand dol-
lars.
For compensation and mileage ofMembers of
the House of Representatives and Delegates from
Territories, three hundred thousand dollars.
For compensation Qjf the officers, clerks, mes-
sengers, and others receiving an annual salary in
the service of the House of Representatives, viz:
Clerk of the House of Representatives, three thou-
sand six hundred dollars; chief clerk and one as-
sistant clerk, at two thousand one hundred and
sixty dollars each; eleven clerks,at one thousand
eight hundred dollars each; principal messenger
in the office, at four dollars and eighty cents per
day, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two
dollars; three messengers, at one thousand two
hundred dollars each; messenger to the Speaker,
at four dollars and eighty cents per day, one thou-
sand seven hundred and fifty-two dollars; clerk
to the Committee of Ways and Means, two thou-
sand one hundred and sixty dollars; clerk to the
Committee of Claims, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars; clerk to Committee on Public Lands,
one thousand eight hundred dollars; Sergeant-at-
Arms, two thousand one hundred and sixty dol-
lars; clerk to the Sergeant-at-Arms, one thousand
eighthundred dollars; messenger to the Sergeant-
at-Arms, one thousand two hundred dollars; Post-
master, two thousand one hundred and sixty dol-
lars; assistant postmaster, one thousand seven
hundred and forty dollars; four messengers, aS
one thousand four hundred and forty dollars each;
two mail-boys, at nine hundred dollars each; Cap-
itol police, nineteen thousand one hundred and
seventy dollars; Doorkeeper, two thousand one
hundred and sixty dollars; superintendent of the
folding-room, one thousand eight hundred dol-
lars; two messengers, at one thousand seven hun-
dred and fifty-two dollars each; one messenger,
at one thousand seven hundred and forty dollars;
five messengers, at one thousand five hundred
dollars each; six messengers, at one thousand two
hundred dollars each; twelve messengers, to be
employed during the session of Congress, at the
rate of one thousand two hundred dollars each per
annum; Chaplain to the House of Representatives,
seven hundred and fifty dollars; making one hun-
dred and nine thousand four hundred and twenty-
eight dollars.
For contingent expenses of the House of Rep-
resentatives, viz:
For cartage, two thousand dollars.
For twenty-four copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix for each Member and Dele-
gate of the first regular session of the Thirty-
jSjinth Congress, and one hundred copies of the
same for the House Library, twenty-nine thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
For the compensation of clerks to committees,^
and temporary clerks in the office of the Clerk of
the House of Representatives, eighteen thousand
five hundred and seventy-six dollars.
For paying the publishers of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix, according to the number of
copies taken, one cent for every five pages ex-
ceeding three thousand, including the indexes and
the laws of the United States, tell thousand nine
hundred dollars.
