1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
Laws of the United States.
38te Cong. ... 2d Sess.
and preserved for the use of the office, twenty-
five thousand dollar.
In the office of the Third Auditor:
For office furniture, carpeting, two newspapers,
preserving files and papers, bounty-land service,
and miscellaneous items, fifteen thousand dollars.
In the office of the Fourth Auditor:
For contingent expenses of the office, three
thousand dollars.
In the office of the Fifth Auditor:
For postage, furniture, and miscellaneous ex-
penses, in which are included two daily newspa-
pers, two thousand dollars.
In the office of the Treasurer:
For contingentexpenses of the office, ten thou-
sand dollars.
In the office of the Register:
For arranging and binding canceled marine
papers, cases for official papers and records, and
miscellaneous items, including office furniture,
eight thousand dollars.
Office of the Solicitor of the Treasury:
For labor and miscellaneous items, and for
statutes and reports, two thousand two hundred
dollais.
Office of the Commissioner of Customs:
For miscellaneous items and office furniture,
three thousand dollars.
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency:
For furniture and miscellaneous items, five
thousand dollars.
For stationery for the Treasury Department
and its several'bureaus, one hundred thousand
dollars.
For the general purposes of the Southeast Executive
Building, including the Extension.
For compensation of twelve watchmen and
eleven laborers of the Southeast Executive Build-
ing, sixteen thousand five hundred and sixty dol-
lars.
For contingent expenses of said building, viz:
for fuel, light, labor, and miscellaneous items,
seventy-five thousand dollars.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
For the compensation of the Secretary of the
Interior, Assistant Secretary, chief clerk,and the
clerks, messenger, assistant messengers, watch-
men, and laborers in his office, forty-eight thou-
sand one hundred and sixty dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of the
the General Land Office, chief clerk, recorder,
draughtsman, assistant draughtsman, clerks, mes-
sengers-, assistant messengers, packers, watch-
men, and laborers in hi* office, one hundred and
seventy-eight thousand two hundred dollars.
For compensation of additional clerks in the
Genera! Lar ^Office, under the act of third March,
one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, granting
bounty land, and for laborers employed therein,
fifty-ei^ht thousand six hundred and forty dollars:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Interior, at
his discretion, shall be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to use any portion of said appropriation for
piece-work, or by the day, week, month, or year,
at such rate or rates as he may deemjustand fair,
not exceeding a salary of twelve hundred dol-
lars per annum.
For compensation of the Commissioner of In-
dian Allan's, chief clerk, and the clerks, messen-
ger, assistant messenger, watchmen, and laborer
in his office, thirty-two thousand six hundred dol-
lars.
For compensation ofthe Commissionerof Pen-
sions, chief clerk, and the clerks, messengers, as-
sistant messengers, watchman, and laborers in his
office, two hundred and sixteen thousand nine
hundred and twenty dollars.
For additional clerks in the Pension Office,
twenty-one thousand dollars: Provided, That the
Secretary of the Interior, at his discretion, shall
be, and is hereby, authorized to use any por-
tion of said appropriation for piece-work, or by
the day, week, month, or year, at such rate or
rates as he may deem justand fair, notexcccding
a salary of twelve hundred dollars per annum.
For compensation of the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings, and the clerk and messenger in his
office, four thousand two hundred dollars.
Contingent Expenses—Department of the Interior.
Office of the Secretary of the Interior:
For stationery, furniture, and other contin-
gencies, and for books and maps for C\e library,
seven thousand dollars.
For repairs of the Patent Office building twelve
thousand five hundred dollars.
For expenses of packing and distributing con-
gressional Journalsand documents, in pursuance
of the provisions contained in the joint resolution
of Congress, approved twenty-eighth January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, and act fifth
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, six
thousand dollars.
For fuel and lights for the Patent Office build-
ing, including the salaries of engineer and assist-
ant engineer of the furnaces, eighteen thousand
dollars.
Office of Indian Affairs:
For blank books, binding, stationery,and mis-
cellaneous items, including two of the daily city
newspapers, to be filed, bound, and preserved for
the use of the office, four thousand dollars.
Office of the Commissioner of Pensions:
For stationery, engraving, and retouching plates
for bounty-land warrants, and binding the same,
office furniture, and repairing the same, and mis-
cellaneous items, including two city daily news-
papers, to be filed, bound, and preserved for the
use of the office, fifteen thousand dollars.
Office of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings:
For stationery, blank books, plans, drawings,
and other contingent expenses of his office, five
hundred dollars.
Surveyors General and their Clerks.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
W isconsin and Iowa, and the clerks in his office,
eight thousand three hundred dollars.
Tor compensation of the surveyor general of
Minnesota, and the clerks in his office, eightthou-
sand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
the Territories of Dakota and Montana, and the
clerks in his office, eight thousand three hundred
dollars. ^
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Kansas and Nebraska, and the clerks in his office,
eight thousand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
the Territories of Colorado, Utah, and Idaho,
and the clerks in his office, seven thousand dol-
lars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
New Mexico and Arizona, and the clerks in his
office, seven thousand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
California and Nevada, and theclerksin his office,
fourteen thousand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Oregon, and the clerks in his office, six thousand
five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Washington Territory, and the clerks in Ins office,
six thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the clerks in the offices of
the surveyors general, to be apportioned to them
according to the exigencies of the public service,
and to be employed in transcribing field-notes
of surveys, for the purpose of preserving them
at the seat of Government, ten thousand dollars.
For compensation of recorder of land titles in
Missouri, five hundred dollars.
For compensation of translator in the office of
surveyor general of New Mexico and Aiizona,
two thousand dollars.
For rent of surveyor general's office in Oregon,
fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental ex-
penses, including pay of messenger, seven hun-
dred dollars. ,
For rent of the surveyor general's office in Cal-
ifornia, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, including pay of messenger, six
thousand dollars.
Foroffice rent for the surveyor general of W ash-
ington Territory, fifel, books, stationery, and
other incidental expenses, one thousand dollass.
For office rent of the surveyor general of Kan-
sas and Nebraska, fuel, and incidental expenses,
one thousand five hundred dollars.
For rent of surveyor general's office in the
Territory of Dakota, fuel, books, stationery, and
other incidental expenses, six hundred dollars.
For rent of office for the surveyor genera! of
Colorado, Utah, Nevada, and Idaho Territories,
fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental ex-
penses, one thousand dollars.
For the pay of the wages of one clerk in the
consolidated land office at Des Moines, Iowa, one
thousand dollars.
[Expenses of Courts ofthe United States.]
For defraying the expenses of the Supreme
Court and district courts of the United States,
deluding the District of Columbia, and'also
fo*' jurors and witnesses, in aid of funds arising
fro to fines, penalties, and forfeitures, in the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-Rve, and previous yeais, and likewise for
defraying the expenses of suits in which the
United Stctrs are concerned, and of prosecutions
for offenses committed against the United States,
and for the safc-keeping of prisoners, seven hun-
dred thousand collars, and the unexpended bal-
ances of appropriations for the judiciary fund
shall return into tho Treasury.
WAR £ "APARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of "War,
Assistant Secretaries of War, Solicitor, chief
clerk, and the clerks, me^ssnger, assistant mes
sengers, and laborer in his efuce, sixty-four thou-
sand and sixty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messengers
in the office of the Adjutant Gercc*rI, two hundred
and twenty-four thousand four hurdred dollars.
For compensation of the clerks^ messengers,
assistant messengers, and laborers m the office of
the Quartermaster General, three hux^cd and
ninety-five thousand eight hundred aforty
dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messc^f'er?
in the office of the Paymaster General, two hu> 
dred and nine thousand six hundred and eight#
dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messenger, an(j
laborers in the office of the Commissary General,
eighty-six thousand one hundred and sixty dob
lars.
For compensation ofthe clerks, messenger, and
laborer in the officeof the Surgeon General, forty-
four thousand one hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messengers,
and laborer in the office of the Chief Engineer,
twenty-nine thousand three hundred and twenty
dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of theColonel of Ordnance, one hun-
dred and seventy-three thousand two hundred and
eighty dollars.
For compensation of the clcrks in the office of
Military Justice, seven thousand two hundred
dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the War Department.
Office of the Secretary (>f War:
For blank books, stationery, labor, books,
maps, extta clerk hire, and miscellaneous items,
twenty thousand dollars.
Office of the Adjutant General:
For blank books, stationery, binding, and mis-
cellaneous items, twenty-five thousand dollars.
Office of the Quartermaster General:
For blank books, stationery, binding, «nd mis-
cellaneous items, twenty thousand dollars.
Office of the Paymaster General:
For blank books, stationery, binding, and mis-
cellaneous items, ten thousand dollars.
Office of the Commissary General:
For blank books, stationery, and binding,
including rent of office and lure of watchmen,
twenty thousand dollars.
Office of the Chief Engineer:
For blank books, stationery, binding, and mis-
cellaneous items, thiee thousand five hundred
dollars.
Office of the Surgeon General:
For blank books, stationery, b'ndin?, and mis-
cellaneous items, including sent of office, twelve
thousand live hundred dollars.
Office of the Chief of Oidnance:
For blank books, stationery, binding,and mis-
cellaneous items, ten thousand dollars.
