124
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
38th Cong....2d Sbss.
Laws of the United States.
Office of Military Justice:
For blank books, stationery, binding, and mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For the generalpurposes of the Northwest Executive
Building.
For compensation of superintendent, four
watchmen, and two laborers of the ►Northwest
Executive Building, four thousand five hundred
and seventy dollars.
For labor, fuel, light, and miscellaneous items,
twenty thousand dollars.
For the general purposes of the Building corner of F
and Seventeenth streets.
For compensation of superintendent, four
watchmen, and t^o laborers for said building,
four thousand five hundred and seventy dollars.
For fuel, compensation of firemen, and miscel-
laneous items, six thousand dollars.
For the general purposes of the Building corner of F
and Fifteenth streets.
For superintendent, watchmen, rent, fuel, lights,
and miscellaneous items, fifteen thousand dollars,
NAVY DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of the Navy,
Assistant Secretary of the Navy, chief clerk, and
the clerks, messenger, assistant messenger, and
laborers in his office, including four clerks of class
four, and one laborer, at an annual salary ofseven
hundred and twenty dollars per annum, which
are hereby authorized to be^appointed, fifty-five
thousand eight hundred dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau of
Navy-Yards and Docks, and the civil engineer,
chief clerk, clerks, messenger, and laborers in his
office, nineteen thousand six hundred and forty
dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau of
Equipment and Recruiting, chief clerk, and the
clerks, messenger, and laborer in his office, in-
cluding one clerk of class three, and one clerk of
class one, which are hereby authorized to be
appointed, sixteen thousand four hundred and
twenty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau of
Navigation, chief clerk, and the clerks, messenger,
and laborer in his office, ton thousand one hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
of Ordnance, and the assistant, chief clerk, clerks,
draughtsman, messenger, and laborers in his of-
fix*, nineteen thousand one hundred and ninety-
six dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
of Construction and Repair, chief clerk, and the
clerks, draughtsman, messenger, and laborer in
his office, including one additional temporary clerk
of class (wo, winch is hereby authorized to be
appointed, eighteen thousand and twenty dol-
lars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau of
Steam Engineering, chief clerk, and the clerks,
draughtsmen, messenger, and laborer in his office,
eleven thousand and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
of Provisions and Clothing, chief cleik, and the
clerks, messenger, and laborers, twenty-four thou-
sand six hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau of
Medicine anil Surgery, assistant, and the clerks,
messenger and laborer m his office, ten thousand
eight hundred and twenty dollars.
Incidental and Contingent Expenses of the Navy
Department.
Office of the Secretary of the Navy:
For stationery, labor, newspapers, periodicals,
and miscellaneous items,five thousand dollars.
Bureau of Yards and Docks:
For stationery, hooks, plains, drawings, and
incidental labor, one thousand eight hundred dol-
lars.
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting:
Forstationery, booK;$,and miscellaneousitems,
eight hundred doihus.
Bureau of Navigation:
For stationery, blank books, and miscellane-
ous items, eight hundred dollars.
Bureau of Ordnance:
For stationery and miscellaneous items, two
thousand dollars.
Bureau of Construction and Repair:
For stationery and miscellaneous items, one
thousand dollars.
Bureau of Steam Engineering:
For stationery and miscellaneous items, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing:
For stationery and miscellaneous items, one
thousand five1 hundred dollars.
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery:
For blank books, stationery, and miscellaneous
items, eight hundred dollars.
For the generalpurposes of the Southwest Executive
Building.
For compensation of five watchmen and two
laborers of the Southwest Executive Building,
four thousand seven hundred and fifty-two dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, viz:
For labor, fuel, lights, and miscellaneous items,
six thousand five hundred dollars.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Postmaster General,
three Assistant Postmasters General, chief clerk,
and the clerks, messenger, assistant messengers,
watchmen, and laborers of said Department, one
hundred and sixty thousand three hundred and
sixty dollars.
For compensation of twenty-five additional
clerks, twenty thousand dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the Post Office Department.
For blank books, binding, and stationery, fuel
for the General Post Office building, including the
Auditor's office, oil, gas, and candles, printing,
repair of the General Post Office building, office
furniture, glazing, painting, whitewashing, and
for keeping the fireplaces and furnaces in order;
for engineer for steam engine, laborers, watch-
men, repairs of furniture, and for miscellaneous
items, forty thousand dollars.
Money-Order Bureau.
For compensation of Superintendent and the
clerks in his office, seven thousand five hundred
dollars.
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE.
For compensation of Commissioner of Agricul-
ture, chief clerk, and the clerks and employes in
his office, thirty-nine thousand six hundreS dol-
lars.
For contingencies, viz: For stationery, pur-
chase of library, laboratory, rent, and miscella-
neous items, seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For collecting agricultural statistics, twenty
thousand dollars.
For purchase and distribution of new and val-
uable seeds, viz: For purchase of cereal, vegeta-
ble, and flower seeds, and for labor in putting up
seeds, seed-bags, and miscellaneous items, sixty-
one thousand dollars.
For employes m seed room, five thousand two
hundred dollars.
For propagation and distribution of plants,cut-
tings, and shrubs, fourteen thousand dollais:
Prouu/cJ,Thntthc propagation of plants, cuttings,
and shrubsshall be confined to such as are adapted
to general cultivation and to promote the general
interests of horticulture and agricultuie through-
out the United States.
For experimental garden in reservation num-
ber two, eight thousand dollars.
MINT AT PHILADELPHIA.
For salaries of the director, treasurer, assayer,
melter and refiner, chief comer and engraver,
assistant assayer, and seven clerks, twenty-six
thousand four hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen and adjusters, one hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, ten
thousand dollars.
For specimens of ores and coins to be preserved
in the cabinet of the Mmt,tk|ree hundied dolSais.
BRANCH MINT AT SAV FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA.
For salaiics of superintendent, treasurer, as-
sayer, melter and refiner, coinei, and six clerks,
thirty thousand five hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen and adjusters, one hun-
dred and seventy-five thousand dollars.
For incidental and contingent exgenses, re-
pairs, and wastage, fifty thousand dollars.
ASSAY OFFICE,NEW YORK.
For salaries of superintendent, assayer, and
melter and refiner, assistantassayer, officers, and
clerks, twenty-three thousand nine hundred dol-
lars.
For wages of workmen, forty-eight thousand
dollars.
For incidental and contingentexpenses, twenty
thousand dollars.
BRANCH MINT AT DENVER.
For superintendent, assayer, melter, refiner,
coiner, and clerks, thirteen thousand dollars.
For wages of workmen, twenty-one thousand
seven hundred and fifty-five dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, five
thousand dollars.
GOVERNMENTS IN TIIE TERRITORIES.
Territory of New Mexico.
For salaries of Governor, chief justiceand two
associate judges, and secretary, twelve thousand
dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For interpreter and translator in the executive
officc, five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand doilais.
Territory of Utah.
For salaries of Governor, chief justice, two as-
sociate judges, and secretary, twelve thousand
dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks,and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, filteen
thousand dollars.
Territory of Washington.
For salaries of Governor, chief justice, two as-
sociate judges, and secretary, twelve thousand
five hundied dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the membqis
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerk, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, fifteen
thousand dollars.
Territory of Nebraska.
For salaries of Governor, chief justice and two
associate judges, and secretary, ten thousand five
hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said ^rritory, one
thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, eighteen
thousand dollars.
Territory of Colorado.
For salaries of Governor and superintendent
of Indian affairs, chief justice and two associate
judges, and secretary, nine thousand seven hun-
dred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, eighteen
thousand dollars.
State of Nevada.
For salary of superintendent of Indian affairs,
two thousand dollars, or so much thereof as may
be necessary.
Territory of Dakota.
For salaries of Governor and superintendent
of Indian affairs, chief justice and two associate
judges, and secretary, nine thousand seven hun-
dred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory, one*
thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
