1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
12$
Laws of the United States.
38th Con<j....2d Sbss.
contingent expenses of the Assembly, fifteen
thousand dollars.
Territory of Arizona.
For salaries of Governor, chief justice and two
associate judges, and -secretary, twelve thousand
dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For interpreter and translator in the executive
office, five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
Territory of Idaho.
For salaries of Governor and superintendent
of Indian affairs, chief justice and two associate
judges, and secretary, twelve thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For compensation arid mileage of tile members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
Territory of Montana.
For compensation of Governor and superintend-
ent of Indian afhurs, chief justice and two asso-
ciate judges, and secretary, twelve thousand dol-
lars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage.of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses, twenty thousand dollars.
judiciary.
Office of the Attorney General.
For salaries of the Attorney General, Assistant
Attorney General, and the clerks and messenger
in his office, twenty thousand four hundred dol-
lars.
Contingent expenses of the office of the At-
torney General, namely:
For fuel, labor, furniture, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, three thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For purchase of law and necessary books for
the office of the Attorney General, five hundred
dollars.
For legal assistance and other necessary special
and extraordinary expenses in the disposal of
private land claims in California, ten thousand
dollars.
Justices of the Supreme Court of the United States.
For salaries of the Chief Justice and nine
associate justices, sixty thousand five hundred
dollars.
For traveling expenses of the judge assigned to
the tenth circuit for attending session of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, two thousand
dollars.
For salaries of the district judges of the United
States, one hundred and eighteen thousand seven
hundred and fifty dollars.
For salaries of the chief justice of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia, the associate
judges, and judge of the orphans' court, fourteen
thousand five hundred dollars.
For salary of the reporter of the decisions of the
Supreme Court of the United States, one thou-
sand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of the districtattorfleys, nine-
teen thousand one hundred dollars.
For compensation of the district marshals,
twelve thousand dollars.
independent treasury.
For salaries of the Assistant Treasurers of the
United States at New York, Boston, Charleston,
and St. Louis, sixteen thousand five hundred
dollars.
For additional salary of the treasurer of the
Mint at Philadelphia, one thousand dollars.
For additional salary of the treasurer of the
branch mint at New Orleans, five hundred dol-
lars.
For additional salary of the treasurer of the
branch-mint at Denver, five hundred dollars.
For salaries of the clerks and messengers in
office of Assistant Treasurer at Boston, eight
thousand orte hundred dollars.
For salaries of additional clerks in the office
of the Assistant Treasurer at Boston, which are
hereby authorized, eleven thousand five hundred
dollars.
For salaries of clerks, messengers, and watch-
men, in office of the AssistantTreasureratPhila-
delphia, eighteen thousand three hundred dollars.
For salaries of clerks, messengers, and watch-
men, in office of Assistant Treasurer at New
York, one hundred and five thousand three hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
For salaries of clerks, messengers, and watch-
men, in the office of the Assistant Treasurer at
St. Louis, nine thousand seven hundred and sixty
dollars.
Foradditional salaries to the messenger at four
hundred dollars per, annum, and to the four
watchmen at one hundred dollars per annum
each, which increase is hereby authorized, in the
office of the Assistant Treasurer at St. Louis,
eight hundred dollars.
For salaries of clerks, porter, and watchmen,
in the office of the Assistant Treasurer at New
Orleans, nine thousand six hundred dollars.
For compensation of the depositary at Santa
Fe, and the clerk, watchman, and porter in his
office, four thousand eight hundred dollars.
For salary of the clerk to the acting Assistant
Treasurer at Denver, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
For salaries of additional clerks, and additional
compensation of officers and clerks, under act of
August sixth, eighteen hundred and forty-six,
for the better organization of the Treasury, and
tenth section of act of March third, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-three, making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the thirtieth of June, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, at such fuither rates
as the Secretary may deem justsfcnd reasonable,
fifty thousand dollars.
For compensation to designated depositaries,
under fourth section of act of August sixth, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-six, for the collection, safe-
keeping, transfer, and disbursement of the pub-
lic revenue, eight thousand dollars.
For compensation to special agents under act
of sixth of August, eighteen hundred and forty-
six, eight thousand dollars.
For salaries of nine supervising and fifty local
inspectors, appointed under act thirtieth August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, for the better
protection of the lives of passengers by steam-
boats, with traveling and other expenses incurred
by them, eighty thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses under the act of sixth
August, eighteen hundred and forty-six, for the
collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and disburse-
ment of the public revenue, in addition to pre-
mium which may be received on transfer drafts:
Provided, That no part of said sum shall be ex-
pended for clerical services, two hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
For necessary expenses in carrying into effect
the several act3 of Congress authorizing loans
and the issue of Treasury notes, two million dol-
lars: Provided, That the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury be, and they are hereby,
authorized and directed to examine and adjust the
accounts of Stuart Gwynn for printing presses,
machinery, material, and labor furnished and sup-
plied to the Treasury Department, and for ex-
penditures under the authority of the Secretary,
and to report to him such sum as may be equi-
tably due to said Gwynn: Provided further, That
for items furnished or supplied under contract no
greater sum than the contract price shall be al-
lowed: And provided further, That before any
payment shall be made, the said Stuart Gwynn
shall, in such form as may be prescribed by the
Secretary of the Treasury, fully convey and se-
cure to the United States the right to use the said
presses, and any additional number thereof, with
their machinery and future improvements in the
Treasury building, or any other buildings directed
by the Secretary for any and all printing the Gov-
ernment may desire for its own use and purposes.
For procuring dies, stamps, adhesive stamps,
paper, printingformsand regulations, advertising,
and other expenses of carrying into effect the in-
ternal revenue actof June thirtieth, eightoen hun-
dred and ^sixty-four, one million one hundred
thousand dollars.
For paper, special dies, and the printing of cir-
culating notes, and expenses necessarily incurred
(including express charges) in procuring the same,
in the office of the Comptroller of the Currency,
six hundred and seventy-seven thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
commissioners of direct taxes in insurrec-
tionary districts.
For compensation of thirty-three commission-
ers, at three thousand dollars each, and eleven
clerks at twelve hundred dollars each, one hun-
dred and twelve thousand two hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses, advertising, and sur-
veying, forty thousand dollars.
For compensation to the laborer in charge of
the water-closets in the Capitol, five hundred and
twenty-five dollars and sixty cents.
For compensation of four laborers in Capitol,
two thousand eight hundred and eighty dollars.
For compensation to the public gardener, one
thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of a foreman and twenty-
one laborers employed in the public grounds, six-
teen thousand and eighty dollars.
For compensation of the keeper of the western
gate, Capitol square, one thousand dollars.
For compensation of two day watchmen em-
ployed in the Capitol square, one thousand four
hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the doorkeeper at the
President's House, seven hundred and twenty
dollars.
For compensation of assistant doorkeeper at
the President's house, seven hundred and twenty
dollars.
For compensation of one night watchman at
the public stables and carpenters' shops soutlrof
the Capitol, one thousand dollars.
For compensation of watchman in reservation
number two, seven hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of eight draw-keepers at
the Potomac bridge, and for fuel, oil, and lamps,
seven thousand five hundred and fifty-three dol-
lars and sixty cents.
For compensation of two draw-keepers at the
two bridges across the eastern branch of the Po-
tomac, and for fuel, oil, and lamps, one thousand
three hundred and ninety-six dollars.
For compensation of furnace-keeper under the
old Hall of the House of Representatives, seven
hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of furnace-keeper at the
President's House, seven hundred and twenty
dollars.
metropolitan police.
For salaries and other necessary expenses of
the Metropolitan Police for the District ofColum-
bia,one hundred and ten thousand dollars. And
the compensation of said metropolitan police force,
officers, and clerks, is hereby increased fifty per
centum, upon the amount heieby appropiiuted,
commencing on the first day of July, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five, said increase to be borne
bv the cities of Washington and Georgetown, and
tile county of Washington in the District of Co-
lumbia, in proportion to the number of patrolmen
allotted severally to the city of Washington, to
the city of Georgetown, and the county of Wash-
ington, and the levy court of said county are
hereby authorized and empowered to levy a spe-
cial tax not exceeding one quarter of one per
centum for the p'uipose aforesaid.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That, to ena-
ble the Secretary of the Tieasury to provide tern-
poraryaecommodationsfor the State Department,
and for the accommodation of such of the clerks
of the Treasury Department as cannot be accom-
modated in the present building, the sum of twen-
ty-five thousand dollais is hereby appropriated,
and for the purpose of furnishing and fitting up
suitable rooms for the office of the Attorney Gen-
eral, if it shall be necessary for him to remove from
the Treasury Department, the sum of ten thou-
sand dollars is hereby appropriated, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act, the public lands in
the State of Nevada shall, forsurveying purposes,
