im
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
[Margin 3,
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Laics of the United States.
ordnance; repairs to magazine; and for strength-
ening old wharf at magazine and building new
addition, forty-four ;uousand four hundred and
eighty-six dollars.
miscellaneous.
For pay of supetintendents, naval constructors,
and all the civil establishments of the several navy-
yards and stations, one hundred and thirty-two
thousand eight hundred and seventy dollars.
For expenses of professors, watchmen, and
others, and contingencies of the United States
Naval Academy,one hundred and fifteen thousand
six hundred and twenty-six dollars.
naval observatory.
For pay of assistant astronomer, three aids, and
clerk, eight thousand dollars.
For wages of instrument maker, two watch-
men, porter, messenger, and laborers; keeping
grounds in order, and repairs to buildings and in-
cisures; fuel, lights, office furniture,and station-
ery; and for freight, transportation, postage, and
inridental expenses, fourteen thousand dollars.
For preparing for publication the American
Nautical Almanac, twenty-five thousand eight
hundred and fifty dollars.
naval asylum, philadelphia.
Forfurnitureand repairsofsame; house-cleaning
and whitewashing; furnaces, grates,and ranges;
gas and water rent; improvement of grounds;
wharves and lots; and for hospitai, and repairs
of all kinds; five thousand six hundred dollars.
For support of beneficiaries, forty-two thou-
sand dollars.
To meet emergencies at the Atlantic, East and
"West Gulf, and Mississippi stations, five hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For pay of photographer in the Bureau of Ord-
nance, three hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That no mid-
shipman shall be appointed for any district not
represented in Congress.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, Thatsomuch
of the second section ot an act entitled "An act
to increase and regulate the pay of the Navy of
the United States," approved June one, eighteen
hundred and sixty, as provided that the officer
charged with expenmcnts in gunnery at the navy-
yard, Washington, shall receive tiie sea-service
pay of the grade next above him, be, and the same
is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That to de-
fray the necessary expenses of the commission
" to select the most approved site for a navy-yard
or naval station on the Mississippiriver, orupon
one of its tributaries," the sum of two thousand
five hundred and ninety dollars is hereby appro-
priated.
Sec. 5. Jlndbe it further enacted, That the sum
of one hundred thousand dollars is hereby appro-
priated to enlarge the accommodations for sick,
wounded, and otherwise disabled at the Naval
Asylum, Philadelphia, authorized by actof Con-
gress of March fourteen, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Navy be, and is hereby, authorized
to purchase the balance of square nine hundred
and forty-eight, in the city of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, some fourteen thousand feet,
upon which^a naval hospital is now in course of
erection: Provided the same can be obtained, in
the judgment of the Secretary, upon terms deemed
just and reasonable.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted^ That so much
of the proviso of the act of third March,eighteen
hundred and forty-three, entitled "An act making
appropriations for the naval service for the half
calendar year, beginning the first of January
and ending the thirtieth day of June,, eighteen
hundred and forty-four," as requires that provis-
ions, and all other materials of every name and
nature, for the use of the Navy, be furnished by
contract with the lowest bidder, after advertise-
ment, shall be, and the same is hereby, so far
modified, that it shall not apply to bunting deliv-
ered for the use of the Army and Navy; that it
shall be lawful for the Secretary of War, the
Secretary of the Navy, and the Secretary of the
Treasury to enter into a contract for bunting, of
American manufacture, as their respective ser-
vices require, for a period not exceeding one year,
and at a price not exceeding thatat which an arti-
cle of equal quality can be imported.
Approved, Maich 2, 1865.
Chap. LXXV.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Support of the Military Academy for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the Uiiited States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the support of the Military Academy for the year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six.
For pay of officers, instructors, cadets, and mu-
sicians, one hundred and fifty-four thousand seven
hundred and fifty-six dollars.
For commutation of subsistence, four thousand
one hundred and sixty-one dollars.
For pay in lieu of clothing to officers' servants,
sixty dollars.
For current and ordinary expenses, as follows:
repairs and improvements, fuel and apparatus,
forage, postage, telegrams, stationery, transpor-
tation, printing, clerks, miscellaneous and inci-
dental expenses, and departments of instruction,
fifty-seven thousand nine hundred and twenty-
seven dollars.
For increase and expenses of library, one thou-
sand dollars.
For forage forartillery and cavalry horses, sev-
enteen thousand dollars.
For supplying horses for artillery and cavalry
exercise, one thousand dollars.
For repairs of officers' quarters, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
For targets and batteries for artillery exercise,
one hundied dollars.
For furniture for hospital for cadets, two hun-
dred dollars.
For annual repairs of gas-pipes and retorts,
three hundred dollars.
For warming apparatus for academic and other
buildings, ten thousand dollars.
For building public wharf, five thousand dollars
For quarters for subaltern officers, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
For fire apparatus, three thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That section
four of chapter forty-five of the public acts of the
first session of the Thirty-Eighth Congress, re-
lating to cadets " found deficient,'9 is hereby re-
pealed.
Approved, March 2, 1865.
Chap. LXXVI.—An Act to establish the Office
of Solicitor and Naval Judge Advocate.
Be it enacted by the J3enate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President be, and heis hereby,
authorized to appoint, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, for service during the
rebellion arid one year thereafter, an officer in the
Navy Department, to be called the " Sohcitorand
Naval Judge Advocate General," at an annual
salary of three thousand five hundred dollars, and
that until the close of the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, the sal-
ary herein provided for shall be paid from- any
money in the Treasury not otherwise, appropri-
ated.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the fees
for record in naval courts-martial shall not in any
one case exceed the sum of two hundred dollars.
Approved, March 2, 1865.
Chap. LXXVII.—An Act to provide Ways and
Means for the Support of the Government.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to borrow, from time
to time, on the credit of the United States, in ad-
dition to the amounts heretofore authorized, any
sums not exceeding in the aggregate stx hundred
millions of dollars, and to issue therefor bonds
or Treasury notes of the United States, in such,
form as he may prescribe; and so much thereof
as may be issued in bonds shall be of denomina-
tions not less than fifty dollars, and may be made
payable at any period not more than forty years
fiom date of issue, or may be made redeemable,
at the pleasure of the Government, at or after
any period not less than five years nor more than
foity years from date, or may be made redeem-
able and payable as aforesaid, as may be expressed
upon their face; and so much thereof as may be
issued in Treasury notes may be made convert-
ible into any bonds authorized by this act, and
may be ofsuch denominations-—not less than fifty
dollars—and bear such dates and be made redeem-
able or payable at such periods as in the opinion
of the Secretary of the Treasury may be deemed
expedient. And the interest on such bonds shall
be payable semi-annually; and on Treasury notes
authorized by this act the interest may be made
payable semi-annually, or annually, or at maturity
thereof; and the principal, or interest, or both,
may be made payable in coin or in other lawful
money: Provided, That the rate of interest on
any such bonds or Treasury notes, when payable
in coin, shall not exceed six per centum per an-
num; and when not payable in coin shall not
exceed seven and three tenths per centum per
annum; and the rate and character of interest shall
beexpressed on all such bonds orTreasury not«s:
And provided further, That the act entitled "An
act to provide ways and means for the support of
the Government, and for other purposes," ap-
proved June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, shall be so construed as to authorize the
issue of bonds of any description authorized by
this act. And any Treasury notes or other obli-
gations bearing interest, issued under any act of
Congress, may, at the discretion of the Secretary
of the Treasuiy, and with the consent of the
holder, be converted into any description of bonds
authorized by this act; and no bonds so author-
ized shall be considered a part of the amount of
six hundred millions hereinbefore authorized.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may dispose of any of the
bonds or other obligations issued under this act,
either in the United States or elsewhere, in such
manner, and at such rates, and under such con-
ditions, as he may think advisable, for coin, or
for other lawful money of the United States, or
for any Treasury notes, certificates of indebted-
ness', or certificates of deposit, or other represent-
atives of value, which have been or may be issued
under any act of Congress; and may, at his dis-
cretion, issue bonds or Treasury notes author-
ized by this act, in payment for any requisitions
for materials or supplies u hich shall have been
made by the appropriate Department or officeis
upon the Treasury of the United States, on re-
ceiving notice in writing through the Department
or office making the requisition, that the owner
of the claim for which the requisition is issued
desires to subscribe for an amount of loan that
will cover said requisition, or any part thereof;
and all bonds or other obligations issued under
this act shall be exempt from taxation by or under
State or municipal authority.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all the
provisions of the act entitled "An act to provide
ways and means for the support of the Govern-
ment, and for other purposes," approved June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, in re-
lation to forms, inscriptions, devices, and the print-
ing, attestation, sealing, signing, and counterfeit-
ing thereof, with such others as are applicable,
shall apply to the 'bonds and other obligations
issued under this act: Provided, That nothing
herein contained shall be construed as authoriz-
ing the issue of legal-tender notes in any form;
and a sum, not exceeding one per centum of the
amount of bonds and other obligations issued
under this act, is hereby appropriated to pay the
expense of preparing and issuing the same, and
disposing thereof.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
f  
^Chap. LXXVIII.—An Act to amend an Act en-
titled "An Act to provide Internal Revenue to
support the Government, to pay Interest on the
PublicDebt,andforother purposes,"approved -
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four. J
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembledj That the act entitled "An act to pro-
