334
Af¥fc$Bt£ TO ME CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Latos of the United States.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That luci-
fer or friction mutches, and cigar-lights and wax
tapers, may be transferred, without payment of
duty, directly from the place of manufacture to
a bonded warehouse established in conformity
^vith law and Treasury regulations; and upon the
execution of such transportation bonds, or other
security, us the Secretary of the Treasury may
prescribe, said bonds to be taken by the collector
in the district from which such removal is made,
and may be withdrawn therefrom forconsumptlon
afteraffixing the stamps thereto, as provided by the
act to which this act is an amendment, or may be
removed therefrom for export to a foreign coun-
try without payment of duty or affixing stamps
thereto, in conformity with the provisions of the
act aforesaid, relating to the removal of distilled
spirits, al! the rules and regulations and conditions
of which, as far as applicable, shall apply to luci-
fer or friction matches, cigar-lights, and wax ta-
pers in bonded warehouse. And no drawback
shall in any case be allowed upon any Inciter "r
friction matches, cigar-Iighis, or wax tapers upon
which any excisc duty has been paid, or stamps
'affixed,either before orafter they have been placed
in bonded warehouse.
Sec. 12. tfind be it further enacted, That any
person required by law to be licensed as a manu-
facturer of tobacco, snuff, or cigars, before said
license is issued, shall give a bond to the United
States in such sum as shall be required by the
collector, and with one or more sureties to he ap-
proved- by the collector, conditioned that he will
comply with all the requirements of law, in regard
to any persons, firms, companies, or corpora-
tions engaged in the manufacture of tobacco, snuff,
or cigars; that lie will not manufacture nor em-
ploy others to manufacture tobacco, snuff, or
cigars without firstobtainingthe requisite permit
for such manufacture; that he will not engage in
any attempt by himselfor by collusion with others
to defraud the Government of any duty or tax on
any manufacture of tobacco, snuff, or cigars; that
he will render truly and correctly all the returns,
statements, and inventories prescribed for manu-
facturers of tobacco, snuff, and cigars, and will
pay to the collector of the district all the duty or
taxes which may or should be assessed and due
on any tobacco, snuff, or cigars, so manufactured,
and that he will not knowingly sell, purchase, or
reccive for sale any such tobacco, snuff, or cigars
which has not been inspected, branded,or stamped,
as required by law, or upon which the tax has
not been paid.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That all
persons and every person who shall engage or be
concerned in the business of a lottery dealer with-
out having first obtained a license so to do, under
jsuch rules and regulations as shall be prescribed
by the Secretary of the Treasury, shall forfeit
and pay a penalty of one thousand dollars, to be
assessed by the assessor of the proper district and
collected as assessed taxes are collected,subject,
nevertheless, to the provisions of law relating to
erroneous assessments, and shall, on conviction
by any court of competent jurisdiction, suffer im-
prisonment for a period not exceeding a year, at
the discretion of the court. And it shall be the
duty of all managers and proprietors, and their
agents, to keep, or cause to be kept, just and true
books of account wherein all their transactions
nhall be plainly and legibly set forth, which books
of account shall at all reasonable times and hours
tu) subject to the inspection of the assessor, assist-
ant assessor, revenue agent, and inspector of the
pioper district; and any manager, proprietor,
agent, or vender" under this act, who shall refuse
or prohioit such inspection of his or their books,
n* aforesaid, shall pay a penalty of one thousand
dollars, or suffer imprisonment for a term not ex-
ceeding one year for every such offense.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the
capital of any State bank or banking association
which has ceased, or shall cease to exist, or which
has been or shall be converted into a national bank,
for all the purposes of the act to which this is an
amendment, shall be assumed to be the capital as
it existed immediately before such bank ceased
toexistorwas converted asaforesaid. Arid when-
ever the outstanding circulation of any bank, as-
tf&fetation, corporation, company, or person shall
be reduced to an amount not exceeding five per
centum of the chartered or declared capital exist-
ing at the time the same was issued, said circula-
tion shall be free from taxation. And whenever
any State bank or banking association has been
converted intoa national banking association, and
such national banking association has assumed
the liabilities of such State bank or banking as-
sociation, including the redemption of its bills,
such national banking association shall be held
to make the required return and payment on the
circulation outstanding, so long as such circula-
tion shall exceed five per centum of the .capital
before such conversion of such State bank or bank-
ing association.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That in any
port of the United States in which there is more
than one collector of internal revenue, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall designate one of said
collectors to have charge of all matters relating to
the exportation of articles subject to duty under
the laws to provide internal revenue; and at such
ports as the Secretary of the Treasury may deem
nccessary there shall be an officer appointed by
him to superintend all matters of expoi tation and
drawback, under the direction of the collector,
whose compensation therefor shall be prescribed
by the Secretary of the Treasury, not exceeding,
however, in any case, an annual rate of two thou-
sand dollars, which, together with the office ex-
penses of such 8uperinten[den]ce, shall not be
included in the maximum of the aggregate ex-
penses of the office of the said collector. And all
books, papers, and documents in the bureau of
drawback in the different ports, relating to the
drawback of duties paid under the internal reve-
nue laws, shall be delivered to said collector of
internal revenue.
Sec. 16. Andbeilfurther enacted* That all pro-
visions of any former act inconsistent with the
provisions of this act are hereby repealed: Pro-
vided, however, That no duty imposed by any
previous act, which has become due or of which
return has been or ought to be made, shall be re-
mitted or released by this act, but the same shall
be collected and paid, and all fines and penalties
heretofore incurred shall be enforced and collected,
and all offenses heretoforecommittedshall be pun-
ished as if this act had not been passed; and the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, under the di-
rection of the Secretary of the Treasury, is author-
ized to make all necessary regulationsand to pre-
scribe ail necessary forms and proceedings for the
collection of such taxes and the enforcement of
such fines and penalties for the execution of the
provisions of this act.
Sec 17. And be it further enacted, That the priv-
ilege of purchasing supplies ofgoodsimported from
foreign countries for the use of the United Stales,
duty free, which now does or hereafter shall exist
by provision of law,shall beextended,under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may
prescribe, to all articles of domestic production
which are subject to tax by the provisions of this
act.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall be in force and effect on and after the first
day of April, in the year eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, unless otherwise provided by this act.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
to appoint a commission, consisting of three per-
sons, to inquire and report, at the earliest prac-
ticable moment, upon the subject of raising, by
taxation, such revenue as may be necessary in
order to supply the wants of the Government,
having regard to, and including, the sources from
which such revenue should be drawn, and the
best and most efficient mode of raising the same,
and to report the form of a bill; and that such
commission have power to inquire into the man-
ner and efficiency of the presentand past methods
of collecting the internal revenue, and to take tes-
timony in such manner and under such regula-
tions as may be prescribed by the Secretary of
the Treasury. And such commissioners shall
receive for their services three hundred dollars a
month for the time necessarily employed, and
their nec.pssary traveling expenses.
Sec. SO. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury may, at any time prior
to the first day of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, assign to the office of the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue such number of clerks as he
may deem necessary, or the exigencies of the
public service may require; and the privilege of
franking all letters and documents pertaining to
the duties of his office, and of receiving free of
postage all such letters and documents, is hereby
extended to said Commissioner.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. LXXIX.—An Act to amend the sevora!
Acts heretofore passed to provide for the En-
rolling and Calling out the National Forces, and
for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the measure of allowance for pay
for an officer's servant is the pay of a private
soldier as fixed by law at the time; that no non-
commissioned officer shall be detailed or employed
to act as a servant, nor shall any private soldier
be so detailed or employed except with his own
consent; that for each soldier employed as a ser-
vant by any officer there shall be deducted from
the monthly pay of such officer the full monthly
pay and allowances of the soldier so employed;
and that, includingany soldier or soldiers so em-
ployed, no officer shall be allowed for any greater
number of servants than is now provided bylaw,
nor be allowed for any servant not actually and
in fact in his employ.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That non-
commissioned officers and privates in the volun-
teer service shall receive the same amount of
clothing as non-commissioned officers and pri-
vates of the same arm of the regular Army.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That if a sol-
dier, discharged for wounds received in battle,
die before receiving the bounty provided by the
act of March third, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, entitled "An act to amend an act to author-
ize the employment of volunteers, and so forth,"
the bounty due shall be paid to the following per-
sons, and in the order following, and to no other
person, to wit: first, to the widow of such de-
ceased soldier, if there be one; second, if there be
no widow, then to the children of'such deceased
soldier, share and share alike; third, if such sol-
dier left neither a widow, or child or children,
then and in that case such bounty shall be paid
to the following persons, provided they be resi-
dents of the United States, to wit: first, to his
father; or if he shall not be living, or has aban-
doned the support of his family, then to the mother
of such soldier; and if there be neither father nor
mother as aforesaid, then such bounty shall be
paid to the brothers and sisters of the deceased
soldier, resident as aforesaid.
Sec. 4. Aryd be it further enacted, That every
non-commissioned officer, private, or other per- *
son, who has been, or shall hereafter be, dis-
charged from the Army of the United States by
reason of wounds received in battle, on skirmish,
on picket, orin action, or in the line of duty, shall
be entitled to receive the same bounty as if he had
served out his full term; and all acts and parts of
acts inconsistent with this are hereby repealed. .
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all per-
sons of color who were enlisted and mustered into
the military service of the United States in South
Carolina, by and under the direction of Major
General Hunter and Brigadier General Saxton,
in pursuance of the authority from the Secretary
of War, dated August twenty-fifth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two," that the persons so received
into service, and their officers, to be entitled to
and receive the same pay and rations as are al-
lowed by law to other volunteers in the service;"
and in every case where it shall be made to ap-
pear to the satisfaction of the Secretary of War
thatany regiment of colored troops has been mus-
tered into the service of the United States, under
any assurance by the President or the Secretary
of War, that the non-commissioned officers and
privates of such regimentshould be paid the same
as other troops of the same arm of the service,
shall, from the date of their enlistment, receive the
same pay and allowances as are allowed by law
to other volunteersiu the military service; and the
Secreiaiy of War shall make all necessaiy regu-
lations to cause payment to be made in accordance
herewith.
