138
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March. 3^
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
deducted from their pay in the same manner as
at present provided for the settlement of clothing
accounts.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That, in addi-
tion to the amount hereinbefore appropriated for
the pay of the Army, the sum of thirty-six mil-
lions of dollars is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. LXXXII.—An Act to amend an Act en-
titled "An Act to provide a National Currency,
secured by a Pledge of United States Bonds,
and to provide for the Circulation and Redemp-
tion thereof." «
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
^ sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That section twenty-one of said act be
so amended that said section shall read as fol-
lows:
Sec. 21. Jlnd be it further enacted. That upon
the transfer and delivery of bonds to the Treas-
urer, as provided in the foregoing section, the
association making the same shall be entitled to
receive from the Comptroller of the Currency cir-
culating notesofdifferentdenominations, in blank,
registered and countersigned as hereinafter pro-
vided, equal in amount to ninety per centum of
the current market value of the United States
bonds tfo transferred and delivered, but not ex-
ceeding ninety per centum of the amount of said
bonds at the par value thereof, if bearing interest
at a rate not less than five percentum perannum;
and the amount of said circulating notes to be
furnished to each association shall be in propor-
tion to its paid-up capital as follows, and no more:
To each association whose capital shall not ex-
ceed five hundred thousand dollars, ninety per
centum of such capital; to each association whose
capital exceeds five hundred thousand dollars,
but does not exceed one million dollars, eighty
per centum of such capital; to each association
whose capital exceeds one million dollars, but
does not exceed three millions of dollars, seventy-
five per centum of such capital; to each associa-
tion whose capital exceeds three millions of dol-
lars, sixiy per cent, of such capital. And that
one hundred and fifty millions of dollars of the
enure amount of circulating notes authorized to
be issued shall be apportioned to associations in
the States, in the District of Columbia, and in
the Territories, according to representative popu-
lation,and the remainder shall be apportioned by
the Secretary of the Treasury among associations
formed in the several States, in the District of Co-
lumbia, and in the Territories, having due regard
to the existing ban king capital, resources, and busi-
ness of such States, District, and Territories!
Approved, March 3,1865.
Chap. LXXXIII.—An Act to prevent the Enlist-
tnentof Persons charged with Crime in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, as Substituted] or as Vol-
unteers in the Artny or Wavy, and to prevent
Frauds at the District Jail, m the city of VVash-
ington.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That, fiotn and alter the passage of this
act, it shall be unlawful for any person, with
knowledge of the fact, to present or offer to any
recruiting agent or officer, or any muster-in officer
iu the United States military or naval service,
either as a volunteer or as a substitute for any
"person, any person charged with the commission
of any criminal offense, and confined or held on
bail for the trial of such offense, within the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and it shall in like manner be
unlawful for any person, in any way or manner,
to abet, aid, or assist in procuring the offer or
acceptance of any person so charged or held for
trial, or released on bail andawaiting trial,either
as a volunteer or as a substitute for any person
drafted or liable to draft in the military or naval
service of the United States, whether the person
so diufied or liable to draft shall be a resident of
the District of Columbia, or shall reside else-
where. And any person who shall knowingly
offend against the provisions of* this section, or
either of such provisions, shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and shall upon conviction
thereof, before a court of competent jurisdiction
in said district, be punished by a fine of not less
than two hundied and fifty dollars,and not moie
than one thousand dollars, and by imprisonment
in the district prison for a term not less than six
months nor more than one year.
Sec . 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That any officer
of the district jail of the District of Columbia, or
any guard thereof, or any attache or employe con-
nected with said jail, who shall demand or directly
or indirectly receive, any compensation, fee, re-
ward, or gratuity for any information given in
respect to any prisoner confined therein, or await-
ing trial upon bail, or for any service, assistance,
or influence rendered, given, or exerted, with any
view, intent, or purpose of having such person
thus charged or held for trial, or held in [on] bail
to await trial, taken, offered, or used either as a
volunteer or as a substitute for any other in the
military or naval service, or who shall corruptly
receive, for any act done by virtue of his office or
employment, any fee, compensation, reward, or
gratuity, shall be deemed guilty of a misdeancr
[misdemeanor] [and] shall on conviction thereof
in any district court of cornpetent jurisdiction, be
punished by a fine of not less than two hundred
and fifty dollars, and not more than one thousand
dollars, and by imprisonment in the district prison
for a term not less than three months nor more
than one year.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. LXXX1V.—An Act supplementary to the
several Acts relating to Pensions.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That no invalid pensioner now or here-
after in the service of the United States shall be
entitled to draw a pension for any period of time
during which he is or shall be entitled to the full
pay or salary which an able-bodied person dis-
charging like duties to the Governmentisallowed
by law.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That acting
assistant or contract surgeons disabled by any
wound received or disease contracted while actu-
ally performing the duties of assistant surgeons
or acting assistant surgeons, with any military
forces in the field or in transitu, shall be entitled
to the benefits of the pension laws in the same
manner as if they had actually been mustered into
the service with the rank of " assistantsurgeon,"
and the widows, minorchildren, or the dependents
of acting assistantsurgeons dying while perform-
ing the duty aforesaid, shall in like manner be
entitled to the same benefits of the pension laws as
if the deceased had been actually mustered into
the service as assistant surgeons.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all per-
sons now by law entitled to a less pension than
hereafter specified who shall have lost one foot
and one hand in the military service of the United
States, and in the line of his [their] duty, shall be
entitled to twenty dollars per month.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That if any
officer or other person named in the first section
of an act entitled "An act to grant pensions,1'
approved July fourteen, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, has died since the fourth day of March,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, or shall hereafter
die by reason of any wound received or disease
contracted while in the service of the United States,
and in the line of duty, his widow, or if there be
no widow, or- in case of her death or marriage,
withou; payment to herof any part of the pension
hereinafter mentioned, his child or children, under
sixteen years of age, shall be entitled to receive
the same pension as the husband or father would
have been entitled to under said act, had he been
totally disabled, to commence from the death of
the husband or father, and to continue to the
widow during her widowhood, or to the child or
children until they severally attain to the age of
sixteen years, and no longer: Provided,That when
such pension has been, or shall hereafter be, paid
to the widow, such child or children shall only
be entitled to receive the pension, to commence
from the death or marriage of such widow and
[to] continue as aforesaid: Provided further, That
nothing herein contained shall be construed to
repeal or modify the tenth section of an act en-
titled "An act supplementary to 'An act to grant
pensions,' approved July fourteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two," approved July fourth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and said section
is hereby declared to be in full force and effect in
all cases arising under this act to which said sec-
tion is applicable, saving and excepting such cases
as are embraced in the preceding proviso.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. LXXXY.—An Act to provide for a Chief
of Staff to the Lieutenant General commanding
the Armies of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States'of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
may, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, appoint a Chief of Staff to the Lieutenant
General commanding the armies of the United
States, who shall have the rank, pay, and allow-
ances of a brigadier general in the United States
Army.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. LXXXVI.—An Act regulating Proceed-
ings in Criminal Cases, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That every grand jury impanneled be-
fore any district or circuit court of the United
States to inquire into and presentment make of
public offenses against the United States, com-
mitted or triable within the district for which the
court is holden, shall consist of not less than six-
teen and not exceeding twenty-three persons. If
of the persons summoned less than sixteen attend,
they shall be placed on the grand jury, and the
court shall order the marshal to summon, either
immediately or for a day fixed, from the body of
the district, and not from the bystanders, a suffi-
cient number of persons to complete the grand
jury. And whenever a challenge to an individual
grand juror is allowed, and there are not other
jurors in attendance sufficient to complete the
grand jury, the court shall make a like order to
the marshal to summon a sufficient number of
persons for that purpose. No indictment shall
be found, nor shall any presentment be made,
without the concurrence of at least twelve grand
jurors. Prom the persons summoned and ac-
cepted as grand jurors, the court shall appoint
the foreman, who shall have power to administer
oaths and affirmations to witnesses appearing be-
fore the grand jury.
Sec. 2- And be it further enacted, That when the
offense charged be treason or a capital offense,
the defendant shall be entitled to twenty and the
United States to five peremptory challenges. On
a trial for any other offense in which the rightof
peremptory challenge now exists; the defendant
shall be entitled to ten and the United States to two
peremptory challenges. All challenges, whether
to the array on panel or to individual jurors for
cause or favor, shall be tried by the court without
the aid of triers.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That in every
case where any person convicted of any offense
against the United States shall be sentenced to
imprisonment for a piriod longer than one year,
it shall be lawful for the court by which the sen-
tence is passed to order the same to be executed
in any State prison or penitentiary within the dis-
trict or State where such court i$ held, the use of
which prison or penitentiary is allowed by the
Legislature of such State for such purposes; and
the expenses attendant upon the execution ofsuclx
sentence shall be paid by the United States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That issues
of fact in civil cases in any circuit court of the
United States may be tried and determined by the
court without the intervention of a jury, when-
ever the parties, or their attorneys of record, file
a stipulation in writing with the clerk of the
court waiving a jury. The finding of the court
upon the facts, which finding may be either gen-
eral or special, shall have the same effect as the
verdictof a jury. The rulings of the court in the
court [cause] in the progress of the trial, when
excepted to at the time, may be reviewed by the
Supreme Court of the United States upon a writ
