1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong....2d Sess.
ceedirig ten in number, an officer of the subsist-
ence department, to act as chief commissary of
such military division,army, military department,
or depot, and also an officer of the subsistence
department as assistant in the office of the Com-
missary General of Subsistence, each of whom,
while so assigned and acting, shall have the rank,
pay, and emoluments of a colonel of the subsist-
ence department; and, in like manner, may as-
sign, for purposes of inspection or other special
duty in the subsistence department, commissaries
of subsistence, not exceeding six in number, each
of whom, while so assigned and acting, shall have
the rank, pay, and emoluments of a lieutenant
colonel of the subsistence department; and to each
Army corps an officer of the subsistence depart-
ment to be chief commissary of the corps, with
the like rank of lieutenant colonel; and, in like
manner, may assign to each division of two or
more brigades a commissary, who, while so as-
signed and acting, shall have the rank, pay, and
emoluments of a major of the subsistence depart-
ment: Provided, That when any one of said offi-
cers is relieved from such duty, his increased
rank, pay, and emoluments, allowed because of
such assignment, shall cease, and he shall return to
his commissioned rank in the subsistence depart-
ment: And provided further, That the officers au-
thorized to be assigned by this act shall be selected
for each grade from the commissaries of subsist-
ence who hold commissions or rank in the vol-
unteer service and in the regular subsistence de-
partment in proportion to the number of each of
said classes respectively in service at the date of
the passage of this act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Thatalllaws
and parts of laws inconsistent with the provis-
ions o,f this act are hereby repealed.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. XCIV.—An Act to provide for two As-
sistant Local Inspectors of Steamboats in the
City ofNew York, and for two Local Inspectors
at Galena, Illinois, and to reestablish the Board
of Local Inspectors at Wheeling; and also to
amend the Act approved June eighth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, entitled " An Act to
create an additional Inspector of Steam boats and
two Local Inspectors of Steamboats for Collec-
tion Districts of Memphis and Oregon, and for
other purposes."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That there shall be designated and ap-
pointed, in the mode prescribed by law, two as-
sistant local inspectors of steamboats in the city
ofNew York, and two local inspectors at the city
of Galena, Illinois, with an annual compensation
of twelve hundred dollars for the said assistant
local inspector's in the city of New Y ork, and eight
hundred dollars for the two local inspectors at the
city of Galena, Illinois, as in case of other like
inspectors; and said inspectors shall perform the
duties and be subject to the provisions of the
steamboat act of August thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-two. And the local board of in-
spectors at Wheeling is hereby reestablished.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That, m lieu
of the fees for inspection prescribed by the sixth
section of the act entitled "An act to create an
additional super vising inspector of steamboats and
two local inspectors of steamboats for the collec-
tion district of Memphis, Tennessee, and two local
inspectors for the collection district ofOregon, and
for other purposes,"approved June eighth,eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-four, there shall be levied
and paid for each steam-ve'ssel of one hundred
tons or under, twenty-five dollars, and in addition
thereto for each and every ton, in excess of one
hundred tons, five cents.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That all acts
or*'parts of acts inconsistent with this act are
hereby lepealed.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap XCV.—An Act to provide for the Publi-
cation of the Opinions of the Attorneys General
of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America m Congress
assembled, That the Attorney General be, and he
is hereby, authorized to contract on behalf of the
United States with a suitable book publisher for
the printing and publishing of the unpublished
opinions of the Attorneys General of the United
States, delivered since the fourth of March, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-seven, on the terms follow-
ing, to wit:«The said opinions to be published in
as many volumes as may be necessary, which
shall be, as to the quality of paper, printing, and
binding, of uniform style and appearance with
the eighth volurpe of said opinions, published by
Robert Farnham, in the year eighteen hundred
and fifty-eight, and, as nearly as possible, of uni-
form size with said eighth volume, and which shall
be numbered in regular order after the said eighth
volume; the copyright thereof to be taken out by,
and be for the use of, the publisher, who shall de-
liver to the Attorney General for the use of the
United States, within one month after the publi-
cation thereof, three hundred sets of said volumes,
at the price of three dollars per volume, payable
after they are so delivered. And the Attorney
General is hereby authorized to employ acompe-
tent person to edit and prepare the said opinions for
publication, as aforesaid, with proper head notes,
and a full and complete index, and to supervise
the said publication. When the said three hun-
dred sets shall have been delivered for the use of
the United States, the Attorney General shall
cause them to be distributed as follows: For the
President of the United States, two sets; for the
Department of State, ten sets; for the Department
of the Treasury and the heads of the bureaus
thereof, twenty-five sets; for the Department of
War and the heads of the bureaus thereof, twenty-
five sets; for the Department of the Navy and the
heads of bureaus thereof, fifteen sets; for the De-
partment of the Interiorand the heads of bureaus
thereof, twenty sets; for the Department of the
Post Office, ten sets; for the Attorney General's
office, ten sets; for thejudges of the Supreme Court
of the United States, one set each; for the library
of said court, three sets; for the judges of the
Court of Claims, the solicitor and assistant and
deputy solicitors of said court, one set each; for
the Library of Congress, fifty sets, for the use
of both Houses of Congress; the residue of the
said three hundred sets to remain in charge of the
Librarian of Congress, at the future disposal of
Congress. And the sum of seven thousand dollars
is hereby appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay for
the editing of the said opinions and the price of
the said three hundred vdlumes, which money
shall be disbursed on vouchers approved by the
Attorney General.
Approved, March, 3, 1865.
Chap. XCVI—An Act to remove all Disqualifi-
cation of Color in carrying the Mails.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That from and after the passage of this
act no person, by reason of color, shall be dis-
qualified from employment in carrying the mails,
and all acts and parts of acts establishing such
disqualification, including especially the seventh
section of the act of March third, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-five, are hereby repealed.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. XCV 11.—An Act relating to the Clerk-
ships in the Post Office-Department.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmerica in Congress
assembled, That the third section of an act of Con-
gress entitled " An act making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending thirtieth of June, eigh-
teen hundredand fifty-four," approved the third
of March, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, be,
and the same is hereby, amended so as to author-
ize the appointment of a chief clerk in the offices of
each of the three Assistants Postmaster General,
at a salary of two thousand dollars per annum
^Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That, in lieu
of temporary clerks now employed in the Post
Office Department and paid out of the appropria-
tion forpostage stamps and stamped envelopes and
the proceeds of sales of waste paper, the Postmas-
ter General be, and he is hereby, authorized to ap-
point two clerks of class three, two clerks of class
two, and five clerks of class one.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, Thatthesum
of eighteen thousand dollars be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay the
clerks provided for in the two preceding sections
of this act.
Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted, That the sum
of six thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, for the payment of
such temporary clerks as the Postmaster Gen-
eral may, from time to time, deem necessary.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That un-
claimed money in dead letters for which no owner
can be found, and also all money derived from
sales of waste paper or other public property in
post offices or the Post Office Department, be
deposited in the Treasury of the United States,
under the direction of the Postmaster General,
for the service of the Post Office Department; and
any postmaster or clerk in a post office, or any
other clerk, officer, or agent of the Post Office
Department, having temporary custody of such
money, and willfully neglecting to deposit the
same as herein provided, shall be deemed to be
guilty of felony, arid be subject to a fine not
exceeding double the sum so retained by such
clerk or other agents as aforesaid, or imprison-
ment not exceeding three years, or both, at the
discretion of the court
Approved, March 3,1865.
Chap. XCYIII.—An Actamendatory of the Acts
relative to the Attorney General's Office, and
to fix the Compensation of his Assistant and
Clerks.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That hereafter the salary of the As-
sistant Attorney General shall be, and thexsame
is hereby, raised to the sum of thirty-five hun-
dred dollars per annum.
Sec. 2. And be it'further enacted, That in lieu
of the provisions of law prescribing the Attor-
ney General's powers as to the employment of
clerks in his office, it is provided that the Attor-
ney General shall be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to employ in his office one chief clerk at a
salary of two thousand and two hundred dollars
per annum, two fourth-class clerks (being one
" pardon clerk"and one " opinion clerk") at an-
nual salaries of eighteen hundred dollars each, two
third-class clerks at .annual salaries of sixteen
hundred dollars each, and one first-class clerk at
an annual salary of twelve hundred dollars, be-
side such temporary clerks as may from time to
time be needed: Provided, however, That the al-
lowances to such temporary clerks shall in no
one year exceed one thousand dollars.
Sst. 3. And be it further enacted, That for the
purpose of paying, for the current fiscal year, the
increased compensation above provided, the At-
torney General is hereby authorized, in addition
to the amounts already appropriated for the pay-
ment of salaries in his office in the appropriation
bill for the current fiscal year, to draw on and use
from the unexpended balance of moneys stand-
ing on the books of the Treasury, on the first of
July last, to the credit of his office for the pay of
clerks and messenger, or from any other appro-
priation then standing to the credit of his office,
and yet subject to his control and unexpended, a
sum not exceeding, in the whole, twenty-four
hundred dollars, toward such additional compen-
sation for the current fiscal year.
Approved, March 3,1865.
Chap. XCIX.—An Act to provide for the Con-
struction of certain Wagon Roads in the Ter-
ritories of Idaho, Montana, Dakota, and Ne-
braska.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and empowered to
survey,locate,and construct the following wagon
roads: . 0
First. A road'from Niobrara to the mouth of
