1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
14$-
Laws of the United States.
38th Cons....2d Sess.
eral"before the passage of this act,norfrom lands
to which the rights of preemption or homestead
have attached.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said
lands hereby granted shall be subject to the dis-
Eosal of the Legislature of said fckate, or, if the
legislatuie thereof shall not be in session, or shall
adjourn within ten days after the passage and
approval of this act, then said lands shall be sub-
ject-to the disposal of the Governor and board of
control of said 8tate, for the purpose aforesaid
and for no other; and the said canal shall be and
remain a public highway for the use of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, free from toll or
charge upon the vessels of said Government, or
upon vessels employed by suid Governmental the
transportation of any property or troops of the
United States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That before
it shall be competent for said State to dispose of
any of said lands, to be selected as aforesaid, the
plan of said breakwater and harbor, and the route
of said canal shall be established as aforesaid, and
a plat or plats thereof shall be filed in the office
of the War Department, and a duplicate thereof
in the office of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That if the
said breakwater, haibor,and ship-canal shall not
be completed within two years from the passage
of this act, the lands hereby granted shall revert
to the United States.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the Le-
gislature of said State shall cause to be kept an
accurate account of the sales and net proceeds of
the lands hereby granted, and of all expenditures
in the construction, repairs,and operatingof said
canal, and of the earnings thereof, and shall re-
turn a statement of the same annually to the Sec-
retary of the Interior; and whenever said State
shall be fully reimbursed for all advances made
for the construction, repairs, and operating of said
canal, with legal interest on all advances, until
the reimburscmontof the same, orupon payment
by the United States of any balance of such ad-
vances over such receipts from said lands and
canal, with such interest, the said State shall be
allowed to tax for the use of said canal only such
tolls as shall be sufficient to pay all necessary
expenses for the care, charge, and repair of the
same.
Approved, March 3,1865.
Chap. CHI.—An Act to extend theTime for the
completion of certain Railroads to which Land
Grants have been made in the States of Michi-
gan and Wisconsin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Confess
assembled, That there be, and hereby is, granted
to the State of Michigan, for the purpose of aiding
in the construction of a railroad from Marquette,
on Lake Superior, to the Wisconsin State line,
at or near the mouth of the Menomonee river, for
the benefit and use of the Chicago and North-
western Railway Company,a corporation of the
States of Michigan, Illinois, Wisconsin,and from
Marquette to Ontonagon, for the use and benent
of the Marquette and Ontonagon Railroad Com-
pany, a corporation of the State of Michigan,and
for twenty miles westerly from Marquette of the
Bay de Noquet and Marquette railroad, for the
benefit and use of the Kay de Noquet and Mar-
quette Railroad Company, four additional alter-
nate sections of land, per mile, to that already
granted by act of Congress approved June third,
A. D. eighteen hundred and fifty-six, and joint
resolution supplementary thereto, to be selected
upon the same conditions, restrictions, an im
ations as are contained m the act of Congress
entitled " An act making a grant of lands to the
State of Michigan, m alternate sections, o aid in
the construction of railroads in said State, op
proved June third, eighteen hundred and fifty-
six* Provided, That the land to be so located l>y
either of sald roads shall be selected from the
alternate sections, designated odf ''""?ber '
within twenty miles of the line: o sai •
Six. 2. Thatthelands
granted bv said act of Congress and by this act
2 be disposed of only in the following manner,
New Series—No. 10.
that is to say: When the Governor of the State
of Michigan shall certify to the Secretary of the
Interior that any ten consecutive miles upon the
route of either of said roads is completed in a
good and substantial manner, as a first-class rail-
road , then the Secretary of the Interior shall cause
a certificate or certificates to issue to said State
for one hundred sections of land, for the benefit
and use of sueh company, and so from time to
time for each completed section of ten miles of
either of said roads, one hundred sections of land,
until the wholeshall be completed: Provided,Th&l
none of the additional lands granted by this act
for that portion of the Marquette and Ontonagon
railroad now completed shall be certified to the
State of Michigan, by the terms hereof, until the
said railroad shall be completed from a point
twenty miles west of Marquette to Ontonagon;
arid that none of the additional lands granted by
this act for that portion of the railroad from Mar-
quette to the Wisconsin State line at or near the
mouth of the Menomonee river, now completed,
shall be so certified until the said railroad shall
be completed from Bay de Noquet to the said
Wisconsin State line at or near the mouth of the
Menomonee river aforesaid.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the time
limited for the completion of the road from Mar-
quette to the Wisconsin State line,at or near the
mouth of the Menomonee river, be, and the same
is hereby, extended for the term of five years, from
and after the third day of June, A. D. eighteen
hundred and sixty-six.
Sec . 4. Jlnd be It further enacted, That no lands
to be set apart for the road from Marquette to
Bay de Noquet, and from Marquette to Ontona-
gon, shall be selected and certified east of that
portion of the range line dividing ranges twenty-
six and twenty-seven, that is, south of the town-
ship line between townships forty-seven and forty-
eight, nor south of that portion of the township
line dividing townships forty-seven and forty-
eight, that lies east of the dividing range line above
named; and that no lands to be set apart for the
road from Marquette, on Lake Superior, to the
Wisconsin State line, at or near the mouth of the
Menomonee river, shall be selected and certified
west of that portion of the range line dividing
ranges twenty-six and twenty-seven, that is, north
of the township line dividing townships forty-
two and forty-three, nor north of the township
line dividing townships forty-seven and forty-
eight; and that, for the purpose of making up any
deficiency of lands to which the line of road from
Marquette to Bay de Noquet may be entitled to
make its grant equal to ten sections to the mile,
the same shall be certified on the route from Mar-
quette to Ontonagon, within twenty miles of the
line of said road, and east of the range line di-
viding ranges thirty-one and thirty-two, and in
accordance with the provisions hereinbefore con-
tained. And that, whenever the Governor of the
State of Michigan shall certify to the Secretary
of the Interior that twenty consecutive miles of
the line of road from Marquette to Bay de No-
quet has been completed in a good and substantial
manner, as a first-class railroad, the Secretary of
the Interior shall cause to be issued to said State
of Michigan, for the use and benefit of the Bay
de Noquet and Marquette Railroad Company,
assignee of the State of Michigan, a certificate or
certificates for two hundred sections of land, to
be selected and located from the sections desig-
nated by odd numbers, on the line from Mar-
quette to Ontonagon, and within twenty miles
of said line.
Sec. 5. Jlndbe it farther enacted, That the time
for the completion of the railroad from Fond du
Lac, on Lake Winnebago, to the Wisconsin State
line, at or near the mouth of the Menomonee river,
shall be, arid hereby is, extended for the period
of five years from and after the third day of June,
one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six; and
that any and all grants of land to said road shall
continue and remain in full force and^effect.
Sec. 6. Jhul be it further enacted, That each of
said companies shall grade, in a good and sub-
stantial manner, ready for the ties, twenty mi cs
of its road within two years, and twenty miles
additional thereof in each year thereafter: Pro-
vided, That if said companies, or either of them,
shall neglect or fail to do so, or to complete its
road within the time herein specified, the land
granted to such company shall revert to the Uni-
ted States.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CIV.—An Act to establish certain Post
lloads.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Statesof Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the following be established aa
post roads:
california.
From San JosS to Alviso.
From Santa Clara to Alviso.
From Virginia City, in Nevada, via Crystal
Peak, Donner Lake, Summit Valley, and Dutch
Flat, to Sacramento.
From Folsom to Coloma, Nevada.
From Monterey, via Watsonville, to San Fran-
cisco.
From Murpheys, via Bigtrees, Big Springs,
Silver Valley, to Silver Mountain, and thence,
via Mount Bullion, Markleville, Carey's Mills,
and Fredericksburgh, to Geneva.
J?Vom Austin, Lander county, to Fone City.
From Wellington Station, on West Walker
river, by Walker's Lake, Deep Well Station,
Kentucky District, Hot Spring, Mammoth Dis-
trict, lone City, the county seat of Nye county,
St. Augustine and Washington districts, Canon
City, and Middletown, to the city of Austin, the
county seat of Lander county.
nevada and territories idaho and montana.
From Unionville, the county seat of Humboldt
county, via Star City, Dun Glen, Moore's and
White's Ranch, Pah Ute Knob, in the State of
Nevada, the Owyhee and Jardans Creek mines,
Boise City, Idaho City, Centrevillc, and Placer-
ville, in the Territory of Idaho, to Virginia City,
in the Territory of Montana.
illinois.
From Savanna, in Carroll county, via Baker's
Spring, to Morrison, m Whiteside county.
From Carthage, in Hancock county, via Jacob
IC. Jacob's store, Durhams, and McGtueen'sMill,
to Burlington, Iowa.
From Newport, Vermillion county, Indiana, to
Ridge Farm, Vermillion county, Illinois.
From Cerro Gordo, Piatt county,on the Great
Western railroad,to Lovingston, Moultrie county.
From Richmond, via Elgin, Clintonville Junc-
tion, and Cottage Grove, to Chicago.
From Marion, Williamson county, via Harris-
burg, Saline county, to Shawneetown.
From Waterloo, Monroe county, to Red Bud,
in Randolph county.
From Piattevillc, via Kendall and Specie Grove,
to Yorkville.
indiana.
From Wabash, in Wabash county, via Em-
mon's Church and Roannah, to Nicouzah, in
Miami county.
From Farmland, Randolph county, to Hagers-
town, in Wayne county.
iowa.
From Charles City, via Howardsville, Hunts-
ville,' Busti, Howard, and Vernon Springs, to
New Oregon. ,
From State Centre, Marshall county, via Mi-
nerva, Illinois Grove, New Providence, Quebec,
Point Pleasant, and Cottage, to Iowa Falls.
Fiom Muscatine, Iowa, via Buffalo Prairie,
Millersburg,and Aledo, to Monmouth, in Illinois.
From Decatur City, Iowa, via Terre Haute,
to Eaglcville, Missouri.
From Decatur City, via Hopeville, to Afton.
From Hampton to Marble Rock.
From Wmthrop to Fayette.
From Chariton, Lucas county, via Garden
Grove, to Leon, Decatur county.
From New Oregon, Iowa, to Preston, Minne-
sota. t, ,
From Fort Dodge, via Eagle Grove, Urant, Bel-
mond, and Upper Grove, to Clear Lake.
From Alden,via Oakland, Wall Lake, Grant,
and Eagle Grove,to Dakota, in Humboldtcounty.
From Algonn, Iowa, via Armstrong's Grove,
to Charm Lakes, thence to intersect the route frogl
Blue F.arth City to Jsterville. W
