146
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 3,
38th Com...2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
From Bedford, Taylor county, via Buchanan,
Bradyville, College Spring, Waiaen's Grove, to
Hamburg, Fremont county.
connecticut.
From Cornwall Bridge, via Cornwall and Mil*
ton, to Litchfield.
kentucky.
From Mount Vernon to Somerset.
From Irvine, Estell county, to Vienna, Clarke
county. .
From McKee, in Jackson county,to Big Hill,
in Madison county.
From Whiteley Court House to John Davis,
in Whiteley county.
maine.
From Sherman, via Sherman's Mills, to Golden
Ridge, in Aroostook county.
From Fort Fairfield, via Eaton Grant, to Cari-
bou, in Aroostook county.
Fiom Waldoboro to Friendship.
From Belfast, through Waido, Brooks, Knox,
Thomdike, Unity, and Benton, to Fairfield.
michigan.
From Grand Ledge, Eaton county, via Eagle,
to Portland, in Ivonm county.  
From Dowagiac, Cass county, to Volinia, in
same county.
From Climax Prairie to Galesburgh—on the
Michigan Central railroad—in Kalamazoo county.
From Flint, via Davison, to Lapeer.
From Hillsdale, via Frontier, to Amboy.
From Oiisco, Ionia county, via Ashley and
"White Swan, to Courtlandt Centre, in same
county.
From Manistee, Mason county, to Stromach,
in same county.
minnesota.
From Elk River, Sherburne county, to Prince-
ton, in Mille Sac [Lac] county.
From Minneapolis, via Crystal Lake, Osseo,
Maple Grove, and Wassan, to Monticello.
From Winnebago Agency, Blue Earth county,
to Minnesota Lake, Faribault county.
From Elk River, Sherburne county, to Prince-
ton, Mille Lac county.
From Mantonviile to Madison.
From Mankato to New (Jim.
From New Ulm to Redwood Falls.
new york.
From Keene, in Essex county, to Keene Flats.
From Cannonsville to Rocky Rift, in Delaware
county.
From Cannonsville to Unadilla, in Otsego
county.
Fiom Danby to West Danby, in Tompkins
county.
From West Hurley to Woodstock, in Ulster
comity.
From Sansjerties, in Ulster county, to Hunter
Village, in Greene county
From Malone, Franklin county,toTroutRiver,
in same county.
From Walton to Downsville, in Delaware
county.
From Rushville, via Reed's Corners, to Can-
andaigua.
From Manorville, via Eastford and Speonk, to
West Hampton.
From Haneoze, via Hemlock Lake, Livonia,
to Livonia Station.
From Morley, Saint Lawrence county, to Mad-
rid, in the same county.
ohio.
From East Liverpool, Columbia county, via
Calcutta, Spruce Vale, Clarkson, Carmel, and
Fairfield, to Waterford.
From Youngston, Mahoning county, Ohio, to
Sharon, Mercer county, Pennsylvania.
From Logan, Hocking county, to South Bloom-
ingviile, m same county.
From Ottawa, Putnam county, in a westerly
direction along or near the northern bank of
Blanrhard river, and northeastern bank of the
Auglaize river to Charlove, Paulding county.
From Farmer, Defiance county, westward to
Milo, m same county,and from Milo northward
to Edgerton, in Williams county.
' From Delta, Fulton county, to Liberty Centre,
fjjgnry county.
From Hamilton, via Millville, Bunker Hill,
and Reily, Ohio, to Springfield, Indiana.
pennsylvania.
From Lebanon, via Mount Zion and Greble,
to Mount iEtna.
From Brady's Bend to Hillville.
From Smethport, McKean county, to Wilcox,
Elk county.
From Herndon, in Lower Mahoning town-
ship, Northumberland county, via Jordan town-
ship, to Klingerstown, in Schuylkill county.
From Linden to Linden Station, on the Phila-
delphia and Erie railroad.
From Emlenton, Venango county, toShippens-
ville, Clarion county.
From Rockland, Venango county, via Cran-
berry, to Laytonia, in said county.
Fiom Callensburg, Clarion county, to Cran-
berry, Venango county.
From Greenville, Clarion county, to Kerr's
Store, in said county.
vermont.
From East Berkshire, via Montgomery and
Belvidere, to Eden.
From Windsor, Vermont, via Plainfield, to
Meriden, New Hampshire.
From PittsfieldjViaSouthChittenden and East
Putsfoid, to Rutland.
arizona.
From Agua Caliente to La Paz.
From Tucson, via Tubac, to Patagonia Mines.
From Tubac, via Cerro Colorado, Fresnal, and
Cabibi, to Tucson.
From Casa Btanca, via Weaver,Walnut Grove,
and Upper Hassary Ampa, to Prescott.
From La Paz, via Wiiliamsport,Castle Dome
City, Laguna, Arizona City, to Fort Yuma.
From Prescott to Mojave City.
From Mojave City to Los Angelos, via San
Bernardino.
From Mojave City, via Aubry, to La Paz.
From Mojave City, via Santa Clara, to Fill-
more City, in the Territory of Utah.
dakota.
From Bon Homme, via Spring Lakes, to Ponca
Agency, in Todd county.
From Pembina to Saint Joseph.
idaho.
From Placerville, via Washington, to Florence.
From Elk City to Virginia City, in the Terri-
tory of Montana.
From Boise City to Bannock City, in the Ter-
ritory of Montana.
maryland.
From Butler Post Office to Mantua Mills, in
Baltimore county.
new mexico.
From Fort Union, via Antonchico, Agua Ne-
gra, Fort Sumner, Fort Stanton, and Tularoza, to
Mesilla.
From Albuquerque, via Chilili,Tajique, Man-
zano, Punta de la Agua, Fort Stanton, Tularoza,
to Franklin, Texas.
From Santa Fe,via Santa Cruz, Los Luceros,
Abiquin, to Sierra Amanita.
Fiom Paraje, viaAlamosael Bointo and Santa
Barbara, to Dona Ana.
From Santa Fe, via Pena Blanca, Santo Do-
mingo, Cuvora, Algodones, San Isdora, to Canon
de Jemez.
new hampshire.
From Rochester, Strafford county, via Straf-
ford Corner, Blue Hills, and Clark's Corner, to
Centre Barnstead, in Belknap county.
wisconsin.
From City of Appleton, Outagami county, to
the town of Osborn, via Freedom, in said county.
oregon.
From Auburn, via Pocahontas, Riggsville, and
Dealy's Station, to Umatilla, with a branch to
Granite Creek Mines and Independence City,
from Dealy's Station.
KANSAS.
From Topeka, Shawnee county, to Ottawa.
From Twin Mound, in Douglas county, to
Auburn, in Shawnee county.
From Junction City, up Lynn creek, to Mar-
ion Center, Marion county.
From Eureka, in Greenwood county, to Al-
bany, in Wilson county.
From Nfosha Falls to Albany, Wilron county.
From Washington, via Hadden, to Salt Marsh,
in Republic county.
From Garnett, in Anderson county, to Fort
Scott, in Bourbon county.
From America, in Jackson county,via Seneca,
to Pawnee, in Nebraska.
From Humboldt, in Allen county, to Catholic
Mission, in Neuslm county.
From Humboldt, via Grey Stone, to Albany,
in Wilson county.
From Seneca, Nehema county, via Pleasant
Valley, Nebraska, to Miles Ranch, in Richaid-
son county.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CV.—An Actextending the Time for the
Completion of certain Land-Grant Railroads in
the States of Minnesota and Iowa, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentativesof the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the quantity of lands granted to
the State of Minnesota, to aid in the construction
of certain railroads in said S'ate, as indicated in
the first section of an [act] entitled "An act mak-
ing a grant of land to the Territory of Minnesota,
in alternate sections, to aid in the construction of
ceitain railroads in said Territory, and granting
public lands, in alternate sections, to the State of
Alabama, to aid in the construction of a certain
railroad in said State," approved March thnd,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, shall be in-
creased to ten sections per mile for each of said
lailroads and branches, subject to any and all
limitations contained in said act and subsequent
acls, and as hereinafter provided.
Sec. 2. And b'e it further enacted t That the first
proviso in the first section of the act aforesaid
shall be so amended as to read as follows, to wit:
Provided, That the land to be so located shall in
no case be further than twenty miles fiom the
lines of said roads and branches, to aid in the
construction of each of which said grant is made;
and said lands granted shall, in all cases, be in-
dicated by the Secretary of the Interior.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That any
and all lands heretofore reserved to the United
States by any act of Congress, or in any other
manner by competent authority, for the purpose
of aiding in any object of internal improvement
or other purpose whatever, be, and the same aie
hereby, leserved and excepted from the opera-
tions of this act, except so far as may be found
necessary to locate the route of said road through '
such reserved lands, in which case the right of
way shall be granted, subject to the approval of
the Piesident of the United States: Providedfur-
ther % That any lands which may have been gi dined
to the Territory or State of Minnesota for the
purpose of aidingin the construction of any rail-
road, which lands may be located within the
limits of this extension of said grant or giants,
shall be deducted from the full quantity of lhnds
hereby gianted, and that any lands which may
have been so granted shall be strictly applied in
accordance with the terms and conditions of said
act or acts, unless subsequently modified by Saw.
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted. That the sec-
tions and parts of sections of land, which by said
acts and this grant shall remain to the United
States, within ten miles on each side of said roads
and branches, shall not be sold for less than double
the minimum priceof public lands when sold, nor
shall any of said lands become subject to sale at
private entry until the same shall have been first
offered at public sale to the highest bidder at or
above the minimum price as aforesaid: Provided,
Thatactuai bona fide settlers under the preemption
laws of the United States may, after the proof of
settlement, improvement, and occupation,as now
provided by law, purchase the same at the in-
cteased minimum price: And provided also, That
settlers under the provisions of the homestead
law, who comply with the terms and requirements
of said act, shall be entitled to patents for an
amount not exceeding eighty acres each, any-
thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.
