150
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
of said branch railways: Provided, That the use
and maintenance of the said road shall be subject
to the municipal regulations of thecity of Wash-
ington within ir« corporate limits.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That section
eight be, ami hereby is, amended by sti ikin«j out
the words five hundred thousand dollars." and
inserting the words " one million dollar^:" Pro-
vided t That the directors of said Metropolitan
Itailroad Company shall have power to require
the subscribers to the capital stock to pay the
amount by them respectively subscribed at such
time, in such manner, and in such installments as
they may deem proper; and if any stockholders
shall refuse or neglect to pay any installments, as
required by a resolution of the board of directors,
after reasonable notice of the same, the said board
of directors may sell at public auction, to the highest
bidder, so many shares of said stock as shall pay
said installments, (and the highest bidder shall be
taken to be the person who otFers to purchase the
least number of shares for the assessment duo,)
under such general regulations as may be adopted
in the by-laws of said corporation, or may sue
for and collect the same in any court of competent
jui isdiction.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That scctio n
seventeen be, and hereby is, so amended as to al-
low the said corporation three yeais from the date
of the approval of this act in which to complete
the railways herein described and those described
in the act to which this an amendment.
Sec. 4. Andbe itfurther enacted,That the twenty-
second section be, and hereby is, amended by
striking out the words " at the rate of twenty-five
for one dollar," and inserting the words " at the
rate of sixteen fur the'dollar."
Sec. 5. Sad be it further enacted, That the pro-
vision prohibiting any exclusion from any car on
account of color, already applicable to the Metro-
politan railroud, is hereby extended to every other
railroad in the District of Columbia.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CXX,—An Act to incorporate the Conti-
nental Hotel Company of the City of Wash-
ington.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States offline) ica in Congress
assembled, That Lewis Dclmomeo, of INe w Yoi k
city, B. B. French, Henry D. Cooke, John W.
Forney, of Washington city, Stephen Flana-
gan, William Ovci field, jr., J. Warien Brown, of
Maine, Thornton Smith,George D. Kellogg, and
George Plowman, of Philadelphia, and their as-
sociates, and all persons who now or hereafter
may be holders of the stock hereinafter mentioned,
shall be, and they are hereby, declared to be con-
stituted u body politic or corporate by the style
of the Continental Hotel Company, to have per-
petual succession, to be capable in law of suing
end being sued, to have a common seal, and to
have, hold, receive, enjoy, and take, cither by ab-
solute conveyance m tee simple or upon ground
rent, and in case of a conveyance upon ground
rent with power to execute the necessary cove-
nant for securing the payment thereof, such real
estate as may be necessary or proper for the con-
struction of a hotel in the city of Washington,
with such supplementary buildings as may be
adapted to and form part of the general plan and
deaign thereof, with power to furnish and e<juip
the same for the accommodation and use of any
parties who may be desirous of renting and occu-
pying the same, and the real estate, or any part
thereof, when in the opinion of said corporation
it may be proper to do so, to sell and to convey to
any person or persons who may be desirous of
purchasing the same the furniture and equipment
thereof.
Sec. 2. [Jlnd be itfurther enacted,] That the
capiuU stock of said corporation shall not exceed
two million dollars, divided into twenty thousand
shares of one hundred dollais each, and tli^t it
glial! be held as personal property, and may be
transferred under such regulations as the corpo-
rators shall pulge convenient.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That a gen-
eral meeting of the corporators shall be annually
held on the second Monday of January, for the
election of five managers, and the transaction of
other business; but if such meeting or election
shall not then take place, the corporation shall
not for that cause be dissolved, but such meeting
or election shall take place as soon thereafter as
maybe, one week's public notice thereof being
fust given in at least two daily newspapers in the
city of Washington.
Sec. 4. Jlndbe itfurther enacted, That the elec-
tion of managers shall be by ballot from among
the corporators, and that in the enactment of by-
laws for the government of the corporation and
its officers, and m the decision of all questions,
whether of election of officers or disfranchise-
ment of corporators, either because of their de-
linquency in paying for the amount of stock by
them purchased of the corporation, or for other
causes, and on all questionsat the meetings of the
corporation, the coiporatois present, either in per-
son or by proxy, shall severally vote once for
cach share of stock held by them.
Sec. 5. Jlndbe it further enacted, That the man-
agers shall continue in office until their succes-
sors are elected; ihey shall elect a president from
among themselves, supply vacancies in their
number, whether occasioned by death, resigna-
tion, or refusal to act,and shall have the general
and entire control of the affairs and interests of
the company, except so far as may be otherwise
provided by the corporators. Three members
shall be a quorum at these meetings.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be itfurther enacted, That until
other officers shall be duly elected, the persons
named in the first section of thisact shall be held
to be managers of the said corporation, and shall
have power and authority as such.
Sec. 7. And be itfurther enacted, That Con-
gress may at any time hereafter alter, amend) or
repeal this charter.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CXXl.—An Act providing for the Con-
finement of Juvenile Offenders against the Laws
of the United States in Houses of Refuge.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled,'VUm juvenile offenders against the laws
of the United States, being under the age of six-
teen years, and who may hereafter be convicted of
crime by any courtof the United States, the pun-
ishment whereof shall be imprisonment, shall be
confined during the term of sentence in some house
of lefuge to be designated by the Secretary of the
Interior, and shall be transported and delivered
to the warden or keeper of such house of refuge
by the marshal of the district where such shall
have occurred;or if such convictiou be had in the
District of Columbia, then, and in such case, the
transportation and delivery shall be by the warden
of the jail of said District, and the reasonable
actual expense of the transportation, necessary
subsistence, and hire, and transportation of as-
sistants and the marshal or warden, only, shall
be paid by the Sccrctary of the Interior, out of
the judiciary fund.
Sec. 2. And be itfurther enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to con-
tract with the managers or persons having control
of such houses of refuge for the imprisonment,
subsistence, and proper employment of all such
juvenile offenders, and to give the several courts
of the United States and of the District of Colum-
bia notice of the places so provided for the con-
finement of said offenders; and such offenders
shall be sentenced to confinement in the houseof
refuge nearest the place of conviction so desig-
nated by the Secretary of the Interior.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CXXII.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act to provide for the better Organization
of Indian Affairs in California."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the sum of sixty thousand dollars,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, be, and
the same is hereby, appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, for the purpose ofenabling the Secretary of
the Interior to pajr the settlers in HoopaValiey,
California, for their improvements on the Indian
reservation therein: Provided, That before the
same or any pai t of the money hereby appropri*
ated shall be paid, the said improvements shall
be appraised by the superintendent of Indian af-
fairs, the Indian agentatsaid reservation, and the
surveyorgeneral of California; and if, in the opin-
ion of the Secretary of the Interior, their appraise-
ment shall be reasonable, and shall not in the ag-
gregate exceed the sum herein appropriated, the
said Secretary is hereby authorized to apply the
same, or so much thereof as may be necessary, in
payment for the said improvements, taking the
proper releases therefor: And provided further t
That the moneys hereby appropriated be reim-
bursed from the proceeds of the sales of Indian
reservations in said State under the provisions of
the act to provide for the better organization of In-
dian affairs in California, approved April eight
eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CXXUI.—An Act authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to lease or sell certai *
Property of the United States situated at Bath,
in the State of Maine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized to lease the wharf property be-
longing to the United States situated at Rath, in
the State of Maine, for a term of years, the lessee
making all repairs thereupon; or he may sell the
same at his discretion if it is no longer in use or
required for the public service, and he is hereby
authorized to make, execute, and deliver all need-
ful conveyances to the purchaser or purchasers
thereof.
Approves, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CXXIV.—An Act to increase the Pay of
Midshipmen and Others.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That midshipmen, after their final aca-
demic examination and until their promotion to
the grade of ensign, shall be paid at the rate of
eight hundred dollars per annum, while on sea
seivice.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That acting
masters' mates shall be styled mates, arid the Sec-
retary of the Navy is hereby authorized to in-
crease their pay to a sum not exceeding sixty
dollars per month.
Sec. 3. And be itfurther enacted, That hereafter
mates may be rated, under authority of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, from seamen and ordinary
seamen who have enlisted in the naval service for
not less than two years, and such rating of an
enlisted man, or his appointment as an officer,
shall not discharge him from his enlistment.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That no per-
son appointed or rated an officer or clerk in the
Navy shall receive any bounty while holding an
appointment.
Sec. 5. Jlndbe it further enacted, That all acts or
parts of acts which me inconsistent with thepio-
visions of this act are hereby repealed.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That acting
passed assistant surgeons and acting surgeons
may be appointed m the same manner as acting as-
sistant surgeons are now appointed, who shall re-
ceive the compensation of their respective grades.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CXXV.—An Act to incorporate the " Cap-
itol Hotel Company," in Washington City,
District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Reprt-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, ThatCharles C. Little and A. C.Wash-
burn, of Boston, in the State of Massachusetts;
George Folsom, Charles A. Stetson, and Frank
Moore, of New York city, in the State of New
York; and Z. C. Robbing, of Washington, in the
District of Columbia, and their associates and suc-
cessors, be,and they are hereby, incorporated and
made a body-corporate, by the name of "The
Capitol Hotel Company,"and by thatname may
sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, in any
court of law or equity, of competent jurisdiction,
