1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
151
Laws of ihe United States.
38th Cong....2b Sess.
and be entitled to use and exerciseall the powers,
rights, and privileges incident to such corpora-
tion, for the purpose of establishing and maintain-
ing in said city of Washington building or build-
ings for a hotel, with rooms, shops, and offices, to
be used therefor and therewith; and they may pur-
chase and hold real and personal estate required
and convenient therefor; and may,afterconstruc-
tion thereof,sell, convey, orlease,and receive rent
therefor, in whole or in part, as they may choose
and find for the interest of said corporation.
Sec. 2. And be itfurther enacted, That the cap-
ital stock of said corporation shall not exceed the
Bum of one million five hundred thousand dollars,
and that the stock shall be divided into shares of
one thousand dollars each, and shall be deemed
personal property, transferable in such manner as
the said corporation by its by-laws may direct.
Sec. 3. And beit further enacted, That the gov-
ernment and direction of the affairs of the corpora-
tors shall be invested in a board of directors, not
less than five in number, who shall be elected by
the stockholders at their annual meeting, which
shall be held on the first Monday of May in each
year, from among the corporators and their asso-
ciates and successors, in such manner as the by-
laws of said corpoiation may direct.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the said
corporation shall have full power to make and
prescribe such by-laws, rules, and regulations as
they may deem needful and proper for the dispo-
sition and management of the stock, property, es-
tate, and effects of the corporation, not contrary
to the charter or to the laws of the United States
and the ordinances of the city of Washmgton, and
shall have power to alter or amend the same, from
time to time, as the interests of the corporation,
in their opinion, may require.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That this act
may bealtei ed, amended, or repealed, at the pleas-
ure of Congress.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
published before or after the passing of this act:
Provided, however, That it shall not be requisite
to deliver to the said Library any copy of the
second or any subsequent edition of any book,
unless the same shall contain additions as afore-
said, nor of any book which is not the subject of
copyright.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CXXVI.—An Act supplemental toan Act
entitled "An Act to amend the several Acts re-
specting Copyi ight,"approved February third,
eighteen hundred and thirty-one, and to the
Acts in addition thereto and amendment there-
of.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jimericain Congress
assembled, That the provisions of said act shall
extend to and include photographs and the nega-
tives thereof which shall hereafter be made, and
shall inure to the benefit of the authors of the
same in the same manner, and to the same extent,
and upon the same conditions as to the authors of
prints and engravings.
Sec. 2. fteif/ttrt/ieremcated, Thataprinted
copy of every book, pamphlet, map, chart, mu-
sical composition, pi nit,engraving,or photograph,
for which a copyright shall be secured under said
acts, shall be tiansmitted free of postage or other
expense by the author or proprietor thereof, with-
in one month of the date of publication, to the
Library of Congress at Washington for the use
of said Library; and the Librarian of Congress is
hereby required to give a receipt in writing for the
same.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That if any
proprietor of a book, pamphlet, map, chart, mu-
sical composition, print, engraving,or photograph,
for which a copyright shall be secured as afore-
said, shall neglect to deliver the same pursuant to
the i equirement of this act, it shall be the duty of
the Librarian of Congress to make demand there-
of in writing, at any time within twelve months
after the publication thereof; and in default of
the delivery thereof within one month after the
demand shall have been made, the right of ex-
clusive publication secured to such proprietor un-
der the actsof Congress respecting copyrightshail
be forfeited. ,
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, 1 hat m the
construction of this act the word " book" shall
be construed to mean every volume and part of a
volume, together with all maps, prints or other
engravings belonging thereto; and shall include a
cony of any second or subsequent edition which
shall be published with any additions, whether
the first edition of such book shall have been ii cents
Chap. CXXV1I.—An Act malting Appropria-
tions for the current and contingent Expenses
of the Indian Department, and for fulfilling
Treaty Stipulations with various Indian Tribes
forthe yearending thirtieth June,eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted bij the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following feums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,for the
purpose of paying the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department and fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the various Indian tribes:
For the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, namety:
For the pay of superintendents of Indian af-
fairs and of Indian agents, eighty seven thousand
four hundred and fifty dollars.
For pay of sub-agents, six thousand dollars.
For pay of clerk to superintendent at St. Louis,
Missouri, one thousand two hundred dollars.
For pay of temporary clerks by superintendents
of Indian affairs, five thousand dollars.
For pav of clerk to superintendent of Indian
affairs in California, one thousand eight hundred
dollars.
For pay of interpreters, twenty-eight thousand
four hundred dollars.
For presents to Indians, five thousand dollars.
For provisions for Indians, eleven thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For buildings at agencies and repairs thereof,
ten thousand dollars.
For contingencies of the Indian department,
thirty-six thousand five hundred dollars.
For fulfilling treaty stipulations with the various
Indian tribes:
Blackfoot Indians.
For last of ten installments as annuity, to be
expended in the purchase of such goods, provis-
ions, and other useful articles as the President,
at his discretion, may from time to time deteim-
ine, per ninth article of the treaty of seventeenth
October, eighteen hundred and iifty-five, twenty
thousand dollais.
For last of ten installments as annuity, to be
expended in establishing and instructing them in
agricultural and mechanical pursuits, and in edu-
cating their children, and promoting civilization
and Christianity, at the discretion of the Presi-
dent, per tenth article of the treaty of seventeenth
October, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, fifteen
thousand dollars.
Chasta, Scoton, and TJmpqua Indians.
For eleventh of fifteen installments of annuity,
to be expended as directed by the President, per
third article treaty eighteenth November,eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
For eleventh of fifteen installments for the pay
of a farmer, per fifth article treaty eighteenth
November, eighteen hundred and fifty-lour, one
thousand dollars.
For eleventh of fifteen installments for pay of
physician, medicines, and expense of care of the
sick, per fifth article treaty eighteenth Novem-
ber, eighteen hundred and filty-lour, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For eleventh of fifteen installments for pay of
teachers and purchase of books and stationery,
per fifth article treaty eighteenth November, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
Chippewas of Lake Superior.
For two thirds of twenty-fourth of twenty-five
installments in money, per fourth article treaty
fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
and eighth article treaty thn tieth September, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, eight thousand three
hundred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-three
For two thirds of twenty-fourth of twenty-five
installments for the pay of two carpenters, per
fourth article treaty foui th October, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thir-
tieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
eight hundred dollars.
For two thirds of twenty-fourth of twenty-five
installments in goods, per fourth article treaty
fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
and eighth article treaty thirtieth September,eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, seven thousand dol-
lars.
For two thirds of twenty-fourth of twenty-five
installments for the support of schools, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth.
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
thousand three hundred and thirty-three dollars
and thirty-three cents.
For two thirds of twenty-fourth of twenty-five
installments forthe pay of two farmers, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-Lwo,and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six
hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For two thirds of twenty-fourth of twenty-five
installments for the purchase of provisions and
tobacco, per fourth article treaty fourth Qctobei",
eighteen hundred and forty-two, and eighth arti-
cle treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, one thousand three hundied and
thirty-three dollars and thirty-three cents.
For eleventh of twenty installments in coin, per
fourth article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, five thousand dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments in goods,
household furniture, and cooking utensils, per
fourth article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hutidred and fifty-four,eight thousand dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for agri-
cultural implements, and cattle, carpenters' and
other tools,and building materials, per fouitli ar-
ticle treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, three thousand dollais.
For eleventh of twenty installments for moral
and educational purposes, three hundred dollars
of which to be paid to the Grand Portage band
yearly, to enable them to maintain a school at
their village, per fourth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, three
thousand dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for six
smiths and assistants, per second and fifth aiti-
des treaty thirtieth September,eighteen hundred
and fifty-four,five thousand and forty dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the sup-
portof six smiths' shops, per second and fifth ar-
ticles treaty thirtieth September,eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, one thousand three hundred and
twenty dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for the sev-
enth smith and assistant, and support of shops,
per second and fifth articles treaty thirtieth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thou-
sand and sixty dollars.
For suppoit of a smith, assistant, and shop for
the Bois Foite band, during the pleasure of the
President, per twelfth article treaty thirtieth Sep-
tember, eigh teen h und red and ft I ty-fou r, one thou-
sand and sixty dollars.
For suppoit of two farmers forthe Bois Forte
hand, dunng the pleasure of the Piesident, per
twelfth article treaty thirtieth September, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
Chippewas of the Mississippi.
For one third of twenty-fourth of twenty-five
installments m money, per fourth article treaty
fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
and eighth article treaty thirtieth September,eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, four thousand one
hundred and sixty-six dollais and sixty-sevi.ii
cents.
! For one third of twenty-fourth of twenty-five
,1 installments forthe pay of two carpe-iters, per
l| fourth article treaty fourth October,eighteen hun-
! died and forty-two, and eighth article tieaty thir-
j tieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty.-four,
four hundred dollars-
II For one third of twenty-fourth of twenty-five
