1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong....2d Sess.
dent, per second article treaty ninth June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, six thousand dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for the pur-
chase of all necessary mill fixtures and mechan-
ical tools, medicines, and hospital stores, books
and stationery for schools, and furniture for the
employes, per fourth article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thousand
dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for the pay
and subsistence of one superintendent of farming
operations, one farmer, two millers, one black-
smith, one wagon and £>low maker, one carpen-
ter and joiner, one physician, and two teachers,
per fourth article treaty ninth June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, eleven thousand two hundred
dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for the pay of
each of the head chiefs of the Walla-Walla, Cay-
use,and Umatilla bands, the sum of five hundred
dollars per annum, per fifth article treaty ninth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for salary for
the son of Pio-pio-mox-mox, per fifth article treaty
ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one
hundred dollars.
Yakama Nation.
For first of five installments, of second series,
for beneficial objects, at the discretion of the Pres-
ident, per fourth article treaty ninth June, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, eightthousand dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for the sup-
port of two schools, one of which is to be an ag-
ricultural and industrial school; keeping in repair
school-buildings, and for providing suitable fur-
niture, books, and stationery, per fifth article
treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
five hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of one superintendent of teaching and
two teachers, per fifth article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thousand
two hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of one superintendent of farming and two
farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths, one tin-
ner, one gunsmith,one carpenter,and one wagon
and plow maker, per fifth article treaty ninth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, nine thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair saw and flouring mills, and for furnish-
ing the necessary tools and fixtures, per fifth arti-
cle treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
live, five hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for keeping in
repair the hospital, and providing the necessary
medicines and fixtures therefor, per fifth article
treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for the pay*of
a physician, per fifth article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundredand fifty-five, one thousandfour
hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for keeping in
repair the bulidings required for the various em-
ployes, and for providing the necessary furniture
therefor, per fifth article treaty ninth June, eigh-
teen hundredand fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for the salary
of such person as the said confederated tribes and
bands of Indians may select to be their head chief,
per fifth article treaty ninth June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
JVes Perce Indians.
For sixth of twenty installments for the support
of two schools, one of which to be an agricultural
and industrial school; keeping in repair school-
buildings, and for providing suitable furniture,
books, and stationery, per fifth article treaty elev-
enth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five
hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of one superintendent of teaching and
two teachers, per fifth article treaty eleventh June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thousand
two hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for keeping in
repair blacksmiths', tinsmiths', gunsmiths',car-
penters , and wagon and plow makers' shops,
and for providing necessary tools therefor, per
fifth article treaty eleventh June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of one superintendent of farming, and
two farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths, one
tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter, and one
wagon and plow maker, per fifth article treaty
eleventh June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
nine thousand four hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for keepingin
repair saw and flouring mills, and for furnishing
the necessary tools and fixtures therefor, per fifth
article treaty eleventh June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for keeping in
repair the hospital, and providing the necessary
medicines and furniture therefor, per fifth article
treaty eleventh June,eighteen hundredand fifty-
five, three hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for pay of a
physician, per fifth article treaty eleventh June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thousand four
hundred dollars.
For first of five installments of second series,
for beneficial objects, at the discretion of the Pres-
ident, per fourth article treaty eleventh June, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, eight thousand dol-
lars.
For sixth of twenty installments for keeping in
repair the buildings for the various employes, and
for providing the necessary furniture therefor, per
fifth article treaty eleventh June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for the salary
of such person as the tribe may select to be their
head chief, per fifth article treaty eleventh June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five,five hundred dol-
lars.
Flalheads and other Confederated Tribes.
For the second of five installments on one hun-
dred and twenty thousand dollars, being the sec-
ond series, for beneficial objects, at the discretion
of the President, per fourth article treaty sixteenth
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five thou-
sand dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for the sup-
port ofan agricultural and industrial school, keep-
ing in repair the buildings, and providing suitable
furniture, books, and stationery, per fifth article
treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, three hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for providing
suitable instructors therefor, per fifth article treaty
sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
one thousand eight hundrejj dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments forkeeping in
repair blacksmiths', tin and gunsmiths', carpen-
ters', and wagon and plow makers' shops, and
providing necessary tools therefor, per fifth ar-
ticle Ireaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundredand
fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty insiallments for the em-
ployment of two farmers, two millers, one black-
smith, one tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter,
and one wagon and plow maker, per fifth article
treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, seven thousand four hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair saw and flouring mills, and for furnish-
ing the necessary tools and fixtures therefor, per
fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair the hospital, and providing the necessary
medicines and furniture therefor, per fifth article
treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, three hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for pay of a
physician, per fifth article treaty sixteenth July,
eighteen hundredand fifty-five, one thousand four
hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair the buildings required for the various
employes, and furnishing necessary furniture
therefor, per fifth article treaty sixteenth July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three hundred
dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for the pay of
each of the head chiefs of the Flathead, Koote-
nay, and Upper Pend d'Oreilles tribes, per fifth
article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, fifteen hundred dollars.
Transportation of annuity goods and provis-
ions for the Flathead Indians, per fifth article of
the treaty of July sixteenth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, for the present fiscal year, eleven
thousand nine hundred and twenty dollars and
forty-one cents, or so much thereof as shall be
necessary.
Insurance and transportation of annuity goods
and provisions for the Flathead Indians, per fifth
article of the treaty of July sixteenth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred ana sixty-six,
eleven thousand nine hundred and twenty dollars
and forty-one cents, or so much thereof as shall
be necessary.
Confederated Tribes and Bands if Indians in Middle
Oregon.
For first of five installments, second series, of
six thousand dollars, for beneficial objects, nt the
discretion of the President, per second article treaty
twenty-fifth June,eighteen hundredand fifty-five,
six thousand dollars.
For sixth of fifteen installments for pay and
subsistence of one farmer, one blacksmith, and one
wagon and plow maker, per fourth article treaty
twenty-fifth June, eighteen hundredand fifty-five,
three thousand five hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for pay and
subsistence of one physician, one sawyer, one
miller, one superintendent of farming operations,
and one school teacher, per fourth article treaty
twenty-fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
five thousand six hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for payment
of salary to the head chief of said confederated
bands, per fourth article treaty twenty-fifth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred dol-
lars.
Molel Indians.
For sixth of ten installments for keeping in re-
pair saw and flouring mills, and for the pay of
necessary employes, the benefits of which to be
shared alike by all the confederated bands, per
second article treaty twenty-first December, eigh-
teen hundredand fifty-five, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For sixth of ten installments for the pay of a
carpcnter and joiner to aid in crccting buildings
and making furniture for said Indians, and to fur-
nish tools in said service, per second article treaty
twenty-first December, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, two thousand dollars.
For pay of teachers to manual-labor school, for
all necessary materials therefor, and for the sub-
sistence of the pupils, per second article treaty
twenty-firstDecenibcr, eighteen hundredand fifty-
five, three thousand dollars.
Qui-nai-ett and Quil-leh-nte Indians.
For last of three installments on twenty-five
thousand dollars (being the third scries) for ben-
eficial objects, under the direction of the Presi-
dent, per fourth article treaty first July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, one thousand six hundred
dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for the sup-
port ofan agricultural and industrial school,and
for pay of suitable instructors, per tenth article
treaty first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
two thousand five hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for support
of smith and carpenter shop, and to provide the
necessary tools therefor, per tenth article treaty
first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five
hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment ofa blacksmith, carpenter,and farmer,
and a physician who shall furnish medicines for
the sick, per tenth article treaty first July, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, four thousand six
hundred dollars.
S'Klallams.
For last of three installments on sixty thousand
dollars, (being the third series,) under thedirection
of the President, per fifth article treaty twenty-
sixth January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
four thousand dollars.
For six[th] of twenty installments for the sup-
