1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong....2d Qess.
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, between
the United States, of the one part, and the United
•Kingdom of Gieat Britain and Ireland, of the
other part, that this treaty " shall remain in force
for ten years from the dateat which it may come
into operation, and further until the expiration of
twelve months after either of the high contracting
parties shall give notice to the other of its wish
to terminate the same;" and whereas it appears,
by a proclamation of the President of the United
Stales, hearing date sixteenth March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, that the treaty came into
operation on that day; and whereas, further, it
is no longer for the interests of the United States
to continue the same in force: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That notice be given of the termination
of the Reciprocity Treaty, according to the pro-
vision therein contained for the termination of the
same; and the President of the United States is
hereby charged with the communication of such
notice to the Government of the United Kingdom
of Great Britain and Ireland.
Approved, January 18, 1865.
No. 7.—A Resolution to Present the Thanks of
Congress to Brevet Major General Alfred H.
Terry, and the Officers and Men under his
Command.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the thanks of Congress are hereby
pieseuted to Brevet Major General Alfred H.
Terry, and to the officers and men under his com-
manti, for the unsurpassed gallantry and skill ex-
hibited by them in the attack upon Fort Fisher,
and the brilliant and decisive victory by which
that important work has been captured from the
rebel forces and placed in the possession and un-
der the authority of the United States; and for
their long and faithful services and unwavering
devotion to the cause of the country, in the midst
of the greatest difficulties and dangers.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the Pres-
ident of the United States be, and he hereby is,
requested to communicate this resolution to Gen-
eral Terry, and through him to the officers and
soldiers under his command.
Approved, January 24, 1865.
No. 8.—A Resolution tendering the Thanks of
Congress to Rear Admiral David D. Porter,
and to the Officers, Petty Officers, Seamen, and
Marines under his Command, for their Gal-
lantry and Good Conduct in the recent Capture
of Fort Fisher.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the thanks of Congress are hereby
presented to Rear Admiral David D. Porter, and
to the officers, petty officers, seamen, and marines
under his command, for the unsurpassed gal-
lantry and skill exhibited by them in the attacks
upon Fort Fisher, and the brilliant and decisive
victory by which that important work has been
captured from the rebel forces and placed in the
possession and under the authority of the United
States; and for their longand faithful services and
unwavering devotion to the cause of the country
in the midst of the greatest difficulties and dangers.
Sec. 2. Jlndbe it furtheri esolved, That the Pres-
ident of the United States be requested to com-
municate this resolution to Admiral Porter, and
through him to the officers,seamen,and marines
tinder his command.
Approved, January 24, 1865.
No. 9.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Tieasury to give the necessary
Notice stipulated pending the Intention of the
United Siaies to purchase the Building known
as Merchants' Exchange, New York City, now
used for Custom-House Purposes.
lie it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Ti easury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to give notice to the
owners of the building in New York city known
as the Merchants' Exchange, and occupied as a
custom-house, of the intention of the United
States to purchase the same, for the sum of one
million dollars, in accordance with the terms stip-
ulated in the existing lease of the property to the
Government.
Approved, January 25, 1865.
No. 10.—Joint Resolution reserving Mineral
Lands from the Operation of all Acts, passed
at the First Session of the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress, granting Lands, or extending the Time
of former Grants.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Americain Congress
assembled, That no act passed at the first session
of the Thirty-Eighth Congress, granting lands to
States or corporations, to aid in tlte construction
of roads or for other purposes, or to extend the
time of grants heretofore made, shall be so con-
strued as to embrace mineral lands, which in all
cases shall be, and are, reserved exclusively to
the United States, unless otherwise specially pro-
vided in the act or acts making the grant.
Approved, January 30, 1865.
No. 11.—A Resolution submitting to the Legis-
latures of the several States a Proposition to
amend the Constitution of the United States.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, (two thirds of both Houses concurring,)
That the following article be proposed to the
Legislatures of the several States as an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
which, when ratified by three fourths of said
Legislatures, shall be valid, to all intents and pur-
poses,as a part of the said Constitution, namely:
Article XIII.
Section 1. Neither slavery nor involuntary ser-
vitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof
the party shall have been duly convicted, shall
exist within the United States, or any place sub-
ject to their jurisdiction.
Section 2. Congress shall have power to en-
force this article by appropriate legislation.
Approved, February 1, 1865.
No. 19.—Join t Resolution declaring certain States
not entitled to Representation in the Electoral
College.
Whereas the inhabitants and local authorities
of the States of Virginia, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas, and Ten-
nessee rebelled against the Government of the
United States, and were in such condition on the
eighth day of November, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, that no valid election for electors of
Presidentand Vice President of the United States,
according to the Constitution and laws thereof,
was held therein on said day: Therefore,
Re it resolvedby the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Slates mentioned in the pre-
amble to this joint resolution are not entitled to
representation in the Electoral College for the
choice of President and Vice President of the
United States, for the term of office commencing
on the fourth day of March, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five; and no electoral votes shall be re-
ceived or counted from said States concerning the
choice of President and Vice President for said
term of office.
Approved, February 8, 1865.
No. 13.—Joint Resolution to terminate the Treaty
of eighteen hundred and seventeen, regulating
the Naval Force on the Lakes.
Whereas the United States, of the one part, and
the United Kingdom ofGreat Britain and Ireland,
of the other part, by a treaty bearing date Apul,
ei°hteen hundred and seventeen, have regulated
tlie naval force upon the lakes, and it was further
provided that " if cither party should hereafter be
desirous of annulling this stipulation and should
give notice to that elTect to the other party, it shall
cease to be binding after the expiration of six
months from the date of such notice;" and where-
as the peace of our frontier is now endangered
by hostile expeditions against the commerce of
the lakes, and by other acts of lawless persons,
which the naval force of the two countries, al-
lowed by the existing treaty, may be insufficient
to prevent; and whereas, further, the President of
the United States has proceeded to give the notice
required for the termination of the treaty by a
communication which took effect on the twenty-
third November, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the notice given by the Piesident
of the United States to the Government of Great
Britain and Ireland to terminate the treaty of eigh-
teen hundred and seventeen, regulating the naval
force upon the lakes, is hereby adopted and rati-
fied as if the same had been authorized by Con-
gress.
Approved, February 9, 1865.
No. 14.—Joint Resolution tendering the Thanks
of Congress to Major General Philip H. Sheri-
dan and the Officers and Men under his Com-
mand.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of Americain Congress
assembled, That the thanks of Congress are hen-by
tendered to Major General Philip H. Sheridan
and to the officers and men under his command,
for the gallantry, military skill,and courage dis-
played m the brilliant seriesof victories achieved
by them in the valley of the Shenandoah, and es-
pecially for their services at Cedar Run, on the
nineteenth day of October, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, wht-ch retrieved the fortunes of the
day, and thus avWted a great disaster.
Sec. 2. And be it farther resolved, That the Pres-
ident of the United States be, and hereby is, re-
quested to communicate this resolution to Major
General Sheridan, and through him to the officers
anil soldiers under his command.
Approved, February 9, 1865.
No. 15.—A Resolution providing forthe Compi-
lation of a Congressional Directory at each Ses-
sion.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Congressional Directory be
compiled under the direction of the Joint Commit-
tee on Public Printing, and published by the Su-
perintendent of Public Printing—the fiist edition
for each session to be ready for distiibution with-
in one week after the commencement thereof.
Approved, February 14, 1865.
No.lC.—A Resolution appointing General Rich-
ard Delafield to be a Regent of the Smithsonian
Institution.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That Richard Delafield, lesident of
Washington city,be,and he heieby is,appointed
a regent of the Smithsonian Institution, in the
place of Joseph G. Totten, deceased.
Approved, February 14,1865.
No. 17.—A Resolution to extend the Time for the
Reversion to the United States of the Lands
granted by Congress to aid in the Construc-
tion of a Railroad from Pere Marquette to Flint,
and for the Completion of said Road.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the time specified in the font th
section of the act of Congress approved June
three, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, entitled
" An act making a grant of alternate sections of
the public lands to the State of Michigan to aid
in the construction of certain railroads in said
State, and for other purposes," foi the reversion
to the United States of the lands granted by said
act to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Pere Marquette to Flint, and for the completion
