160
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 8,
38tii Con<3-....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
of said road, be, and the same is hereby, extended
for the term of five years.
Approved, February 17,1865.
No. 18.—Joint Resolution to enable the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to obtain the Title to cer-
tain Property in Carson City and State of Ne-
vada, for the Purposes of a Branch Mint located
in said Place.
"Whereas the Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States,in order to carry into effect an act
entitled "An act to establish a branch mintof the
United States in the Territory of Nevada," ap-
proved March third, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, has purchased of Moses Job and Margaret,
his wife, and James L. Riddle, the preemptors
and occupants thereof, certain city ov town lots
in said Carson City, together with all the valu-
able improvements thereon; and whereas it is
highly important for the interest of the Govern-
ment to obtain, at an early day, the use and pos-
session of said property, to establish and open
said branch mint: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled,That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to receive and accept
from said Moses Job and Margaret, his wife, and
James L. Riddle, such relinquishments and con-
veyances of their right and claim to said lots and
property as he, the said Secretary, shall deem
sufficient for the extinguishment of any claim,
right, or title which the said Moses Job and Mar-
garet, his wife, and James L. Riddle may or can
have thereto; and said lots and property shall
theieafter be reserved from public sale, preemp-
tion, or homestead settlement, and shall remain
the property of the United States.
Approved, February 23,1865.
No. 19.—Joint Resolution to facilitate the Ad-
justment of certain Accounts of the American
Colonization Society for the Support of Recap-
tured Africans in Liberia.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States o/\'hnerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secietary of the Interior be,
arid is hereby, authorized arid directed to adjust
and settle the accounts of the American Coloni-
zation Society for the support of recaptured Af-
ricans in Liberia, under contracts made for that
purpose under the authority of the act of Con-
gress approved June sixteenth,eighteen hundred
and sixty, on the principles of equity.
Approved, February 23, 18C5.
No. 20.—Joint Resolution directing the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue American Registers
to British Schooners "Minnie Williams" and
" K. M. Baxter."
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of lite United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized and directed to issue American
registers to the Bntish-bmlt schooners "Minnie
Williams" arid " E. M. Baxter," said vessels
being now owned by a citizen of Buffalo, New
York.
Approved, February 25, 18G5.
No. 23.—Joint Resolution in Relation to the Dis-
tribution of Books and Documents.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America hi Congress
assembled, That the undistributed portions of the
books and documents heretofore printed or pur-
chased for its use by order of either House of
Congress, previous to the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress, and now deposited in the Interior Depart-
ment and elsewhere, be distributed to members
of the present Congress, under the direction of
the Joint Committee on Printing: and said com-
mittee is heiehy directed to divide the books in
question into parcels equal in number to the whole
number of Senators, Representatives, and Dele-
gates from Territories, and as nearly equal in
value and imnortaneeas possible,and to distribute
them to the Senators, Representatives, and Dele-
gates, by such method as may be found most
feasible and proper.
Approved, February 28, 1865.
No. 24.—Joint Resolution to provide for the Pub-
lication of a full Army Register.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, authorized and required to cause to be
printed and published a full roster or roll of all
general, field, line, and staff officers of volunteers
who have been in the Army of the United States at
any time since the beginning of the present re-
bellion, including all informal organizations which
have been recognized or accepted and paid by the
United States, showing whether they are yet in
the service, or have been discharged therefrom,
and giving casualties and other explanations
proper forsuch Register. And, to defray in whole
or in part the expenses of this publication, an
edition of twenty-five thousand copies of such
enlarged Register shall be published and may be
sold to officers, soldiers, or citizens, at a price
which shall not more than cover the actual cost
of paper, printing, and binding, and shall not in
any case exceed one dollar per volume.
Approved, March 2, 1865.
No. 25.—Joint Resolution authorizing a Contract
with William H. Powell for a Picture for the
Capitol.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Joint Committee on the Li-
brary be, and they are hereby, directed to erler
into a contract with William H. Powell, of the
State of Ohio, to paint a picture for the United
States, to be placed at the head of one of the grand
staircases in the Capitol, illustrative of some naval
victory; the particular subject of the painting to
be agreed ou by the committee and the artist:
Provided, That the entire expense of said picture
shall notexceed twenty-five thousand dollars, and
two thousand dollars shall be paid to said William
H. Powell, in advance, to enable him to prepare
for the work, the remainder of said installments
at intervals of not less than one year, the last in-
stallment to be retained until the picture is com-
pleted and put up.
Approved March 2,3865.
No. 27.—A Resolution to encourage the Employ-
ment of disabled and discharged Soldiers.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That persons honorably discharged
from the military or naval service by reason of
disability resulting from wounds or sickness in-
curred in the line of duty, should be preferred for
appointments to civil offices, provided they shall
be found to possess the business capacity neces-
sity for the proper discharge of the duties of such
offices.
Sec. 2. Andbeitfurther resolved, That,in grate-
ful recognition of the services, sacrifices, and suf-
ferings of persons honorably discharged from the
military and naval service of the country, by rea-
son of wounds, disease, or the expiration of terms
of enlistment, it is respectfully recommended to
bankers, merchants, manufacturers, mechanics,
farmers, and persons engaged in industrial pur-
suits, to give them the preference for appointments
to remunerativesituationfs] and employments.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
No. 28.—Joint Resolution of Thanks to Major
General George H. Thomas and the Army
under his Command.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Con-
gress assembled, That the thanks of Congress are
due, and are hereby tendered, to Major General
George H. Thomas and the officers and soldiers
under his command for their skill and dauntless
courage, by irhich the rebel army under General
Hood was signally defeated and driven from the
State of Tennessee.
Approved, March 3,1865.
No. 29.—A Resolution to encourage Enlistments
and to promote the Efficiency of the Military
Forces of the United States.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That, for the purpose of encouraging
enlistments and promoting the efficiency of the
military and naval forccs of the United States, it
is hereby enacted that the wife and children, if
any he have, of any person that has been, or may
be, mustered into the military or naval service of
the United States, shall, from and after the pas-
sage of this act, be forever free, any law,usage, or
custom whatsoever to the contrary notwithstand-
ing; and in determining who is or was the wife
and who are .the children of the enlisted person
herein mentioned, evidence that he and the woman
claimed to be his wife have cohabited together, or
associated as husband and wife, and so continued
to cohabit or associate at the time t>f the enlist-
ment, or evidence that a form or ceremony of mar-
riage, whether such marriage was or was not
authorized or recognized by law, has been entered
into or celebrated by them, and that the parties
thereto thereafter lived together, or associated or
cohabited as husband and wife, and so continued to
live, cohabit, or associate at the time of the enlist-
ment, shall be deemed sufficient proof of marriage
for the purposes of this act, and the children born
of any such marriage shall be deemed and taken
to be the children embraced within the provisions
of this act, whether such marriage shall or shall
not have been dissolved at the time of such enlist-
ment.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
No. 30.—A Resolution to authorize and directan
Inventory of Articles in the Quartermaster's
Depots of the United States, and in the Posses-
sion of the Naval Storekeepers of the United
States.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and is
hereby, directed to cause a strict inspection to be
made of the quartermaster's department, as soon
as practicable after the passage of this resolution,
and a comparison to be made between the reports
of the officers in charge of the quartermaster's
depots at New York, Philadelphia, Cincinnati,
Saint Louis, and Louisville, and the articles on
hand.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the Sec-
retary of the Navy, in like manner, be directed
to cause an inventory to be made of all the
property of the United States, in possession of
the several naval storekeepers of the United
States.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
No. 31.—A Resolution relating to International
Exhibitions at Bergen, in Norway, and Oporto,
in Portugal, during the Summer of eighteen
hundred and sixty-five.
Whereas the Governments of the kingdom of
Sweden and Norway, and of the kingdom ofPor-
tugal, have communicated to the Government of
the United States the programmes of two inter-
national exhibitions to be held respectively at
Bergen, in Norway, and at Oporto, in Portugal,
during the summer of eighteen hundred and sixty-
five: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Presidentof the United States
is hereby charged with the duty of making known
to the people of the United Slates, by proclama-
tion, or otherwise, as shall to him seem best, the
facts in his possession relating to the interna-
tional exhibitions proposed to be held at Bergen,
Norway, and Oporto, Portugal, during the sum-
merof eighteen hundred and sixty-five, and of in.,
viting their participation therein: Provided, Thai
no expense shall be incurred for any agency with
regard to such exhibition; nor shall any claim of
any agent of our Government be hereafter recog-
nized.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
