1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
Laws of the United States.
38th Co5G....2d Sess.
No. 32.—Joint Resolution to amend the Joint
Resolution entitled "Joint Resolution in Rela-
tion to the Public Printing," approved J&ne
twenty-third,eighteen hundred and sixty.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, Thatthe Superintendent ofPublicPrint-
ing shall be, and he is hereby,authorized to pur-
chase the paper required for the public printing
by accepting the sealed proposals of the lowest
bidder or bidders for any specific portion or por-
tions of the whole amount of anyparticular kind
of paper required, for either three months, six
months, or one year, the minimum portion to be
specified by the Superintendent in his advertise-
ment for proposals, and to be as low as will, in
his judgment, most increase competition, and be
most advantageous to the United States. In all
other respects the proposals and contracts shall
be subject to the conditions and requirements of
the existing law; and any contractor failing to
comply with the terms of his contract, under this
resolution, shall be liable to the same extent, and
in the same manner as provided in the like case in
the joint resolution hereby amended; and it shall
be the duty of the Superintendent to report fully
in regard to all proposals and contracts for paper
in his annual report to Congress, and also in re-
gard to all proposals and contracts for lithograph-
ing and engraving.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
No. 33.—A Resolution directing Inquiry into the
Condition of the Indian Tribes, and their Treat-
ment by the Civil and Military Authorities.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be raised a joint committee,
to consist of three members of the Senate, to be
appointed by the President of the Senate, and four
members of the present House, to be appointed
by the Speaker of the House of Representatives,
to inquire into the present condition of the Indian
tribes, and especially into the manner in which
they are treated by the civil and military author-
ities of the United States, with power to sit during
the recess of Congress; to send for persons and
papers; to employ a clerk, to subpena or compel
the attendance of witnesses; to hear the com plaints
of Indian chiefs, and examine fully into the con-
duct of Indian agents and superintendents, and
also into the management of the Bureau of Indian
Affairs in the Department of the Interior; and to
report at the next session of Congress such legis-
lation as may be necessary for the better admin-
istration of Indian affairs; and that there be, and
is hereby, appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
fifteen thousand dollars to defray the expenses of
the same.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
No. 35.—A Resolution transferring Maps and
other Documents relating to the Surveys of the
Pacific Railroad to the Department of the In-
terior.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all maps, profiles, and other draw-
ings, together with estimates and reports con-
nected with explorations and surveys for the
Pacific railroad, made under the authority of the
Government, and all other information upon tWe
subject of said road in the possession of any De\
partment of the Government, be transferred to^
the Department of the Interior; and that the Sec-
retary of the Interior be authorized to furnish
copies of the same, free of charge, to the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, so far as they may be
useful in aiding said company in determining the
proper route for said road.
Approved, March 3, 1865."
No. 34.—A Resolution to extend the Time for
constructing the Burlington and Missouri River
Railroad, in Iowa, and filing a Map of Reloca-
tion.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
asscmbted, That the time allowed by the eighth
section of the act entitled "An act to amend an
act entitled 'An act making a grant of lands to
the State of Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in
the construction of certain railroads in said State,'
approved May fifteenth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six," for the construction annually of sec-
tions of twenty miles each of the Burlington and
Missouri River railroad, be, and the same is
hereby, extended one year, and that the provis-
ion ot the second section of the act approved first
of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, enti-
tled "An act to regulate the compensation of regis-
ters and receiveis of the land officcs in the sev-
eral States and Territories in the location of lands
by the States and corporations under grants by
Congress," which requires that a map of the
change of location shall be filed with the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office within one year,
be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
New Series—No. 11.
No. 36.—A Resolution respecting the Publica-
tion of the Papers of James Madison.
"Whereas the Joint Committee of the two
Houses of Congress on the Library were author-
ized by an act approved August 18th, 1856, and
amended June 25th, 1860, to cause to be printed
and published one thousand copies of the Papers
of James Madison; and whereas the sum appro-
priated for such purpose has been found insuffic-
ient: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the said Joint Library Commit-
tee are hereby authorized to contract, for the pub-
lishing of five hundred copies of said Papeis, in
lieu of the one thousand copies heretofore author-
ized," and for the same sum.
' Approved, March 3, 1865.
No. 37.—A Resolution to purchase Mail Pouches
or Boxes of Marshall Smith's Patent for the
Postal Servicc, and for other purposes.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and
he is hereby, authorized to purchase of Marshall
Smith such number of mail pouches or boxes (con-
structed on the principle of letters-patent issued
April twenty-eight,eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, and May seventeen, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, to said Smith) as he may deem prffper
to fully test their utility and value in the postal
service; and also to testa new mode of fastening
mail bags, invented by Solomon Andrews, and
to secure a patent for the same, and that the ex-
pense thereof shall be paid out of any appropria-
tion heretofore made or hereafter to be made to
the Post Office Department.
Approved, March 3,1865.
PRIVATE ACTS.
Chap. IV.—An Act for the Relief of William H.
Jameson, a Paymaster in the United States
Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Ame.ric.ain Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury Depai tment be, and they are hereby,
required to allow Major William H. Jameson, on
settlement of his accounts, a credit of nine hun-
dred and fifty-nine dollars and fourteen cents, for
money in his hands as paymaster in the Army,
on board the steamer Ruth, and destroyed.by fiie
on the night of the fourth of August, eighteen
hundied and sixty-three, if, on examining the
evidence by the Paymaster General, he, the said
Paymaster General, shall deem him justly entitled
to said credit; but such credit shall not be allowed
without the said Paymaster General shall certify
his approval thereof.
Approved, December 20, 1864.
Chap. V.—An Act for the Relief of George W.
Murray.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America iji Congress
assembled, That the Commissioner ot Pensions
be, and he is hereby, directed to pay to George
W. Murray the pension to which he was entitled
by the act of Congress approved on the third of
March, one thousand eight hundred and thirty-
seven, entitled "An act- for the more equitable
administration of the Navy pension fund."
Approved, December 20, 1864.
Chap. VII.—An Act for the Relief of Deborah
Jones.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of Deborah Jones, the widow of the
late Captain Ezekiel Jones, and of the county of
Oneida, and the State of New York, upon the pen-
sion roll, at the rate of twenty dollars per month,
according to the provisions of the act to grant
pensions, approved July fourteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, and that said pension
shall commence from the sixth day of Novem-
ber, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Approved, December 21,1864, •
Chap. X.—An Act for the Relief of Charles M.
Pott.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congi'ess
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and is hereby, required to place the name of
Charles M. Pott, late of company IC,one hundred
and seventy-ninth P. M., on the pension roll, at
the rate of eight dollars per month, from the date
of his discharge, March seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, for total disability sustained
by the loss of an arm by accident while in the
hospital detained for his pay after his discharge^
had been ordered.
Approved, December 22, 1864.
Chap. XIV.—An Act for the Relief of Charles
Anderson, Assignee of John James, of Texas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he
hereby is, authorized and directed to pay to
Charles Anderson, assignee of John James, of
Texas, the sum of one thousand and forty-one
dollars and sixty-six cents, being the amount cer-
tified by the Quartermaster General to be due to
the said John James for back rent of Camp Hud-
son, in Texas, prior to the first of July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-nine, the same having been
regularly assigned to the said Charles Anderson.
Approved, January 38, 1865.
Chap. XV.—An Act for the Relief of George
Mowry.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he hereby is, authorized and directed, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to pay to George Mowry the sum of
seventy-two dollars and twelve cents, in full pay-
ment for conveying two prisoners from Somerset
jail, in Pennsylvania, to Pittsburg, in the year
eighteen hundred and forty-one, by order of the
United States deputy marshal for the western dis-
trict of Pennsylvania.
Approved, January 18, 1865.
Chap. XVII.—An Act for the Relief of Jacob
Weber.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Americain Congress
assembled, That there be paid to private Jacob
Weber, of the fourth regiment of Ohio volunteer
infantry, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of nine hundred
and thirteen dollars and thir.ty-three cents, to re-
imburse him for money advanced by him to pay
Scott Allen, A. Hyatt, Henry Olden, A. W.
Cook, Lewis Shindolla/, and James Garland, who
were employed as J^amsters for the said fourth
regiment of Ohio volunteer infantry between the
fust (lay of August, anno Domini eighteen hun-
; Jred ami sixty-one, and the first day of July,
