APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[February 25,,
38tii Cong.... 2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
anno Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
and received the price of said employment from
the said Jacob Weber, who advanced the same,
on the quartermaster's certificates, to said em-
ployes, with the assurance of the said quarter-
master and the commander of said regiment that
the amount so advanced would very soon there-
after be repaid and refunded to him by the Gov-
ernment, through said quartermaster.
Approved, January 20, 1865.
Chap. XXI.—An Act for the Relief of Emily A.
Lyon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place upon the pen-
sion roll the name of Emily A. Lyon, widow of
Alfred M. Lyon, a late sutler in the twenty-third
regiment of Iowa volunteers, but who volun-
teered as a private in company A of the said regi-
ment, and while serving in that capacity was mor-
tally wounded at the battle at Black River, Mis-
sissippi, on the seventeenth day of May, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, and died on the field;
the said pension to be at the rate of eight dollars
per month, commencing on the seventeenth day
of May, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and
continuing during the widowhood of the pen-
sioner.
Approved, January 24, 1865.
Chap. XXVII.—An Act for the Relief of Isaac
r. Oilier.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled/Vlint the Secietary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed, out of any money in
the Tieasury, not otherwise appropriated, to pay
to IsaacR. l)il!er, late consul at Bremen*, the sum
of three thousand dollars, in fu!i for the expenses
incurred byium for extra cleik hnein his office,
and for moneys advanced to rit M.tute American
citizens during the interval between the first day
of August, eighteen bundled and fifty-seven, and
the twentieth day of September, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one.
Approved, January ,10,18G5.
Chap. XXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of Mary
Scales Accardi.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
seutativcboflhe United Slates ofAmerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he hereby is, directed to place the name of
Mary Scales Accardi, the widovvof Salvador Ac-
cardi, upon the toll of widows of invalid pen-
sioners, and that the said Maiy Scales Accardi
be paid a pension, at the rate of six dollars per
month, commencing July first,eighteen hundred
and nixiy-two.
Approved, January 30,1865.
Chap. XXXL—An Act for the Relief of Louis
Roberts.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives (J the United Slates of America in Congress
asfemblcdi'Vhnt the Secretary of the Treasury be,
am) he heicby is, authorized and directed to pay
to Louis Roberts, out of any money in the Treas-
uiy not otherwise appropriated, the sum of two
thousand seven hundred and forty dollais and
ninety-nine cents, that being the amount of money
advanced bysaid Roberts, out of his own means,
to u-place cciUun Indian indemnity goods, inci-
dentally destroyed byfne in November,eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, while being transported by
him fiom Saint Paul, Minnesota, to Redwood
Agency,for R. G. Murphy,United States Indian
agent for the Sioux Indians in Minnesota.
Approved, February 9,18G5.
Cuap. XXXIII.—An Act for the Relief of Solo-
mon Wadsworth.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America in Congress
assembledy Thai an act entitled 44 An act for the
relief of Solomon Wadswoith," approved the
sixteenth day of June, one thousand eight hun-
dred and sixty, be, and js hereby, amended by
striking out the word "ninety-four,"and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the word ninety-five.
Approved, February 13,18G5.
Chap. XXXVI.—An Act for the Reliefof Alex-
ander J. Atocha.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre~
sentativesofthe United States of America in Congress
assembled^ That the Court of Claims be, and the
said court is hereby, directed to examine into the
claims of Alexander J. Atocha against the Gov-
ernment of Mexico for losses sustained by him
by reason of his expulsion from that republic in
eighteen hundred and forty-five, and if they shall
be of opinion that the said claim was a just one
against Mexico when the treaty of eighteen hun-
dred and forty-eight was ratified, and was em-
braced by said treaty, they shall then fix and de-
termine the amount of the same; and that the
loss or damage so sustained being adjudicated
and determined by said court, the same shall be
paid to the said Alexander J. Atocha, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated: Provided^ however, That the amount so to
be paid shall in no event exceed the balance of
the three and a quarter millions of dollars pro-
vided by the fifteenth article of the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo for the paymentof claims of
citizens of the United States against the Govern-
ment of Mexico, which still remains unapplied
to that object.
Approved, February 14, 1S65.
Chap. XL.—An Act for the Relief of the Heirs
of Almond D. Fisk, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That Phebe Ann Fisk, as executrix
of Almond D. Ptsk, deceased, who obtained a
patent for a "new and useful improvement in
coffins," dated the fourteenth day of November,
eighteen hundred and forty-eight, for fourteen
years, which has now expired, be authorized to
apply to the Commissioner of Patents for an ex-
tension of said patent for seven years, under the
rules and regulations now in force for the exten-
sion of patents, as if she had made application
previous to its expiration, as required by law;
and the Commissioner is directed to investigate
and decide the application for extension on the
same evidence and in the same manner as other
applications for extension are decided, notwith-
standing the surrender and reissue of March sixth,
eighteen hundred and sixty: Provided, That the
application for extension be made within thirty
days from the approval of this act, and the de-
cision of the Commissioner be rendered within
ninety days from the filing of said application in
the Patent Office: And provided also, That noth-
ing herein shall be so construed as to hold respons-
ible in damages any persons who may have man-
ufactured coffins containing the aforesaid improve-
ments between the expiration of the patent and
the approval of this act.
Approved, February 17, 1865.
Chap. XLIV.-
-An Act for the Relief of Ilenry
A. Brigham.
Be it cnacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Cong7sess
assembled, That the Secretaiy of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, directed, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
[iay to Henry A. Brigham the sum of two thou-
sand dollars, being the amount of his cheek
drawn in favor of the Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at New York, on the seventh of
November, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
sixty-two.
Approved, February 20, 1SG5.
pensioners, at the rate of eight dollars per month,
to commence from the first day of January, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-four, and to continue
during his natural life.
Approved, February 23, 1865.
Chap. LX.—An Actforthe Relief of Harrietand
Emily W. Morris, unmarried Sisters of the late
Commodore Henry W. Morris.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Repre'
sentativesofthe United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That Harriet and Emily W. Morris,
the unmairied sisters of the late Commodore
Henry "VV. Morris, be entitled to and receive the
same pension as the brother would have been en-
titled to had he been totally disabled, to commence
from the death of the brother; and the Secretary
of the Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to
place the names of the said Harriet and Emily
W. Morris upon the pension roll of Navy pen-
sions: Provided, Thatin case of the death ormar-
riage of either of the said sisters her pension shall
cease.
Approved, February 25, 1865.
Chap. LX1.—An Act to change the Name of Dor-
sey Edwin William Towson, of Georgetown,
in the District of Columbia, to that of Dorsey
Edwin William Carter.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentativesofthe United States of Americain Congress
assembled,That Dorsey Edwin William Towson,
of Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, be,
and he is hereby, authorized, from and after the
passage of this act, to take and use the surname
of Carter, and that his name hereafter be Dorsey
Edwin William Carter; and all acts done and
entered into by that name shall have the same
effect and operation m law as if his name had
originally been Dorsey Edwin William Carter, of
Georgetown, in the District of Columbia.
Approved, February 25, 1865.
Chap. LXII.—An Act for the Relief of Mary
Shirchff.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to plaec
the name of Mary Shircliff, widow of John Shir-
chff, on the pension roll, and-pay her a pension,
at the rate of eight dollars per month, during her
widowhood, from the passage of this act.
Approved, February 25, 1865.
CiiAr. LXIII.—An Act for the Reliefof Rebecca
S. Harrison.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
upon the naval pension roll the name of Rebecca
S. Harrison, widow of the late Lieutenant Horace
N. Harrison, at the rate of seventeen dollars per
month, to commence from the first day of April,
eighteen bundled and sixty-four, and to continue
during her widowhood; and in case of her death
or marriuge the same to be continued to her chil-
dren, until the youngest shall have reached the
age of sixteen years.
Approved, February 25,18G5.
! Chap. LI.—An Act for ihe Relief of George A. I
Schreiner. H
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
1 sentativesofthe United Slates of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Inteuor be,
and he id hereby, authorized and directed to place
i the name of George A. Schreiner, of the county
' of Wyandott, State of Kansas, upon the list of
Chap. LXV.—An Act to pay to each of the sur-
viving Soldiers of the Revolution, five in num-
ber, whose Namesareon the Pension Roll, three
hundred dollars annually, as a Gratuity, in ad-
dition to the Pension now paid them.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongress
assembled, That, from and after the passage of this
act, there shall be paid, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
three hundred dollars, to be paid annually, to each
of the persons hereinafter named, five in number,
during their natural lives, as a gratuity on the
part of the Government; the five persons herein-
after named being the sole survivors of the Army
of the Revolution whose names are enrolled on
the books of the Pension Office—said gratuity to
