1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I6t
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong. ... 2b Sess.
be paid to them by the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, in addition to the pensions now paid them
under former acts of Congress; said payment to
each of the persons hereinafter named to cease on
the death of such person:
To Lemuel Cook, enlisted at Hatfield, Massa-
chusetts, is now about ninety-eight years of age,
and resides in Clarendon, Orleans county, New
York, three hundred dollars.
T o Samuel Downing, enlisted in Carroll county,
New Hampshire,is nowabout ninety-eight years
of age, and lives in Edinburg, Saratoga county,
New York, three hundred dollars.
To William Hutchings, enlisted at Newcastle,
Maine, (then Massachusetts,) is now one hun-
dred years old, and resides in Penobscot, Han-
cock county, Maine, three hundred dollars.
To Alexander Maroney, enlisted at Lake
George, New York, as a drummer-boy, is now
about ninety-four years old, his residence is Yates,
Orleans county, New York, three hundred dol-
lars.
To James Barham, substitute for a drafted man
in South Hampton county, Virginia, lives in the
State of Missouri, and is in his one hundred and
first year, three hundied dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Commissioner of Pensions, as
soon as this act has been passed by both Houses
of Congress, and approved of by the President,
to have made out five copies of the same, each
signed by the Speaker of the House, the Presi-
dent of the Senate, and the President of the Uni-
ted States, and to send a copy of the same to each
of the revolutionary soldiers in this act above
mentioned.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That this act
take effect and be in force from and after its pas-
sage.
Approved, February 27, 1865.
Chap. LXVI.—An Act for the Relief of Chapin
Hall.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury ber
and he is hereby, authorized and required to pay
Chapin Hall, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of twenty-
fi\e hundred dollars, hi full for damages sustained
by him in consequence of the taking and using
his lumber, at Louisville, Kentucky, by General
McCook's division of the United States Army, in
the month of September, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two.
Approved, February 27, 18G5.
Chap. CXXVIII—An Act for the Relief of
Charles A. Pitcher.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress !
assembled, That ihe Secretary of the Treasuiy be, I
and he is heuby, authorized and required to pay, |
out of any money in the Treasury net otherwise i
appropriated, to Charles A. Pitcher the sum j
of five thousand dollars for damages sustained j
by reason of the infringement of a patent on a
machine for making brooms, and the use of the
same in the penitentiary of the United States,
from November first, eighteen hundred and fifty-
nine, to the twentieth of September, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
time of his death, for and during the period of
her natural life or widowhood.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CXXX.—An Act for the Relief of W.H.
and C. S. Duncan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of two hundred dollars
and eighty cents be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated out of any money in theTreasurynot
otherwise appropriated to be paid to W. H. and
C. S. Duncan, of the city of Lawrence, Kansas,
for compensation in full for goods and provis-
ions furnished Captain Walker's company, Kan-
sas militia, by order of Governor Geary, in eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-six.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CXXXI.—An Act for the Relief of Sam-
uel L. Gerould.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby,authorized and directed to pay,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to Samuel L. Gerould, late ser-
geant company G, fourteenth New Hampshire
volunteers, the sum of one hundred and seventy-
nine dollars and twenty cents, for his services as
clerk to a general court-martial, from September
twenty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
to December twenty-fourth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CXXX1I.—An Act for^ie Relief of John
Hastings, Collector of the I'ort of Pittsburg.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of theTreasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed,in ad-
justing the accounts of John Hastings, as col-
lector of the customs at the port of Pittsburg, to
give him credit for the sum of nine thousand nine
hundred and fifty-six dollars and sixty-two cents,
the amountof the public fhoney of which he was
robbed on the tenth day of March, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, while acting in
the aforesaid capacity.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CXXIX—An Act granting a Pension to
Sophia Brooke Taylor, Widow of the late I
Major Fianeis Taylor. j
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- I
sentativts'ofthe United Stales nf.hnerica in Congress j
assimbltd, That the Secretary of the Interior be, j
and hereby is, authorized and directed to place !
the name of Sophia Brooke Taylor, widow of the
late Francis Taylor, major of the first regular 1
United States aitillery, who died of yellow leva'
while in command of the post at Fort Brown, ■
Texas, on the twelfth day of October, eighteen j
hundred and filty-t'ight, upon the pension roll, at ,
the same rale of pay winch he would liuvr been j
entitled to if he had been totally disabled at the i
Chap. CXJiXlII.—An Act for the Relief of
Mary A. Baker, Widow of Brigadier General
Edward D. Baker.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he hereby is, authorized and directed to place
the name of Mary A. Baker, widow of Brigadier
General Edward D. Baker, on the pension roll,
at the rate of fifty dollars a month, from the
twenty-first day of October, eighteen hundred
and sixly-one, to continue during her widow-
hood.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CXXX1V.—An Act granting a Pension
to Ellen M. Whipple, Widow of the late Major
General Amiel W. Whipple, of the United
States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America ill Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the lntei lor be
directed to place the name of Eilen M.Whipple,
widow of the late Major General Amiel W.
Whipple, of the United States Army, on the pen-
sion roll, at the rate of fifty dollars a month, from
the seventh day of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, for and during her widowhood.
Approved, March 3, lb'65.
Ch ip. CXXXV.—An Act granting a Pension to
the Widow of the late Major General Hiram
G. Berry.
Bi it marled by the Senate and Hnuv of Repre-
sentativesotthe United States of America in Congress
That the Secietary of the Interior be,
and he hereby is, authorized and directed to place
the name of Eliza Berry, widow of Major Gen-
eral Hiram G. Berry, on the pension roll, at the
rate of fifty dollars a month, from the third day
of May, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, to continue during her widowhood.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CXXXVI.—An Act granting a Pension
to Ezekiel Darling.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized to place the name of
Ezekiel Darling on the pension rolls, at the rate
of four dollars per month, during his natural life,
said pension to commence from the passage of
the bill.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CXXXVII.—An Act for the Relief of Jean
M. Lander, Widow of F.W. Lander, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, authorized and directed to audit and
settle the account of Brigadier General F. W.
Lander, deceased, for services rendered and ex-
penses incurred by him in making arecorinois-
sance for a railroad from Puget's sound to the
Mississippi river, in eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, and the amount the said Secretary shall find
to be justly due shall be paid to the widow of the
deceased, to wit, Jean M. Lander, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated: Provided, The same shall not exceed the
sum of four thousand seven hundred and fifty
dollars, and it shall be in full consideration for
said services ami expenses.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CXXXVIN.—An Act granting a Pension
to Thomas Booth.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentalivesvfthedJnited States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby,authorized and directed to place
the name of Thomas Booth on the invalid pen-
sion roll of the United States, at the rate of four
dollars per month, from the first day of May,
eighteen hundred and sixty, and to continue dur-
ing his natural life.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CXXXIX.—An Act granting a Pension
to Elizabeth B. Leppien.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Elizabeth B. Leppien on the list of pensioners,
at the rate of thirty dollars per month, to com-
mence on the twenty-fourth day of May, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-three, and continue dur-
ing her widowhood.
Approved, Mai eh 3, 18G5.
Chap. CXL —An Act granting a Pension to
Rachel Mills, Widow of Peter Mills, deceased,
late a Major in the United States Army.
Be it enacted h/ the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he hereby is, directed to place upon the pen-
sion roll of the United States the name of Rachel
Mills, of Bmghamton,New York, widow of Peter
Mills, late a major in the United States Army,
at the rate of twenty dollars per month, from the
date of April first, in the year eighteen hundred
and sixty-four.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Ciiap. CXLI.—An Act for the Relief of Benjamin
i Yreeland, Surgeon m the Navy of the United
11 States.
|j Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
" sentalivesoflhe United Slates of America in Congress
'! assunbled, That there be paid to Benjamin Yree-
