164
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,1865.
38th Cong-....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
land, surgeon in the Navy of the United States,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of fourhundred and forty-
nine dollars and seven cents, being the difference
of compensation to an assistant surgeon and a
past assistant surgeon, from the ninth day of
May, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, to the thir-
tieth day of March, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven.
Approved, March 3,1865.
PRIVATE RESOLUTIONS.
No. 2.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to dispose of certain Mon-
eys therein mentioned.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to pay over to Henry
C. De Ahna the sum of two thousand dollars,de-
posited by said De Ahna with Jay Cook and Com-
pany to the credit of C. V. Hogan, an employe in
the secret service of the Treasury Department,or
any part thereof, or to cause the whole or part of
the same to be confiscated and paid over to the
Treasury of the United States, as, in the judg-
ment of the Secretary, may appear just.
Approved, December 15, 1864.
No. 21.—Joint Resolution in the Matter of Ser-
geant Daniel Collett, jr., deceased.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secietary of War be directed
to cause the name of Daniel Collett, jr., who died
of wounds received in battle, to be entered and
borne upon the rolls of the Army as a first lieu-
tenant of the fortieth regiment of Ohio volunteer
infantry, from the ninth day of May, eighteen
hundred und sixty-four, the date to which he was
commissioned to that office by the Governor of
the State of Ohio, the same as if he had been on
that day mustered in as such first lieutenant.
Approved, February 25, 1SG5.  
No. 22.—A Resolution fortheRelief of JamesB.
Royce.
Whereas, James B. Royce, of the town of
Shrewsbury and State of Vermont, entered the ser-
vice of the United Statesas a private in company
I, seventh regiment of Vermont volunteers, on the
tenth day of February, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, and continued to serve in said company
and regiment until the tenth day of February,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three,on which day,
at Fort Barrancas, Florida, by the premature dis-
charge of a cannon at which he was engaged in
target practice, he received injuries which resulted
in the loss of his left arm and left eye, by rea-
son of which disabilities he was discharged from
the service on the fourth of December, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, having served twenty-
one months and twenty-two days; and whereas,
by reason of not having been discharged for
wounds actually received in battle, he is not
entitled to the benefit of the act entitled "An act
to amend an act entitled 'An act to authorize the
employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the
laws and protecting public property,' approved
July twenty-two, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one," approved March third, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three; and whereas his case comes
within the spirit and intent of said act: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the said James B. Royce, of
Shewsbury, Vermont, be, and he is hereby, de-
clared entitled to the benefit of said act, approved
March third, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
the same as if he had been discharged from the
service by reason of wounds received in battle,
or had served out the full period of hisenlistment.
Approved, February 25, 1865.
No. 26.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Navy to advance to Paul S. Forbes
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars addi-
tional outof the sum to be paid him under his
Contract for building a Steam Screw Sloop-of-
War.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and
hois hereby,authorized to pay to Paul S. Foibes,
of the city oi'New York, the sum of two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars, in addition to the sums
heretofore paid, to apgiy on his contract of the
date of May twenty-second, eighteen hundredand
sixty-three, for building a steam screw sloop-of-
war, the same being an advance payment on the
contract, to aid in tiie completion of said sloop-
of-war: Provided, That no part of said sum shall
be paid without the assent in writing of the sure-
ties of said Paul S. Forbes: And provided further,
That nothing in this resolution contained shall be
so construed as in any manner to affect or vary
'said contract, except as to the time of making said
payment.
Approved, March 2, 1865.
No. 38.—A Resolution for the Relief of Mrs. Lucy
A. Rice, late of Richmond, Virginia.
Whereas Mrs. Lucy A. Rice, late of Richmond,
Virginia, by her courage and patriotic devotion
in saving Colonel Streightand his party, and en-
abling them to make their escape from the hands
of the rebels, has deserved well of the country,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of one thousand five hun-
dred dollars be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated to said Lucy A. Rice, her heirs or admin-
istrators, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
No. 39.—A Resolution authorizing the Accept-
ance of a Sword of Honor from the Govern-
ment of Great Britain, by Captain Henry S.
Stellwagen, of the United States Navy.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Captain HenryS. Stellwagen, of
the Navy of the United States, be, and he hereby
is, authorized to accept the sword of honor re-
cently presented to him by the Government of
Great Britain as a mark of their gratitude for the
assistance rendered by him, while in command of
the frigate Constellation, to the British brigantine
Mersey, when in a disabled condition.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
No. 40.—A Resolution for the Relief of Garrett
R. Barry, a Paymaster in the United States
Navy.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Paymaster Garrett R. Barry.Uni-
ted States Navy, be, and he is hereby, released
from his liability as surety of John De Bree, for-
merly paymaster in the Navy of the United States.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
