
sary and quartermaster's stores, together with numerous boxes of guns and valuable camp equipage.

With a single exception the officers bore themselves gallantly, and too much cannot be said in praise of the conduct of the men.

Our infirmary corps kept close on our heels and promptly removed and took care of the wounded.

I beg to mention the gallant conduct of Joseph Rollins, our color-bearer.

ED. CROSSLAND,

Colonel, Commanding Seventh Kentucky Regiment.

Lieutenant GEORGE C. HUBBARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 40. Report of Col. H. W. Allen, Fourth Louisiana Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

EAST BATON ROUGE, LA., August 18, 1862.

SIR: On the morning of the 5th instant, in pursuance to orders of Brigadier-General Ruggles, I formed the Second Brigade, Second Division, in line of battle, the left of the brigade resting on Bernard's fence, in the rear of Magruder's Institute, and the right resting upon the First Brigade. On the right was placed Colonel Breaux, of the Thirtieth Louisiana; on the left Lieutenant-Colonel Hunter, of the Fourth Louisiana and in the center was the battalion of Lieutenant-Colonel Boyd. At dawn of day I received orders to advance. The brigade was put in motion and advanced steadily through thick woods, underbrush, corn fields, and picket fences. In the midst of the forest we encountered a battery supported by infantry. We halted and delivered several volleys in quick succession; the enemy fled in every direction, taking off his artillery with him. We started in pursuit, and after considerable desultory firing upon the retreating foe I discovered a battery on the extreme left (said to be Nims'), supported by a large amount of infantry. It was evident that this was a flanking movement and required my immediate attention. I ordered a movement to be made to the left and advanced in the direction of the battery. At the command charge the whole brigade raised a shout and made as gallant a charge as was ever witnessed. Here I fell, my legs terribly shattered with canister-shot. What transpired after this on the battle-field I do not know; the loss of blood and extreme pain had rendered me almost senseless. To my successor in command I must refer you for further particulars of the fight.

The officers and soldiers of this brigade fought with much gallantry, and with few exceptions did their duty nobly. I have been informed that upon my fall the brigade could not be rallied. This has often happened with the best of troops and the bravest veterans, and should not attach any disgrace to the soldiers. No one charges that the brigade retreated from the enemy or even retired from the place of danger. The enemy had been whipped and had fled in every direction. Captain Semmes' battery came up, fired a few rounds upon the retreating foe, and all was over.

To my adjutant, B. W. Clark, and to my voluntary aide, Lieutenant H. H.

