
out by holding the accused who take shelter on this frontier subject to extradition.

Please to accept the assurance of my esteem and distinguished consideration.

Liberty and reform.

A. LOPEZ.

[Inclosure No. 2.]
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Fort Brown, March 1, 1863.

His Excellency ALBINO LOPEZ,

Governor of Tamaulipas, Matamoras:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of February 28, in which you inform me that the laws of Mexico allow the extradition of those who are accused of murder, arson, theft, &amp;c., and that soon as I shall inform you that the rendition of fugitives shall be reciprocal you will carry said laws into effect, by holding the accused who take shelter on this frontier subject to extradition.

In reply I have the honor to state that I accept the propositions, and will cause to be delivered to the authorities of Mexico all persons who may have committed the crime of murder, arson, theft, robbery, cattle stealing, or petty larceny of the value of $25 or move in the Republic of Mexico and escaped therefor to the State of Texas upon the same being proved in accordance with the laws of this State.

With great respect, I remain, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

MILITARY COMMAND OF THE STATE OF TAMAULIPAS.

The citizen Albino Lopez, military commander of the State of Tamaulipas, and invested by her inhabitants with the political authority:

Paragraph I. No individual shall pass from the Mexican frontier who has not a passport issued by the respective military authority. This passport shall only serve for one time, for a stated number od days or perpetually; it being left to the judgment of such authorities to determine in each case the period for which the passport shall be given.

II. No person shall be permitted to pass the Mexican frontier who has not a passport from the authorities of the place from whence he proceeded.

III. all those on the Mexican lines who possess canoes, skiffs, boats (chalanes), or any other kind of means to cross the river,w ill procure a declaration from the respective local authorities, in which the number and class of the transports must be expressed.

IV. The local authorities will designate the places in their municipalities where the passage is permitted, and they will have control of the skiffs and other means of transport. All those who shall cross at other places than those designated by such authorities will lose the transports and incur a fine of from $5 to $20.

V. The individuals who pass from one side to the other will exhibit the passports referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 to the judicial employed or the commanding officers of the guards which may be established. Said commanders and judicial employes will be held responsible if they should neglect to carry out the provisions of this paragraph.

