
VI. Each individual who carries stock from the limits of the State of Tamaulipas to those of Texas shall procure a protection, issued by the civil authorities, in which the number, the name of the conductor or owner, the brand, ear-marks, the place from which he came, and his destination are designated. In the same manner the person bringing stock from the limits of the State of Texas to Tamaulipas shall be provided a like protection.

VII. The local authorities will designate the fords of the river at which the crossing of the stock must take place, and if it is passed over at other crossings than those named and established a fine of from $1 to $5 will be incurred.

VIII. It will not be permitted to inclose stock on any ranch except be previous permission from the judicial employee. To be allowed to dos o the protection mentioned in paragraph 6 must be first shown. The judicial officer who fails to enforce this provision incurs the responsibility.

IX. The civil and military authorities of Matamoras, Reynosa, Camargo, Mier, Guerrero, and Laredo, the judicial employs, the rural police, and the commanders of detachments will examine the before-mentioned protection of the drivers of stock passing though his respective jurisdiction, and in case it should not be exhibited they will give notice to the nearest civil or military authorities, who will investigate the state of the stock.

X. The civil and military authorities shall render an account to the military command of the state in conformity with the provisions provided for the carrying out of the commands of the foregoing paragraph.

XI. The fines which may be received on account of the violation of the command given by this order will be destined for public instruction.

Therefore I command its printing, publishing, and circulating for the fulfillment thereof.

A. LOPEZ.

JUAN PRADO,

Secretary.

SIGNAL CORPS,

Port Hudson, March 9, 1863.

GENERAL: The following dispatch is just received from our lowest post:

MARCH 8, 1863.

The late re-enforcements reported to have arrived at Baton Rouge are from Grosse Tete. Four thousand troops came to Baton Rouge last night morning. Eighth transports were chartered to bring more.

POST F.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

PAUL W. COLLNES,

Operator, Post A.
HEADQUARTERS,Port Hudson, La., March 10, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel GANTT,

Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that if the enemy advance toward Clinton, La., you will harass his flank and rear as much as possible and keep him well advised of the enemy's movements.

