
by keeping a small force in front to watch their movements closely. I have directed Major Garland in that event to be prepared to act in concert with you. I also send a letter to Major Garland which you will send to him.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

----

-----

,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS,Port Hudson, La., March 10, 1863.

Major GARLAND,

Commanding Cavalry:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding directs that in the event of the enemy's forward movement you will be prepare to act in concert with Colonel Gantt.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

----

-----

,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT TRANS-MISSISSIPPI, No. 3. Alexandria, La., March 10, 1863.

The following officers are announced upon the staff of the lieutenant-general commanding, viz:

Personal staff.-Captain J. G. Meem, jr., aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant E. Cunningham, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant E. Walworth, volunteer aide-de-camp.

Department staff.-Brigadier General W. R. Boggs, chief of staff; Captain J. F. Belton, assistant adjutant-general; Captain H. P. Pratt, assistant adjutant-general; Col. B. Allston, inspector-general; Major J. F. Minter, chief quartermaster; Major W. H. Thomas, chief of subsistence; Lieutenant Col. John A. Bown, chief of ordnance and artillery; Surg. S. A. Smith, medical director.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Jackson, March 11, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JONSTON,

Chattanooga:

General Gardner estimates enemy at Baton Rouge at least 30,000, preparing to advance at once. Small force advanced to the Comite. Essex left New Orleans Sunday. Farragut, with Hartford, Richmond, Monongahela, on Monday. all transports and all gunboats, except Pensacola and Genesee, gone up from New Orleans. One hundred and tenth New York Regiment when ordered to Berwick Bay mutinied.

I think there is no doubt of an immediate attack. Two dredging machines half way through canal at Vicksburg. I fear it will succeed in establishing a battery at Grand Gulf. River within 5 feet of high water mark last year; rising slowly. Enemy's gunboats and transports in Tallahatchie will probably attack our fort on Tallahatchie, 6

64 R R-VOL XV

