
miles above Greenwood, in a day or two. We have also cotton-clad steamboats in river.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

(Substance of this telegraphed from Chattanooga to General Cooper, March 13, 1863).
HEADQUARTERS,Port Hudson, La., March 11, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel GANTT,

Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me to suggest that you had better move your whole force toward the outposts, so as to harass the enemy as much as possible. This, however, is merely a suggestion, which you will act upon according to your own judgment.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

----

-----

,

Major-General.

Report of operations for the defense of Mobile, Ala., for the month of January, 1863.

ENGINEER BUREAU,

Mobile, Ala., March 11, 1863.

[Extracts.*]

Fort Morgan.-Laborers raising and resodding parapet; taking up railroad to Navy Cove and substituting wooden rails, the iron being required for floating battery under construction by Navy Department.

Lower obstructions.-Two steamers, each with a steam fire engine, have been engaged in planting four rows of heavy piles from the west bank toward Dauphin Island Spit. These piles are about 10 feet apart in all directions, are from 18 to 30 inches in diameter, and planted from 10 to 15 feet deep in the sand. They will be out off a foot below low water.

Probable operations of the month of February: Continuing the pile rows to Dauphin Island Spit.

Obstructions of main channel at Fort Morgan.-Owing to the depth of water at this point, the difficulty of procuring chains and anchors, the great specific gravity of the timber available, and the heavy swell and strong tide prevalent at the place it has been thought inexpedient to attempt the obstruction of the main ship channel.

Battery at Grant's Pass.-This battery month two 8-inch guns and one 32-pounder rifled. Magazine: Some repairs of magazine have been made during the month and a bomb proof store-house completed.

Battery at Choctaw Point Spit.-Under the orders of the commanding general a battery to mount four 10-inch guns in barbette has been begun in 6 feet of water at Choctaw Point Spit. In conjunction with floating batteries it will cover the outer obstructions at Dog River

---------------

*Minor details omitted.

---------------

