
a landing, but am prepared for it. I shall go down myself this morning. My opinion is that Colonel Davis came for his family, who have been in Matamoras for some time, and to take off the deserters and renegades, who number full 100 men.

A gentleman who left New York on the 12th ultimo reports to me that the feeling at the North is for peace, on the basis of reunion or subjugation, and that powerful fleets and armies were afloat for Charleston and Vicksburg. A report reached Havana on the 3rd instant from Key West that the enemy had been repulsed at Charleston. I send you New York dates to the 17th ultimo.

I am assured that carbines and pistols can be purchased in New York and shipped for Brownsville without trouble. I am offered (to arrive) 5,000 Colt's pistols at $25, navy size, and $30 army size. Shall I purchase them?

There is a fair supply of corn and flour in Matamoras, and if I had cotton, supplies for my troops could now be procured for six months. The specie fund I have keeps me command supplied; but with the proposed and necessary re-enforcements of Duff's battalion and the two regiments of cavalry cotton will be required.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

[MARCH 11, 1863.-For William Steele to E. Kirby Smith in reference to protection of northeastern frontier of Texas, see Series I, Vol. XXII.]

Report of operations for the defense of Mobile for the month of February, 1863.

ENGINEER OFFICE,

Mobile, Ala., March 15, 1863.

Col. J. F. GILMER,

Chief of Engineer Bureau, Richmond, Va.:

Fort Morgan.-Laborers and teamsters have been employed int taking up railroad to Navy Cove (the rails being wanted by Navy Department for a floating battery) and laying wooden one instead, driving piles for repairs of wharf, all of which has been completed. It is not expected that further operations will be required he in the month of March.

Fort Gaines.-Laborers and carts have been employed in embanking glacis of the north and west fronts, and this will be continued during the month of March. No other work of importance is required at this place.

Lower obstructions.-The planting of piles has been continue here and is essentially completed. They are yet to be cut off below low water, and this work will be begun in the month of March.

Battery at Grant's Pass.-Carpenters and laborers have been engaged in building a wharf 600 feet long for receipt of supplies, &amp;c., at this place. It is now available, but no yet finished. This work will be completed in the month of March.

Battery at Choctaw Point Spit.-Three-fourths of the crib-work inclosing

