
the am of this battery has been sunk and filled above high tide with earth. I shall recommend he suspension of this work, as it is doubtful whether guns can be had for it, and it is desirable to concentrate all the transportation available on the battery at the head of Apalachee Island.

Battery at Choctaw Point.-This battery is in good order.

Pinto Island Battery.-This battery is essentially completed.

Spanish River Battery.-Laborers have been employed in driving sheeting piles to sustain parapet for two exterior guns, transporting earth, and embanking parapet. This work will probably be finished in the month o March.

Inner line of obstructions at Choctaw Pass and Spanish River.-Laborers and pile-drives have been employed during the month in adding to the obstructions at this place and will be continued during the month of March.

The weather has been extremely unfavorable for all operations on the bay and harbor.

Apalachee Battery, at the fork of the Apalachee and Blakely Rivers, west side.-This battery is finished.

Battery at the head of Apalachee Island, between Apalachee and Blakely Rivers.-The ditch of this work has been excavated, the bomb-proof timbers erected, and a considerable part o the earthen embankments has been transported to and placed in the work. The site, being low and swampy, supplies very little. The work cannot be finished in the month of March, but it is hoped that the guns can be mounted.

Obstructions opposite the head of Apalachee Island.-Nothing has been done to this line during the month.

Obstructions of the Alabama River at Choctaw Bluff.-As already reported to the Engineer Bureau, a considerable part o the raft intended for the obstruction at this point has been carried away. I learn unofficially that the work has been upended by the State authorities and is not likely to be resumed. The Governor of the State expresses a desire to turn it over to the Confederate States. The river is now very high and probably 60 feet deep at Choctaw Bluff. With this depth and a rapid current it is not easy to find any solution of the problem in question.

Battery at Choctaw Bluff.-During the month a small force under Major Sheliha has been engaged in changing the position of some of the guns of this battery. The commanding general has also ordered some redoubts to be thrown up in rear for the protection of the place against land attack. These works are under construction and will be prosecuted during the month of March.

Owen Bluff, Tombigbee River.-Captain G. E. Walker, Provision Engineers, is charged with the obstructions at this place. His preparations are known to be well advanced, but no report of actual trail of the sawyers has yet been received.

The commanding general has ordered the construction o land defenses at this point also. For want of an adequate number of laborers the works have not yet been begun. The whole number of negroes now employed in the engineer service from the forts below to Choctaw and Owen Bluff, inclusive, is about 3,000.

General view of the defenses of Mobile.-It is obvious that the enemy may pass the lower forts and occupy the bay. Grant's Pass might then be attacked on both sides, east and west, or be blockaded to extremity. It is not likely that Forts Morgan and Gaines could endure a blockade of many months.

