
Bee will be of no avail of if the most ample protection is not afforded to these mexican (owners of the teams) and their servants or peons. I am not an advocate for martial law only in extreme cases and when the good of our whole Confederacy will be benefited by it. Should the commanding general of the District of Texas, Arizona, and New Mexico see fit to establish martial law in these counties I will visit them, and, if necessary, place a small force on the roads through those counties to protect the trains. I knew none but the general-in-chief of the district can establish martial law.

I reported in person to General Scurry on Saturday last. he informed me he had ordered Colonel Brown's battalion to the district under martial law.

I have just heard that the Germans in the upper part of this county and lower part of Austin have had a meeting an passed some revolutionary resolutions. I will visit the neighborhood of the meeting in a few days, and if true will see the leaders are arrested and punished, and on my return to this place will advise you of the state of things. I am, however, in hopes it may prove to have been only an innocent political meeting to nominate candidates.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY L. WEBB,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Port Hudson, La., March 19, 1863.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR,

Comdg. District of West Louisiana, Alexandria, La.:

GENERAL: I have just received your letter of yesterday's date,* and I sincerely regret that I have innocently interfered with important plans of yours. My mil here not being sufficient to keep up the supply of meal, even when we have corn enough, I deemed it essential to send the Nina Simms to Natchez after meal already collected. She returned here, but not in time to unload. I have another engine now, and, with the assistance I have received from you in corn, will keep me well going.

I sincerely hope the delay will not materially interfere with your plans and I wish you success.

Rumor from New Orleans, apparently reliable, states that the enemy has drawn off all his possible force of the attack on this place from the La Fourche as well as New Orleans. He has a strong force opposite me, but he cannot move westward or northwestward beyond this point on account of the water.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.

ENGINEER BUREAU,

Richmond, March 20, 1863.

General D. LEADBETTER,

In Charge of Defenses at Mobile:

GENERAL: I have to acknowledge the receipt of two letters of Col.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

