
and to the charge was sounded. The entire brigade advanced at a double-quick and in good order, notwithstanding the galling fire poured into our lines. The gallant Colonel Allen, whose bravery cannot be too much extolled, flew at the head of the men, flag in hand, on to the battery, and was soon in possession of its guns, surrounded by his men, while he right drove the infantry away by a destructive fire. Unfortunately Colonel Allen was wounded, and the shock was terrible among the men of the Fourth Regiment, whose confidence seemed to repose mainly on him, and they withdrew in disorder, bearing away their wounded chief. At a short distance I rallied them partially on the line formed by the regiment on the right of the brigade, but to no good, since enough could not gathered to push on our advantage.

Some time previous to this charge, as I infer from not seeing him in it, Col. S. Boyd had been wounded and removed from the field. His battalion, stripped of his influence, did not rally after the first charge on this property. Previous to this the troops had all behaved with great gallantry.

It now became that fatigue and thirst were overpowering our men. They could scarcely answer to the appeals made to them by courageous men, to whose names justice will be done by those who witnessed their conduct throughout, and which I cannot give, as I only saw them there for the first time.

At this time a second Federal battery entered the field and was opportunately met by a section of Captain Semmes' Confederate States battery. If affords me pleasure to bear testimony to the cool and effective response made by Captain Semmes and Lieutenant West, whom the Thirtieth and Fourth Louisiana Regiments fell back to support in this encounter. After a brief and quick fire of the opposing batteries it was found necessary to withdraw it and the infantry left with it. From this time there was no more fighting on the left. Coming into command of the brigade at the close of the battle and after it became disorganized, I am unable to give any particulars beyond those which refer to my regiment.

I cannot close, however, without bearing witness to the bravery and gallantry of Colonel Allen, so conspicuous to us all .

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GUS. A. BREAUX,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Lieutenant L. D. SANDIDGE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

No. 42. Report of Lieutenant Col. S. E. Hunter, Fourth Louisiana Infantry.

CAMP NEAR COMITE, August 7, 1862.

SIR: At 9 p.m. of the 4th instant, pursuant to orders, I marched the Fourth Louisiana Regiment, left in front, from this place in the direction of Baton Rouge.

Just before daylight I was ordered to halt in an open field. Only a few minutes elapsed before firing began between our pickets and those of the enemy. We were then ordered to fall back behind a hedge,

