
place from Brownsville and other places on the frontier with supplies for the Government and people in the counties of Lavaca and De Witt. I also recommended they be put under martial law and gave my reasons. As General Scurry informed me on Sunday last that he had ordered Brown's battalion into the four counties under martial law for my use and the use of the provost-marshals, I would respectfully suggest that if the general would rather not include those counties with the four now under martial law it would be well to order small detachments of men, under a prudent and discreet officer, to act as escort to Mexican trains passing through those counties, and also to protect the citizens against depredations by the Mexicans. I authorized Captain Garey to take two men from Captain Weyman's company as drivers. I inclose Captain Weyman's letter and orders. Please lay them before the commanding general.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY L. WEBB,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Port Hudson, La., March 21, 1863.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR,

Comdg. District of West Louisiana, Alexandria, La.:

GENERAL: The enemy have gone back to Baton Rouge on this side of the river, although they have a considerable force just below here on the west side. This latter force is entirely water-bound, and will not be able to effect anything. I think they have given up an attack by land forces on this point, at least for the present. It is probable they may make another expedition up Grose Tete, and also down the La Fourche. I will keep you informed of all movements I can ascertain.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.

ALEXANDRIA, March 21, 1863.

Lieutenant Col. W. S. LOVELL,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of March 16. The major-general commanding objects to furnishing corn from the river parishes alluded to by you, for the reason that all the forage in that district of country is or will be need by our own cavalry operating in those parishes. It is at the present time impossible to obtain forage for these troops elsewhere than immediately on the river. Large quantities of corn have been and are continuing to be forwarded to Port Hudson. Our own depots have been drained to thrown supplies into Mississippi as long as the river remains clear or whenever an opportunity offers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

