
your left. The general thinks that you had better move your cam nearer that direction.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. FRIEND WILLSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, March 26, 1863.

General GARDNER,

Port Hudson:

I have no cavalry to send you. Two cavalry companies stationed at

Brookhaven have been en to re-enforce Colonel Miller against the enemy at Ponchatoula. When this raid is over you can order them to Port Hudson, if necessary.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST FLORIDA,Jackson, Miss., March 26, 1863.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR,

Commanding, &amp;c., Alexandria, La.:

GENERAL: I ma directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your not of the 14th instant per Mr. Elder, and to say in reply that the guns to which you refer (a 32 rifle gun and a 30-pounder Parrott) are now mounted and in position, one on the Upper Yazoo River. At this moment, while the enemy are assaulting us in great force in front and both flanks, he regrets that he cannot feel justified in acceding to your demands, but will do so at the first moment it can be safely complied with. He has the authority of Lieutenant-General Smith for retaining them until the present threatening emergency shall have passed away.

I am instructed to say also that the lieutenant-general has sent some light breech-loading pieces to Port Hudson, which Major-General Gardner has instructions to turn over to you. Thinking that you may need projectiles for the 9 to 11 inch columbiads taken from the Indianola, Mr. Elder has been sent to Vicksburg, where Major-General Stevenson has ordered to turn over to him a large lot of 9 to 11 inch shot and shell, which will render your guns much more effective than those detained here.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. MCCARDLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Fort Brown, March 26, 1863.

Major A. G. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Antonio, Tex.:

SIR: I inclose the last communication received from Governor Lopez, in which the general commanding will see that matters have quieted down and triendly relations are again established. I have ordered the

