
purchase of all shorts of supplies that could be brought on the faith of the Government, as I feared a decree of non-intercourse from the city of Mexico. It is probable now that the local authorities will not enforce it.

I trust that you have received the many dispatches that I have sent, for I have promptly kept you informed of passing events.

New Orleans dates to to the 17th. The destruction of the Mississippi by the Port Hudson batteries is confirmed. The fight was said to have commenced at Port Hudson. Gold had declined to 152 in New York. The French had bombarded Pueblo on the 13th and cut off communication with the city of Mexico.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

It is reported that Stonewall Jackson is at Camp Moore with 20,000 men to attack New Orleans. (Doubtful.)

BEE.

[Inclosure.]

MIL. COMMANDANCY STATE OF TAMAULIPAS, WAR DEPT.,

March 23, 1863.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE,

Comdg. Western Sub-District of Texas:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 22nd instant, informing me that you referred the matter of the schooner Pinckeny and cargo to the civil tribunal for adjudication. For the present I refrain from expressing my opinion whether the question in controversy is a judicial one or not, as I am not yet advised of the result of an investigation ordered in the matter, which, when obtained, I shall have the honor to communicate to you.

The statement made to you concerning the fears which are entertained of disturbances at the mouth of the river was the natural consequence of the vacillating character of the relations of both frontiers.

In justice to you allow me to state that I have never doubted the lealty and good faith of all your actions. I regret that you ever believed for a moment that I did not appreciate your motive in releasing Colonel Davis and the other persons captured with him at the mouth of the river. I understand perfectly well the delicacy of the duty you had to perform, the situation you were placed in, and the national feeling, which was naturally in favor of your supporting the transaction. I has made your conduct in the matter the more eminent. I judge then the renditions of said individuals from your point of view, and consider this step as a proof of the most sincere desire to maintain the good understanding between the two frontiers. The same desires impelled me to make the communication of the 21st instant. I am not ignorant of the sentiments which animate you; but I am certainly also away that you are in the midst of delicate circumstances, which may render the information the authorities of Tamaulipas can give you not useless. The dangers which the unstable condition prevailing on the frontier might originate could not be avoided without acting very prudently; and only the combined strength of the authorities of both nations could accomplish the desired result. Viewing it from this point, I have believed it to be my duty to make you acquainted with the existing fears, but

65 R R-VOL XV

