
since you inform me that they are unfounded apprehensions I trust completely in your statement.

The demonstration made by a few individuals in the streets of this city, about which you naturally complain, are explained by the incidents which occurred on the 15th, in consequence of which the passions and the national pride were excited, which could not be stopped until the excitement subsided.

The transgression committed by Zapata is of a different nature from the one which happened at the mouth of the river. Zapata and a part of his followers were citizens of Texas, who field from Texas on account of political questions, and the rest of his gang consisted of outlaws, who were not only not protected by the Mexican authorities, but were even condemned and their arrest sought. There existed no tie between them and the Mexican Republic, neither on account of their nativity nor any other claims, and consequently the attack upon the State of Texas could not be considered as emanating from he authorities of Mexico; but in the transgressions at the mouth of the river occurred a circumstance which has produced much alarm and roused up great fear. The troops which crossed the river were in the service of Texas, and it was naturally considered as a hostile act against the Mexican frontier. It is easy to suppose that the suppose that the consequences of such a belief could not be of pacific character. The alarm which was cause produced a deep excitement, which did not case until the alarm abated. But something occurred which prevented the renewal of confidence. It was the hostile declarations made by the troops of the detachment on the Texas line of the mouth of the river. The soldiers discharge their arms several times, hitting once one of the Mexican laborers. Incidents of this nature keep up the agitation and give room for the statements of which you complain-statements which I condemn, being convinced that the chief authorities of Texas have already repudiated them.

Let us look at a similar case under invert circumstances. If Mexican forces should have crossed the river you would, in accordance with your clear judgment and knowledge of both frontiers, make them understand the grave consequences of their proceedings. If you consider the past events you will admit that Mexico has assumed no hostile attitude, nor have the Mexican authorities caused any distrust by independent transgressions, which I hope will terminate through the efforts of their authorities agreeable to the interests of both lines.

Accept the assurances of my esteem and consideration.

Liberty and reform. Heroic Matamoras.

A. LOPEZ.

JACKSON, March 27, 1863.

Major General FRANK. GARDNER,

Port Hudson:

Am informed Point Coupee is invaded to rob and plant batteries to cut off supplies. If you have transportation and can throw over a force sufficient to defeat enemy's movements you will be authorized to do so, but unless you feel able to drive him back the movement should not be made.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

