
where we remained a very short while, when we recrossed the hedge and marched by the left flank through a narrow strip of woods to a field inclosed by a thick and impassable hedge-fence. Here we formed our line of battle and were joined by the remainder of the brigade. The word forward was given, and all moved off in gallant style. We had not proceeded for when we received a desultory fire from the enemy, which was promptly and effectually returned, causing the enemy to retire. The advance continued with occasional firing until we reached an open field on our left. Here the enemy was discovered in considerable force in front and to the left. We were marched by the left flank until our brigade had nearly cleared the woods, when we filled to the left. The Fourth Louisiana had thus filed, expecting to meet the enemy at right angles to our original line, when a battery opened on us to our right and in front of the original line. The order was given to charge this battery, which was done in gallant style, the brigade, being in sort of a wedge shape, gradually assuming a line as it approached the battery. A heavy and galling fire was kept up on us by the enemy, who were concealed in the rear of the battery. When within a few paces of the guns of the enemy Colonel Allen, who was in front, bearing the colors of one battalion of the brigade, was severely wounded and fell from his horse. Seeing him fall, the line faltered and finally gave way, the troops on the right and center giving way first. The brigade retired in confusion across the field through which it had so gallantly advanced. Here, after some little delay, my regiment was reformed and remained so for some time. No order to advance was given. A section of Semmes' battery came up and prepared for action on our right and the right of the brigade. We were ordered to form in its rear to support it. After great exertion a line was partially formed, but at this point the enemy's artillery opened on us at short range. The right again gave way, followed rapidly by the whole line. The troops, exhausted by fatigue and crying for water, were thrown in utter confusion, and all attempts to rally them were fruitless. From this time no more fighting was done by our brigade.

I would not close this report without mentioning among the names of those among my officers who were conspicuous for gallantry on the field Lieutenant Corkern, who was in command of Company B, Lieutenant Jeter, of Company F, Sergt. Major B. S. Daniels, and Adjutant Clark. I hear of others who distinguished themselves, but only these came under my special observation.

Respectfully submitted.

S. E. HUNTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fourth Louisiana.

Col. G. A. BREAUX.

No. 43. Report of Col. Gustavus A. Breaux, Thirtieth Louisiana Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTIETH LOUISIANA (SUMTER) REGIMENT,In Camp, near Comite River, La., --, -, 1862.

SIR: For the action of my regiment in general during the battle of August 5, at Baton Rouge, I beg to refer you to the report circumstances have compelled me to make in the stead of Colonel Allen.

