
Abstract from Returns of the District of Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona, commanded by Major General J. B. Magruder, for March, 1863 (headquarters Houston, Tex.).

Present for duty.

Commanding officer.	 Troops.	 Officers.	 Men.

Brigadier General H. P.	 Western Sub-	 181	 2,350

Bee.	 District of

 Texas.

Brigadier General W. R.	 Eastern Sub-	 234	 3,717

Scurry.	 District of

 Texas.

Grand total.	 ...	 415	 6,067

Pieces of artillery.

Commanding officer.	 Heavy	 Field	 Mounta	 Aggre-	 Aggre-

 	 	 in.	 gate	 gate

 	 	 	 present	 present

 	 	 	 	 and

 	 	 	 	 absent.

Brigadier General H. P.	 9	 17	 1	 3,041	 4,693

Bee.

Brigadier General W. R.	 ...	 ...	 ...	 4,769	 7,200

Scurry.

Grand total.	 9	 17	 1	 7,810	 11,893

NOTE FROM RETURN.-No returns received from five regiments cavalry; supposed aggregate 3,500.
HEADQUARTERS,San Antonio, April 1, 1863.

General SCURRY,

Commanding Eastern Sub-District Texas:

SIR: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to inform you that Colonel Bradfute, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, has been assigned to stretch across the Indian frontier from Montgomery County to Fort Clark. The Frontier Regiment of State troops will be supplied in every respect by the State of Texas, inasmuch as it was accepted into the Confederate States service upon this consideration until the action of His Excellency President Davis is made known to these headquarters.

The general directs that you confer with Governor Lubbock and Colonel Bradfute, who has been ordered to report to you for the above duty, and proceed to carry out the orders given in regard to this regiment and Gould's or Stone's, as you may select.

These troops are by the general orders assigned to Colonel Bradfute, who will receive special instructions from you.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. TURNER.

ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

Glaveston, April 1, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Antonio, Tex.:

CAPTAIN: I respectfully acknowledge the receipt of a copy of instructions addressed to Brigadier-General Scurry in reference to a contemplated attack on the Brooklyn. In connection with it I respectfully suggest that the Harriet Lane be sent after the 15th instant (when I expect to have the Fort Point Battery in working order) to Galveston, to be anchored in the necessary depth of water near the head of Pelican

---------------

*Some matters of detail here omitted.

---------------

