
officer to make requisition for enough ammunition to supply 200 rounds to each gun. More than this cannot to spared at present; but should our receipt justify a larger quantity your necessities will not be over looked.

Your obedient servant,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, April 4, 1863.

General S. B. BUCKNER,

Mobile, Ala.:

If your force enter Pensacola respect and protect the gentleman acting as Spanish consul, Francesco Moreno, as also all others of loyal feelings who through weakness may have been betrayed into concessions.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

PORT HUDSON, April. 5, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

I can spare Buford's two regiments at this time as well as Rust's, but neither, should Banks advance his whole force. He has withdrawn two divisions from Baton Rouge. Shall I order these regiments when wagons return from Clinton?

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.

PORT HUDSON, April 5, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

I have transferred the two Kentucky regiments from Buford's to Rust's brigade. All start this morning. Strength present, 3,500 officers and men.

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT TRANS-MISSISSIPPI,Alexandria, La., April 5, 1863.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Houston, Tex.:

GENERAL: Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith, on his way from Little Rock, was informed that an expedition was being fitted out for Arizona under your direction. I am instructed to say that great as in his desire to aid the patriotic people of that district the exigencies of the service will not permit the withdrawal of any part of our forces from points more exposed to the approach of the enemy, West Louisiana and Arkansas being now threatened and your own district likely to be subjected to invasion at any moment should its army be weakened. The general commanding therefore hopes that if a movement into Arizona should have been contemplated you will promptly check it, as it cannot under existing circumstances be authorized.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

