
For troops who had never been under fire before the Thirteenth Louisiana acted with great bravery and gallantry. Conspicuous among the officers who distinguished themselves I take pleasure in mentioning Captain Trepagnier, who lost his life in all probability, and Lieutenant Dapremont, of Picket Cadets, who was also wounded. I have the satisfaction of stating that men and officers were zealous in their efforts to beat off a superior force. The regiment throughout rallied and presented a good line whenever called on. After the partial disorganization of the brigade, which the loss of its commander temporarily produced, and when it became evident that the left must fall back, this regiment did so in an orderly manner and under orders.

Very respectfully,

GUS. A. BREAUX,

Colonel, Commanding Thirteenth Louisiana Regiment.

Lieutenant L. D. SANDIDGE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 44. Report of Lieutenant Col. T. Shield, Thirteenth Louisiana Infantry.

IN THE FIELD, August 7, 1862.

SIR: For the information of General Ruggles, commanding Second Division, I beg leave to make the following report of the operations of the detachment under my command in the battle of Baton Rouge:

In obedience to orders I proceeded with a section of Semmes' Confederate States Artillery, under command of T. K. Fauntleroy; two companies of infantry, Company E, Sumter (Thirteenth Louisiana) Regiment, Captain Roger T. Boyle; Beaver Creek Rifles, Captain Amacker, and one company mounted Partisan Rangers, Captain A. C. Bickman-the whole numbering about 150 rank and file-at about 4.30 p.m. of the 4th instant, to take position on the Clinton plank road, there to engage the enemy, supposed to be posted with battery of artillery at the junction of that the Bayou Sara road.

After a fatiguing night's march we reached the desired point just at dawn of day of the 5th instant, prepared to execute orders at the given signal-the firing of small-arms by the main body on my left. Exactly at 4.30 a.m., the sound of musketry being distinctly audible, I ordered the advance at double-quick of the entire command, having previously dismounted the Rangers with a view to greater efficiency. The enemy's picket fled precipitately on our approach, leaving accouterments and equipments hanging to the posts and walls of the house where they were stationed and on the trees immediately around it, and sought shelter in the wood to the right of the Bayou Sara road, gaining which they fired one feeble volley, but immediately retreated in confusion in the direction of the Arsenal. The infantry was now posted in a corn field on the right of a street leading to a Federal camp, with instructions to advance slowly in support of the artillery, which was placed at the same time in raking position at the head of the same street. The enemy here appeared in force, two regiments of infantry disputing our farther advance. The artillery opening obliquely on the camp enabled us, by its well-directed fire, to advance within 250 feet of the camp of the Fourteenth Maine Regiment (judged to be so by papers, &amp;c., found subsequently

