
JACKSON, April 17, 1863.

Captain E. POWELL,

Assistant Quartermaster, Natchez:

Forward the following to Lieutenant-General Smith or Major-General Taylor, viz:

For the want of necessary transportation I cannot operate effectually on the west side of the river. The enemy is now in force at New Carthage and Richmond, and i beg your attention to this.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

MIL. COMMANDANCY STATE OF TAMAULIPAS, WAR DEPT.,

Matamoras, April 17, 1863.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE:

The authorities of the line of Mier transmitted to me copies of communications which I have the honor herewith to inclose you.

They refer to some acts of Captain Santos Benavides which are not in conformity with the ratified agreement between the authorities of both States, and which in fact virtually destroy the same. Said others were issued in consequence of an affair which occurred recently.

Captain Santos Benavides gave notice that he should cross the river for the purpose of following the tracks of some stole cattle, and he actually proceeded toward Guerrero. The commander of that town answered him that he would immediately dispatch a force to pursue the malefactors, upon which he received a note from Captain Benavides stating that he had arrived at the edge of town and that he intended to enter it. This could not be permitted, a sit was not in conformity with the agreement.

The pursuit could have been made by the Mexican authorities if the delinquents had actually entered Guerrero, in which case the object and reasons of the agreement would have ceased, there being no necessity for it.

Not only is this pretension contrary to its spirit, but also to its letter. It stipulates that only in cases of absolute necessity the Texas troops should pursue the evil-doers into the territory of the Republic, and as absolute necessity existed, inasmuch as the Mexican authorities had commenced to exercise their official duties, Captain Benavides should have limited himself to giving information in order to institute the necessary investigation.

Notwithstanding these strong considerations, the authorities of Guerrero, actuated by a principle of good feeling, would have admitted sad captain into the town if reasons of another character had not existed. The incident which occurred at Monterey and Laredo last month kept up a deep district against him-a district which has some real foundation.

It is painful to me to revert to the pass, as I accepted the explanations of Captain Benavides as valid, if a new and disagreeable occurrence which took place had not called it to my recollection.

The occurrences at Laredo have created the utmost want of confidence in the towns, because they were actually contrary to the agreement, and however much Santos Benavides may disguise them, they

