
were a violation against the Mexican authorities. this cause, together with the pretensions, justified the answer of the officials of Guerrero.

On the day when Santos Benavides considered the agreement broken, by which he exceeded without a doubt his authority, his troops crossed the river in pursuit of other malefactors. No notice preceded that act, nor were the reasons for crossing the river afterward communicated to the authorities of the Republic. I can only explain proceedings so contradictory in themselves as the result of a confirmed purpose on the part of Santos Benavides to fulfill the agreement whenever he finds it convenient or to violate it without pretext or motive.

From the moment it should be disregarded the Mexican authorities would consider themselves relieved from its fulfillment, because otherwise the complications which were intended to be obviated would not be terminated, but, on the contrary, increased.

I confide as every in your determination to maintain harmony between both frontiers, and hope that you will give orders to avoid the difficulties which have been reproduced. For my part I have proceeded in this spirit by giving such orders as I judged proper.

Please accept the assurance of my regard and consideration.

Liberty and reform.

A. LOPEZ.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT TRANS-MISSISSIPPI,Alexandria, La., April 18, 1863.

(Received Richmond April 20.)

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

General Banks has concentrated a large force at Berwick Bay. Taylor engaged him 11th, 12th, and 14th. Has fallen back before superior numbers to New Iberia.

McClernand is advancing in Northern Louisiana along the Macon and Tensas with a heavy column. The attack on Port hudson and Vicksburg seems to have been abandoned; if so, re-enforcements should be promptly sent to General Taylor from across the Mississippi. the State is threatened with conquest by the overwhelming force of the enemy.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

JACKSON, MISS., April 18, 1863.

Lieutenant General E. KIRBY SMITH or Major General RICHARD TAYLOR:

The enemy ar cutting a passage from near Young's Point to Bayou Vidal to reach the Mississippi River near New Carthage. Without co-operation it is impossible to oppose him.

Inform me what action you intend to take.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

(Sent through Captain E. Powell, Natchez.)

