HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT TRANS-MISSISSIPPI,Alexandria, La., April 19, 1863.

Lieutenant General T. H. HOLMES,

Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: I send you the following information, received this morning from scouting parties:

From papers taken on the captives and from the citizens we removed we learned that we were in 4 miles of a division of the enemy. * * * The enemy are re-enforcing on the other side of Bayou Vidal daily. They are building boats at every place they can find lumber, and two steamboat loads of yawls and skiffs have been brought down the Mississippi River to this place, thus enabling them in a short time to overrun this entire country, &amp;c.

General Smith apprehends that if the enemy should reach Monroe they may be steamers make a raid to destroy the depot at Camden, and desires that you will, would you receive information of the advance of the enemy on Monroe, send a portion of your force to protect that depot.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT TRANS-MISSISSIPPI,Alexandria, La., April 19, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Jackson, Miss.:

GENERAL: General Taylor has been forced by overwhelming numbers of the enemy, now supposed to be Banks' whole army, to fall back to Opelousas. He will endeavor to hold them in check near that place, but unless promptly re-enforced cannot prevent their advance upon Alexandria.

As Port Hudson is no longer threatened, cannot your order troops from that point to Taylor's aid? It is necessary that this re-enforcement to be effectual should be promptly made.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT TRANS-MISSISSIPPI,Alexandria, La., April 19, 1863.

COMDG. OFFICER SECOND BRIGADE TEXAS VOLUNTEERS,

On Red River, near Mill Creek:

SIR: You will immediately proceed with the troops under you command to Alexandria via Shreveport, the quartermaster at which place has been instructed to furnish transportation for you.

It is of the utmost importance that this movement be made with great celerity, as the troops are needed to oppose the advance of the enemy into Texas, and the commanding general trust that no time will be lost in putting your command in motion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

