
forces from the vicinity of the coast and are advancing toward the interior of Western Louisiana.

Presuming that Major-General magruder is temporarily absent from Houston, Lieutenant-General Smith directs that you will concentrate all the available force within your reach at or near Noblett's Bluf, on the Sabine. You will also concentrate supplies and transportation for any prompt movement. This movement is in anticipation of either an advance of the enemy on Texas or for the purpose of concentrating with the force now on the way from the northern portion of the department to resist any movement of the enemy. The efficacy of this movement will depend entirely upon the promptness with which you can assemble your forces.

I remain, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT TRANS-MISSISSIPPI,Alexandria, La., April 20, 1863.

Major-General WALKER:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Smith directs that you leave one regiment at Monroe and proceed with the rest of your command to this place. Should the enemy blockade the mouth of Black River you will proceed overland from Harrisburg. Communication will be established with the mouth of Black River and Harrisburg in time to give you the necessary information.

I remain, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 96. Richmond, April 20, 1863.

* * * *

XVI. Brigadier General F. A. Shoup will proceed without delay to Mobile, Ala., and relieve Brigadier General J. E. Slaughter, chief of artillery of General S. B. Buckner's command.

Brigadier-General Slaughter, on being relieved, will proceed without delay to Galveston, Tex., and report to Major General J. B. Magruder, commanding, as chief of artillery of his command, reporting to General E. K. Smith at Alexandria. La.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT TRANS-MISSISSIPPI, No. 5. Alexandria, La., April 20, 1863.

I. The following officers are announced upon the staff of the commanding general:

Col. Duncan Cage, volunteer aide-de-camp.

First Lieutenant J. Compton French, volunteer aide-de-camp.

