
in the tents.) Again opening a rapid fire of artillery in the direction of this camp we maintained our position until the infantry support before the overwhelming numbers of the enemy were compelled to fall back, and some four horses of the section becoming unmanageable and unserviceable from wounds received, I consented to the withdrawal of the section to the junction of the roads above-mentioned, there to await re-enforcement from the main body, then seen to be advancing in our direction. In this new position we were unfortunately taken for the enemy and fired upon, but luckily without casualty of any kind. Disengaging the disabled horses and supplying their places with others the section was again placed in position, where it was kept until the termination of the engagement. The infantry force of my command was attacked by order to the Twenty-second Mississippi Regiment on the arrival of that regiment on the field, leaving me with the artillery, where I remained until retired by one of the staff of Major-General Breckinridge upon the withdrawal of the army.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of the men of the command, artillery infantry, and beg to commend to favorable notice the officers of Company E, Sumter Regiment (Thirtieth Louisiana), Captain Boyle, and Lieuts. H. C. Wright, D. C. Byerly, and W. B. Chippendale, for gallant behavior. To Lieutenant T. K. Fauntleroy, commanding section of artillery, I am indebted for valuable services, his conduct throughout being marked with coolness and decision and worthy the highest praise. His artillery, as efficient as it was, would have been more so but for the inferiority of the friction primers, nine out of ten of which proving worthless, rendering the working of the pieces at times difficult and unsatisfactory.

Of the casualties I have to mention the following: In the Beaver Creek Rifles, Lieutenant Amacker, wounded in the shoulder severely; Sergeant Wilson, hand, slightly; Private J. L. Perryman, back, dangerously. In Fauntleroy's section artillery, Sergeant Bellam, severely wounded, and 4 horses killed.

In confusion, I have to state that my object was to obey to the letter the instructions received, and every effort was made on my part to that end, and but for the inadequacy of my force I believe more important results could have been obtained. I hope what we have been able to accomplish may meet the approval of the general commanding.

Respectfully submitted.

THOS. SHIELDS,

Lieutenant Col. Sumter (Thirtieth La.) Regt., Comdg. Detachment.

Lieutenant L. D. SANDIDGE, C. S. A,

Acting Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

No. 45. Report of Captain Thomas Bynum, Boyd's Battalion, Stewart's Legion.
HDQRS. BATTALION INFANTRY STEWART'S LEGION,Comite Bridge, La., August 8, 1862.

SIR: I herewith submit report of participation of this battalion, under command of Lieutenant Col. Samuel Boyd, in the action of the 5th instant:

Its force consisted of the following: One field, 3 staff, 9 company officers, and 190 enlisted men. They composed the center of Colonel

