
withdraw 4,000 troops from Port Hudson, and could not therefore possibly send any forces from that point, severely threatened as it now is.

If you purpose making an attempt against the city, referred to in your letter, inform me of your intention, and I will endeavor to co-operate from this side, but deem the risk too great to justify my advance alone on this point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

(Through Captain E. Powell, assistant quartermaster, Natchez, Miss.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT TRANS-MISSISSIPPI,Alexandria, La., April 22, 1863.

Lieutenant General T. H. HOLMES,

Little Rock, Ark.:

General Banks, with an overwhelming force, is near Alexandria, and this whole country will probably fall into his hands. General Taylor's force will move to Shreveport. The Ouachita will be the base of operations. McClernand is moving down from Richmond and New Carthage. The possession of the Ouachita and Black Rivers is doubtful. You will have to look to your supplies at Camden; also to send all steamboats as far up as possible. The battery at Harrisburg cannot hold out long. The following dispatch just receive, viz:

The enemy is organizing a force at New Carthage, probably to move up Red River. Nine gunboats, two transports, and one tug; with Farragut's, will have twelve gunboats. It is important that no transports should fall into his hands.

General Smith moves his headquarters to Shreveport and desires that you will give you personal attention to the above, as he will be too far away.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT TRANS-MISSISSIPPI,Alexandria, La., April 22, 1863. (Received April 29.)

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding, &c., Jackson, Miss.:

GENERAL: The enemy are advancing rapidly upon Alexandria. Taylor is left with but a handful of men, and I have no hope of re-enforcements reaching us in time to check him. Butte-a-la-Rose is in his possession, and this opens the Atchafalaya and passage for his gunboats from the Gulf to the Red and Mississippi Rivers, though I am not officially informed of any having passed up. Our boats Queen of the West and Diana were lost in Taylor's operations in Grand Lake, and we are consequently without means of preventing his occupation of this district.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

