HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT TRANS-MISSISSIPPI,Alexandria, La., April 22, 1863.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Smith directs me to give you the following information, viz:

All the available force in Eastern Texas has been ordered to concentrate at Niblett's Bluff. A brigade has been ordered down from the Upper Red River. Major-General Walker's division has been ordered from Arkansas. These troops to begin to arrive about the last of this week or the first of next.

The general is of the opinion that if a portion of the force pursuing you should move against Fort De Russy by the road from Hauffpaur it will be impossible to hold it. If you are of the same opinion he desires that you will give the necessary information of the movements of the enemy to the commanding officer of that fort to enable him to move the guns. Instructions have been sent to the fort to have everything in readiness for such an emergency.

General Smith does not desire to abandon Fort De Russy if it can be held. Your instructions to the commanding officer will govern his actions.

All the public property and founder have been placed on board steamers ready to start if necessary. The general would be glad to hear from you frequently, even should there be no important information.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT TRANS-MISSISSIPPI,Alexandria, La., April 22, 1862.

Major General J. G. WALKER, Camden, Ark.:

Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith directs that immediately upon your arrival at Camden you will march with your command across the country to Shreveport, La.

The general further directs that you bring with you all your transportation and collect as many wagons as possible in the vicinity of Camden, loading them with provisions and forage for the command on the march .

I before receiving this order you have proceeded to Monroe you will return to Camden, and move from that point, as above directed.

Respectfully,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Fort Brown, April 22, 1863.

His Excellency ALBINO LOPEZ,

Governor of the State of Tamaulipas:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 17th instant, with its inclosures.

Herewith I transmit a certified copy of a letter just received from

