
shall be done with her? I will place a trusty officer in charge of her. Might she not be sent out with a load of cotton and sold in a Spanish port and purchase made of an effective war vessel?

Since the above orders were issued Major Watkins has informed me that he received a dispatch from General Smith calling for all of the disposable force here; consequently I have ordered forward to the Sabine River the following regiments: Stone's Phillips', Baylor's, and Gurley's. Gould's will be ordered to-morrow. I will urge forward these troops to the Sabine River, instructing the colonels to send couriers forward to General Smith as to what direction they should approach the scene of operations.

The Harriet Lane not been fitted up as you directed, in consequence of Captain Barney declining to co-operate with me. I am satisfied that the dispatches from Alexandria, La., are to a great extent exaggerated.

Inclosed please find dispatches from Major McKee, correcting the report of the loss of the Queen of the West.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. SCURRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT TRANS-MISSISSIPPI,Alexandria, La., April 24, 1863.

Lieutenant General T. H. HOLMES, Little Rock:

GENERAL: The enemy, with his whole force, is now within a day's march of this point. The Red River is in his possession.

General Taylor, with his small force, is retreating toward Natchitoches and Shreveport. I myself am on my way to Shreveport, and you will have to make your own arrangements for the protection of property and disposition for the defense of the Ouachita and Upper Black Rivers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT TRANS-MISSISSIPPI, No. 6. Alexandria, La., April 24, 1863.

I. Until further orders the headquarters of the Department of Trans-Mississippi are removed to Shreveport, La.

Commanders of district will make their returns accordingly.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

H. P. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EASTERN SUB-DIST. OF TEXAS, No. 67. Houston, April 24, 1863.

* * * * *

II. The officer in command of Stone's regiment Partisan Rangers

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

