
will immediately with that regiment take up his line of march for Louisiana, via Crockett, Nacogdoches, and San Augustine. On approaching the Sabine River he will send forward to Alexandria to report to Lieutenant General Kirby Smith for orders.

* * * * *

V. The officer in command of Phillips' regiment, Arizona Brigade, will immediately with that regiment take up his line of march for Louisiana, via Crockett, Nacogdoches, and San Augustine. On approaching the Sabine River he will send forward to Alexandria couriers to report to Lieutenant General Kirby Smith for orders.

* * * * *

VI. The officer in command of Gurley's regiment (Thirtieth Texas Cavalry) will with that regiment immediately take up the line of march for Louisiana, via Columbus, San Felipe, Cypress City, and Liberty, and passing through Jasper County. On approaching the Sabine River he will send forward an express to Lieutenant General Kirby Smith at Alexandria, or wherever he may be, to report and for orders and instructions how to proceed.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Scurry, commanding, &amp;c.,

ALBERT N. MILLS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MONROE, LA., April 25, 1863.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS, Chief of Staff:

MY DEAR GENERAL: The latest dispatch from Lieutenant-General Holmes is that General Walker will march his division directly to this place; upon the strength of which I have ordered all the boats, some twelve in number, to return immediately to Monroe, to prepare for their transportation. Two Yankee deserters came in this morning from Richmond, La., and report the enemy in force at that point, but intending to march directly to attack Port Hudson. General Hebert is stirring things up very much. Nothing of interest to communicate. We have heard nothing from you since I left. I propose, if Red River is blockaded and you continue in possession of Alexandria, to run the troops into Little River, to within 17 miles of Alexandria, and embark them. Does this meet you approval? Please write to me. I am in a terrible state of "expense."

Very truly, &c.,

CHAS. V. COSBY.

JACKSON, April 26, 1863.

General GARDNER, Port Hudson:

One hundred and eighty-thousand pounds of bacon and 2,000 bushels of corn en route for Port Hudson.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, April 27, 1863.

Major-General BUCKNER, Mobile, Ala.:

Turn over your command to the next ranking officer and proceed as

