
and made them our enemies. It has proved useless wherever enforced in this portion of Texas, and in the exercise of my best judgment I have sought other means of enlisting the services and sympathies of this people, who are useful to us and would be dangerous against us.

I first availed myself of the proclamation of the Governor of the State of Texas calling out the militia for a limited service to call out the companies on the Rio Grande for four-months' service. This was responded to, and the companies of Captains Thomas, Spencer, and Justo Treveno were mustered into the service of the Confederacy for four months. The companies are composed of Mexican citizens and have performed their duty to my satisfaction.

Since the establishment of headquarters at this place I have initiated a course of policy toward the Mexicans on this frontier by which I seek to protect them in their rights and immunities as citizens and thereby attach them to our cause. A registry of their names and property has been made, and to all who were known to be loyal certificates of protection have been given. I have also called on those who were willing to respond to my call for personal service, should the enemy land on this coast, to enroll themselves and furnish a list of their arms and whether mounted or not. This plan is meeting with success, and I hope for a valuable auxiliary force in such contingency.

In further prosecution of my policy on this line I respectfully request that the major-general commanding will sanction the organization of two companies of Mexican citizens to serve during the war, to be composed of those living on this river. Their services will be needed to enforce the police of the river, and will enable me to bring back to Wood's regiment the three companies of cavalry now stationed at Ringgold Barracks.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT TRANS-MISSISSIPPI,Shreveport, La., April 28, 1863.

COMDG. OFFICER SUB-DIST. EASTERN TEXAS,

Houston, Tex.:

SIR: I am directed by Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith to say that you will order the following commands to proceed without delay to Niblett's Bluff and await orders, viz: Arizona Brigade, Colonel Gould's regiment, Colonel De Morse's regiment.

The general further directs that these commands bring with them all the transportation possible, and if it can procured in no order way you are authorized to impress it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WALKER'S DIVISION,Near Monticello, April 28, 1863.

Brigadier General P. O. HEBERT, Monroe, La.:

GENERAL: I have this minute received the dispatches of General

67 R R-VOL XV

