
Boggs forwarded by you. It is impossible for me to reach Camden in any reasonable time, owing to the swollen condition of the streams, particularly the Sabine and Moro. On that account this route was adopted, and for the same cause will have to be adhered to or wait indefinitely for the shelling of the streams. As it is still raining this would be a question of weeks, not days. I have therefore, determined to pursue this route far enough to get below the mouth of the Saline, crossing the Ouachita at a place called Marie Saline, and go thence to Shreveport via El Dorado. I shall rely upon you, general, to keep me informed by courier of the movements of the enemy that may affect my movements. My progress is distressingly slow, in consequence of the execrable condition of the roads, but I shall lose no time.

As this note, I believe, explains more fully the reasons for taking this course than that I send with it, addressed to Brigadier-General Boggs, I will be obliged to you if you will forward this to him with the note which accompanies it.

Very respectfully,

J. G. WALKER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS WALKER'S DIVISION,Near Monticello, Ark., April 28, 1863.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have this moment received your two dispatches of the 20th and 22nd respectively. My orders from General Holmes were at first to march to Monroe via Camdem, but in consequence of my representations that the high waters of the Saline and Moro would detain me indefinitely I was directed to proceed by this route directly to Monroe, and the head of my column has reached this point. The rains for ten days have been very heavy and the roads are in a wretched condition, and it will be entirely impracticable for me to reach Camden from this point in any reasonable time. The streams are all up and it is still raining. The Saline cannot be crossed until it falls within its banks, and even then the process will be distressingly slow in view of the urgent want you have for re-enforcement. The same cause that made it necessary to adopt this route to Monroe renders it impossible to reach Shreveport via Camden without great delay. I have therefore determined to proceed on this route for 20 or 30 miles rather, then turn southwest, and strike the Ouachita River below the mouth of the Saline at or near a point called Marie Saline. I will telegraph General Holmes in regard to this, and ask that he will send me subsistence and the spare transportation at Camden to that point. My progress is distressingly slow, in consequence condition of the roads. I shall, however, spare no exertions to reach Shreveport at the earliest moment.

I am, general, very respectfully,

J. G. WALKER,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, April 29, 1863.

Lieutenant General E. KIRBY SMITH, Commanding, &amp;c., Alexandria:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication

