
Allen's brigade, the Thirtieth Louisiana (Colonel Breaux), on the right, and the Fourth Louisiana Regiment (Lieutenant-Colonel Hunter) on the left. The line of battle was formed in the woods back and left ward of the residence of Captain E. W. Robinson, and about three fourths of a mile to the rear of the central portion of Baton Rouge. As soon as the line was formed it was put in forward motion, feeling its way slowly through tall woods in the morning's haze for the enemy's first line of force. Marching straight to the front through briers, hedges, and over picket fences, the brigade was halted in the face of a line of the foe drawn up to receive us, and after giving them two well-directed volleys charged upon them, when they fled. The brigade, having paused a few moments, resumed its line as well as the nature of the undergrowth would permit, and marched some 200 or 300 yards forward in a left-oblique direction. Receiving reports of a battery of the enemy supported by a regiment right in our front, about 150 yards distant, our commander, after calling for three cheers for the Confederacy, ordered us to charge. Alarmed at our shouts and dash the enemy broke, taking off their battery, but leaving heaps of slain and wounded. It was here that Captain Chinn fell from a wound in the beg while gallantly responding at the head of his company to Colonel Allen's orders.

Resuming our course, we soon found ourselves upon the edge of an old field, on the opposite side of which is the Benton Ferry road and the inclosures of the race-track. Square in our front was posted along the road-side a number of the enemy's skirmishers or sharpshooters, and to their left a battery was planted at the mouth of a street in front of the outskirts of the corporation of Baton Rouge. A regiment (the Sixth Michigan) supported the battery, and its men were placed behind the fences, outhouses, and houses in the neighborhood of Hockney's. Colonel Allen, taking the colors of this command in this hand, rapidly drew up his command in line, who at his call and example rushed, under a galling fire of grape, canister, and Minie, across the field. There was not a shrub even a screen on it, and over the 300 yards of that open space the foe sent many a missile of death and shaft of anguish within 100 yards of the cannon.

Lieutenant Causey, of Buffington's company and commanding, it, fell, shot through the brain. No victim in this great struggle against fanaticism and the principles of rapine and spoliation leaves to his family and friends a brighter memory for chivalrous courage and unsullied patriotism. A few yards farther on Lieutenant-Colonel Boyd fell, shot through the arm, and was borne off the field. In a moment or so after the enemy fled, leaving two cannon and a lieutenant and 8 or 10 privates prisoners in our hands. In passing beyond the fence inclosing Turner's house and getting partially into the street the gallant leader fell helpless from his horse into the arms of his trusty soldiers and was by them carried from the field. His fall was peculiarly unfortunate. It completely paralyzed his old regiment (the Fourth), at whose head he was, even in that moment of victory. Notwithstanding his repeated shouts to go forward, it became confused and huddled up, lost in a maze of stolidity and dismay.

At this critical moment the undersigned first became apprised by Colonel Breaux, now commanding the brigade, that it was his duty to assume command of this battalion. With serious misgivings in his capacity in this emergency and sorrowful at the necessity he aimed to do his best in seconding the gallant, fearless, and conspicuous example of the commanding officer to save his troops from a panic and to rally them into line. His efforts were surpassed by the daring courage of Lieutenant Barrow, commanding Captain Chinn's company; by the

