
The force of negroes on the island consists of 481 effective men. Of these 40 are at the saw-mills, 100 cutting and carrying sod (us all the works are of sand, consequently the sodding must be done all over the works), 40 carrying timber and iron, which leaves 301 on the works, including obstructions. The whole force of negroes consist, as above, of 481 effective, 42 cooks, 78 sick; total, 601.

In order to complete the defenses of Galveston it will require the labor of 1,000 negroes during three weeks, or eight weeks with the present force. The work of soldiers amounts to very little, as the officers seem to have no control whatever over their men. The number of soldiers at work is about 100 men, whose work amount to 10 negroes' work.

Brazos River.-After having examined the locality I have laid out the necessary works, and Lieutenant Cross, of the Engineers, is ordered to take charge of the construction. Inclosed letter B is a copy of instructions given to Lieutenant Cross. Sketch, letter C, shows the location of the proposed works at the mouth of Brazos River.

Western Sub-District.-Major Lea, in charge of the Western Sub-District, sent in his first communication, copy of which, marked D, is inclosed. I respectfully recommend Major Lea's suggestions with regard to procuring labor to the attention of the major-general commanding. I have ordered a close examination of the wreck of the Westfield, which resulted in finding one 8-inch gun already, and I hope that more will be found. Cash account inclosed is marked letter E; liabilities incurred and not paid is marked letter F.*

I have the honor to remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

V. SULAKOWSKI,

Chief Engineer.

SAN ANTONIO, TEX., April 30, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Brownsville, Tex.:

CAPTAIN: Inclosed you will find copies of a letter from John D. Burgess to General Scurry; also one from Mr. Hubbell, his agent, to me, on the subject of furnishing supplies for the contemplated expedition to New Mexico and Arizona, which are respectfully submitted for the consideration of the general commanding the district. I beg leave further to say that I am informed that the Arizona Brigade is now ordered into active service, and that the Second and Third Regiments and Davidson's battalion are now on the road to Louisiana.

It would be very agreeable to the officers of the Fourth Regiment if the general would cause it to be filled up from any troops unattached, so that they may operate with the brigade. Navarro's company is yet unattached. I have not yet been advised as to whether it is to be assigned to the Fourth Regiment or not.

We are recruiting with considerable success, but would like to be filled as soon as possible.

By recent arrivals from El Paso we learn that things are not materially changed in New Mexico and Arizona.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[S. M. BAIRD,]

Colonel, Arizona Brigade.

---------------

* Inclosures not found.

---------------

