
[Inclosure.]

SAN ANTONIO, April 28, 1863.

Col. S. M. BAIRD,

Arizona Brigade, San Antonio:

SIR: Previous to my leaving Presidio del Norte, Mexico, in March last, I learned through Captain Skillman, whom I met there and also from letters that I received by him, that there was a probability that troops were or soon would be on their way to Arizona and New Mexico, under the command of General W. R. Scurry. Under that impression Mr. John D. Burgess wrote to General Scurry by me that should the troops move in that direction he was in a position and enabled to furnish them with such supplies as they might require from Mexico, such as flour, corn, wheat, beans, soap, salt, sugar, shoes, &amp;c., delivered at such points as might be required with reasonable safety to the transportation and at fair reasonable rates in the market where purchased, the same to be paid for in cotton or specie, as it required one of the two to purchase those articles in Mexico; if paid in cotton, it is to be at a like fair rate.

I inclose you a transcript of the letter to General Scurry, that you may call on him if necessary as to the facts, as he was advised to inform me whether he accepted the offer, that I might advise Mr. Burgess in time. On my arrival here I learned that General Scurry was at Galveston, and that you were an officer of the expedition. I have taken the liberty of submitting the foregoing for your examination and answer.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HUBBELL.

[Sub-inclosures.]

PRESIDIO DEL NORTE, March 17, 1863.

General W. R. SCURRY:

DEAR SIR: I have understood privately from Captain Skillman that the presumption was that your command would move toward Arizona and New Mexico this spring. Should such be the case, I am in such a position here that should you require any army supplies, such as flour, corn, beans, soap, shoes, &c., I would be glad to furnish the same, for which I am willing to take cotton at a fair price in exchange, as you are aware that it requires specie to purchase those things in this country.

Should you require anything and wish me to furnish you will please advise Mr. Hubbell, that he may return here in time to complete the arrangements, and assist him in doing so by furnishing him an escort or cause it to be done.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. BURGESS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT TRANS-MISSISSIPPI,Shreveport, La., April -, [1863].

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR:

GENERAL: On my way up the river, by direction of Lieutenant General Smith, I examined the position at Grand Ecore, and would respectfully make the following suggestions:

Above the bluff upon which General De Russy's house is situated is

