
a second bluff; the latter appears to be the apex of a ridge, and a few feet from the river is higher than General De Russy's bluff; is flanked on both sides by ravines, and has a gentle in the direction of the siege.

If it is determined to fortify this position I think that the main work should be upon the upper bluff, with a redan upon De Russy's Bluff for one or two guns, open to the rear, so as to be commanded by the main work.

If Red River cannot be entered from the upper entrance of Cane River there is a far better site for a field work for the defense of the river just below Montgomery.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,San Antonio, Tex., April -, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Brown, Tex.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward a communication to General Magruder from General Vidaurri, Governor of the State of Nuevo Leon and Coahuila, in reference to the cotton trade between the State of Texas and the one over which he presides.

A copy of the dispatch was read to me by the direction of Governor Vidaurri, and I am therefore familiar with its contents, and thus feel myself authorized to make comments otherwise obtrusive.

It has occurred to me, in view of the very friendly sentiments contained in the dispatch, and looking to the great importance of cultivating a continuance of them, that it would be not unadvisable for the general commanding to evidence to General Vidaurri in some special manner the gratification it affords his Government and himself to know that, despite the misrepresentations of the Federal minister at Mexico and the Federal consul at Monterey, the sympathies of so distinguished a man and the people he governs should be with us in our great struggle for liberty, and to express his high appreciation of Governor Vidaurri's enlarged and humanitarian view of national law, in accordance with which he assents in advance to such modifications of commercial regulations as a nation in a state of war has always a right to make without a corresponding right on the part of foreign traders to complain of, and to assure General Vidaurri that the policy of the Government is not to restrict the exportation of cotton to Mexico in any wise trammel the trade with that country, but, on the contrary, by the appointment of proper officers and agents, the Government propose to prevent the exportation of cotton elsewhere than to Mexico, and that one of the prime objects of any of the orders, regulating commerce is to insure the exportation of cotton to Mexico by such agents as will insure the importation into this country of supplies from Mexico, and thus increase to a much greater extent than at present the trade with that country; at the same time assuring him of his steadfast purpose to relieve as far as in his power any cases of individual hardship resulting from carrying out any modification of the existing laws of trade.

That this policy must necessarily result in reducing the price of cotton (as the competition among buyers will be less) and enable the Government

