
energy of Lieutenant Burnett, of Captain Bynum's company, and by the cool and noble example of Lieutenant Brown, of same company. A partial success only rewarded their exertions-we were saved a panic; but the annoying fire from the enemy's sharpshooters left them no other alternative but to fall back across the field to the shelter of the woods. Here another effort was made to rally the brigade into line, now passed confusedly. The commanding officer employed every incentive and expedient that courage could suggest, but with haggard results. The men made no response to his appeals. They were not cowed or panic-striken. They were simply exhausted-hopelessly exhausted-and seemed to be staggering under the half of that last ounce which breaks the camel's back of endurance.

Having been under arms for more than sixteen hours; having neither supper, breakfast, nor sleep; having marched over 12 miles, and having gone through four hours' hard fighting, it is not a matter of surprise or of blame that they paid but little heed to the rallying cries of their leaders. Their conduct, was, however, only in accordance with the example of troops who had been under fire and were reputed veterans.

Many vicissitudes of this battle must remain unnoticed. The undersigned was not called to command till a late hour, and many events doubtless noted by the experienced eye of Colonel Boyd must be unchroniced because of his absence. While Colonel Bayd was in command his promptitude and courage ably sustained the policy of Colonel Allen. His adjutant, Lieutenant Breeden, was conspicuous for daring devotion to duty throughout the trials of the day. The men generally behaved with coolness and courage.

Upon returning to headquarters, near Ward's Creek Bridge, the undersigned was relieved of his command by Lieutenant Barrow.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TOM. BYNUM,

Captain, Comdg. Battalion Infantry, Stewart's Legion.

Captain MORRISON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

No. 46. Report of Captain O. J. Semmes, commanding Battery.

IN CAMP NEAR BATON ROUGE, LA.,

August 8, 1862.

SIR: I was ordered to take part in the action of the 5th instant, which I did. My men behaved well. The officers-Lieuts. J. T. M. Barnes and J. A. A. West-acted with great coolness and bravery, at times firing their pieces personally. Lieutenant T. K. Fauntleroy was detached with a section, and I did not see him during the action.

The casualties were 5 men killed, 5 severely wounded, 5 slightly, 9 horses killed, 2 badly wounded, 2 missing, 1 caisson exploded by an enemy's shell, the rear carriage of another rendered worthless and left on the field, and 4 sets of harness lost.

I fired 200 rounds of smooth-bore 6-pounder ammunition and 120 rounds of 6-pounder rifled.

---------------

* Nominal list of casualties omitted is embodied in Report No. 25, p.82.

---------------

