
general commanding I have contracted with Messrs. Richard King, Miffin Kennedy, and Charles Stillman, of this city, for a supply of quartermaster's and subsistence stores for six months, commencing June 1 proximo, at an advance of 15 per cent. on the original cost and charges of the articles delivered, they receiving the cotton in the interior, providing the necessary transportation, and selling it on account of the Government, charging a commission of 2 1/2 per cent. for selling and 2 1/2 per cent. for advancing. These gentlemen are too well known to render it necessary to speak of their ability to comply with this contract.

My duties at this post have been arduous and embarrassing on account of the failure in the transportation of cotton with which to make my purchases. I have, succeeded in providing everything necessary for the comfort and efficiency of the army without compromising in any manner the credit of the Government, and at prices which I flatter myself will compare favorably with any purchases that have been made for the Confederacy. I am greatly to Major J. F. Minter, chief quartermaster District of Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona, for the present organization of the quartermaster's department. Your statement as to the present condition of efficiency of the department is truly gratifying, and it will afford me pleasure to communicate this fact to the assistant and acting assistant quartermaster on this line.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES RUSSELL,

Major, C. S. P. A., Brigade Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS EASTERN SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Houston, May 4, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Under the orders of Lieutenant-General Smith, commanding department, &amp;c., I beg to say to the major-general commanding that I am sending to Nibett's Bluff, on the Sabine River, all the disposable force at my command, including Major Wilson's battery.

I beg to know of the major-general commanding as to propriety of placing Major O. M. Watkins, who wishes to go, in command of that battery.

I have endeavored to keep the major-general commanding advised of every important matter that has occurred.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. SCURRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding, &c.

PORT HUDSON, May 5, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON:

I have managed to decipher a portion of your telegram of yesterday, but cannot understand it all. I cannot move 5,000 men at once, but will do so as soon as wagons return. I will move as many as possible to-morrow. Shall I order Simonton from Ponchatoula?

FRANK GARDNER,

Major-General.

