HEADQUARTERS,Port Hudson, La., May 5, 1863.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the enemy's cavalry raid* (1,200 cavalry and one battery) passed successfully to Baton Rouge on the evening of the 2nd instant, having evaded my cavalry, which was all out after them, and by an extraordinary march from Summit to Baton Rouge between the afternoon of the 30th and the afternoon of the 2nd they passed before the arrival of infantry and artillery that I sent out to intercept. The enemy came suddenly upon my outpost toward Baton Rouge and destroyed Wilbourn's camp and captured a number of men from Captain Bryan's company.

I respectfully urge the great necessity of increasing the cavalry force in this district and giving me a good cavalry commander. If it could be deemed expedient to abandon the post at Ponchatoula that would enable me to concentrate a larger force of cavalry in my front.

I also respectfully represent that the very limited wagon transportation at this post greatly interferes with any movement of troops and also the gathering in of supplies.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

-------

-------------

,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH REGIMENT ARIZONA BRIGADE,San Antonio, Tex., May 5, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Brownsville:

CAPTAIN: Since my communication to you of the 30th ultimo, inclosing communications of Messrs. Burgess and Hubbell in regard to furnishing supplies from Chihuahua and vicinity, I have the satisfaction of informing you that on to-day some thirty-odd wagons and carts owned by Messrs. Solis &amp; Munis, of Santa Cruz, near Chihuahua, loaded with flour, shoes, and blankets, discharged and stored their freight at this place.

The above puts the question of supplies for Arizona and New Mexico at rest. Messrs. Solis & Munis crossed the Del Norte at Presidio del Norte and came by way of Fort Lancaster. I beg to suggest the importance of keeping this route open.

On the 1st instant Judge Nicholas Cleary, of California, and late United States naval store-keeper at Shanghai, China, arrived at this place from California via Guaymas, Navadista, Sinaloa, Monterey, and Eagle Pass. He came on foot and alone from Sinaloa to Monterey buoyed up by nothing but patriotism. It is useless for me to say that he is a Virginia. He reports that there are 3,000 Confederate in the State of California ready to take up arms for our cause when a propitious moment arrives, and says that Fort Yuma is now the only obstacle in the way of relief and encouragement to them; that it (Fort Yuma) contains a large amount of army supplies and is garrisoned by less than 500 men of doubtful sympathies. It can be easily captured, and furthermore it is the key to Southern California, which is almost to a

---------------

* Grierson's raid.

---------------

