
assignment of Brigadier-General Mackall to the command in that city, in lieu of Major-General Buckner, ordered elsewhere, and urged his appointment according to their request. I am advised that a memorial has been forwarded to your department in support of this application. May I not hope that the organization of the army in Tennessee can be advantageously made without the presence of General Mackall, and that he can be spared to return to Mobile? I need not remind you of the vital importance of assigning to such a high position of responsibility an officer of skill and energy, and whose qualifications will command the respect and confidence of the citizens of Mobile and the authorities of Alabama. We are not satisfied with the present exposed condition of Mobile, and shall continue our remonstrances and protests until some action is taken by the Confederate Government to give security and protection to our seaport city and the gateway to the capital of our State.

Hoping for a favorable response at an early date, I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. GILL SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, May 7, 1863.

Gov. J. G. SHORTER,

Montgomery, Ala.:

The assignment of a successor to the command at Mobile was contemporaneous with the transfer of General Buckner,* and prior to the receipt of your telegram or any expression of preference on the part of the citizens for General Mackall.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

BROWNSVILLE, May 7 [5], 1863.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE,

Commanding West Sub-District:

SIR: The order published this day for the removal of the troops now near the river to positions of greater health in the vicinity is intended to cover the withdrawal of all troops from the river the Lower Rio Grande, except one regiment of cavalry, one Battery of light artillery, and the siege guns, and excepting also such companies of Mexicans as were defined for and are now on this frontier. You will therefore move as rapidly as possible with the remainder of these troops to the eastern frontier of this State, leaving Colonel Duff, whose regiment will remain here in command, with such detailed instructions as your experience may suggest.

You are authorized to avail yourself of the services of the Militia in the neighborhood to guard such public property as cannot be removed to the sanitary camp, in which Colonel Duff's troops will be placed, or to Ringgold Barracks, should you deem it best. In either case the troops of Colonel Duff will remain in such camps, not far from this post, as may be considered most convenient and salubrious. Two

---------------

* See Cooper to Buckner and Maury, April 27, pp.1065, 1056.

---------------

