
OSYKA, May 9, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Maxey will reach Brookhaven on Tuesday.

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.

VICKSBURG, May 9, 1863.

Brigadier-General BEALL, Port Hudson:

A portion of General Gardner's command has been ordered back.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT TRANS-MISSISSIPPI,Shreveport, La., May 9, 1863.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR, Natchitoches:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to inform you that General Walker's division, 5,000 strong, was at Monroe on the 7th instant, and was to leave early on the 8th by water from Le Croix, landing near Alexandria.

If no delay occurs should be at Alexandria on the 10th. He has about a dozen boats, sufficient to transport his whole force, together with his artillery and ordnance train. The remainder of his wagons will take the shortest route from Monroe to Alexandria.

General Smith is not informed of what has occurred on the river below this point since General Walker was heard from, and is therefore uncertain whether the route proposed is practicable. He desires you to put yourself in communication with General Walker as speedily as possible, and give him such information of the enemy's movements as concern his command, indicating to him how and where he can best form a junction with you. General Walker has three light field batteries.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT TRANS-MISSISSIPPI,Shreveport, La., May 11, 1863.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR:

GENERAL: I have kept you constantly informed of all changes in the movements of troops and furnished you with copies of orders affecting their march. Two of the cavalry regiments intended for General Mouton were ordered by General Scurry to San Augustine, Tex. I directed ton were ordered by General Scurry to Natchitoches and to report to you for orders.

Lane's regiment of cavalry is in that vicinity. It is but partly armed. I have ordered it inspected by Major Williamson, who is sent to Natchitoches for that purpose. He will furnish you a copy of his report. If at all efficient this regiment should be armed without delay. I have no arms at my disposal. The Governor sends you some 350 Enfield rifles, which leave on the boat this morning.

A brigade of Texas infantry have been ordered into camp near Niblett's

