
The brigade commanded by General McCulloch being delayed by the transportation which had been sent overland to Alexandria would not probably be able to move until Tuesday morning.

The first two brigades expect to reach Natchitoches by Saturday next. The troops are in splendid spirits and condition.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Port Hudson, La., May 12, 1863.

Colonel SIMONTON:

The major-general commanding directs that you move forward with your command to or near Plain's Store, establish communication by couriers with the outposts on Bayou Sara and Baton Rouge road, also with Colonels Logan and Witt at Olive Branch.

Should the enemy move in Olive Branch you will proceed there as rapidly as practicable and assume command unless a force threaten you on the Bayou and Baton Rouge road. Keep us accurately informed of all movements of the enemy, giving the name of the place they are and noting the hour they were seen. All communication addressed to the general he desires you to open and read.

The general places reliance upon your discretion.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

C. M. JACKSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT TRANS-MISSISSIPPI,Shreveport, May 14, 1863.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith a copy of a letter received this morning from General Walker,* also a copy of General Smith's answer.

Speight's brigade is now arriving. It has an aggregate present of 1,650, of which about 600 are unarmed. It will take all day to fit up this brigade. General Smith wishes to know if this brigade canr reach Grand Ecore in time to be of service to you.

The general commanding directs me again to call your attention to obstructing the river, and suggests that by sinking the Falls City in narrows a serious obstacle can be put in the way of the enemy's boats.

If the Falls City is not below he will send it or any other boat down again when you require it.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT TRANS-MISSISSIPPI,Shreveport, La., May 14, 1863.

Major General J. G. WALKER:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 12th has just been received. Your instructions were to march with your division to Red River. The

---------------

* Walker's letter not found.

---------------

