
Embracing documents received too late for instruction in proper sequence.

NOVEMBER 1-6, 1862.-Naval operations on Berwick Bay, La.*

Report of Captain T. A. Faries, Louisiana Artillery.

QUARTERS FARIES' BATTERY, P. L. A.,

Bayou Teche, La., November 10, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the afternoon of the 3rd of November, instant, the right section of this battery, consisting of two 3-inch rifled guns, Parrott pattern, commanded by First Lieutenant B. F. Winchester, having taken position at Cornay's residence, on the right and a short distance in advance of the C. S. gunboat J. A. Cotton (four guns), commanding the obstruction at the bridge just below that place, opened fire about 4 o'clock on the four gunboats of the enemy then approaching, engaging three boats following each other in succession for about thirty minutes, under a severe fire from their heavy guns, at short range and unsupported, but in battery with a section of Captain O. J. Semmes' battery, consisting of two James rifles (bronze 12-pounders), under First Lieutenant J. A. A. West. Both sections then fell back to the Bayou Teche road, in the rear of and above their first position, when, after firing ten to fifteen minutes, [they] retired in good order and returned to this camp.

The nature of the ground and cover in our front (guns being in battery among a number of large live-oak trees) prevented the effect of all the shots being observed. It has been ascertained, however, and believed, that two of the gunboats retired badly crippled, and, from the cries heard on board, a number of the enemy must have been wounded.

Being the first engagement for this section and for most of the men, all behaved well under fire. The horses, for new ones, were remarkably quiet.

I have no casualties to report.

The distance fired from the first position was about 300 yards. The number of shell (fuse) fired by this section was 58.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. FARIES,

Captain, Commanding Battery, Mouton's Brigade.

Captain R. C. BOND, Chief of Artillery.

---------------

* See also pp.183-188.

---------------

