
command are deserving of approbation for their good conduct displayed. He doubtless would have much greater and more favorable results to report he had been opened by the anticipated numbers and had met with the resistance expected when he received his orders.

I desire to express my thanks and acknowledgments to Lieutenant-Commander Madigan, U. S. N., commanding sloop-of-war Vincennes, lying off Pensacola, co-operating with me in the defense of the city, for his ready and valuable assistance in furnishing for the expedition 3 launches and 3 guns, 1 officer and 40 sailors, and 1 officer and 17 marines.

I will take this occasion to repeat what I have expressed in former communications, that a regiment of cavalry is very necessary here to give protection to loyal citizens, for scouts, and for the purposes of making military reconnaissance, and to rid the surrounding country of the rebel cavalry that are constantly hovering about.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. G. ARNOLD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

No. 2. Report of Lieutenant Col. Michael Cassidy, Sixth New York Infantry.

CAMP JACKSON,

Pensacola, Fla., June 16, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with Special Orders, No. 23, of the 14th instant, from these headquarters, and also special instructions which I received from you verbally, I proceeded with four companies of the Sixth Regiment New York Volunteers, comprising a force of 220 officers and men, which had been detailed by Colonel Wilson, down to the wharf, and embarked on board the steamer General Meigs.

We left the wharf at 7.30 p.m. on the 14th instant, and arrived at Bagdad on the 15th instant at 1 a.m. or little after. In consequence of the steamer having run aground I directed the troops to go in the scows which we brought with us, and the same to be towed ashore by the boats of the Vincennes, all of which was extended in a quiet and orderly manner. We started on our march from Bagdad in the following order: Company C, Captain Hazeltine commanding; Company E, Lieutenant Roddy commanding; Company B, Lieutenant Denslow commanding, and Company H. Captain Heuberer commanding. I detailed Lieutenant and 12 men to proceed 200 or 300 yards in advance as skirmishers to guard against surprise, and they performed their duty well.

We arrived at Milton about 2 a.m. My plan was, Companies C and E and myself to take a street which would lead us directly in front of the Eagle Hotel, the house where the rebels were; Company B to take a street which would bring them to the right of the hotel, and Company H, a street which would bring them to the left, and all arrived at the proper places in proper time with the exception of Company H. How they made the mistake I cannot tell, nor did I know that a mistake had been made until after the rebels had fled, taking the very road where Company H

