
east bank of Bayou Teche, by Palfrey's Bridge, and moved to the line of proposed fortifications on the skirt of the woods extending from the Teche to the swamp on Grand Lake, and took position as follows: The right section (two 3-inch rifle guns), under First Lieutenant B. F. Winchester, in the redoubt on the extreme left of the line, near the swamp; the left section, two 12-pounder field howitzers, under Lieutenant J. P. Winchester, on the left of the center of the line of battle, near the bayou, and the extreme right of the left wing, commanded by Brigadier General Alfred Mouton; the center section (two 6-pounder bronze smooth-bore guns), under Second Lieutenant Oscar Gaudet, was posted midway between the right and left sections. The six pieces remained in battery, as stated, until night on Saturday, the 11th instant, when the battery was moved forward to the new line of works then in course of construction, about 450 yards in advance of the line first occupied. To connect with the redoubt on our extreme left, before referred to, it became necessary to run the line of works at an angle from the center of this line to the redoubt. This redoubt was constructed with platforms for four field guns.

The right or rifle section was posted near the center of the new line of defense. The left section took position immediately in front of its original position. The center section moved forward on the plantation road through the cane-field that lay between the right and left sections.

Early after noon, on Sunday, the 12th of April, the battery opened on the enemy's advancing cavalry and artillery, firing 97 rounds of spherical case and shell with such effect as to cause the force in our front to retire hastily. The firing was continued with intervals for nearly two hours. About dusk the ammunition chests were all refilled.

A section of Captain [F. O.] Cornay's Saint Mary's Battery, composed of two 12-pounder bronze field howitzers, under Lieutenant Oscar Berwick, had reported to me on the morning of the 12th instant. This section was placed in the redoubt on the left of the line, where it remained without firing until the morning of the 13th, when I ordered Lieutenant Berwick to report with his section at headquarters, on the west bank of the Teche.

No casualties occurred during the firing on Sunday, the 12th instant. About 10 o'clock on Monday morning, the 13th instant, the enemy made their appearance along our entire front, advancing in four lines of battle, with artillery in advance of infantry. This battery opened first with howitzers, on the right, near the bayou. Soon after, the entire battery of six pieces commenced firing, which was continued at intervals until after dark, under a very severe fire from the Yankee batteries on both sides of Bayou Teche, accompanied the whole of the afternoon with a continuous shower of Minie balls from the enemy's skirmishers and sharpshooters.

I beg leave to make a detailed report of the three sections composing this battery.

The rifle section, under Lieutenant B. F. Winchester, commenced firing about 10 a.m., and continued with occasional intermissions during the forenoon, directing its fire against the enemy's cavalry and artillery. During the afternoon the firing was more continuous from this section, as the enemy brought more of their pieces to bear on it. Later in the afternoon it was under very severe fire from artillery and sharpshooters. The latter having advanced within 400 yards of our line and kept up an incessant shower of Minie balls over the low breastworks, hastily thrown up, which were not high enough to protect cannoneers or horses, the rifles still continued to return the fire, all the men, including the sergeants

