
of resolute gallantry on the part of Corporal Gaiennie and a private (whose name, unfortunately, I could never learn) of Company -, Eighteenth Regiment, Louisiana Infantry Volunteers. On the afternoon of the 13th of April, when the fire from the enemy's artillery and infantry was hottest, all of the drivers of a caisson of the center section having been wounded, the team of four horses-two having been killed-took fright and ran over the cane-field in rear of the battery, for some time closely pursued by these two intrepid soldiers, until the horses became sufficiently exhausted to allow themselves to be secured, when these two men alone restored the caisson to its position in rear of its piece. Both of the horses of the chiefs of pieces had been killed, and none of the cannoneers could be spared from their posts.

Five hundred and fifteen rounds of ammunition were fired by this battery on the 12th and 13th of April, at Bisland.

Total casualties: 2 men killed, 10 men wounded, 2 severely; missing, 5 captured on hospital boat Cornie, sick; wounded, 13; detailed as pilot and engineer on gunboat Diana, captured, 2. Total horses killed, 33; wounded, 11.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. FARIES,

Captain, Comdg. Battery, Acting Chief of Artillery,

(Mouton's) First Brigade Louisiana Infantry.

Major J. L. BRENT,

Chief of Artillery, District of Western Louisiana.

Findings of a General Court-Martial in the cases of Brigadier General H. H. Sibley and Captain Alexander Grant, C. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT TRANS-MISSISSIPPI, No. 47. Shreveport, La., September 25, 1863.

I. At the general court-martial convinced at the Headquarters District of Louisiana, pursuant to Paragraph I, Special Orders, No. 91, current series, from these headquarters, and of which Major General John G. Walker, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, is president, was arraigned and tried,

1st. Brigadier General H. H. Sibley, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, in the following charges and specifications:

CHARGE 1ST.-Disobedience of orders.

Specification 1st.-In this, that Brigadier General H. H. Sibley, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, was, on the night of April 12, 1863, at Camp Bisland, ordered by Major General R. Taylor, commanding District of Western Louisiana, to make the necessary arrangements for an attack, and to attack the enemy at daylight on the 13th of April, 1863, below Camp Bisland, and the said Brigadier General H. H. Sibley, did not make the necessary arrangements for said attack, and did not make the attack on the morning of April 13, 1863, as ordered to do. This at Camp Bisland, La., April 12 and 13, 1863.

Specification 2nd.-In this, that the said Brigadier General H. H. Sibley, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, was ordered by Major General R. Taylor, commanding, to remove the sick and wounded officers and soldiers of the C. S. Army from Camp Bisland and transport the same from Franklin, La., to New Iberia, La., in wagons, carts, carriages, and ambulances;

