
ten days; not under any circumstances to enter upon any movement on the main-land, but to support the naval forces all afford a rendezvous for recruits, refuges, &amp;c., from Matamoras and Texas. This with concurrence of Admiral Farragut. No time will be wasted or lost .

I delivered your letter to Admiral Farragut Monday, the 15th instant, the morning after my arrival. He was much ratified receive it, and promised a hearty and cordial co-operation. He is earnest for work, and full of enthusiasm. I was delighted with him, and feel assured that we shall act together without difficulty. I did not advise the expedition intrusted to me, and it is, therefore, with greater pleasure that I can say I think it the best movement the Government could enter upon at this season. The indications of the campaign are far more auspicious than I could have hoped. If the rebel army can be held in Virginia, in three months the whole West can be cleared of the enemy. I believe in that time all that was expected on the Mississippi and in Texas can be accomplished.

It is possible that the enemy is too strong in Virginia to be successfully attacked at this season. An army large enough to beat them, where they have concentrated the flower and strength of the Confederate Army, may not be able to move the necessary distance with requisite celerity during the winter months. If so, the campaign in the West, on the river, becomes of vital importance, and its success will bring results which no mere victory in Virginia can accomplish. I hope all the forces that may be necessary may be used to strengthen the line. If this rebellion is driven into the Gulf States it is substantially at an end. Different opinions, I know, obtained at Washington, but I feel assured, that the final result will show your measures in the West to be the wisest that can be adopted.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Information received this morning reports the force at Port Hudson at 23,000. New conscripts from the country near have been brought in.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,New Orleans, January 27, 1863.

Brigadier General GEORGE F. SHEPLEY,

Military Governor of Louisiana:

GENERAL: It gives me pleasure to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 24th instant, relating to the appointment of Colonel Dwight, vice Colonel French, as provost-marshal-general of Louisiana. Some weeks since I expressed to you my opinion of the line that should divide the powers committed to us respectively by the Government. I understand your commission to confer upon you, as far as possible under the circumstances, the privileges and powers of the Governor of Louisiana, receiving his appointment from military authorities. This confers power to appoint such officers as are required in the operation and as are necessary to the State government. It embraces judges of courts, sheriffs, police officers, &c.

The commanding general of this department must, in the nature of things have the control of military appointments-as well those to whom are confided matters of military police as of military command. These officers should not only receive their appointments from the chiefs of the different departments, that is the civil and military, but they

