
should have been. Just before we reached the hotel I was satisfied that they had become alarmed. I then ordered the two companies with me to take the double-quick, and on arriving in front of the hotel I commanded the rebels to surrender. They immediately fired upon us and we fired two or three rounds in return, when they fled, some going through the house and some running up the street where I supposed Company H was. I directed the firing to cease and immediately after took I prisoner. I then directed squads to go in the hotel and stables to ascertain if any rebels had hid themselves, but only two were found by Lieutenant Hanham, who directed them to me; then squads brought out the horses, saddles, &amp;c. I was then told that some Union prisoners were in the jail, and I detailed Lieutenant Denslow, with his company, to go and liberate them. They found the building very strong, and were unable to gain admittance until Lieutenant Green and a detachment of sailors from the Vincennes went to their assistance with axes and sledgehammers, who after working at the doors for nearly an hour succeeded in getting in. They found, however, only two negroes, whom we brought with us. Three citizens were brought to me add I deemed it my duty to take them with us. I offered to take their families, but they declined.

To Mr. Wolfe, the guide, I attribute a good share of the success of our expedition.

To Major Babcock and Captain Dwight, of the Seventy-fifth Regiment New York Volunteers, I return my thanks for the advance and assistance they rendered.

Surgeon Pease, of the Sixth Regiment New York Volunteers, also rendered great assistance and was very active.

Only one man on our side was wounded-Patrick Doyle, of Company C; his wound is slight.

Lieutenant Kaufman, of the Sixth Regiment, acted as adjutant for the battalion and deserves thanks.

To the officers and men of the Vincennes, I return my thanks, and will say that they did all they could to render the expedition successful. Their not partaking in the attack was owing to our troops being obliged to hurry matters after finding that we were discovered.

In relation to the force of the rebels I have no means of knowing correctly but I think it fell short of what we expected to find.

I turned, in pursuance with your orders, in to Captain [A. N.] Shipley, quartermaster, 9 horses, 14 saddles, 7 bridles, and 2 saddles incomplete; also to Major Babcock, provost-marshal, 3 soldiers of the rebel cavalry, 3 citizens of Milton, and 2 negroes.

I should state that we left Milton about sunrise and arrived at Pensacola at 11 a.m. on the 15th instant.

I have no knowledge of the amount of arms, &c., taken or found by our troops. If they have any have kept them in their possession.

Of the companies that formed by command I will say that they were exceedingly quiet and orderly, and I think that we all did our duty, and hope that our actions will meet your approbation.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MICHAEL CASSIDY,

Lieutenant Col. Sixth Regt. N. Y. Vols., Comdg. Expedition.

Brigadier General LEWIS G. ARNOLD,

Comdg. West. Dist., Department of the South, Pensacola, Fla.

