
byb way of Berwick's Bay, to the Teche, and, in connection with General Weitzel's command, endeavor to push through to Red River; but, is his opinion, the movement would be a failure. We might possible get as far as Newtown, but no farther, with a force less than from 20,000 to 25,000 men. Toward Newtown the Teche is quite narrow, with high banks and timber and timber on either side, which can be easily used to completely block up its navigation; also that the wreck of the steamer Cotton is sunk a short distance up the bayou, which will borbid vessels going father; that in that part of the State we will be fighting Texas in Louisiana.

In speaking of artillery, he says there are six batteries, all within striking distance of Newtown, and among them are some of the best in the Confederate service. It was expected that Kirby Smith would soon be in command in that department. He says we have no idea of the number of troops there are in that part of the State; that the great amount of supplies brought through from Texas and Matamoras and their great value to the Confederate Government will make all movements on our part in that direction strongly resisted. Of the termination of the war, he says it is generally believed through Texas that there will be a suspension of hostilities by May 1.

The above is all of importance I remember hearing in conversation with Mr. Dublieux.

Respectfully, yours,

JAMES C. COOLEY,

First Lieutenant One hundred and thirty-third New York.

P. S. - In addition to the foregoing, I would say that Mr. Doublieux met on his way from Texas to Plaquemine the Confederate new that were to take charge of the captured steamer Harriet Lane, and that boarding steamers or other naval vessels was the mode to be adopted by the Confederates, and that before many weeks we should most certainly hear of more losses of the same kind.

[Inclosure B.]

OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

New Orleans, La., February 23, 1863.

Lieutenant Col. RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I submit the examination of the prisoner referred to in the accompanying paper:

Benito Monfort, teacher of music, left Cadiz, as appears by his passport, in October, 1859; lived in New Orleans six months; then went to Attakapas, Saint Mary's Parish, where he has resided, teaching music, until the present time. Because of the militia law, which requires residents to enlist for one year, he determined to make his escape. The militia law has not yet been enforced, but it is contemplated to put in in force soon. Arrived at Brashear City February 21, at 11 o'clock; left Franklin 21st, at 7 o'clock; passed Pattersonville at 9 o'clock. General Sibley wento to visit Camp Bisland February 20, on a tour of inspection; Colonel Gregg [Henry Gray] in command; 800 men there; Twenty-eighth Louisiana armed with rifles; some cavalry, 400 to 500. Near Pattesonville, 3 miles above, Montfort saw 300 cavalry, well mounted; came from Grose Tete days before; heard Sibley say he would have 3,500 cavalry from Texas; many of them have already passed

