
No. 3. Report of Captain Charles E. Heuberer, Sixth New York Infantry.

CAMP JACKSON,

Pensacola, Fla., June 18, 1862.

SIR: I see by you official report that I might be censured for not carrying out your instructions. The cause of my not being in the spot directed for me was on account of the guide becoming very much alarmed and excited, so that he could not inform me definitely where I was to remain. I then heard firing in your direction, and thinking you had been attacked by a large force (as the guide had previously informed me that he thought there was nearly 500 cavalry there) I hastened up to your assistance. In the mean time I was fired upon from a fence, which was immediately returned by me. When I came up to you I was ordered to left wheel into position, which I did, and there remained for further orders.

Hoping this explanation may prove perfectly satisfactory, I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES E. HEUBERER,

Captain, Sixth New York Vols., Comdg. Company H.

Lieutenant Col. M. CASSIDY, Sixth N. Y. Vols., Camp Jackson, Fla.

JUNE 17, 1862.-Skirmish at Pass Manchac, La.

Report of Major General Benjamin F. Butler, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of the Gulf.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., June 19, 1862.

SIR: Finding that the rebels were making some demonstration to hold Manchac Pass, I sent Lieutenant-Colonel Kimball, with a portion of the Twelfth Maine Volunteers and a section of Manning's battery, in aid of the New London gunboat, to take and destroy the enemy's work there.

The affair was very gallantly done, the enemy firing a few shots from their upper battery of two guns, 32-pounders; ran from a charge upon their lower battery of four guns, 32-pounders, 1 3/4 miles below, without firing a shot, leaving their guns loaded. The battery was taken by a charge. The enemy escaped in boats they had prepared for that purpose on the other side of the draw-bridge, which they drew up, burning bridge behind them. We took all their camp equipage, garrison stores, and a stand of colors, destroyed the bridge and works, demolishing guns and carriages.

The party then succeeded to Mandeville and Madisonville, dispersed a body of cavalry there, and took prisoner Colonel Putnam, with $5,000 recruiting funds upon his person. Not having any cavalry, it was impossible to pursue the runaways.

In consideration of the gallant conduct of the men I have allowed the regiment to retain the stand of colors taken.

We had no casualties.

I have the honor to be, very truly, yours,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

