
reported by the commanders above designated to the Commission, and their families shall receive no aid from the Commission.

2nd. No tickets for rations shall be issued until a careful investigation be made of the character and circumstances of the persons applying for relief, by a trustworthy canvasser,appointed for that purpose, and whose duty shall be that of making these investigations; and in no case shall the Commission furnish rations merely upon the certificate or recommendation of any person whatsoever, but shall themselves pass upon the propriety of granting such application. All rations tickets now outstanding shall be recalled and canceled by the Commission within the present month, and hereafter no tickets shall be issued of a longer period than thirty days.

III. The Commission shall keep an exact record of the name, age, residence, and class of each adult or child to or for whom rations are furnished.

IV. Transportation for commissary stores and materials for the Commission will be furnished by the chief quartermaster, who will provide the necessary office or officers and stores for the business of the Commission, and will also, upon proper requisints, furnish the Commission all necessary stationery and blank books reasonably needed for its use.

V. The number of employes at the two markets used by the Commission shall continue the same as at present, and at the offices of the Commission the following shall be the only employes: One secretary, at $90 per month; two clerks, at $75 per month; four canvassers, at $75 per month; one porter, at $30 per month. And the salaries of these, as well as of all persons connected with or in the employ of the commission, shall be paid directly to each individual by the chief quartermaster. The commission will give particular attention to the character of the persons selected to act as canvassers, and will employ none who are not trustworthy and reliable.

VI. The present system of management of the affairs of the Commission, so far as it is not varied by this order, shall continue the same, but all changes made necessary by its provisions shall be immediately enforced.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

XVI. During the temporary absence of the commanding general from the city, Brigadier General T. W. Sherman, commanding the Defenses of New Orleans, is authorized and directed to issue and approve all such orders relative to military affairs as the necessities of the department may require, and his orders and acts will be respected and obeyed accordingly.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bivouac at Springfield Cross-Roads,

Fourteen miles from Baton Rouge, March 14, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Admiral Farragut having yesterday notified me of his intention to pass up in the afternoon and run by Port Hudson this day or to-morrow, I immediately put my troops, which had been in readiness since the 10th, in march, Groiver leading, Emory following his march,

