
Executive Officer Dewey, Lieutenant Chase, and Captain Kingare reported safe on board the Essex. If further information is received I will communicate with you.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. E. CHICKERING,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Baton Rouge, La., March 16, 1863.

Brigadier-General ANDREWS,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to transmit the report of Captain G. W. Rogers, commanding detachment sent to Lobbell's Landing, to destroy signal station near that point.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. E. CHICKERING,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

BATON ROUGE, LA., March 16, 1863.

Col. T. E. CHICKERING,

Forty-first Massachusetts Vols., Comdg. Post, Baton Rouge:

COLONEL: In compliance with order of March 14, with my command embarked on board steamer Saint Maurice, and proceeded to a point north of the crevasse; succeed in breaking up signal party at that place, who escaped with their rockets a few minutes before my arrival. Found on plantation, owned by Dr. Allen, 57 hogsheads of sugar and 200 bushels of corn; on Bullard's plantation, 50 hogsheads of sugar and 1,000 bushels of corn; on the widow Clark's plantation, 50 hogsheads of sugar and 3,000 bushels of conor, also 100 barrels of molasses. About 3 o'clock Sunday morning, the steamer Mississippi was observed coming down the river, and blew up a short distance below my camp. A short time after, 30 of the sailors were brought in, when I immediately sent two of them in a small boat in charge of one of my sergeants to report to you. Subsequently several other came in, and sent them to this place on board steamer Saint Majrice. At a later hour eight more, who had been wandering in the swamps all night were brought in, and embarked on steamer Iberville with my command this a. m. I have also two male slaves, who had escaped from Piney Woods.

G. W. ROGERS,

Captain Company A, One hundred and seventy-third New York Vols.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, 19TH A. C., No. 23. Camp near Baton Rouge, March 20, 1863.

All officers and soldiers, and all followers of the army, of whatever character, in this department are forbidden to engage, in any manner whatever, directly of indirectly, in the purchase or sale of the products of the country, or to use the troops, transportation, or material of the army for the purpose of speculation, or to assist those who ae so engaged, under penalty of dishonorable dismissal and severe punishment.

