
JUNE 22, 1862.-Expedition from Ship Island to Pass Christian, Miss.

Report of Brigadier General Neal Dow, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS,Ship Island, June 24, 1862.

GENERAL: Hearing that threats of hanging or otherwise injuring Union men, or those supposed to be such, were frequent at Pass Christian, I sent an expedition there on the 22nd, in the steamer Creole, with instructions to seize the recorder, Mr. Hearn, Mr. Seal, and the Rev. Mr. Sill, if they could be found, and then enter Bay Saint Louis, and capture every rebel vessel that might be found there. Those persons whom I was most desirous of securing were absent, but the son-in-law of the recorder and another were arrested and brought away. They both have been active in the rebellion, one of them an officer in the rebel army. I have sent them to Fort Pike for safe-keeping as hostages. No vessels were found except one, that had a pass from headquarters at New Orleans. Several persons, whites, were brought away from the bay, who wished to escape persecution. Under the lead of an Indian guide a party of 20 was sent 10 miles through the woods to the house of a captain of rebel rangers, in the expectation, of finding him at home. In this its party was disappointed, but a considerable quantity of corn, flour, and hospital stores for the rebel army was found, which was destroyed, as the party had no means of bringing it away. The same guide pointed out a herd of cattle, part of which belonged to a captain absent in the rebel army. The guide selected all those with his mark upon them, 20 in number, which were taken on board the steamer and brought away. While the steamer was in Jordan River, toward evening she was fired upon by a party of rebels in the woods. The balls passed through the saloon in many places, even touching the clothes of some of the party, but no one was hurt. The firing was promptly returned, with what effect is not known, except that the only mounted man of the party was seen to fall.

I very much wish that a small light-draught steamer may be attached to this post, as we would then he enabled to make frequent excursions up and down the rebels coast, which now we cannot do.

Very respectfully,

NEAL DOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER, New Orleans.

JUNE 29, 1862.-Capture of steamer Ann under the guns of Fort Morgan, Ala.

Report of Lieutenant Col. W. L. Powell, C. S. Army, commanding Brigade, and resulting correspondence.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Fort Morgan, Ala., July 1, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have respectfully to submit the following report in detail upon the loss of the British steamer Ann, with a portion of her cargo, which had arrived under the guns of this fortification, in attempting to run the blockade of this harbor:

