
CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT. No. --. Tupelo, Miss., June 18, 1862.

Breckinridge's division, Army of the Mississippi, will be prepared so move in light marching order with all possible celerity, with six days' subsistence, 100 rounds of ammunition for small-arms, and the current supply for field batteries. Brigadier-General Preston will report at once to the commander of the forces for special instructions.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. GRENT,Acting Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SPECIAL DEPARTMENT, No. 16. Grenada, Miss., June 23, 1862.

I. The commanding officer of General Breckinridge's corps will send forward immediately by railroad, as fast as fast as transportation is furnished, the brigades constituting that corps to Vicksburg, Miss., with ten days' rations and a complement of ammunition. The senior officer present with these detachments will report to Major-General Van Dorn until the arrival of the corps commander or the commanding general of the troops of this special department.

II. As soon as Breckinridge's corps shall have moved, Brigadier-General Villepigue will move forward with his brigade, as rapidly as transportation can be furnished him, to Vicksburg, provided with a complement of ammunition and ten days' rations for his troops, and, on arriving, report to the commanding general of this special department, or, in his absence, to Major-General Van Dorn, for orders and instructions.

III. The quartermaster, subsistence, and medical departments are charged with the prompt execution of the duties incumbent on them, respectfully.

IV. Colonel [W. H.] Jackson,in command, with his cavalry regiment and additional companies, will continue to cover our northern bolder, and Colonel [W. B.] Shelby, with his regiment, will remain under his command with the advance, and the armed companies of General Thompson will remain at Grenada to join the remainder of that force. General Thompson will command along the line of the Memphis and Tennessee Railroad, retaining the present armed force there, and he will carry into execution the special instructions communicated to him.

V. Col. B. Desha Harman is assigned to the command of the post of Grenada, and will send all unarmed troops forward as rapidly as possible to Jackson, Miss., and into execution all special instructions.

By command of Brigadier-General Ruggles:

L. D. SANDIDGE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army.

JACKSON, MISS., June 24, 1862.

General DANIEL RUGGLES:

Can you send messenger to the commander of the ram Arkansas, and suggest to him to come out, run the fleet, and get behind them and sink

