
transports?* If he is fast enough he can do this easily. He could clear the river below. It is better to die game and do some execution than to lie by and be burned up in the Yazoo.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. MISS. AND E. LA., No. 3. Jackson, Miss., June 26, 1862.

I. The major-general commanding announces the following-named officers as members of his staff. They will be respected and obeyed accordingly: Col. Philip Stockton, chief of ordnance; Major A. M. Haskell, inspector-general; Major J. D. Balfour, inspector-general; Major Edward Dillon, chief commissary; Major Claud McGivern, chief quartermaster; Major M. M. Kimmel, assistant adjutant-general; Surg. John M. Haden, medical director; Asst. Surg. Howard Smith, medical purveyor; Lieutenant Clement Sulivane, and Rufus Shoemaker, aides-de-camp. All person having communications with any of the staff departments will address them to the respective hands of the departments.

II. Col. Fred. Tate is hereby announced as provost-marshal-general for this department. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. MISS. AND E. LA., No. 5. Vicksburg, June 29, 1862.

The general commanding regrets that it has become necessary to call the attention of the troops encamped in this vicinity to the Articles of War in regard to the destruction of private property. It was hooded that respect for the heroic people who have given up all to bombardment in such a glorious cause wold have checked anything line marauding or wanton destruction of their property. For the sake of your honor, let it not be said that you have damaged this city more than the enemy's guns. Officers of regiments encamped near private property will be held responsible for its safety. Injuries done will be assessed, and the regimental officers will be required to pay for it in proportion to the amount of their pay.

By order of Major General Earl Van Dorn:

M. M. KIMMEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION, No. 2. Vicksburg, Miss., July 10, 1862.

Hereafter the several brigades composing this division will be numbered as follows: First Brigade, Brigadier-General Bowen; Second Brigade, and Fourth Brigade, Col. W. S. Statham.

By command of Major-General Breckinridge:

JOHN T. PICKETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Ruggles to Van Dorn, p. 765.

---------------

71 R R-VOL XV

