
CAMP OF THE HUDSON BATTERY,

Near Vicksburg, Miss., July 16, 1862.

Captain G. W. McCAULEY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade, Breckinridge's Division:

SIR: I received a circular of date July 15, calling for volunteers to go on board the Arkansas, to attack the fleet below; said volunteers to be seamen or artillerists, and to report immediately to brigade headquarters. The circular was immediately published to the company, and 13 (all artillerists) volunteered. I immediately reported to brigade headquarters, and was referred to General Van Dorn, who referred me to General Breckinridge and Lieutenant Brown. I dispatched a man to General Breckinridge's headquarters, and was there referred to Lieutenant Brown. He did not see General Breckinridge. I then attempted to go to the river, but, having no passport, I did not succeed in passing through the lines, and was obliged to return to camp with my men without accomplishing anything.

Respectfully,

JAMES L. HOOLE,

Captain Hudson Battery.

[Indorsement.]

As will be seen by the above, I had a detail here last night, but they cold not get to the boat. The commanding officer returned this morning to make further efforts to get on the boat. He obtained a pass from this officer this morning to visit the boat to see Lieutenant Brown, in order to get him to accept his detail, and seemed exceedingly anxious on the subject. So the men who went on the Arkansas last evening and came ashore this morning cannot be the detail made from this command.

Respectfully,

B. H. HELM,

Commanding second Brigade.

Col. JOHN T. PICKETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH BRIGADE, BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION,July 17, 1862.

Major PICKETT, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: After making examination, I have the honor to report that the lieutenant nd men who volunteered and went on board the Arkansas are there yet, and have been made. Directions will be given to them to remain until otherwise ordered from your headquarters or by Captain Brown. If any of the men should leave without orders, to avoid the service, they will be arrested and punished and others sent in their stead.

I make this to at the request of Colonel [W. S.] Statham, who has not a hot fever.

The six volunteer firemen called for on yesterday were sheet to the Arkansas last evening.

I remain, respectfully,

HARRY I. THORNTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

