
committed some disturbances, the Mexican authorities, in use of the perfect right which they have, ordered his arrest, and, as he resisted said orders with his arms, he was killed. In consequence of this, Don Santos Benavides crossed with a force of 60 men, trampling on the civil and military authorities, and committing other outrages. Finally, to-day at 4 a. m., a force of those that are under your command crossed from that bank to this, and at the mouth of the river seized Colonel [E. J.] Davis, of the Northern States, and some other individuals.

After the conferences that have taken place between the authorities of both sides, I cannot doubt that the commanders who have committed such acts have done so without your orders; that, therefore, the acts of which they have become culpable, and which constitute one of the most serious crimes against international law, will meet with your censure, and that justly provoked against these proceedings, you will order that those guilty of it be punished.

Mexico is a neutral territory, in which foreigners enjoy equal guarantees, without reference to the political parties they may belong to, and, so long as they do not violate the laws of the republic, they will enjoy equal protection, be they called Confederates or Federal. I trust, therefore, that, justly provoked against these proceedings, you will order that those guilty of it be punished.

The nature of the events that have transpired obliges me to request that you will give me an answer at your earliest convenience, and that you accept the assurance of my consideration and esteem.

Liberty and reform.

ALBINO LOPEZ.

MATAMORAS, March 15, 1863.
HDQRS. WESTERN SUB-MILITARY DIST. OF TEXAS,Fort Brown, March 16, 1863.

His Excellency ALBINO LOPEZ,

Governor of the State of Tamaulipas, Matamoras:

SIR: I have the honor to receive at 7 o'clock last evening your communication of that date, and hasten to assure you of my great regret that the events of which you informed me should have occurred. the arrest of the person you call Maddock [Maddox] was when I was personally present at the Boca de Rio, and under circumstances that I through gave me the right to make the arrest. The boat was within a few of the left bank of the river, and within what I deemed to be the jurisdiction of Texas.

I will, with the permission of Your Excellency, take a little more time to examine the question, to state that the person arrested claims to be a citizen of the Confederate States, and has a passport from those authorities, and I am at a loss to see in what way he claims any other protection.

The conduct of Captain Santos Benavides at Nuevo Laredo will be officially inquired into so soon as I receive his report. Your note conveyed to me the only information I have on that subject. As to the unfortunate occurrence at the Boca del Rio yesterday, I have the honor to assure Your Excellency that neither as commanding general nor as an individual did I know anything about the affair until after it occurred; that I disavow the act as a military movement by the soldiers of the

