
Confederate States, and tender to you, as the representative of the authorities of Mexico, my regret at its occurrence and my disavowal of all intent on the part of the authority that I represent to offer an indignity to the Mexican Government, and Also assure Your Excellency that I will use every means in my power to punish the offenders.

The occurrence may be considered the legitimate result of the scandalous conduct of the consul of the United States in openly enlisting soldiers for the military service of that Government in the streets of Matamoras, in defiance and contempt of the neutrality of Mexico. It was a collision that might have been expected to occur at any moment, where only a narrow river divided two bodies of men, both essentially military in their organization, and embittered by the sanguinary nature of the struggle between their nationalities, as I had the honor to warn Your Excellency in a personal interview as most likely to ensue, yet so determined was I that no conflict should arise, that upon the appearance of the Federal transport off the mouth of the river, and the consequent necessity on my part to strengthen the picket at that place, i went there in person, in hopes that the obnoxious party would embark for their destination, and that thus all danger of a collision would be avoided. The weather, unfortunately, prevented this consummation, and my public duties called me to Point Isabel, where I was at the time of the occurrence. It is due to myself to state that, although the conduct of the soldiers of the United States on the Mexican side of the river was calculated to incense and enrage my troops, all sorts of insulting messages and epithets being sent across the river, yet my orders were most positive to prevent all illegal crossing, and my troops were urged to bear with calmness, for the honor of their country, all these outrages.

I have ordered a military commission at once to examine all the facts connected with this affair, and to endeavor to ascertain who were concerned in it, for up to this time I have failed to obtain any official knowledge on these points.

The action being without orders, the participants, for their own safety, seek possible concealment, and only by a military investigation can the truth be elicited. The prisoner spoken of by you are not in my possession, but are evidently concealed by those who captured them. Proper steps are being taken to ascertain where they are, and when tht shall be ascertained, Your Excellency will be informed of my determination.

I have deemed it proper to make this hurried statement, without waiting for the official facts, in deference to Your Excellency's urgent request for a speedy answer, and that no time might be lost in tendering my official disavowal of the proceeding.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

MILITARY COMMANDANCY OF THE STATE OF TAMAULIPAS,

WAR DEPARTMENT.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 16th instant. It gives me pleasure to hear of your disapproval of the recent indignity offered to the Mexican Republic, and to know that you have taken the necessary steps to investigate the truth regarding the persons implicated in the transgression. In this

