
with orders I have received from the Supreme Government of the Republic, I will continue to regulate my policy according to the principle of strict neutrality.

Accept the assurances of my regard and consideration.

Liberty and reform.

ALBINO LOPEZ.

MATAMORAS, March 17, 1868.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Fort Brown, March 18, 1863.

His Excellency ALBINO LOPEZ,

Governor of the State of Tamaulipas:

SIR: Referring to my letter of the 16th instant, I have the honor to inform you that three men, purporting to be persons abducted from the right bank of the river on Sunday last, were delivered to the main guard at Fort Brown by parties to me as yet unknown. Their release and return to the right bank of the river was immediately ordered. Having discovered last evening that E. J. Davis was secreted at a distance of 9 leagues from this place, I immediately dispatched a force for him, and have caused him also to be sent to the right bank of the river. The persons are thus returned to the territory of Mexico, at the request of Your Excellency, to whom it gives me pleasure to show this mark of personal regard. Were I to consider the many instances in which the dignity of my country has been outraged, and the lives and property of my fellow-citizens sacrificed, by persons operating under the advice and control of this same E. J. Davis, while harbored on the neutral soil of Mexico, I might perhaps be justly led to a different determination.

Trusting that the affair, otherwise so much to be regretted, may serve to warn the residents of both sides of the river against the repetition of acts or language tending to cause such unhappy occurrences, I	 have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

MILITARY DEPARTMENT OF THE STATE OF TAMAULIPAS.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE,

Commanding Western Sub-District of Texas, Fort Brown.

I have had the honor of receiving your communication of this date, informing me that, in consequence of your investigations,

Colonel Davis has been found, and that your returned him, with three other individuals of those apprehended at the mouth of the river. I have the pleasure to say to you, in answer, that the said persons have arrived in this city. I have been informed that Captain Montgomery, who is one of those apprehended, is still alive, although it was removed that he was killed after his apprehension. According to the statements which circulated at that time, he was hung, while passing the ranch San Martin; but later advices inform me that it was not so, because he passed by place which are two or more leagues above said ranch. It is to be supposed that he likewise has been secreted, and that if you use your power and influence he can be found. I will also be obliged to you if you will

