
issue your orders for the return of the arms that were taken from those who were apprehended.

The last part of the communication which I have the honor of answering contains an opinion on the subject of which I have already given you my views. Without a doubt it is the duty of the Mexican authorities not to allow acts which violate the neutrality of Mexico, and, taking that view, will not tolerate the proceedings of which Colonel Davis is accused. They act accordingly, and are using every means in their power to ferret out the reality; but the culpability that may be attached to him cannot be redressed in Texas unless the Confederate authorities possess themselves of him by some means consistent with international law. Your clear judgment will show you that these considerations are the results of your loyal proceedings.

Please accept the assurances of my esteem and consideration.

Liberty and reform.

ALBINO LOPEZ.

MATAMORAS, March 18, 1863.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Fort Brown, March 19, 1863.

Governor LOPEZ:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I have received information that Jose Dias and Zapata arrived at the Boca del Rio, on board of the United States steamer Hoduras, with a considerable number of arms destined for the use of the Zapata outlaws, they having been sent to New Orleans for that purpose; that the stormy weather prevented the landing of the arms; but as the same vessel is expected to return very soon, I hasten to give you this information, that you may be pleased to take such measures as may seem to you proper to prevent the violation of the neutrality of Mexico.

I am informed that Dias returned on board of the vessel to New Orleans, but I am positive that Zapate is now at the Boca del Rio. They were both in the late organization of Zapata.

With great respect,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

MILITARY COMMANDANCY OF THE STATE OF TAMAULIPAS,

WAR DEPARTMENT.

GENERAL: As soon as I received your favor of the 19th instant, I dispatched the necessary orders for the detention of the arms should they be unloaded, and I can assure you that under no consideration shall they be used for the purpose they appear to be intended for.

After my communication to you, in answer to yours of the 10th instant, I have dispatched orders for the arrest of Zapata. To-day they were repeated. I am, however, informed that he is not at the mouth of the river, but should he be there or return to that place, he will be arrested and tried according to law.

Accept the assurances of my regard.

Liberty and reform.

ALBINO LOPEZ.

MATAMORAS, March 20, 1863.

