
for explanation; and upon a frank and full disavowal of the act as authorized or countermanded by them being received, the full allowance was made for the unsettled condition of affairs on the line, and an act fraught with danger to the peace of both frontier was settled on the terms proposed by the Mexican authorites. Yet when a violation of Mexican sill takes place, with the especial difference that it was not aimed at the Government or people of Mexico, and although the act was promptly disavowed, I am pained to know that the most violent ebullitions of feeling against my country were shown by the people of Matamoras, and bands of music paraded the streets, with shouts of menace and insult to me and my troops, and as I heard them myself, although sitting at my quarters in Bownsvile, I have a right to think and announce to Your Excellency that it is Mexico which shows a hostile attitude to my country, and that on her will rest the responsibility of breaking the peaceable relations which I do so much to foster. Conscious that I have done my whole duty both to Mexico and my Government, I dismiss the subject, with the renewed assurance of my most distinguished respect and esteem.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

H. P. SEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Fort Brown, March 22, 1863.

His Excellency ALBINO LOPEZ,

Governor of the State of Mamaulipas:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the citizen Maddox, taken from on board a small boat in the waters of the Rio Grande, by my permission, has been examined, and it being ascertained that he is, and claims to be, a citizen of the Confederate States, he has been set at liberty to go where he pleases. The treaty of Guadalupe de Hidalgo prescribes that the center of the channel of the Rio Grande is the boundary of Mexico,and I claim for the confederate Stes full jurisdiction on this side of that center of the channel, and that right is not intended to be waived by the release of the said Maddox.

It gives me great satisfaction to inclose to you a copy of the official report* made to me by Captain Santos Benavides of the occurrences at Nuevo Laredo, which I hope will relieve the ming of Your Excellency as to any indignity having been intended or offered to the Mexican authorities. from my long acquaintance with Captain Benavides, and high appreciation of him as a man of prudence and discretion, I am satisfied that the authorities on both sides of the line may equally confide in him as not likely to do any act to compromise the relations which should exist.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

