
Dies, and begged for liberty to go to the assistance of his farther. I therefore ordered him to be released on his promise never to engage in hostility to the South. I took the other men on horses which I borrowed for the purpose and brought them to Ponchatoula. Their names are Thomas Sherman and---Williams, both of whom are known to be Lincolnites, and the former is said to be a very dangerous man.

On my return march to Ponchatoula I caused search to be made at the house of one Redding and also the houses of Kinchen and Gancy, but discovered no trace of the murderers. Redding had gone to New Orleans. I took two double-barreled guns from the house of Kinchen and a keg containing about two pounds of powder, and from Ganey's a rifle gun, all of which I brought to Ponchatoula.

On my arrival at Ponchatoula this morning I learned that the party sent out in the boat had returned the day previous without making any arrests or discovering anything of the murderers or escaped prisoners.

On my arrival at Ponchatoula I was much exhausted from want of sleep and my feet were blistered so much as to render it impossible for me to walk after I had got cool, so I put the prisoners, &amp;c., under charge of Lieutenant Bankston and retired to my home, where, tired and sleepy, I write this report.

In closing this report I must say that what little success attended the expedition was attributable to Lieutenants Evans and Starns and the cavalry under their command, all of whom behaved well. The men from your company also acted well, not a murmur escaping from any during the most fatiguing portions of our march, and when we came to water they took it like ducks; but the men from Camp Moore, under charge of Lieutenant Carpenter, complained much from fatigue, and several returned to Ponchatoula the first and second day after our departure. Lieutenant Carpenter himself did all he could to encourage the men both by word and example, but the men under his command were so much fatigued on their arrival at Barbary Swamp that he found it impossible to get them to cross it. He therefore encamped on the east bank of Bayou Barbary until my return from Ascension Parish, after which they did good service in searching houses and doing guard duty on the return march.

To sum up the fruits of our expedition since leaving Ponchatoula amounts to the capturing of three of those interested in the murder of Smith and Harvey and three guns and some powder from the same parties; the killing of the Lincolnite desperado, Adolph Dies, and the capturing of two of his partisans and four guns, three being double-barreled and one rifle.

Regretting that we could do no more, I remain, your obedient servant,

ALFRED BRADLEY,

Lieutenant, Caruthers' Sharpshooters.

Captain W. D. L. McRAE.

JULY 24, 1862.-Skirmish on the Amite River, La.

Report of Lieutenant Col. J. H. Wingfield, Ninth Louisiana Battalion Partisan Rangers.*

JULY 25, 1862-4.30 p.m.

My entire command has been routed. The enemy in great force, estimated at from 1,200 to 2,500, with six pieces of artillery, flanked them

---------------

* Sometimes called First Regiment Louisiana Partisan Rangers.

---------------

