
on all sides. They took position ready to resist an attack, when Captain Wilson ordered them to retreat. Captain Kemps' whole command is supposed to have been taken. The rest are scattered. As soon as possible I shall report to the general. I am now pushing on with a few men as vedettes. I have ordered Captain Mcmichael to pitch his tent on Twelve Mile Bayou, 4 miles west of Greenburg, and have sent out to rally all the men I can. I hope to get all the particulars by 12 m. to-night. We have lost all our stores and camp equipage. I can give no particulars of who is killed, wounded, or missing.

In haste,

J. H. WINGFIELD.

Major J. DE BAUN.

CAMP TURNER, July 26, 1862.

GENERAL: The enemy attacked Captain W. B. Kemp's company about daylight Thursday, 24th, at Benton's Ferry, appearing first in citizen's clothes and crying out they were friends. Captain Kemp ordered his men to retain their fire; but, to the astonishment of all, the Yankees opened on them, when Captain Kemp returned fire, wounding 2 of the enemy, when he fell back, losing 20 or 25 horses, together with all camp equipage and one hour-mule wagon, mules, and harness complete. The enemy, which is spoken of above, 350 strong, continued to advance up the east side of Amite River in the direction of this camp. Two other columns of the enemy in the mean time having crossed at a ford known as Curtis', about 4 miles above Camp Turner, 600 strong, consisting of cavalry, artillery, and infantry, Captain Wilson, who was in command of our forces, threw them in line of battle, and afterward in ambuscade, about 200 strong. The enemy on their approach from Benton's Ferry again halted our pickets as friends, but in this case our pickets fired, killing a lieutenant-colonel and 1 private (this is reported). The enemy at this time commenced shelling our troops from three different points, they attacking us in three columns, each column having one piece of artillery, a detachment of cavalry, and three companies of infantry. Captain Wilson, finding himself flanked and the great disparity of numbers, ordered a retreat. Subsequently the troops, with the exception of some stragglers, rallied, and now occupy their old camp. We have not lost a man nor have we had one wounded.

The depredations committed by the enemy are of the most shameful character on private property and on the persons of our fellow-citizens and helpless women and children.

I do not make this communication as official, not yet having become familiar with all the facts of this affair, but knowing your anxiety to hear from me, I report as near the facts as under the circumstances I can.

The men are in good spirits, and I hope soon to have my camp organized and, if I can be allowed time to drill, have them well disciplined. General, you are aware we have never had one hour's time for drilling.

Very respectfully,

J. H. WINGFIELD,

Lieutenant Col. Comdg. Ninth Louisiana Batt. Partisan Rangers.

Brigadier-General RUGGLES.

