
PENSACOLA, FLA., August 13, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders received from these headquarters in West Florida, I left this place with the following command, viz: Assistant Surgeon Myers, Ninety-first New York Volunteers; First Lieutenant H. P. Norris, First Artillery, and 1 sergeant and 10 men of Company L, First Artillery, and Companies H and K, Ninety-first New York Volunteers. The officers of these companies present were Captain John B. Collin, First Lieutentant Chatterton, and First Lieutenant W. L. Herwerth. (This company represented 95 enlisted men.) Company K was commanded by Captain H. S. Hulbert, First Lieutenant H. L. Evans, and Second Lieutenant S. Brownell. (One hundred men of this company reported for duty.)

At 5.30 p.m. on the 9th instant we left the middle wharf and proceeded up the bay to Bagdad, a town situated on the right bank of Blackwater River, and distant from this place some 28 miles. At this place I tied up the steamer, posted the necessary guards, and took 20 men and reconnoitered and explored the suburbs of the town, where I was informed I wound find a large quantity of naval stores that had been hidden by some rebels engaged to build a gunboat. I searched the town thoroughly and found but few stores. These I put on board and directed the men to rest until daylight, soon after which I steamed up to Milton, distant from there about 2 miles. At this place I obtained the light-house clock, which had been stolen at the outbreak of the rebellion from the light-house at this place; also a few stores, with some ship lumber and a quantity of wrought iron, all of which I put on board of the steamer. I also had considerable furniture put on board that belonged and has since been turned over to Union families, brought to this place by the last expedition under my command; after which I directed the captain of the steamer to blow the steamer's whistle, which was the signal for all to return to the boat. All returned in the course of one hour or thereabouts except 1 man, Private Charles Ozier, of Company H, Ninety-first New York Volunteers. Having waited as long as I thought proper, I steamed up and returned to Bagdad. At this point I put on board a quantity of furniture, 3 crows and calves, 2 large anchors, and 1 large cable-chain, the property of known Union men. After having spent two hours at this place, hoping that the man left at Milton would rejoin this command and finding that he did not, I started for Hunt's Mill, where I stopped and had carried on board some 20 cords of pine wood, much needed here. Having completed my instructions I steamed up and returned to this place, where I arrived at about 6.30 o'clock on the evening of the 10th instant.

The stores seized are as follows:

Five boxes 1 1/4-inch brads, 100 pounds; 1 light-house clock; 1,000 pounds of rod iron; 1 grindstone; 3,000 feet deck planks; 1 platformscale; 2 hay-scales; 6 small circular saws; 2 sets taps and dies; 8 wooden clamp-screws; 1 pump-auger; 5 papers wrought nails; 2 gallons spirits of turpentine; 10 wooden clamp-screws; 4 pieces Indiarubber belting; 2 bubbles sand-paper; 1 package auger-bits, and 20 cords of pine wood; all of which have been turned over by me to the provost-marshal. None of the rebel forces were seen during the trip.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. N. SHIPLEY,

Captain, U. S. Army, Commanding Expedition.

Captain CHARLES C. DWIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Pensacola, Fla.

