
AUGUST 10, 1862.-Affair at Bayou Sara, La.

Report of Brigadier General C. N. Rowley, Louisiana Militia, commanding Sixth Brigade Louisiana Militia.
HDQRS. SIXTH BRIGADE LOUISIANA MILITIA,Point Coupee, La., August 11, 1862.

GENERAL: Yesterday the enemy's iron-clad gunboat Essex came to Bayou Sara early anchored near the shore, where she now lies (4 p.m.). About 5 p.m. yesterday also came a transport, which is still at Bayou Sara. On arriving the gunboat threw some shells into the lower part of Bayou Sara, and when she saw the transport coming up she shelled the road and fields on this side the river. The transport then came to the ferry, landing on this side, and took on board a quantity of sugar lying there to be carried across to Bayou Sara. They compelled the negroes of Bemis and Col. Stephen Van Vickle to roil the sugar on board, while 100 armed men stood guard over them. They notified Mr. Gill to have his hands ready to put another lot on board which was lying three-quarters of a mile above, but they left this side before it was accomplished, the whole or larger part being on this bank this morning. There was a large quantity of sugar at the railroad depot in Bayou Sara, which we hear they seized, but cannot say whether they have it on board.

Having no adequate force yet collected, and those we have out being 15 miles below here, and the company of Rangers of Captain Thompson being either at the Atchafalaya, 45 miles above, or gone to Opelousas, we could do nothing to prevent these marauders from executing their plans. However, Colonel [F. H.] Farrar had guards out all night on every road to cut off any straglers and prevent the negroes and others from having access to the enemy. I also wrote to Captain Thompson, and sent a special bearer, requesting him to return to this neighborhood, where our militia might co-operate with him and prevent any small parties from prowling and restrain their plunderings.

We cannot form an opinion whether they have merely come upon a thieving errand or will be stationed permanently at Bayou Sara. They got 400 or 500 hogsheads of sugar, I think, here and at Bayou Sara, which belongs almost entirely to speculators. They also arrested and took on board two or three persons who have been engaged in crossing sugar. I believe they hold them prisoners still .

C. N. ROWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Comdg. Sixth Brigade Louisiana [Militia].

Major General H. L. LEWIS, Commanding Louisiana Militia.

AUGUST 20-21, 1862.-Skirmish at and evacuation of Baton Rouge, La.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Brigadier General Daniel Ruggles, C. S. Army.

No. 2.-Major J. De Baun, Ninth Louisiana Battalion Partisan Rangers.

No. 3.-J. A. De Russy, Provisional Mayor.

No. 1. Report of Brigadier General Daniel Ruggles, C. S. Army.

PORT HUDSON, August 23, 1862.

Our scouts drove in the enemy's pickets at Baton Rouge on the 20th

9 R R-VOL XV

