
But, sir, in further reply I will state that neither the municipal authorities nor the citizens will ever consent to the surrender of the city.

Respectfully, yours,

L. LINDSAY,

Mayor of the City.
HEADQUARTERS,Vicksburg, Miss., May 18, 1862.

S. P. LEE,

Comdg. Advance of Naval Division, U. S. S. Oneida:

SIR: As your communication of this date is addressed "To the authorities of Vicksburg," and that you may have a full reply to the said communication, I have to state that Mississippians don't know and refuse to learn how to surrender to an enemy. If Commodore Farragut or Brigadier-General Butler can teach them, let them come and try. As to the defenses of Vicksburg, I respectfully refer you to Brigadier-General Smith, commanding forces at or near Vicksburg, whose reply is herewith inclosed.*

Respectfully,

JAMES L. AUTRY,

Military Governor and Colonel Commanding Post.

U. S. STEAMER ONEIDA,

Below Vicksburg, Miss., May 21, 1862.

L. LINDSAY, ESQ.,

Mayor of the City of Vicksburg:

SIR: It becomes my duty to give you notice to remove the women and children beyond the range of our guns within twenty-four hours, as it will be impossible to attack the defenses without injuring or destroying the town, a proceeding which all the authorities of Vicksburg seem determined to require. I had hoped that the same spirit which induced the military authorities to retire from the city of New Orleans rather than wantonly sacrifice the lives and property of its inhabitants would have been followed here.

Respectfully, yours,

S. PHILLIPS LEE,

Commanding Advance of Naval Division.

MAYOR'S OFFICE,

Vicksburg, Miss., May 21, 1862

S. P. LEE, U. S. Navy,

Comdg. Advance of Naval Division, U. S. S. Oneida:

SIR: Your communication of this date was handed to me at a late hour this evening; too late to give public notice to the women and children. In consequence thereof I shall date your twenty-four hours' time from to-morrow morning, the 22d instant, at 8 a.m.

Respectfully,

L. LINDSAY, Mayor.

---------------

*See Smith's report, p. 7.

---------------

