
different points between us and Boutte Station. I dispatched Major Dillinghan to Carrollton immediately after the accident, with orders to communicate with General Butler relative to our situation and with regard to our probable inability to co-operate with Colonel McMillan. Had I disembarked and attempted to march to Boutte I should have been obliged to have gone out to the river and made a distance of 17 miles and could not have reached there until evening. I believed I could reach that point earlier by returning and going by boat up the river.

The total casualties of the two days as follows: Killed, 9; wounded, 27; missing, 155. One 12-pounder howitzer and two Ellsworth guns, after rendered useless by throwing portions of them into the river, fell into the hands of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN THOMAS,

Colonel Eighth Regiment Vermont Volunteers.

Captain R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf.

SEPTEMBER 7-8, 1862.-Expedition from Carrollton to vicinity of Saint Charles Court-House, La., and skirmish.

No. 1.-Col. James W. McMillan, Twenty-first Indiana Infantry.

No. 2.-Major Frederick Frye, Ninth Connecticut Infantry.

No. 1. Report of Col. James W. McMillan, Twenty-first Indiana Infantry.

DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

Camp Carrollton, La., September 9, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to an order received from Major-General Butler, commanding the department, dated September 7, I took the Twenty-first Indiana Regiment and battery and the Fourth Wisconsin Regiment, of Col. H. E. Paine's brigade, and proceeded up the Mississippi River about 15 miles, where I learned there was a considerable force of rebels on the west bank about 20 miles above the city. As the enemy's position led me to believe they could be captured, I at once returned to the city and gave the commanding general what information I could get.

Having discussed and agreed upon a plan of operations, I was again, on the 8th instant ordered up the river with the same command; also one section of Thompson's battery, Colonel Paine in command of the Fourteenth Maine and Ninth Connecticut Regiments and two sections of Thompson's battery. When near the place the rebels were last reported I went ashore and learned they had gone up the river. Colonel Paine having landed his regiment 2 or 3 miles above, I at once revolsed to go yet higher up the river and cut off the rebels. When about 5 miles above Saint Charles Court-House I again touched shore, and finding I was above the rebels I at once commenced landing my force. I ordered Captain Roy, with five companies of the Twenty-first Indiana

