
with 250 men from each (the Twenty-first Indiana and Fourth Wisconsin Regiments), returned to explore the swamp again for horses. I brought down about 50 to-day and killed a large number that were totally unable to get out of the swamp. The rebels proved to be Colonel [E.] Waller's Texas Cavalry. We captured over 50 prisoners, including several commissioned officers. We found but 2 dead and 3 wounded, but the prisoners say our shell and canister killed and wounded several in the swamp. We captured about and saddles, 2 rebel flags, 1 French flag, shot-guns, pistols, and indeed nearly everything they had with them, even to their spurs.

The officers and men of my command did all that soldiers could-did their duty well. The operations of Colonel Paine's command will, I infer, be the subject of a separate report by himself.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. McMILLAN,

Colonel Twenty-first Indiana Volunteers.

Major GEORGE C. STRONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 2. Report of Major Frederick Frye, Ninth Connecticut Infantry.

CAMP PARAPET, LA., September 12, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor of inclosing to you my report of an expedition against the enemy in the neighborhood of Saint Charles Court-House, on the opposite side of the river.

The expedition, accompanied by the armed steamer Mississippi, was under command of Actg. Brigadier General H. E. Paine, and was composed of the Fourth Wisconsin and Sixth Michigan Regiments and a section of the First Maine Battery in one division, and the Ninth Connecticut and Fourteenth Maine Regiments, with another section of the same battery, in another division.

Word had been received that the enemy were establishing a camp and had already concentrated a force of 2,000 infantry, a full battery of light artillery, and about 500 cavalry. In accordance with orders, the Ninth Connecticut, about 500 strong, embarked at Carrollton on the transport Morning Light, with a section of battery, at 11 o'clock on the night of September 7, and landed at daylight at a point above Carrollton on the opposite side of the river, with the Fourteenth Maine, the other division landing 5 or 6 miles above, all to converge to a common center, proper signals having been arranged. After moving forward about a mile signal was made from the mast-head of the Mississippi, "Enemy approaching." The artillery shelled the woods, but falling to dislodge the enemy, the Ninth Connecticut were thrown forward as skirmishers. After moving forward several miles through woods, swamps, bayous, and canebrakes, everywhere finding traces of a flying enemy, abandoned haversacks, blankets, bundles, papers, &amp;c., it was found that the enemy, mostly cavalry, attempting to break through in this direction, had been driven back, and, abandoning their horses, saddles, and equipments, had fled into an almost impenetrable swamp, but being surrounded on all sides our troops killed and wounded 8, taking about 40 prisoners and bringing in upwards of 200 horses ready equipped. This was accomplished

