
without loss on our side. A lot of sutler's and other stores were also recaptured, which had been taken by the enemy from the steamer Whiteman, sunk by collision after the battle of Baton Rouge.

The regiments were re-embarked at about 6 o'clock p.m., the Wisconsin and Michigan regiments, with their section of battery and the captured booty, returning to Carrollton, while the Connecticut and Maine regiments and the other section of battery proceeded up the river to cut off the enemy's retreat. Pickets were thrown out that night, and Captain Hennessy, Company E, of the Ninth Connecticut, having been sent out with his company, captured a colored rebel scout, well mounted, who had been sent out to watch our movements. It being ascertained that the enemy had proceeded in another direction, we re-embarked and returned to our encampments, arriving at 6 p.m., September 9.

The men deserve great credit for their energy and determination, for though not covered from the effects of the Vicksburg and Baton Rouge expedition, nota man lagged.

* * * * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREDERICK FRYE,

Major, Comdg. Ninth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers.

J. D. WILLIAMS,

Adjutant-General, State of Connecticut.

SEPTEMBER 13-15, 1862.-Expedition to Pass Manchac and Ponchatoula La., and skirmish.

REPORTS, ETC.

No. 1.-Major General Benjamin F. Butler, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of the Gulf.

No. 2.-Major George C. Strong, Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf.

No. 3.-Brigadier General Daniel Ruggles, C. S. Army, and instructions.

No. 1. Report of Major General Benjamin F. Butler, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of the Gulf.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., September 24, 1862.

GENERAL: Having been informed that a small force of the enemy was repairing Manchac Pass, and that the troops had been withdrawn from Ponchatoula, 48 miles north of this city, the headquarters of General Jeff. Thompson, I directed Major Strong, my chief of staff, to take five companies of men to complete the destruction of the bridge and the repairs, if any, and, by a division of his force, to endeavor to secure the person of General Thompson and to destroy his supplies.

Owing to the heavy draught of our boats, as set forth in Major Strong's report (herewith inclosed), it was found impossible to carry the place, as originally proposed; but Major Strong, not to be baffled, determined upon an attack, and in open day, at the head of 112 men, made of march of 10 miles upon the headquarters of a general who was collecting forces to attack New Orleans, drove away a light battery of artillery, supported

