
whereby none of the public property was permitted to fail into the hands of the enemy.

As I learn to-day the two sail vessels have anchored opposite the town and sent some men ashore. I have no information as to the force of the enemy and have no clue as yet to his future movements.

I have been re-enforced to-day by Elmore's regiment, Wilson's battery, and one company of Griffin's battalion, Captain Cook's.

I will observe the movements of the enemy and promptly report the result, and shall lose no opportunity of inflicting injury upon him.

Your obedient servant,

A. W. SPAIGHT,

Lieutentant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant R. M. FRANKLIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEPTEMBER 27, 1862.-Affair on Taylor's Bayou, Tex.

Report of Lieutenant Col. A. W. Spaight, Spaight's Texas Battalion.
HEADQUARTERS SPAIGHT'S BATTALION,Beaumont, Tex., September 29, 1862.

SIR: On the night of the 7th instant the enemy sent up three launches to the mouth of Taylor's Bayou and attempted to burn the railroad bridge (Eastern Texas) across that stream. The fire was set just before day was extinguished by the guard stationed there. The damage was very slight and has been repaired. They took off with them three citizens, one being the mail boy, who happened to be stopping at the house near the bridge.

I sent a cavalry company down on yesterday to the bridge, but shall be obliged to replace it with infantry, as I have just learned water for horses cannot be procured in that vicinity. Half of one of my infantry companies are down with measles and quite a number of two others not yet entirely convalescent from yellow fever, which renders me short of men to guard all points and do the work on hand. I shall endeavor to entice the enemy to make another attempt on the bridge. Meanwhile I will scout actively in and around the Pass. I have this moment learned they were out again last night in the lake opposite Taylor's Bayou, and may have gone higher up. I shall experience no little difficulty in concealing my designs, or rather movements, on account of the unreliable character of a portion of the population in the vicinity of the Pass.

No depredations have been committed so far on the citizens of the town. They have indicated a line below the town beyond which their men are not permitted to go and the citizens are forbidden to go below it. They say the propeller has gone for two light-draught gunboats, which will be here in two weeks.

I must ask for an order to charter one of the river boats, with a view to re-marking the stakes that mark the channels across the bars and to obstructing the channels in the event of an attempt to ascend the river.

Your obedient servant,

A. W. SPAIGHT,

Lieutentant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant R. M. FRANKLIN, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

10 R R-VOL XV

