
may be put in position in a few days. If they can be had, Major Kellersberg's assistance is very desirable.

Your obedient servant,

A. W. SPAIGHT,

Lieutentant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant R. M. FRANKLIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 5, 1862.-Capture of Galveston, Tex., by Union fleet.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Brigadier General Paul O. Hebert, C. S. Army, commanding First District of Texas.

No. 2.-Col. X. B. Debray, Debray's Texas Regiment.

No. 3.-Col. Joseph J. Cook, Cook's Texas Regiment.

No. 1. Report of Brigadier General Paul O. Hebert, C. S. Army, commanding First District of Texas.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DISTRICT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, Tex., October 15, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I yesterday dispatches from the officer in command at Houston, announcing that a naval squadron, which had suddenly appeared off Galveston, had forced its way into the inner bay and held command of that city under its guns. The island was always untenable with the very few guns we had against any respectable naval force, and most of these guns had been placed in battery on the main -land at Virginia Point, a position commanding the railroad and railroad bridge. The garrison retired in good order to the main-land, with arms, ammunition, stores, &amp;c., leaving nothing behind that can be of any service to the enemy. It does not appear that they have as yet any land forces.

The officer in command of the squadron, Captain Renshaw, stated that he would hoist the United States flag over the city of Galveston or over its ashes.

Three deserters from the squadron, under examination by our officers, stated that the commander of the squadron had sent a steamer to Pensacola for five more gunboats, and that it was his intention to scour and ravage the whole coast of Texas. We have nothing on the coast to resist them. The few batteries I have at different points west of Galveston are mounted with 18 and 24 pounders. The United States ship are all armed with the latest improvements in guns, all of long range. Nothing will be left undone by me to prevent the enemy from penetrating into the interior, although I have no force to resist a formidable invasion.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. O. HEBERT,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

Col. JAMES DESHLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Trans-Miss. Dept., Little Rock, Ark.

