
platform to be established at 1 1/2 miles from the works. I believe I can cripple some of the vessels if they come within range of our guns, which are all in a very good condition, well supplied with ammunition and implements. I am laboring under great difficulties to supply the troops with water and fuel. I impart all the activity I can to the officers of the quartermaster's department, and I hope supplies will be abundant.

Document D* exhibits the measures taken to defend the mouth of she San Jacinto.

Document E* is an order organizing a system of scouts along the coast throughout the sub-district.

Lieutentant-Colonel Bates demands troops and artillery. I have none to give him.

I have ordered Major Brown to Matagorda to protect that town. The Nechez and Sabine are, I hope, by this time protected from incursion by the enemy . I have received no late reports from that quarter. I have cut off all communication with Galveston City. I intend, however, to send parties to harass the enemy if he lands, and to compel him to give protection to those who shall apply to him for it. His only means will be to try to destroy the bridge. To do this he must wait for mortar boats, which he has sent for, if the information I have received from deserters, whom I interrogated closely, is correct. Meanwhile the other portions of our coast will probably be free from their incursions. Document F* is the interrogatory of the deserters.

The yellow fever has broken out in this city. I have ordered the hospital to be evacuated to Columbus.

I have ordered the road from Alleyton to San Antonio to be stocked with relays of mules, to bear expresses if necessary. The relays are at Belmont, Sweet Home, and Alleyton-two mules and one driver at each station for a light ambulance. That service is now organized.

Duty calls me here to attend to business left behindhand. I have a locomotive in readiness. Three hours will suffice, when I receive information of movements by the enemy, to carry me to Fort Hebert, where I shall make the best defense I can .

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

X. B. DEBRAY,

Colonel, Comdg. Sub-Military District of Houston, Tex.

Captain S. B. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c., San Antonio, Tex.

P. S.-His Excellency Governor Lubbock is here. I inclosed to you his proclamation ratifying my order cutting off intercourse with Galveston. I forgot to state that in the evening of the 12th Mr. J Moore, formerly city clerk, and now mayor pro tempore of the city of Galveston, appointed by the residents who remained, came to see me within our lines, with a message from the inhabitants, to the effect that Commander Renshaw, commanding the United States flotilla, had kindly consented to the passage of our trains over the bridge to Eagle Grove, where we could deposit (to be transported by vehicles to Galveston) such articles of subsistence as the inhabitants might need. I have of course declined availing myself of the privilege extended to me by the enemy.

OCTOBER 13, 8 p.m.-I have just received your communication of the 11th instant. The columbiad is still here, because the general told me it was worthless-could not be fired off without upsetting. Major

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

