
Kellersberg has not returned from the Sabine and Nechez, where he is making works of defense. Major Von Harten is superintending the construction of platforms, and does it well. I expect that by 11 o'clock this morning five pieces shall be in position in addition to the others.

9 A. M.-Nothing new at Virginia Point. Troops in good spirits.

[Document A.]
HDQRS. SUB-MILITARY DISTRICT OF HOUSTON,Galveston, Tex., October 5, 1862.

Col. JOSEPH J. COOK,

Commanding Post, Galveston, Tex.:

COLONEL: The enemy having possession of Galveston Bay with an overwhelming force of artillery, you will avoid making within the city a resistance, which would bring about the destruction of the property of our citizens without resulting in any good to the country. You will move from the city to Virginia Point such material as you can save and the troops you do not actually need to maintain good order in the city so long as you are in possession of it. You will give aid and assistance to the provost-marshal in removing from the island such machinery as can be removed. You will cause the printing presses to be put out of working order with as little destruction of property as possible.

You will cause the residents, citizens or aliens, to understand that should the enemy hoist his flag over the city of Galveston they shall at once be cut off from intercourse with the continent by us, and that, is falling in the hands of the enemy, they have but two alternatives left, viz, abject or persecution and insult. You will inform them, should they be too poor to provide for their transportation, the Government of the Confederate States will transport them to Houston free of cost. You will, when an attack by the enemy is imminent, withdraw to Virginia Point, leaving two companies to garrison Eagle Grove, endeavoring to withdraw without loss of men.

Very respectfully,

X. B. DEBRAY,

Colonel, Comdg. Sub-Military District of Houston, Tex.

[Document B.]
HDQRS. SUB-MILITARY DISTRICT OF HOUSTON,Fort Hebert, Tex., October 10, 1862.

Col. JOSEPH J. COOK,

Commanding Fort Hebert, Tex.:

COLONEL: I shall transfer to-morrow my headquarters to Houston. You will telegraph to me morning and evening every day the state of affairs at your post. Should the enemy make any movement causing you to anticipate an attack you will telegraph to me at once. You will reserve for my office and quarters the room I now occupy. The fort at Eagle Grove is not protected against a night surprise by a landing force. To guard against such a reverse, always disgraceful for a commander who did not prevent it, you will send a picket of 2 non-commissioned officers and 10 mounted men to take station half a mile beyond the fort on the road to Galveston, with orders to place 2 sentinels a quarter of a mile in advance. Should an enemy's force make its appearance the picket shall withdraw slowly, skirmishing, sending prompt intelligence to the fort. You will station one company of infantry at the fort to act as a support to the company of artillery no garrison-

