
It affords me great pleasure to be able to state that both officers and men behaved nobly, executing all orders promptly and correctly.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Yours, respectfully,

JOS. J. COOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant R. M. FRANKLIN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Sub-Military District of Houston.

OCTOBER 9-NOVEMBER 25, 1862.-Expedition from Fort Union to the Canadian River and Utah Creek, N. Mex.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Captain William H. Backus, Second Colorado Infantry.

No. 2.-Lieutenant George L. Shoup, Second Colorado Infantry.

No. 1. Report of Captain William H. Backus, Second Colorado Infantry.

FORT UNION, N. MEX., December 1, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following operations of my company since my last report:

On November 1 one of the men sent to guard the wagons that had gone to Hatch's Ranch for forage returned and reported a camp of Mexicans about 45 miles from camp, on the Fort Smith road. From what he could learn from the drivers they were a part of a large party which had undertaken to go down the Pecos, but had been turned back by the troops there, and were now waiting for the remainder of their company to come up, and were then determined to go on down the country, if they had to cut the soldiers' throats. The man left the camp at night and rode all night to bring me the information at camp.

November 2 I started for the road at midnight, with 20 men, to be ready for them when they came along. Arrived at the road at daylight, but saw no Mexicans; went on up the road 20 miles farther, to where they were encamped the night before; found that they had turned back; sent 2 men on after them and marched the remainder back to camp. The 2 men sent to look for the Mexican train returned to the camp on the 5th instant, at 4 p.m., reporting that the Mexicans were encamped about 15 miles from where they were first discovered, and that they had increased in number to 30 wagons and over 100 men. I sent out a spy, to keep well up the road and give me timely notice of their approach.

November 6 they came in at 10 p.m. and reported the train coming down the road. Got 20 men ready and started at midnight for the road again to meet them. The train came on in sight at 4 p.m.; arrested the owners and had the train camped. Found that the wagons contained no loading. There were about 150 head of loose, fat cattle, besides those attached to the wagons. They said that they wished to go below to hunt buffalo. I told them that they could go, but they must leave their surplus cattle, which they declined to do, and on the morning of the 8th turned back, and I marched to camp.

While I was examining the Mexican train on the 7th a messenger

