
arrived from Lieutenant Shoup, stating that he had overtaken the wagons that he was sent after and had captured 24 prisoners, and asked for more men to help bring them up. As soon as I was through with the Mexicans I dispatched 10 men to go down and meet Lieutenant Shoup. Men in camp not on other duty are engaged in building stables.

On the 11th ultimo the picket guard arrested a party of Mexicans and sent for me. I went over to the road and found them to be buffalo-hunters; examined them and let them pass on. Another messenger arrived from Lieutenant Shoup after rations. I sent a wagon with rations to meet him.

November 13 Lieutenant Shoup and the prisoners arrived at the picket camp; prisoners sick with small-pox; had left 2 of them 150 miles below; they were unable to travel; left 2 men to take care of them and bring them up as soon as they were able. Returned to camp this evening, and found the Indian agent who went down with Shoup's party had returned with the chiefs Mouwa and Little Buffalo, accompanied by about 100 Indians and squaws. They staid four or five days with us. The agent gave them their presents, and Lieutenant Shoup and myself had several talks with them. They professed great they would help us, and directed us to carry a white flag, so that they might know us.

November 16 the 2 men left back with the sick prisoners came into small-pox camp. The prisoners had both died.

November 21 relieved by Lieutenant Perry and marched for Fort Union.

November 23 another of the prisoners died of small-pox.

November 24 the entire command, with the prisoners, marched for Fort Union.

November 25 I left the command at Red Lake this morning and started for Santa Fe.

I have the honor also to inclose the report of Lieutenant Shoup of his pursuit and capture of the prisoners.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

WM. H. BACKUS,

Captain Company C, Second Colorado Volunteers.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. Department of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.

No. 2. Report of Lieutenant George L. Shoup, Second Colorado Infantry.

FORT UNION, N. MEX., December 1, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to your orders, No.-, October 26, 1862, I left your camp, at mouth of Utah Creek, Canadian River, to pursue, and if possible overtake and arrest, a party who had gone down that river. I had with me Sergeant [S. G.] Marvin, Corporal [A. W.] Allen, and 17 privates; also Dr. Rankin, Indian Agent Stapp, and Interpreter Delisle.

The first day, about 2 p.m., after marching about 25 miles, we discovered one of their camps. From the appearance of the ashes, the tracks

