
About 11 a.m. the party came in sight. The Indians came very near revealing our whereabouts by assembling on a bluff near by, and, by their great anxiety to see all that was going on, they held their heads so high that they were seen by the party approaching, who, on seeing the Indians acting in this manner, suspected an attack from them; consequently they halted at the distance of a quarter of a mile, examined their arms, and made every preparation for a battle with the Indians, and then moved on. I had previously ordered that the word "Surrender" should be the signal for my men to spring up, with muskets cocked and aimed, on our opponents. I let them come fully into the trap set for them, when I commanded them to halt and surrender. They were completely surprised. They were watching the Indians, and did not think of danger so close by. I repeated the command to surrender, which command they immediately complied with by dropping their arms without showing resistance. I took from them 6 double-barreled shot-guns, 8 rifles, 6 revolvers, 10 mules, 10 horses, 10 sets of harness, 10 bridles, 10 saddles, 1 side-saddle, and 5 wagons. I searched their persons and baggage for papers, taking from them any and all papers liable to be of any service whatsoever in furnishing evidence for or against them. In answer to questions asked as to where they were going the majority answered to their homes in Georgia, two or three to Fort Smith, one to Cherokee Nation, one to Kansas, and one to Missouri. At the time of their surrender they had three cases of small-pox among them. In searching their baggage I fouled some treasure-gold dust, watches, chains, rings, &amp;c., all of which I allowed them to keep.

The names of the party are as follows, viz: Green Russell, Dr. D. L. Russell, J. O. Russell, Samuel Bates, John Wallace, Robert Fields, James Pierce, James Whiting, A. S. Rippy, H. M. Dempsey, W. I. Witcher, William Witcher, D. Patterson, G. F. Rives, J. Gloss, W. Odem, Isaac Roberts, J. P. Potts, and family of six children, the oldest a young lady, about seventeen years of age.

I forwarded to you, by a messenger, same day, the result of the expedition, hastily written with a pencil, in which I neglected to state that there were three cases of small-pox among the prisoners, but told the messenger to be sure and tell you.

There were about 100 Indians at my camp that evening. They demanded a prisoner. They said that they had been fighting the Texans, and that they must have a man now, that they might have a war-dance. I told them repeatedly that they could not have a man; that I should start back in the morning with all the prisoners; that Agent Stapp and two others would stop with them a few days to show them that we were acting in good faith toward them, and that the agent would then bring them to our camp to receive, their presents. They started a runner immediately for their head chief, Mouwa.

Next morning I commenced the return march. After marching up the river about 10 miles an Indian overtook me, stating that Mouwa and other Indians were coming up the river; that Mouwa wished me to stop, as the wished to see me. I encamped about two hours, after which Mouwa came up, with about 50 other Indians with him. I gave them something to eat. We then held an interview. He wanted a man, half of the animals, arms, ammunition, &c., taken from the prisoners. I told him that was not consistent with our rules of warfare. I told them that I was willing to pay them for all information received hereafter. I gave them some silver and other presents for the information they had given this time. Agent Stapp did the same. After talking all evening we separated the best of friends, with a good understanding.

