
Agent Stapp and two others were to return with the Indians, stay with them three days, and then all were to go to your camp, at the mouth of Utah Creek. The next morning we resumed our march up the river.

On the morning of November 7 Dr. Russell informed me that two of the men having the small-pox were too sick to resume the march on that day, but thought by next day they would be better, after one day's rest. I laid in camp that day. Next morning the doctor informed me that the sick were no better and could not be moved. At this time some of the prisoners were out of rations and some of them had more than eight days' rations. I had six or seven days' rations. This, when divided among those who had none, made it necessary to make your camp as soon as possible. Acting under this impulse, I left two of the sick men and two of those who had partially recovered as attendants and two of my men as a guard, with fifteen days' rations, and leaving with them one wagon and team, while I resumed the march.

On November 11 I was met by a detachment of 10 men, sent out by you to meet me. They had but one day's rations left when I met them, their fourth day from your camp. I sent two of them forward the same day, with a dispatch to you, requesting that rations be sent to meet me.

On the 13th I met a team, sent out by you,with rations for me. The same day I arrived at your picket camp.

The general conduct and behavior of the prisoners after their capture was that of high-toned gentlemen. They made no attempt to escape. They all say that they had no intention of joining the Confederate Army, though the majority of them acknowledge that their sympathies are with the South.

Our men in this, as in former events, deserve the highest praise for their perseverance, coolness, courage, and discretion. Sergeant Marvin and Corporal Allen were untiring in their exertions for the safe-keeping of the prisoners.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

G. L. SHOUP,

Second Lieutenant Company C, Second Colorado Volunteers.

Captain WILLIAM H. BACKUS.

OCTOBER 24-NOVEMBER 6, 1862.-Operations in the La Fourche District, La., including capture of Donaldsonville, October 25, and action at Georgia Landing, near Labadieville, October 27.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Major General Benj. F. Butler, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Gulf.

No. 2.-BrigadierGeneral Godfrey Weitzel, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.

No. 3.-Lieutenant John A. Vance, Sixteenth New York Infantry, Acting Signal Officer.

No. 4.-Major General R. Taylor, C. S. Army, commanding District of Western Louisiana.

No. 5.-BrigadierGeneral Alfred Mouton, C. S. Army.

No. 1. Reports of Major General Benjamin F. Butler, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Gulf.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, October 24, 1862.

GENERAL: While I have the honor to report a reasonable degree of

