
saries. Lieutenant Stevens, her gallant commander, finding her unmanageable, moored her to the shore. On the cautious approach of the enemy, who kept at a respectful distance, he landed his crew, cut her from her moorings, fired her with his own hands, and turned her adrift down the river. With every gun shorted, our flag floating from her bow, and not a man on board, the Arkansas bore down upon the enemy and gave him battle. The guns were discharged as the flames reached them, and when her last shot was fired the explosion of her magazine ended the brief but glorious career of the Arkansas. "It was beautiful," said Lieutenant Stevens, while the tears stood in his eyes, "to see her, when abandoned by commander, and crew and dedicated to sacrifice, fighting the battle on her own hook." I trust that the official report of Commodore Lynch will do justice to the courage, constancy, and resolution of the officer and men who were the last crew of the Arkansas.

I deem it eminently proper to say to the Department that neither the spirit which resolved to dispute at Vicksburg the jurisdiction of the Mississippi River nor the energy which successfully executed that resolution was local in its character. Nor was it a spirit bounded by State lines or circumscribed by State lines or circumscribed by State pride. It was a broad, catholic spirit, wide as our country, and unlimited as the independence which we struggle to establish. The power which baffled the enemy resided in the breasts of the soldiers of seven States, marshaled behind the ramparts of Vicksburg. Mississippians were there, but there, too, also were the men of Kentucky, of Tennessee, of Alabama, of Arkansas of Louisiana and of Missouri, as ready to defend the emporium of Mississippi as to strike down the foe at their own hearth-stones.

I incorporate with my report a schedule of the forces under my command at Vicksburg as a proper contribution to the archives of the Confederacy.

General Helm: Fourth Kentucky Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Hynes; Fifth Kentucky Volunteers, Colonel Hunt; Thirty-first Alabama Volunteers, Colonel Edwards; Fourth Alabama Battalion, Lieutenant-Colonel Snodgrass; Thirty-first Mississippi Volunteers, Colonel Orr; Hudson's battery, First Lieutenant Sweaney.

General J. S. Bowen: First Missouri Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Riley; Tenth Arkansas Volunteers, Col. A. R. Witt; Ninth Arkansas Volunteers, Colonel Dunlop; Sixth Mississippi Volunteers, Colonel Lowry; Second Confederate Battalion, [James C. Malone]; Watson Battery, Captain Bursley.

General Preston: Third Kentucky Volunteers, Colonel Thompson; Sixth Kentucky Volunteers, Colonel Lewis; Seventh Kentucky Volunteers, Colonel Crossland; Thirty-fifth Alabama Volunteers, Colonel Robertson; Cobb's battery, Lieutenant Gracey.

Col. W. S. Statham; Fifteenth Mississippi Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Farrell; Twenty-second Mississippi Volunteers, Captain Hughes; Nineteenth Tennessee Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Moore; Twentieth Tennessee Volunteers, Colonel Smith; Twenty-eighth Tennessee Volunteers, Colonel Brown; Forty-fifth Tennessee Volunteered, Colonel Searcy; McClung's battery, Captain McClung.

General M. L. Smith: Company of sappers and miners, Captain Winter; Twenty-sixth Louisiana Volunteers, Colonel De Clouet; Twenty-eighth Louisiana Volunteers, Colonel Thomas; Sixth Mississippi Battalion, Lieutenant-Colonel Balfour; Twenty-seventh Louisiana Volunteers, Colonel Marks; Third Mississippi Volunteers, Colonel Mellon; Seventeenth Louisiana Volunteers, Colonel Richardson; Fourth Louisiana Volunteers, Colonel Allen; Company I, Thirty-ninth Mississippi

