
compelled to retire, and the enemy moved up to the obstructions. I was also compelled to withdraw the troops so as to get out of the range of the enemy's shells. As soon as the firing commenced all the negroes on the works stampeded, and it was impossible to collect them until late last night, when I placed them in the entrenchments again and commenced mounting what guns I could so as to resume my position by 4 a.m. this morning, which I did and now hold. Captain Fuller deserves much praise for the valuable services which he had rendered me and for the courage and boldness with which he has met the enemy at every step.

The casualties of the engagement of the 3rd are 1 private killed and 2 wounded on the Cotton. She received no serious injury, though slightly damaged. The enemy must have suffered seriously, as many of our shots reached the boats and shrieks and groans were heard.

Permit me to repeat that the presence of General Taylor is indispensably necessary here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFR. MOUTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 29, 1862.-Affair at Sabine Pass, Tex.

Report of LieutenantCol. A. W. Spright, Spright's Battalion.
HEADQUARTERS SPRIGHT'S BATTALION,Beaumont, November 3, 1862.

SIR: I beg leave to report than on Wednesday night, 29th ultimo, a small portion of my command, consisting of Company A, commanded by Captain Marsh, had a slight affair with the enemy at Sabine Pass. Under instructions to seek every opportunity of inflicting damage on the enemy he posted his men about night-fall below the town on the Pass, and awaited the approach of the steamer Dan, with a schooner in tow, then making her way up the channel.

As soon as they boats came in point-blank range of his carbines (about 100 yards) he opened fire upon them, and continued the fire until they swung around out of range and opened upon him with canister and grape. He then withdrew without loss. Captain Marsh is sure, from the facts that the decks of both vessels were crowded with men who were distinctly visible by moonlight, that the fire was deliberate, hat screams and groans arose from the vessels, and that the yellow flag at half-mast was displayed for the two succeeding days, that his fire did some execution. We have no means of ascertaining the loss of the enemy, but it is conjectured that it could not have been less than 25 to 30. They then shelled the town without material damage. On the next morning, after throwing shot and shell vehemently in the vicinity, they sent out a party, under the protection of their guns, and burnt Wingate's mill and dwelling and Stamp's dwelling. The fire upon them was used as a pretext for destroying this property, but it was doomed to destruction with or without a pretext. Several days previously they had told the citizens to burn the lumber at the mil for fire-wood, for Wingate's and Stamp's property was confiscated to the United States Government.

