
Unless otherwise ordered, I shall fire upon them whenever I can do so with effect, and whenever they take a position within range of my mountain howitzers I shall bring them to bear upon them. I do not believe that security to private property can be purchased by withholding our hands.

Your obedient servant,

A. W. SPRIGHT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant R. M. FRANKLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 31-NOVEMBER 1, 1862.-Bombardment of Lavaca, Tex.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-BrigadierGeneral Hamilton P. Bee, C. S. Army, commanding Sub-District of the Rio Grande.

No. 2.-Lieutenant George E. Conklin, C. S. Army, Post Adjutant at Lavaca.

No. 1. Report of BrigadierGeneral Hamilton P. Bee, C. S. Army, commanding Sub-District of the Rio Grande.
HDQRS. SUB-MILITARY DISTRICT OF THE RIO GRANDE,San Antonio, Tex., November 15, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose an official dispatch* from Major D. D. Shea, C. S. Provisional Army, commanding the forces at Lavaca, reporting the bombardment by the gunboats of the enemy of that city on the 31st ultimo and their repulse.

It gives me great satisfaction to call the attention of the general commanding to the gallantry of Major Shea and his command. Although his ranks had been decimated by the yellow fever, his means of defense limited, and the force of the enemy far superior in guns and caliber, yet, sustained by patriotism and courage, he compelled the enemy to retire. I would especially call the attention of the general commanding to the barbarous conduct of the Abolitionists in allowing one hour and a half to remove the women and children, the sick and the dying, from the town of Lavaca. I think I am warranted in saying that it was the most atrocious of all the acts which have so marked their conduct in this war, and retributive justice but claimed her right when defeated and injured they slunk back whence they came. The patriotism and love of country displayed by the citizens of Lavaca, who willingly gave up their homes to destruction rather than that the enemy should land, is worthy of all praise, and will serve as a bright example to their fellow-countrymen. I have received information that one of the heavy guns of the enemy burst on the forty-first round, doing great damage, but to what extent is not known. The Abolition fleet has retired from the waters of Lavaca Bay, the objects of their visit being entirely frustrated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

Captain SAMUEL BOYER DAVIS,

A. A. G., First District of Texas, San Antonio, Tex.

---------------

*See Report No. 2.

---------------

