
[Indorsement.]

DEAR BENJAMIN: I send you Fuller's report, every word of which is true. I applied to have a naval officer sent here to give me some assistance; no one was sent. Any little aid by the Navy Department would have saved Berwick Bay. Something might be done for Fuller; he certainly deserves it; he defeated four of the enemy's gunboats.

Truly, yours,

R. TAYLOR.

NOVEMBER 20, 1862.-Affair near Matagorda, Tex.

Report of Col. X. B. Debray, Debray's Texas Regiment.
HDQRS. SUB-MILITARY DISTRICT OF HOUSTON,Houston, Tex., November 25, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 20th instant the scouts of Brown's battalion captured, 8 miles below Matagorda, 1 master's mate and 9 seamen, part of the crew of the mortar schooner Henry Janes, who had landed to kill beef. The capture was effected without loss of life on either side. Three ordinary muskets and seven Enfield rifles fell into our hands, with cartridge boxes, and the launch on which the party came was burned. None of the landing party escaped. The prisoners were brought here to-day and have been placed in charge of the guard of Griffin's battalion.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

X. B. DEBRAY,

Colonel, Commanding Sub-Military District of Houston.

Captain SAMUEL BOYER DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c., San Antonio, Tex.

NOVEMBER 21, 1862.-Skirmish at Bayou Bonfouca, La.

Report of Col. A. R. Witt, Tenth Arkansas Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Ponchatoula, La., December 1, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that a scouting party of 25 men, under my orders, belonging to Captain Bredow's company of Partisan Rangers, commanded by Lieutenant Evans, attacked Federal steamboat G. Brown, mountain two guns. Lieutenant Evans reports killing 2 men and mortally wounding 1 on said boat. The boat was running up the river Bonfouca, 60 miles east of here and 10 miles from Fort Pike. After the first fire she backed down the river, shelling the woods as she went.

I have the honor further to report that at this time there are no boats in the lakes. I would also report that the Federals have made an encampment 40 miles above New Orleans on the Mississippi River, at Luke's plantation, and I have reliable information that they have moved 30 miles on the Mississippi River above that encampment. However, this will come under General Beall's notice, it being far below Baton

