
Rouge. Only 2,000 Federals reported in New Orleans at this time by persons coming out.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. WITT,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON.

NOVEMBER 21-22, 1862.-Affairs at Petite Anse Island, La. (See Appendix, p.1088.)

NOVEMBER 27, 1862.-Capture of the steamer Lone Star.

Report of Captain V. L. Terrell, Terrell Dragoons, Mississippi Cavalry.

HAMPTON'S FERRY, LA., November 29, 1862.

COLONEL: I beg leave to submit the following special report:

On the morning of the 27th I learned that a force of the enemy, consisting by report of a force which I could meet, were out. I therefore took my command and proceeded down to the Mississippi River at New River Landing, but found that the enemy had withdrawn. I further learned that only two of the enemy had gone up the river. I placed my command under charge of Orderly Sergt. R. S. Magee, and ordered him back to camp. I took First Lieutenant John Pope and Privates F. M. Rogers, W. Waddell, J. T. Bland, and Volunteer L. Roorthe, and proceeded up the river to intercept the enemy above mentioned. I learned during the night that they had also gone down the river. I then continued up the river, and just below Plaquemine, on the opposite shore, I saw a steamboat. I waited until night-fall, and being joined by F. R. Vorheis, a volunteer, I immediately crossed the river and landed 1 1/2 miles above the boat. I immediately went down, boarded and captured the boat, with all the crew and two passengers. I then brought the boat down to Captain Stockdale's pickets, 10 miles below, on this side of the river, and sent a courier for Captain Stockdale's company, to which call the captain promptly responded. The prisoners were then turned over to Captain Stockadale, together with a planter, Mr. Avery, who positively refused to render me any assistance, and refused to allow me to take his carts or hands. I put him under guard and sent him on with the balance of the prisoners. I endeavored to save the cargo, which consisted of sugar. I took shore some 20 or 30 hogsheads and burned the boat. The name of the boat burned was Lone Star. Some small articles, mattresses, &amp;c., together with one hogshead of sugar and one barrel of molasses, were brought to my camp and distributed to my company.

I would especially state that the action both of my first lieutenant and every private was in every way commendable, and they have my best thanks; also Captain Stockdale and men have my thanks for assistance and prompt response.

All of which I respectfully submit.

V. L. TERRELL,

Captain Terrell Dragoons, Mississippi Cavalry.

COLONEL COMMANDING POST,

Baton Rouge, La.

