
made good our retreat toward Corpus Christi, where we safely landed about 9 o'clock in the evening with our whole booty.

I must mention here the bravery of all the men. Captain Ireland's men were selected from among the best shots of his company, and I take pride in mentioning their names, for they did really such very good execution. They were W. E. Goodrich, W. Safford, F. G. Roberts, S. N. Elliott, John Neil, John Haley, and Nat Henderson, all from or near Seguin. About Captain Ireland I need not mention anything to you, for he behaved exactly as you would have a brave man to behave. We were 7 armed men against their 22, for Captain Ireland and myself had only six-shooters and the three boatmen had nothing. The latter did their part in shouting and urging on our men.

We took 2 launches (one metallic), with full equipments in sail and oars, 6 great-coats, 4 percussion muskets, 1 double-barrel shot-gun, 3 holster pistols, 4 cutlasses, 1 bayonet, 3 cartridge boxes, 3 pistol cases, and sundry small articles, which I had turned over to the quartermaster and ordnance officer. Three of the great-coats were issued by my order to the three sailors, two of whom have since they are in the service received neither pay nor clothing and scarcely any rations, for they belong to no company, and nobody has ever drawn for them. I believe I can direct the quartermaster to issue to them rations and pay them their wages and let some of the captains draw their clothing for them. They are good sailors, and I wish to retain them in that branch for our boats. Have I a right to do that or must they join a company? I would request you to send me an answer to that question.

I remain, very respectfully, your most obedient,

H. WILLKE,

Captain, Commanding Post.

Major E. F. GRAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 17, 1862.-Reoccupation of Baton Rouge, La., by the Union forces.

Report of BrigadierGeneral Cuvier Grover, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS,Baton Rouge, La., December 17, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I reached this point at day-break to-day, upon which the enemy (probably 500 strong) immediately evacuated the town. I landed my force as soon as means at hand would admit of and occupied the place, which I now hold. I have reason to believe it not improbable that the enemy will attack in force at a very early hour-perhaps to-night or to-morrow morning. I have about 4,500 effective men, which would be amply sufficient behind the lines we occupy if they were well drilled; as it is, a trial will only test their efficiency. We have no adequate means of debarking our batteries, but I hope to be able to have four pieces in position to-night. Captain Alden, commanding the Richmond, has kindly furnished me with details to work the guns. I consider it at least prudent that every exertion be made to increase the force here as soon as possible.

I am greatly indebted to Captain Alden, commanding the fleet, for his efficient co-operation in making our landing. A few shells were

