
dropped around our position by the gunboats previous to landing. My infantry did not fire a gun. I will make a report in full at as nearly an hour as practicable.

It is highly important that either a river or wharf boat be sent here immediately. I do not intend to send back any of the transports to-day, as it is impracticable to unload what we want until to-morrow at the earliest.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GROVER,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Banks' Expedition.

DECEMBER 29, 1862.-Affair near Plaquemine, La.

Report of Lieutenant Commander F. A. Roe, U. S. Navy, commanding United States gunboat Katahdin.

UNITED STATES GUNBOAT KATAHDIN,

Off Plaquemine, December 29, 1862.

SIR: I came to this place last night by request of Captain Perkins, of the cavalry. This morning he attacked the enemy, heavily picketed about 7 miles in rear of this place. A smart skirmish ensued, but owing to the strong position of the enemy he could not be driven out. Captain Perkins estimates the force of the enemy at about 500 to 600 strong. Opposed to this force he has about 70 men only. It is Captain Perkins' wish to draw the enemy out and fight him, having the Katahdin to support him. This I shall do, as we have a series of signals agreed upon to operate in conjunction. Appearances seem to indicate that the rebels are meditating a descent somewhere along the coast. All those who have taken the oath of allegiance to the United States are threatened with hanging and instant death. But we shall harass the rebels, and if possible entrap them into a disaster. Three good companies of infantry would be of great service of they could be stationed to occupy Plaquemine, and would give assurance to many people who need them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. A. ROE,

Lieutenant Commander.

Commander JAMES ALDEN,

Commanding Forces off Baton Rouge, La.

DECEMBER 31, 1862-JANUARY 3, 1863.-Affairs at Plaquemine, La.

Reports of Major James H. Bogart, One hundred and sixty-second New York Infantry, and resulting correspondence.

PLAQUEMINE, LA., January 2, 1863.

SIR: Pursuant to Special Orders, No. 2, Headquarters One hundred and sixty-second Regiment New York Volunteers, I embarked with three companies on the 31st, at 8 p.m., proceeded up the river as far as

