
Bayou Goula, where we met Gunboat No. 3, also Lieutenant Perkins, in command of cavalry force stationed there. Upon consultation it was decided to land my force at once at Plaquemine and take possession of the town, which I did without any opposition at 4 p.m., Lieutenant Perkins' cavalry joining me with his whole force, 75 strong, at 12 midnight.

From a reconnaissance made last night as far down as Indian Village, on Bayou Plaquemine, we find the enemy's cavalry in some force, but pickets only on this side of the bayou. My position is quite strong, as you will see by the rough map I send.* If possible to send me 100 more men, even of some other regiment, they could be made the best use of, and ere the transport returns will become a necessity. I have rations up to the 8th, and if decided to retain the command here would respectfully ask ten days' additional.

I further ask full instructions in regard to citizens. They are mostly of French extraction. Some have taken the oath and some not. Also in regard to contrabands. My course so far has been to keep them on their plantations and allow them in no case to gather in the town.

I would further ask attention to the following: Lieutenant Perkins' command have had no rations for some time, and they actually need the regular army supply. They are also in great need of clothing, of which the quartermaster-sergeant has sent a list needed. It is 60 miles to Thibodeauxville, where he drew his last requisitions. His horses also need forage; oats especially.

Hoping that the above report will meet with approbation at headquarters, I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. BOGART,

Major One hundred and sixty-second New York Volunteers.

Colonel BENEDICT,

Commanding Brigade.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Camp Parapet, January 3, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to Brigadier-General Sherman, commanding division.

LEW. BENEDICT,

Colonel, Commanding.

CARROLLTON, January 3, 1863.

Respectfully referred to department headquarters. The detachment ordered from here under directions from headquarters department took ten days' rations and 200 rounds ammunition per man.

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Plaquemine, La., January 3, 1863.

SIR: My small command still occupy the same position in the town of Plaquemine. Last night we were under arms all night, and from 10 until daylight in position behind levee to resist contemplated attack

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

13 R R-VOL XV

