
army that the forces which had evacuated Plaquemine should return immediately. I therefore at once ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Storrs, of the Fifty-second Massachusetts Volunteers, to proceed on the Itasca to Donaldsonville and assume command of the detachment of the One hundred and sixty-second New York and Fifty-second Massachusetts Volunteers, to return to Plaquemine and occupy that post until further orders from competent authority. I also ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Storrs, in case re-enforcements were received from below, or in case he was satisfied that the re-enforcement from the Fifty-second Massachusetts Volunteers was no longer needed, to return with the detachment of the Fifty-second to this post.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GROVER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

A.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Plaquemine, La., January 3, 1863.

GENERAL COMMANDING AT BATON ROUGE:

Having been sent here with three companies of infantry to co-operate with the naval force, and having landed, taking possession of the town, Lieutenant Perkins' cavalry, 75 strong, joining me here from Bayou Goula, I have therefore 161 infantry, 75 cavalry. From scouting parties sent out, the enemy is no doubt in considerable force on Bayou Grosse Tete, crossing below Bayou Plaquemine at Indian Village.

Last evening we expected an attack, and at 1 o'clock our pickets were fired upon by the enemy, at least 80 strong. I immediately signaled Gunboat No. 8, which threw shell among them, silencing their fire. This morning we were again attacked, but through the promptness of Lieutenant Perkins' vedettes they were again repulsed. I would earnestly ask for some re-enforcements. With from 200 to 300 more men I can assuredly hold this place, with gunboats co-operating.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. BOGART,

Major One hundred and sixty-second New York Volunteers.

B.

DONALDSONVILLE, LA., January 4, 1863.

Brigadier-General GROVER:

I would respectfully report the evacuation of Plaquemine by my small forces, for the following reasons:

Lieutenant Perkins' scout reported the enemy in force at Indian Village, at least 5,000 strong, with artillery and cavalry. Their cavalry was below at Dr. Stone's and Mr. Gay's plantations. Colonel Sibley, or rather General Sibley, was in command of their forces. Upon consultation with Lieutenant Perkins, upon whose authority I relied implicitly, it was decided better for me to evacuate. My orders were not to hold the town, only to co-operate with the naval force. Your re-enforcements did not arrive until after dark. Captain Perkins will report in detail. I send my detailed report to the headquarters from which I received my orders.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. BOGART,

Major One hundred and sixty-second New York Volunteers.

