
Volunteers, in command of 161 men of his regiment, posted at Plaquemine, left his post without, as far as I can learn, any authority, and that upon its being reported to me I, having previously sent him the desired re-enforcements, dispatched an officer (his senior) to take command of Major Bogart's detachment and the detachment of re-enforcements and to return with the same to Plaquemine, there to await further orders from proper authority. I have just learned from the report of that officer that twelve hours previous to his arrival at Donaldsonville Major Bogart, with his command proper, had gone to New Orleans.

I do not know by whose authority Major Bogart was ordered to Plaquemine, but as far as I can learn he seems to have abandoned his post without cause and in a disreputable manner. I think it is due to the service that the conduct of that officer be inquired into. I reported to you also that I had re-established the post with a detachment from the Fifty-second, which I have re-enforced to 400 strong. Will you please give me instructions if I am to keep up that post or not? If the post is to be kept up would it not be well to send a regiment from below to garrison it?

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GROVER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JANUARY 1, 1863.-Recapture of Galveston, Tex., by Confederate forces.

REPORTS, ETC.*

No. 1.-Major General Nathaniel P. Banks, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Gulf.

No. 2.-Lieutenant Charles A. Davis, Adjutant Forty-second Massachusetts Infantry.

No. 3.-Mr. W. S. Long, Engineer Department, U. S. Army.

No. 4.-Major General J. Bankhead Magruder, C. S. Army, commanding District of Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona, and including operations October -, 1862-February 26, 1863, with congratulatory orders and correspondence relative to flag of truce, etc.

No. 1. Reports of Major General Nathaniel P. Banks, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Gulf.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., January 3, 1863.

GENERAL: It becomes my painful duty to transmit the accompanying brief telegraphic account of an unfortunate affair which took place at Galveston on the 1st instant. The account was received but a few moments since. I detain the steamer to take this dispatch. The troops at Galveston were three companies of the Forty-second Massachusetts, Colonel Burrell, and the Second Vermont Battery, Captain Holcomb.

I trust that the detailed account, which I hope to receive in time to

---------------

*For reports of United States naval officers, see Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, December 7, 1863.

---------------

