
slacked off the main-sheet, and put his helm hard to port, with the intention of getting clear. Seeing this, the captain ordered the steamer backed, which placed the steamer between the pilot-boat and the bar. The captain then called out, "Stand by your guns, f ore and aft, and be ready to fire. Do not open your port-holes before the colonel gives the word." The pilot-boat then came to and the pilot said he would come on board. The colonel asked him who was in command. His immediate reply was, "Captain Wainwright." After several unimportant questions and answers he was recognized and called by name by one of the refugees, by which he was apparently confused and lost his presence of mind. Seeing that the captain looked upon him with marked suspicion, he said, "Gentlemen, I cannot lie any longer; Galveston is in the hands of the Confederacy." The captain, hearing that the Harriet Lane was in their hands and as she was reported uninjured, immediately put the steamer to sea. The counterfeit pilot, T. W. Payne, was of course detained on board as prisoner. The pilot-boat and crew were permitted to depart, as the colonel thought by their returning it would give us more time to escape.

About 9 o'clock on the evening of the 5th ultimo we met the United States sloop-of-war Brooklyn, and was boarded by an officer from her, to whom we gave the foregoing information. We afterward learned that the boat sent ashore with the 6 men was detained and the men taken prisoners.

Respectfully submitted.

LEWIS BACH,

Acting Purser Steamer Cambria.

No. 2. Report of LieutenantCharles A. Davis, Adjutant Forty-second Massachusetts Infantry.

HDQRS. FORTY-SECOND MASSACHUSETTS MILITIA, In Camp at Carrollton, La., January 10, 1863.

GENERAL: I have to report that on the 21st of December, 1862, Companies G, D, and I, of this regiment, under the command of Col. I. S. Burrell, left New Orleans in the steamer Saxon for Galveston [the remaining companies were to proceed thither as fast as they arrived here]. Colonel Burrell's orders were to land and take post. He also received from the chief quartermaster same verbal advice to consult with the commander of the naval force there in reference to the course he would pursue on arrival. We arrived there on the 24th. Colonel Burrell immediately consulted with Commodore Renshaw, of the gunboat Westfield, in command, and by his advice we landed on Kuhn's Wharf on the morning of the 25th. On several subsequent occasions the officers of the gunboat assured us of entire and perfect safety in our position against any attack of the enemy.

About 3 o'clock on the morning of January 1, 1863, soon after the moon had gone down, our pickets were driven in the enemy, who were advancing with their artillery. We instantly formed in line on the wharf behind our barricades, and at the same time we signalized the gunboats that the enemy were upon us.

The enemy then opened fire on us with his artillery, which was responded to by the gunboats. Our quarters had been a wooden build-

