
either of the parties we were in pursuit of. I here dispatched a note to the general commanding. On the messenger's return I commenced the destruction of this one beautiful plantation. I burnt every building on the estate except such as were required to cover the negroes left behind, including an extensive and valuable sugar-mill, and also destroyed the fences-in fact, left nothing but the blackened chimneys as monuments to the folly and villainy of its guerrilla owner.

The amount of live stock brought in by the expedition which I have directed to be turned over to the brigade quartermaster, consists of about 90 head of beef cattle, 45 head of mules, 10 four-mule wagons, 10 head of horses, 1 carriage, 1 light wagon, together with 3 barrels of molasses and 30 hogsheads of sugar. I was compelled to leave at Castle's estate, for the want of proper transportation, some 50,000 pounds of sugar; at Penny's, 16 hogsheads of sugar; at Keller's, 35 bales of cotton and a considerable amount of sugar, all of which can be got if sent for soon.

I found a very united feeling among the several residents with whom I conversed as to the guilt of each of the three parties-Keller, Penny, and Castle-that I visited, and they expressed gratification that a speedy punishment had fallen upon them.

The negro prisoners I brought in have all been turned over to the quartermaster's department. They number over 100.

I have made this report somewhat longer that may seem necessary to the general commanding, but I have thought it proper to give him a full detail of all that occurred.

It affords me great gratification to say that the men of each corps and regiment represented in the command behaved in the most soldierly manner, all paying the most sacred regard to the property of all persons on the route except when ordered to destroy the property referred to in this report; in fact, I saw no man leave the column without permission.

I was especially indebted to the energy and efficiency of Captain Kelty and his company, who acted as skirmishers the entire route out, for some 2 miles at one time working their way through a most dense foliage.

I inclose Major Whittemore's report, which refers only to the Castle plantation detachment.

I have the honor, sir, to be, your obedient servant,

N. A. M. DUDLEY,

Colonel Thirtieth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers.

Captain HOFFMAN, A. A. G., Second Brigade, Dept. of the Gulf.

No. 4. Report of Major General Mansfield Lovell, C. S. Army, of engagement at Grand Gulf, Miss., June 9.

JACKSON, MISS., June 18, 1862

Enemy's fleet attacked our batteries at Grand Gulf and were repulsed with loss. Casualties on our side none.*

M. LOVELL.

General COOPER.

---------------

*This probably refers to engagement June 9, 1862, between the Grand Gulf batteries and U. S. steamers Wissahickon and Itasca. See reports of Commanders James S. Palmer and John De Camp in Annual Report of Secretary of Navy, Dec. 1, 1862.

---------------

