
from their pieces. As daylight, which was now approaching, would expose these men still more to the enemy's fire, and as our gunboats had not yet made their appearance, I ordered the artillery to be withdrawn to positions which afforded more protection, but from which the fire could be continued on the adversary with greater advantage to us. Knowing Captain Fontaine to be in a position the most exposed of all I at the same time dispatched a staff officer with instructions to have his pieces likewise withdrawn. This order reaching Captain Fontaine's men before it was received by their captain, and the concentrated fire from the enemy's ships, but a few hundred yards distant, having increased in intensity, they were compelled to leave their pieces. They were, however, soon formed by Captain Fontaine in a position of greater security.

The delicate duty of withdrawing the pieces in the city from the close vicinity of the enemy was intrusted to Brigadier-General Scurry, who performed it with skill and gallantry. Preparations were then ordered for the immediate fortification and permanent occupation of the city. But at this moment, our fire still continuing, our gunboats came dashing down the harbor and engage the Harriet Lane, which was the nearest of the enemy's ships, in the most gallant style, running into her, one on each side, and pouring on her deck a deadly fire of rifles and shot-guns. The gallant Captain Wainwright fought his ship admirably. He succeeding in disabling the Neptune and attempted to round down the Bayour City, but he was met by an antagonist of even superior skill, coolness, and heroism. Leon Smith, ably seconded by Captain [Henry S.] Lubbock, the immediate commander of the Bayou City, and by her pilot, Captain McCormick, adroitly evaded the deadly stroke, although as the vessels passed each other he lost his larboard wheel-house in the shock. Again the Bayou City, while receiving several broadsides almost at the cannon's mouth, poured into the Harriet Lane a destructive fire of small-arms. Turning once more she drove her prow into the iron wheel of the Harriet Lane, thus locking the two vessels together. Followed by the officers and men of the heroic volunteer corps, Commodore Leon Smith leaped to the deck of the hostile ship, and after a moment of feeble resistance she was ours. the surviving officers of the Harriet Lane presented their swords to Commodore Leon Smith on the quarter-deck of the captured vessel. After the surrender the Owasco passed alongside pouring into the Harriet Lane a broadside at close quarters, but she was soon forced to back out by the effect of our musketry.

Commodore Smith then sent a flag to Commodore Renshaw, whose ship had in the mean time been run aground, demanding the surrender of the whole fleet, and giving three hours' time to consider. These propositions were accepted by the commanding officer, and all the enemy's vessels were immediately brought to anchor, with white flags flying. Most of this time was occupied in attempting to get the Harriet Lane to the wharf in order to remove the wounded to a place of safety. The ships and boats were so much damaged that this was found to be almost impossible with the means at hand. Proceeding myself to the wharf I met one of my most distinguished and scientific staff officers, Major A. M.. Lea, who informed me that on board the Harriet Lane he had found his son, the second in command, mortally wounded. He represented to me that there were other officers badly wounded, and urged me to delay, if possible, their removal. It now being within an hour of the expiration of the period of truce I sent another flag to Commodore Renshaw, whose ship was among the most

