
officers and men on board of that boat. Though in the case of the Neptune the result was not so favorable, her attack on the Harriet Lane was equally bold and dashing and had its weight in the capture. Colonel Bagby, commanding the land troops on board the Neptune; Captain Sangster; her pilots, Captains Swift and McGovern; Captain Harby, and the officers and crew of the ship, likewise deserve, as they have received, my thanks for their participation in this brilliant battle. The engineers, among him Captain Seymour, of the Bayou City, and Captain Conner, of the Neptune, were distinguished by remarkable coolness, skill, and devotion in the discharge of their important duties.

In the land attack especially commendations are due to BrigadierGeneralW. R. Scurry, Col. X. B. Debray, Mayor Von Harten, Cok's regiment of artillery; Captain Fontaine, Cook's regiment; Major Jellersberg, of the Engineer Corps; also to Colonels Cook, Pyron, Lieutenant-Colonel Abercrombie, commanding Elmore's men; Major Griffin, Major Wilson, of the artillery; Captain Mason, Captain McMahan, and to the accomplished and devoted Lieutenant Sherman, who fell at his piece mortally wounded, and to privates Brown and Shoppman, of Dayly's company of cavalry, the latter of whom kept up the fire of one piece almost without assistance under the enemy's grape and canister.

The officers of my staff exhibited on this, as on previous occasions, conspicuous ability and gallantry. When some of the men were compelled to leave their pieces at one of the wharves nearest the enemy Major Dickinson, assistant adjutant-general, calling for volunteers, dashed down the street in order to withdraw the pieces. Whilst in the act of consummating this design he was badly wounded by a fragment of a shell striking him in the left eye, which unfortunately has lost its sight. CaptainE. P. Turner, assistant adjutant-general, likewise behaved with conspicuous gallantry. Lieuts. George A. Magruder and H. M. Stanard, my aides-de-camp, executed my orders with remarkable gallantry. promptness, and intelligence. These two officers have thus been distinguished in the battles of Bethel, Yorktown, Savage Station, and Malvern Hill. It is only just that I should commend them to the special consideration of the Government. Lieutenant Magruder volunteered for the service, and brought off in the most gallant manner some pieces which the men had been compelled to retire from. Lieutenant Stanard behaved with equal gallantry in the execution of orders, exposing himself to the enemy's fire. Lieutenant-Colonel McNeill, of Sibley's brigade, adjutant and inspector general, rendered distinguished service in carrying out my orders, as also did Lieutenant Carrington, of the same regiment, acting on my staff. Mr. Dennis Brasher, who has been in every battle in which I have been engaged, except that of Bethel, and served with great gallantry everywhere without pay or reward of any kind for more than a year, rendered important and most gallant service on this occasion. I am also under obligations to Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols, volunteer aide, whose ability and local knowledge were of great service in arranging the details of the attack. I likewise thankfully acknowledge the services of Judge P. W. Gray and the Hon. J. A. Wilcox, members of Congress from Texas, who, as volunteer aides, accompanied me to the front when the battle opened and remained with me during the continuance. The assistance of General [Thomas B.] Howard, of the Militia, and his adjutant-general, Major Tucker, residents of Galveston, was of great value, as was also that of Mr. E. W. Cave, volunteer aide, for Houston, Hon. M. M. Potter, of Galveston, was likewise conspicuous during the engagement for his activity and devotion.

I take this occasion to recommend to the special consideration of the

