
and men of your command for the great gallantry displayed on the occasion and the zeal and energy evinced by you, and which has reflected so much credit on the Department of the Trans-Mississippi.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ., No. 56. San Antonio, March 30, 1863.

The following resolution of thanks to the major-general commanding and those under his command, passed by both Houses of the Texas Legislature, is published for the information of the Army of Texas:

JOINT RESOLUTION of thanks to General J. B. Magruder and others.

RESOLUTION 1. Be it resolved by the Legislature of the State of Texas. That the thanks of the Legislature are hereby tendered to General J. B. Magruder and the officers and men under his command for the brilliant victory which they gained over the Federalists at Galveston on the 1st of January last. To Major O. M. Watkins and the officers and men under his command for their gallant conduct at Sabine Pass and the recapture of that fort and capturing the blockading vessels of the enemy; and to Major Daniel Shea and the officers and men under his command for their brave defense of the town of Lavaca; and to Major Hobby and the officers and soldiers under his command for the repulse of the enemy's attack on Corpus Christi, the commencement of our success on the Texas coast; and to Captains Ireland and Ware and the officers and soldiers under their command for their exploit in the capture of Captain Kittredge and his men near Corpus Christi; and to Captains Ireland and Willke and the officers and soldiers under their command for their good conduct in defeating the enemy's attempt to capture one of our vessels and in capturing his barges in the Bay of Corpus Christi; and to Capts. Santos Benavides and Refugio Benavides and the officers and men under their command for their vigilance, energy, and gallantry in pursuing and chastising the banditti infesting the Rio Grande frontier.

RESOLUTION 2. That the Governor be requested to transmit a copy of these resolutions to General J. B. Magruder and the other officers mentioned, with the request that they make them known to the officers and men under their command.

Approved March 6, 1863.

THE STATE OF TEXAS,

Department of State:

I, R. J. Townes, Secretary of State of the State of Texas, do hereby certify the above to be a true and correct copy of the original joint resolution as approved by the Governor, now on file in this department.

In testimony whereof I have hereunto signed my name and caused the seal of the State Department to be affixed, at Austin, this 12th March, 1863.

[SEAL.]

R. J. TOWNES,

Secretary of State.

These resolutions will on the day of their reception be read at the head of every regiment, battalion, and unattached company in the district.

By order of Major-General Magruder:

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

UNITED STATES STEAM SLOOP BROOKLYN, Off Galveston, Tex., January 9, 1863.

Major GeneralJ. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding Confederate Forces, Galveston, Tex.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note of this

