
knew, however, we could not get her inside, for she drew 15 feet of water. He supposes she has been destroyed, for he saw some spars floating. The British officer said to Mr. Lynn that Farragut intends to chastise Galveston exemplarily. They say Banks is disgusted with New Orleans and wishes to leave; the negroes are too troublesome.

Commodore Bell wishes to know your determination concerning the captured officers and seamen, as you suggested in a previous communication your willingness to send them on board under parole. I must state that Colonel Cook saw in a paper on board a proclamation from Lincoln, restricting to our soldiers the provisions of the cartel; if so, we ought also to keep their officers. I think it would be dangerous to send the seamen out; they have mixed too much with the people, and may be well informed as to the condition of our defenses.

Commodore Bell is thankful for the files of newspapers, and sends you New York Herald of the 6th January and Picayne of 18th of January, which I will forward by to-morrow's cars.

X. B. DEBRAY.

The following document is not to be considered or used as official in any way, but as strictly personal.

ISAAC S. BURRELL,

Colonel, Forty-second Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers.

Statement in relation to the surrender of a portion of the Forty-second Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, at Galveston, Tex., on the morning of January 1, A. D.1863, to the Confederate forces under command of Major GeneralJ. B. Magruder, with the circumstances attending the surrender.

After the steamer Harriet Lane had raised the white flag in token of surrender the white flag was also raised by the Forty-second Regiment by order of the colonel commanding; but the fire continuing for ten or fifteen minutes from the wharf and the brick building above Kuhn's Wharf, where the said Forty-second Regiment was stationed, when Brigadier-General Scurry came down to Kuhn's Wharf and demanded the unconditional surrender of the troops on the wharf the firing ceased and was not resumed so far as the wharf is concerned.

The surrender was made immediately and the battle terminated, so far as said Forty-second Regiment was concerned. Between the time the white flag was raised on the wharf and the cessation of the firing only man was wounded and none killed.

This statement is made in justice to Brigadier-General Scurry, who, by his gentlemanly conduct and uniform kindness to officers and privates, is entitled to the grateful remembrance of the whole command. We believe that the firing after the white flag was raised was unknown to him and against his will or orders.

The flag of truce was not raised on the wharf by the Forty-second Regiment until every vessel in the harbor had raised one.

When the demand for surrender was made by Brigadier-General Scurry the colonel of the Forty-second Regiment asked to be allowed the same time given to the fleet for consideration [three hours], but his request was refused.

Having carefully examined the above statement I believe it to be true in every point, and accordingly I have affixed my signature thereto.

ISAAC S. BURRELL,

Colonel, Forty-second Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers.

