
HOUSTON, TEX., January 23, 1863.

This statement, made by Colonel Burrell, commanding the detachment of the Forty-second Massachusetts Regiment Volunteers, captured at Galveston on 1st instant, it will be seen agrees in every important particular with the statement furnished by me in my communication to Commodore Bell. Our naval officers distinctly state that the white flag hoisted on board the ship did not apply to the land force. Captain Lubbock, the commander of one of our gunboats, who arranged with the senior officer in command of the Federal fleet the terms of the truce, stated on his return from the Federal flag-ship to Brigadier-General Scurry, in the presence of Colonel Burrell, that the land troops were not embraced in these terms, directly or indirectly, he having been sent by CaptainLeon Smith, commanding our fleet of gunboats, to demand the surrender of the rest of the Federal fleet and to give the Federal commander three hours' time to accept or decline his demand, during which time the fire was to cease between the ships. I knew nothing of the arrangements, nor did any officer ashore, and when Captain Lubbock, on his return, touched at kuhn's Wharf, where the Forty-second Massachusetts Regiment was stationed, he gave the above information to Brigadier-General Scurry in the presence of Colonel Burrell, and the latter surrendered unconditionally, after his request to be allowed the same time given the ships was refused. Had the Federal commander of the land forces been in superior force to myself and engaged in battle ashore he would certainly have prosecuted his advantage to the utmost, regardless of a truce between two fleets, which he had not authorized. If necessary, I think it can be fully established also that the Federal troops ashore were ready to surrender the moment daylight gave them an opportunity of doing so, and would have done it even before daylight had it been possible.

I have also to state that I am informed by Brigadier-General Scurry, who was in that portion of the battle, that the white flag displayed from Kuhn's Wharf was respected the moment it was seen.

JANUARY 4-MAY 8, 1863.-Operations against Indians in New Mexico.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

Jan. 29, 1863.-Skirmish at Pinos Altos Mines.

March 27, 1863.-Skirmish on the Rio Bonito.

April 25, 1863.-Skirmish at Apache Pass.

May 7, 1863.-Skirmish at Cajoude Arivaypo.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, No. 3. Santa Fe, N. Mex., February 24, 1864.

The following notices of combats with hostile Indians in New Mexico and synopsis of Indian depredations, as well as operations generally against them during the year 1863, are published for the information of all concerned. Perhaps not over one scout in four which was made against the Indians during that period was at all successful; but no notice is made except of scouts which had results for or against us. This fact is stated to convey a better idea of the labor of the troops:

January 4.-Colonel Carson, commanding Fort Stanton, reports arrival of 2 Mescalero Indians, who stated that in six days 100 Mescalero

