
Indians would deliver themselves up at Fort Stanton; that this number comprised all the Mescaleros not already at Bosque Redondo.

January 9.-Captain Updegraff, commanding Fort Sumner, reports that 2 men of the picket stationed at Bosque Grande left the picket contrary to orders to hunt, and that one of them, Private Samuel Strunk, Company M, First New Mexico Volunteers, was killed by Indians; that the number of Indians then at Bosque Redondo was 248.

January 17.-Colonel Carson reports the arrival at Fort Stanton of 100 Mescaleros, mentioned in his communication of the 4th instant, under the following-named chiefs: Ojo Blanco, Janero Viejo, Janero Pablo, Janero Francisco, Jose La Paz, Mancos Son, Schat-hi.

January 17.-CaptainE. D. Shirland, First Cavalry, California Volunteers, brought Mangus Colorado, an Apache chief, into Fort McLane a prisoner. On the morning of the 18th, in attempting to escape, Mangus was killed by the guard. January 20 Captain Shirland came upon an Indian rancheria, surprised and defeated the Indians, killing 9 and wounding many more, and capturing from them 34 head of stock, a portion of which were Government mules. The rancheria and all that pertained to it was destroyed.

January 19.-CaptainWilliam McCleave, First Cavalry, California Volunteers, reports that in obedience to orders he started from Fort McLane and proceeded to the Pinos Altos Mines; arriving at the latter place, a party of Mangus Colorado's band of Apaches approached; the men were ordered to attack them, which was done; 11 Indians were killed and 1 wounded; the latter proved to be the wife of the chief, Mangus Colorado. Three horses were captured, but being in poor condition, the people at the mines were permitted to keep them. Eleven Indians killed, 1 wounded, and 3 horses captured.

January 29.-On the 29th January the Indians attacked two hunting parties of Company A, Fifth Infantry, California Volunteers, at Pinos Altos Mines; killed Private [William] Hussey and wounded Sergeant [T. B.] Sitton. The Indians were driven off with a loss of 20 killed and 15 wounded. Sergeant Sitton behaved gallantly in this affair.

February 16.-L. M. Vaca reports that 4,000 sheep were stolen from the neighborhood of Limitar by Navajoes, and reports that the Navajoes stole 2,000 sheep, which he recaptured at the Sierras Oscuras [Black Hills], killing 3 and wounding several Indians, and capturing all their saddles, provisions, &amp;c.

February 25.-Jose L. Perea reports that a band of 40 Navajoes attacked and drove off 6,000 sheep 25 miles south of Pope's Artesian Well.

March 4.-L. M. Vaca reports that since February 26 310 head of horses and cattle have been stolen by Indians from the neighborhood of Limitar.

March 5.-Major [Arthur] Morrison reports departure of Indians mentioned in Colonel Carson's communication of January 17, 1862, from Fort Stanton to Bosque Redondo; also the departure of 15 additional Indians, who had given themselves up.

March 12.-Indians captured near Sabinal 2,300 head of sheep; were followed by Mexicans, who recaptured them on the Jornada on the night of the 12th or 13th.

March-.- A band of 40 Indians pursued two expressmen going from Fort Stanton to Fort Union. These Indians had a large herd of sheep. Captain [F. P.] Abreu, commanding Fort Stanton, sent Lieutenant [David] McAllister and 30 men, with ten days' rations, to the Sierras Oscuras to intercept them. The expedition failed to recover the stock.

