
had been attacked by Indians and nearly all the party killed, he being wounded in three places and left for dead. Major Morrison, with Lieutenant [L. A.] Bargie and 18 men of the company, went in pursuit, came to the salt marshes at daybreak of the 25th, found 10 wagons stripped of everything portable, and within a circuit of 3 miles 7 dead bodies of Mexicans, which they buried. They then followed the trail of the Indians toward the Sacramento Mountains; then toward the Sierra Blanca until noon, when they had been informed of the massacre by another wounded Mexican, who had escaped. The Indians had at this time twenty hours' start, and were hidden in the recesses of the Sierra Blanca. Major Morrison returned to San Nicolas Spring, arriving there on the evening of the 25th, having traveled 150 miles. Lieutenant Bargie's conduct is spoken of as deserving of praise. Estimated number of Indians 45 in all, 20 of whom were warriors. Arrows indicate they were Apaches. Seven Mexicans killed and 70 head of cattle stolen.

April 25.-CaptainBenjamin F. Harrover, Fifth Infantry, California Volunteers, reports that he attacked at Apache Pass a band of Apache Indians, numbering about 200; 30 of them mounted and several of them armed with guns. At the first fire the Indians fell back, but kept up the fight for nearly two hours. In this affair Private [M. B.] Wilcox, of Company E, Fifth Infantry, California Volunteers, was wounded. Indian loss, 3 killed;-wounded; troops, 1 private wounded.

May-.- Major Joseph Smith, commanding Fort Stanton, reports that a party of Indians made a descent on the farmers of Ruidoso and killed a man named Harding, robbed his house, and drove off 10 or 12 head of stock.

May 1.-Cesario Duran, a citizen, reports that a party under his command had a hard fight with the Apaches in the San Andres Mountains, and succeeded in killing and wounding many Indians; the party lost 2 men killed. The party recovered several animals and captured 7 horses.

May 8.-LieutenantCol. J. F. Chaves, First New Mexico Volunteers, reports that an Indian named Gordo was seized and turned over to LieutenantB. Stevens on the morning of 11th instant. The Indian unbound himself and attempted to escape; the sentinel in charge shot and killed him.

*			*			*			*			*

The zeal and energy shown by the officers and soldiers, and the fortitude with which they have encountered Lunger, thirst, fatigue, and exposure in their pursuit of hostile Indians within this department during the past year are deserving of the highest admiration. Not less is this due to those parties who were so unfortunate as not to overtake the Indians than to those who came up with them. All toiled and suffered alike. The gallantry which every one has shown when there was an opportunity to close with the enemy proves that that virtue among the troops in New Mexico is common to all.

The alacrity with which citizens of New Mexico have taken the field to pursue and encounter the Indians is worthy of all praise. Many of them have been conspicuous for their courage, and all have shown a settled determination to assist the military in their efforts to rid the country of the fierce and brutal robbers and murdered who for nearly two centuries have brought poverty to its inhabitants and mourning and desolation to nearly every hearth throughout the territory.

