
whole force to Lynch's Point and bivouacked for the night under cover of the gunboats.

Next morning I threw the Eighth Vermont on the east bank of Bayou Teche, to clear that bank of riflemen and other land forces that might be there, and advanced my line on the west bank to attack the Cotton, which was in sight. Before starting I directed the colonel of the Eighth Vermont to call for 60 volunteers to move right up to the Cotton on the east bank and shoot down her gunners. I directed Lieutenant-Colonel Babcock, of the Seventy-fifth New York, to call for the same number of volunteers to do the same on the west bank.

Soon after starting the gunboats, which were ahead, engaged the Cotton, my line steadily advancing. As soon as the Seventy-fifth New York was within supporting distance of the Cotton a portion of her regular line of skirmishers and the volunteers attacked her, shot down every one in sight, and completely silenced her. At the same time Captain Bainbridge was enfilading her from the main road, and Carruth and Bradbury, en echelon on plantation roads running parallel to the main road, were firing at her broadside. The Eighth Vermont came up on the east bank as quickly as possible, drove the enemy from his rifle pits, and the cavalry which was supporting these riflemen, and took 41 prisoners, including a lieutenant. The three pieces of the enemy's artillery, with its infantry and cavalry support on the west bank, were driven back by the skirmishers of the Seventy-fifth New York and my light batteries. At the same time the gunboats were firing at the Cotton as fast as possible. At the same time the gunboats were firing at the Cotton as fast possible. The Cotton stood this terrible fire bravely for some time, then commenced retreating slowly. After getting out of range she came back but was again repulsed, and after that there was only slight skirmishing between the land forces for the rest of the day.

Next morning before daybreak, and before we could commence removing the obstructions in the bayou, the Cotton was reported on fire. She had been swung across the bayou and burned, so that her hull might serve as a further obstruction. The object of the expedition having thus been accomplished I immediately ordered the return, and arrived here on Friday night with my whole command.

We captured about 50 prisoners [including 1 lieutenant] and several horses. We lost 1 lieutenant and 5 privates killed and 2 non-commissioned officers and 25 privates wounded,

The gunboat fleet, commanded by the brave, lamented Buchanan, consisted of the gunboat Calhoun, Lieutenant Buchanan commanding [and since his death by Acting Master M. Jordan]; the gunboat Estrella, LieutenantCommander A. P. Cooke; the gunboat Kinsman, Acting Volunteer LieutenantGeorge Wiggins, and the gunboat Diana, Acting Master E. S. Goodwin. All of these gallant officers and the brave officers and men under them did their duty bravely and well. They crossed and recrossed my whole command over Berwick Bay without a single accident and covered my advance and march on the return in the most handsome manner.

My personal staff, Captain Hubbard, assistant adjutant-general; Lieuts. P. D. Allen and Graves, aides-de-camp; Lieutenant-Colonel Lull, Eighth New Hampshire, and Captain Cowan, Company B, Massachusetts Cavalry, acting aides; Dr. M. D. Benedict, chief surgeon; Major Carpenter, Seventy-fifth New York, chief quartermaster; LieutenantFred. E. Smith, Eighth Vermont, chief commissary, and Lieutenant Wrotnoski, Topographical Engineer, distinguished themselves, as on my previous expedition, by their coolness and bravery and the prompt and efficient manner in which they conveyed and carried out my orders.

