
Captain Barrett, with his cavalry as advance guard and rear guard, acted splendidly and bravely. He mentions for particular bravery in the several skirmishes they had with the enemy's cavalry Lieutenant Thayer, First Sergt. Thomas Maher, Sergeant Hennessy; Corporals Adams, Brennan, Boyle; Privates Long, Barry, Wallace, and Walsh [killed]. This company killed, wounded, and took prisoners about 15 of the enemy and the same number of horses, arms, and equipments. He lost 1 man and several horses, but no arms or equipments.

The battery under command of CaptainE. C. Bainbridge, Fifth Artillery, consisting of four pieces of Company A, First Artillery [Lieutenant Humphrey commanding one section], and one section of the Fourth Massachusetts Battery [Lieutenant Briggs commanding], was in the advance going and in the rear returning.

The Sixth Massachusetts, Captain Carruth, and the First Maine, Lieutenant Bradbury, with all their officers and men, distinguished themselves by the manner in which they came into position under the fire of the heavy guns of the Cotton the manner in which they riddled her and silenced the enemy's battery on shore which was supporting the Cotton.

The Eighth Vermont, Colonel Thomas, for the first in action as a regiment, reflected the highest credit upon itself by the splendid manner in which they cleared the enemy's rifle pits on the east bank and afterward pursued them. This regiment took 41 prisoners, 3 wounded, and killed 4 of the enemy.

Colonel Thomas mentions Captain Dutton and Lieutenant McFarland and the men under their command for distinguished conduct. He also mentions CaptainL. M. Grout, acting major, and Adjt. J. L. Barstow as having rendered him very efficient aid. This regiment lost none, because if flanked and surprised the enemy completely.

The Seventy-fifth New York, Lieutenant-Colonel Babcock, also for the first time in action as a regiment, formed the right of the line on the west bank. To this regiment fell the lot of moving right on to the Cotton. The regiment, its line of skirmishers [a portion of which attacked the Cotton in rear], and the 60 volunteers behaved in the most praise-worthy, the bravest, and most magnificent manner. The whole of them covered themselves with glory. They silenced the Cotton completely, and with the artillery drove off the enemy's battery on shore, killing and wounding a very large number on board of the boat and on shore. Captain Fitch and Lieutenant Whiteside [killed], commanding the volunteers; Captain Savery and Lieutenant Thurber, commanding the skirmishers; Lieutenants Miles and Fitch, with the pickets, are mentioned on all sides for distinguished coolness, judgment, and bravery. This regiment lost 1 lieutenant and 3 privates killed and 2 non-commissioned officers and 18 private wounded. Its small loss under the heavy fire of the enemy is due to the rapidity, order, and determination with which it advanced.

The One hundred and sixtieth New York, Colonel Dwight, was in the center, and, although not engaged with the enemy, behaved well under the enemy's artillery fire. It lost 1 private killed and 4 wounded.

The Twelfth Connecticut, Major Peck, formed the left, the Twenty-first Indiana, Major Hays, and Sixth Michigan, Colonel Clark, formed the reserve. The reputation of these three regiments is so well established that nothing need be said. The position I assigned them shows the estimation in which I held them, and had it become necessary to make an attack upon the main body of the enemy's land forces to secure

