
the object of my expedition they had a most important part of the programme assigned them.

The Twenty-third Connecticut, Colonel Holmes, held Brashear City during the advance of the expedition.

Company B, Eighth New Hampshire, Lieutenant Camp, as provost guard, did their duty as well as possible.

The four signal officers, Lieutenants Vance, Eaton, Butterfield, and Dana, and the men under them, again distinguished themselves by their energy, coolness, and bravery.

A portion of these troops on his expedition was transported 160 miles by rail, and nearly all about 70. This was accomplished rapidly and without the least accident to man, horse, or piece of artillery. This reflects the highest credit upon the energy and ability of Lieutenant-Colonel Colburn, Twelfth Connecticut, superintendent of the Opelousas Railroad, and his subordinates.

My total loss was 1 lieutenant and 5 privates killed, and 2 non-commissioned officers and 25 privates wounded. The enemy's loss on shore and on the boat was fully treble my own.

Lieutenant Whiteside, of the Seventy-fifth New York, bravely led his volunteers; went up to the banks opposite the Cotton and ordered them to haul down her flag. He was immediately fatally shot, but before dying ordered his men to keep on and take the ship.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

LieutenantCol. RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Adjutant-General, Dept.of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.

JANUARY 21, 1863.-Attack on Blockading Squadron at Sabine Pass, Tex.

Report of Major GeneralJohn B. Magruder, C. S. Army, with congratulatory orders.*

HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA, Houston, Tex., January 24, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that Sabine Pass has been cleared of the enemy; two gunboats, which I fitted up on the Sabine, having captured the enemy's blockading squadron, consisting of a 12-gun ship of war and a schooner man-of-war of two guns, commanded by officers of the U. S. Navy. Our boats pursued the enemy 30 miles at sea, during which time a running fight was kept up. Finally, getting them under fire of our Enfield rifles, they surrendered, and never turned back to the Pass.

This expedition was under command of Major O. M. Watkins, of my staff, and was fitted out under my orders, principally by the gallant Leon Smith, now in command of the Harriet Lane and the rest of the war vessels in Galveston Harbor.

Major Watkins reports that he captured thirteen heavy guns, 129 prisoners, and $100,000 worth of stores.

---------------

*See also Magruder's report of the recapture of Galveston, &amp;c., p.2111; and for reports of U. S.naval officers see Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, December 7, 1863.

---------------

