
pursuers and pursued, and the pursuit discontinued as the night came on. One of our men was slightly wounded in the left arm and several of the rebels were seen to fall. It would have been well had matters ended thus and we should still have been gainers, but I regret to say that my aide-de-camp, Lieutenant George De Kay, who volunteered to accompany Major Boardman having most inconsiderately placed himself in advance of the advance guard, was severely and it is feared fatally wounded receiving seven buck-shot in the left arm and five in the left side and back. He bears his misfortune manfully and cheerfully and looks better far than he could be expected to look, but he complains of paralysis of his lower limbs. The surgeon confirms this, but hopes the paralysis may not be permanent. None of the shots in his body have yet been extracted. His surgeon thinks it best and he himself desires to be sent North, but without the knowledge of any immediate opportunity from New Orleans of going North it is perhaps best he should remain here until advised of such opportunity that his delay in the hotter and less healthy air of New Orleans may be as short as possible.

I regret to say that the flag-officer left for New Orleans before I could communicate with him respecting the probable transmission of men and supplies by the rebels via the Red River and the Black River to Vicksburg but would respectfully here suggest that a gunboat at the mouth of either river would effectually stop any such proceeding. The gunboats Kineo and Kennebec left here by the order of the flag-officer for the protection of Baton Rouge-I should suppose not available for that service at this time, if I had the authority to order them.

If in the uncertainties which surround me, chiefly regarding the intentions of the enemy, it be possible to take steps to secure the cotton (340 bales) at Turnbull's Island I shall gladly and promptly do so.

While writing, Captain Bailey, the officer of the day, is announced, and reports he has reliable authority or at least the authority of loyal men, for saying that Colonel Wingfield, of the rebel with 2,500 men, is at this writing (4 p.m.) within 3 miles of the town, and is supported 5 miles in rear by a force of 7,000, with sixteen guns, supposed to be siege guns. He is informed by the same source that the rebel chief has notified all the families to leave the town with their effects, and says the families are leaving in great consternation. I have made up my mind how to defend the town, and am about to confer on the subject with our friends of the Navy, Captains Ransom, and Russell, of the gunboats Kineo and Kennebec respectively.

I learn that there are on the Laurel Hill, now here, 50,000 rounds of ammunition for the Michigan regiment. The Wisconsin are those who need, having only about 25 rounds per men, and this 54 caliber will not help the Wisconsin .69 caliber at all.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, Volunteers.

Major GEORGE C. STRONG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. New Orleans.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

New Orleans, June 1, 1862

Brigadier General THOMAS WILLIAMS,

Commanding Expeditionary Corps, &amp;c.;

GENERAL: I have sent you three regiments, the Thirtieth Massa-

