
[Inclosure No. 3.]

By telegraph from La Fourche, La., to Major GeneralC. C. Augur.

The information is that the old force is there with a new battery of four field pieces. The old force is the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-third Crescent and Eighteenth Regiment of Louisiana Infantry; Semmes' and the Pelican batteries, six guns each; the Second Louisiana Cavalry and Waller's battalion of Texas Cavalry. Total force about 2,500 men and eighteen pieces of artillery. The Diana had left yesterday morning on your order. I sent Lieutenant Loring on the Kinsman to overtake her and to assist her in the reconnaissance.

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

[Inclosure No. 4.]

By telegraph from Baton Rouge, La., to Lieutenant-Colonel Irwin, Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: I am reliably informed that there are two boats fitting up at Port Hudson to assist the Frank Webb, a rebel gunboat, in making an attack upon the Conestoga, and any other boats we may have about the mouth of the Red River. It is believed that it will require some time to make their preparations for such an expedition. The boats referred to as fitting up are the Louisville, a first-class river steamer, and the D. Bentley, an old boat of not much account.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GROVER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 5.]

By telegraph from La Fourche, La., to Major-General Augur.

SIR: The following dispatch has been received:

BRASHEAR CITY, LA., February 13, 1863-10 p.m.

Brigadier-General WEITZEL:

The Kinsman has returned, having communicated with the Diana. The Diana captured one of Fuller's negroes, who says there are three guns in Butte-a-la-Rose, commanded by Burbank, late of the Cotton, and manned by the Cotton's crew, supported by four or five companies of infantry. Captain Wiggins says all the points on the lake are strongly picketed, and at Indian Bend there are three 24-pounders in position. I propose starting at 8 o'clock in the morning to examine Indian Bend. Captain Wiggins' information is from contrabands near Indian Bend, who left there yesterday.

A. P. COOKE,

Lieutenant, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 6.]

PLAQUEMINE, LA., February 17, 1863.

Brigadier-General EMORY, U. S. A.:

SIR: In obedience to your orders I proceeded on the morning of the 16th instant, with the Hartford's launch, armed with one heavy 12-pounder boat howitzer, and the iron-clad gunboat Baratoria, down Bayou Plaquemine, for the purpose of ascertaining the practibility

