
of transporting troops through Bayou Sorrel and Lake Chicot. About 12 miles below Indian Village, in Bayou Sorrel, I found a raft of driftwood one-fourth of a mile in length. A short distance below this I found another raft of drift-wood 1 1/2 miles in length, and learned through well-disposed citizens of several miles of other drift-wood, and that the portion of Lake Chicot called the bay is filled up with the accumulated drift of two seasons. I therefore report to you that it is not, in my opinion, practicable to transport troops through Lakke Chicot and Bayou Sorrel. I would also most respectfully state that in my opinion the transportation of troops through the Upper Grand River is for similar reasons impracticable. In my opinion the only way of rendering this bayou navigable for transports is by removing the drift-wood, which work should commence in that part of Lake Chicot called the bay.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JOHN C. WATSON,

Lieutenant, U. S. Navy, Comdg. Naval part of the Expedition.

[Inclosure No. 7.]

PLAQUEMINE, LA., February 17, 1863.

Captain IVES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division:

SIR: From what I saw of the drift-wood in Bayou Sorrel, as well as from what I learned of the same from sailors, soldiers, and citizens of our reconnoitering party, I am of the opinion that said bayou is not navigable for more than 12 miles below Indian Village. In my judgment the only way in which said bayou can be rendered navigable is by removing the drift-wood, which work should be and can be done by commencing in that part of Lake Chicot called the bay. The Upper Grand River is also not navigable, owing to drift-wood.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

O. P. GOODING,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade, Third Division.

[Inclosure No. 8.]

By telegraph from Berwick Bay, La., to Major-General Augur.

Captain Goodwin, of the Diana, requests me to telegraph that all the routes from Lake Chicot to Indian Village are blocked by drift for 5 miles, which the pilots and inhabitants say will cut off all communication between those places.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully,

FRANK W. LORING,

Aide-de-Camp to General Emory.

[Inclosure No. 9.]

By telegraph from La Fourche, La., to Major-General Augur.

The following dispatch has been received:

BRASHEAR CITY, LA., February 14, 1863.

General WEITZEL:

Captain Goodwin says he could not penetrate even the first accumulation of drift without disabling his boat; but if he may be ordered to try as soon as he returns to

