
to Indian Village is blocked by drift, which will prevent any movement on your part from Indian Village.

"G. WEITZELL,

"Brigadier-General."

The Grand River is also choked, as is known at headquarters. Neither the information nor the means of transportation of this expedition are as you suppose. A conference with you is in my judgment essential. Shall I return for the purpose or will you please to instruct me what to do? We have information that one of our gunboats has made an important capture at the mouth of Red River.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Plaquemine.

[Inclosure No. 14.]
HEADQUARTERS STEAMER LOUISIANA BELLE, Plaquemine, La., February 15, 1863-10 p.m.

Colonel HOLCOMB:

Please send the following to General N. P. Banks:

GENERAL: Information received induces me to believe another route exists free from drift. I will explore it before coming to a final decision.

W. H. EMORY,Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure No. 15.]

By telegraph from La Fourche, La., to Major GeneralC. C. Augur.

The following dispatch has just been received:

BRASHEAR CITY, LA., February 17, 1863.

Brigadier-General WEITZEL:

The Diana and Kinsman approached within a mile of the fort at Butte-a-la-Rose on either side of Cow Island. I attempted to get the Diana within sight of the fort, but Captain Goodwin refused. The Kinsman went the northern passage; drove in 5 pickets, and was stopped by sharpshooters. Information from the inhabitants apparently confirms information before received, that the force at Butte-a-la-Rose does not exceed six companies and four pieces of artillery. A thorough reconnaissance was made of the route to Indian Village. After pushing through one drift we found two others extending as far as one could see. It was impossible to penetrate them. Communication with General Emory is therefore effectually blocked. The water is everywhere rising, flooding what little land there is.

Most respectfully,

FRANK W. LORING,

Aide-de-Camp.

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

[Inclosure No. 16.]

BERWICK BAY, LA., February 17, 1863.

Brigadier-General EMORY, Plaquemine, La.:

The Diana and Kinsman approached within 1 mile of the fort at Butt-a-la-Rose on either side of Cow Island. I attempted to get the Diana within sight of the fort, but Captain Goodwin refused. The Kinsman went the northern passage; drove in 5 pickets, and was stopped by sharpshooters. Information from the inhabitants apparently confirms information before received, that the force at Butte-a-la-Rose does not exceed six companies and four pieces of artillery. A thorough recon-

