
naissance was made of the route to Indian Village. After pushing through one drift we found two others extending as far as one could PAsee. Communication between Indian Village and Lake Chicot is effectually blocked. The water is everywhere rising, flooding what little land there is. Butte-a-la-Rose is most submerged, and is impracticable for cavalry and artillery, and only with great difficulty practicable for infantry. A few days of wet weather will submerge it unless the drift in Bayou Sorrel be soon cleared away. It threatens to choke all the outlets from Lake Chicot northward, and so to cut off communication between here and Butte-a-la-Rose.

FRANK W. LORING,

Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure No. 17.]

BAYOU LA FOURCHE, LA., February 14, 1863.

Colonel HOLCOMB:

Send the following dispatch to General Emory as soon as possible:

MANNING'S LANDING, LA., February 14, 1863.

Brigadier-General EMORY:

Your aide has returned to Brashear City on the Diana. He telegraphs the route to Indian Village is blocked by drift, which will prevent any movement on your part from Indian Village. The force at Butte-a-la-Rose is three heavy guns and about 400 men.

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

[Inclosure No. 18.]

By telegraph from Headquarters Third Division, steamer Louisiana Belle, Plaquemine, La. [17th], to Major-General Banks.

GENERAL: I have some prospect of removing the raft in one of the bayous. I therefore suggest that the Diana be held in readiness to co-operate. I have notified General Weitzel.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure No. 19.]

By telegraph from Plaquemine, La., to Major-General Banks, commanding.

Every bayou choked with drift-wood-impassable and immovable from this direction. I am on my way down to see you.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure No. 20.]

CAMP, INDIAN VILLAGE, LA., February 19, 1863.

General EMORY:

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that, in accordance with instructions from Major Boardman, I proceeded to explore and ascertain the extent of drift in the Bayou Sorrel, and, if possible, to proceed to

