
Lake Chicot. I succeeded in reaching the termination of the first drift, which was about 1 mile in extent. Sounding its depth, I found it composed of one mass of logs, roots, big and small trees, boards, &amp;c., jammed tightly for 30 feet [the whole length of my pole]. Two miles farther I found a second drift of about the same extent. It was now dark, and having waded and crossed several dangerous breaks in the levee, fear of losing my two men compelled me to return. From sources I deem perfectly reliable I learn there is another and more formidable drift 3 miles from the mouth of Lake Chicot, into which it extends; that it has been forming two years; that there is no current to carry off the logs if we should succeed in detaching them; that their removal is an impossibility, and the loosening of the first drift will only embarrass matters more at the third and last.

I have the honor, sir, to be yours, respectfully,

HENRY COEHEN,

CaptainCompany K, One hundred and seventy-third N. Y. Vols.

[Addenda.]

CARROLLTON,-. [Received, New Orleans, February 26, 1863.]

Lieutenant-Colonel IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The following is a telegram received from Colonel Currie, by which it will be seen he reports the country between the Plaquemine and Fausse River and the Atchafalaya is impracticable for all arms. I have ordered him to concentrate at Plaquemine and be on his guard against attack.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General.

General W. H. EMORY:

The reconnaissance has just returned, having reconnoitered as far as Fausse on Mississippi, Madam Parlanger's on the Fausse River, and within 2 miles of the mouth of Cow Head Bayou on the Atchafalaya. The command used up. Had to make forced marches to avoid assault from 2,400 from Port Hudson and some cavalry reported to be coming along the State road from near the mouth of Bayou Alabama. Full particulars will accompany my report to Colonel Paine to-morrow evening.

The launches have not yet returned and will not be in till late. The men prostrated by fatigue. Will send Louisiana Bele and launches down to-morrow morning early to Carrollton. In my opinion the country is impracticable for all arms of the service. Loss 1 man and 2 prisoners; 4 paroled.

L. D. H. CURRIE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

