
Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Everett, and a detachment of the Second Rhode Island Cavalry in a direction directly opposite Port Hudson. Colonel Paine succeeded in reaching the crevasse with his whole force. Finding the water too deep for his infantry, he took his cavalry, and after a march of 4 miles reached the Mississippi River above Port Hudson. I respectfully refer the commanding officer to his report of the discharge of the duty assigned him.

Colonel Paine, by his personal courage, military skill, and indomitable perseverance, has almost individually accomplished the object for which hundreds of troops were deemed necessary.

I am, sir respectfully, your most obedient servant,

N. A. M. DUDDLEY,

Colonel and Acting Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Col. RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 8. Report of Col. Chales J. Paine, Second Louisiana Infantry (Union), of reconnaissance to the mouth of False River.

CAMP NEAR PORT HUDSON, LA.,

March 19, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the report, for the information of the commanding officer, that in obedience to verbal instructions I proceeded with two regiments of infantry, the Second Louisiana and One hundred and seventy-fourth New York, and about 20 cavalry, at 2 p. m., directly inland from the Point. After marching about a mile the country was so flooded with water that I left the infantry and went on with the cavalry, leaving squads of them behind to watch the bridge and two cross-roads. reaching a bay (marked on the map False River) I turned to the right and galloped to the Mississippi, striking it about 2 miles from and above Port Hudson, and at the mouth of False rive. I examined the river for ships of war, but could see none. I examined the banks of Port Hudson and could see no vessels, except one small river steamboat painted while. Part of the shore on the west side of the Mississippi river and above False River was not in sight and could not be seen by any ion on the south side of False River, which cannot be forded. A good road crosses False River at a dike about a mile from its mouth.

I am, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES J. PAINE,

Colonel Second Louisiana Volunteers, Commanding Expedition.

Captain SPEED, Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 9. Report of Col. N. A. M. Dudley, Thirtieth Massachusetts Infantry, of expedition to Hermitage Landing.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION,Bivouac opposite Port Hudson, La., March 25, 1863.

Inclosed I have the honor to send an official copy of the report of a very successful expedition which I sent out yesterday morning under

