
range since 2 o'clock. No harm done. The reports of the position of land forces not accurate. Their advance have been skirmishing 3 miles from breastworks.

FRANK GARDNER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:
HEADQUARTERS,Port Hudson, La., March 14, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on Monday last, March 9, the enemy gave some indications of advancing, and on Tuesday moved out with considerable force of infantry, cavalry, and artillery on the three roads, but made a halt only a few miles from Baton Rouge. He moved a portion of his forces by transports about 5 miles above Baton Rouge at the same time, and also sent up one gunboat, which drove in my signal parties from the lower stations, capturing 2 men.

Yesterday he advanced five gunboats, the Mississippi and Richmond, with three transports, and landed a small force of cavalry and two regiments of infantry at Springfield Landing, about 10 miles below here by the road. They marched rapidly to the Baton Rouge road and passed down that to the road to Taylor's Landing, and embarked again at that pit. I starter Wingfield's cavalry immediately on the receipt of the intelligence, but they were too late. The enemy effected nothing except driving in the small interior cavalry pickets and stealing few horses. The expedition was of more benefit to my men than theirs, as it produced immediate cheerfulness and hopes of a fight.

The five gunboats anchored in sight, but not in range. Six in sight this morning. No news from the front.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, No. 27. Port Hudson, La., Mrch 14, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

III. The confinement of all offices and men who are under charges will have their arrest suspended until further orders. They will return to duty with their respective commands.

IV. The enemy has at last determined to advance against this place to made an effort here to open the navigation of the Mississippi. The major-general commanding has entire confidence in his gallant and veteran troops, and feels satisfied that their conduct on this occasion will be, as heretofore, distinguished by their bravery, endurance, and cheerfulness. Let every man do his duty and we will hold this point in defiance of the numbers they bring against us.

V. The troops will be required to remain continuously at the breastworks, except the necessary details of teamsters, company cooks (not to exceed eighth to a company), and hospital details. All men detached will be required to have their arms and accouterments at all times within their reach.

VI. The small-arms ammunition and ammunition	 for the field batteries

