
Amite in time, and while making a feint of bringing and crossing that stream he reports that he was assailed by an enemy's force from the opposite bank, but my opinion is that the force there was not large.

I t is my intention to hold Manchac Pass and as much of the railroad beyond of some importance to the defense of the city, and to this end the troops are now throwing up a breastwork, in order to hold the defile leading from the Pass to Ponchatoula against any reasonable force the enemy would attempt a raid with.

In the mean while I respectfully silicic the attention of the general commanidng to the importance of having the great bridges across both Passes repaired at an early day, so that in case of successes of greater importance we shall be ready to push cars beyond without delay. The work required on these bridges is large.

Very respectfully,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant-Colonel IRWIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.

P. S. - I should have stated also that the schooner Corypheus (two guns) accompanied the expedition and covered the North Pass during the operation at Ponchatoula.

No. 2. Report of Col. Thomas S. Clark, Sixth Michigan Infantry, commanding expedition.

MANCHAC PASS., LA., March 29, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders of date March 20, 1863, I proceeded with my command to Frenier Station on the morning of the 21st, and there bivouacked for the night, assuming command at that post. I found four companies of General Nickerson's brigade at Frenier and De Sair Stations.

On Sunday, the 22nd, at 7 a. m., I proceeded with the command to Manchac Pass, leaving about 100 men to guard the bayou and road in my rear. Arrived at South Manchac Pass at 1 p. m. same day. At 6 p. m. five schooners and one small steam, containing five companies of Colonel Smith's regiment, One hundred and sixty-fifth New York Volunteers; one company of my own regiment; two rifled New York Volunteers; one company of my own regiment; two rifled field pieces, in charge of a detachment of the Ninth Connecticut Volunteers, and a launch, mounting one rifle, manned by a detachment of the Ninth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers, arrived on the morning of the 23rd. I debarked the One hundred and sixty-fifth New York Volunteers, places one field piece on the north side of the island where the railroad bridge crossed the North Pass, and embarked the troops brought by me from Frenier, consisting of the Sixth Regiment Michigan Volunteers, and one company of the Twenty-fourth Maine Volunteers. The embarkation was made in the midst of a terrible storm of wind and rain, which delayed us very much. I now directed Colonel Smith to proceed up the

