
Montgomery, Company H, and Lieutenant Dickey, Company E, Sixth Regiment Michigan Volunteers, who bore themselves admirable, and on the afternoon of the 26th by Company D, Sixth Michigan Volunteers, under Lieutenant McIlvaine, and Company K, under Captain Chapman, one company Zouaves, Captain Thorpe, the letter of which I do not know, the whole under command of Major Clarke, Sixth Michigan Volunteers, and the pickets were brought in in good shape.

I feel very much obliged to Lieutenant-Colonel Smith for his hearty and effective co-operation throughout the entire expedition. Lieutenant C. W. Stone, quartermaster of the expedition, has labored earnestly and efficiently, and accomplished a great deal with very few facilities.

I cannot close this report without returning my thanks for the assistance rendered me by Captain Perce, of your staff, during his stay with me. He was continually by my side, ready to assist me in every possible way. Captain Bailey also rendered me valuable service in the erection of breastworks.

I inclose Colonel Smith's report; also a communicating from the enemy.

My total loss is 9 wounded, none seriously, whole that of the enemy is reported at 3 killed and 11 wounded, 1 mortally.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

THOS. S. CLARK,

Colonel, Commanding Expedition.

Captain WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, New Orleans, La.

No. 3. Report of Lieutenant Col. Abel Smith, jr., One hundred and sixty-fifth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 165TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Ponchatoula, La., March 25, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with the orders of the colonel commanding, I disembarked my battalion on the morning of the 23rd at about 8.30 a. m. and took up the march about 10.30 a. m. along the railroad, across Jones' Island, to the North Pass, which I crossed immediately and halted on the north side in obedience to orders. Sending out an advance guard, they discovered a rebel picket about 1 mile beyond guarding two schooners loaded with cotton. They drove the pickets before them and seized the schooners. The captain of one of the schooners was killed while coming toward us to notify me (as was alleged by his companion) that the cotton belonged to the subjects of a foreign power.

Not hearing further from the colonel commanding, I pushed on across the trestle work and bivouacked for the night on the railroad, the rebel picket keeping up a continuous firing during the night.

At daybreak I moved forward and halted at the opening inthe pine wood. This was a very strong position, and could have been successfully held against a large force by a very few men, and, as I had been ordered to remain at this place until hearing the signal from Colonel clark, I did not attempt to move farther on, but only to hold my position.

