
At 12 m. a flag of truce advanced from Colonel Miller, commanding the rebel forces, when I received from him the inclosed communication in relation to the cargoes of the two schooners. You will also please find inclosed my answer to the communication.*

About 1 p. m. I heard the signal and advanced and above the enemy into the wood. About 2 miles from Ponchatoula we met the party sent by the colonel commanding to inform us that he was in the town. Moved rapidly forward and arrived here about 3 p. m.

Have to report 3 men wounded slightly.

Very respectfully, yours,

ABEL SMITH, JR.,

Lieutenant Col., Comdg. One hundred and sixty-fifth Regt. N. Y. Vols.

Lieutenant DICKEY, Acting Assisting Adjutant-General.

No. 4. Report of Lieutenant General John C. Pemberton, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Mississippi and East Louisiana.

JACKSON, MISS., March 27, 1863.

The enemy have been driven back beyond Ponchatoula by the troops under command of Lieutenant Col. H. H. Miller in such hot pursuit that they were compelled to burn their own stores placed in railroad depot; also fired the place, but our troops extinguished the flames.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General.

General S. COOPER.

No. 5. Report of Major F. Du Monteil, Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army.

TANGIPAHOA, March 24, 1863.

Positive information Ponchatoula in hands of the enemy. Telegraph operator at Tickfaw says Colonel Miller's command at Hammond station, half way between Tickfaw and Ponchatoula. Enemy reported 1,000 strong. The locomotive gone to Tickfaw to being back rolling stock from that station here. Expected back in one hour. I sent two officers with it. Will telegraph you if I receive any further news. Have inall 20 men. I will send all fit for duty to Colonel Miller.

F. DUMONTEIL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON.

No. 6. Report of Major M. R. Clark, Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army.

BROOKHAVEN, March 26, 1863.

Sent to Colonel Miller 120 infantry, including one company cavalry

---------------

*Inclosures transferred, under date of March 24, 1863, to Series III.

---------------

