
injured, and will be immediately put in service. Enemy's loss in killed, wounded, and prisoners, 150.

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

APRIL 7, 1863. - Attack on the steamer Barataria, Amite River.

Report of Captain Gadi Herren, First Mississippi Cavalry.

CAMP RUGGLES, April 12, 1863.

COLONEL: On Monday, 7th instant, you directed me to send a scouting party under a trusty non-commissioned officer to Rome, on the Tickfaw River, and, if practicable, from there to Duck Bill, on the lake shore, near the mouth of the Amite. I detailed form my squadron for this purpose eight men, under Corporal Davidson, to proceed as you directed. Arriving at Rome (the ferry) Crossing on the Tickfaw River, he stationed a portion of his small squad to guard against any advance from this direction. He then proceeded with the remainder of his force within a mile of the mouth of the Amite, where, hearing that one of the enemy's boats was aground at this point, he dismounted his men and proceeded to attack the boat. He found her, within 50 or 75 yards of the shore, stuck hard and fast on the east bank of the river. The timer skirting the rive bank afforded good protection against the shot and shell fired from the gunboat. He soon compelled the gunners to abandon their guns and seek protection in their casemates. He succeeded in killing two of the enemy while attempting to get aboard with some spars which they were using to get their boat afloat. Finding it impossible to provoke them from behind their protection of thick iron, he posted a portion of the boat and report with the remainder of his force to me at this place at 10 o'clock p. m. the same evening. I then directed him to report the facts to you.

At 12 o'clock m. the same evening you directed me to take my whole squadron and proceed at once to the mouth of the Amite River and capture or destroy the boat reported aground thee. On reaching the point designated I found the enemy had hastily abandoned and set fire to the boat at sundown the previous evening, leaving nothing but a complete wreck, with one brass rifle gun, which was still above water. This boat was marked Barataria of 291; she was 125 feet long, completely covered with iron one inch thick.

Too much cannot be said in praise of the coolness, courage, and judgment displayed by Corporal Davidson and the brave men under him in destroying with their rifles (or causing the destruction of) one of the enemy's most formidable boat on the lake.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GADI HERREN,

Captain, Comdg. Squadron First Mississippi Cavalry.

Col. J. M. SIMONTON,

Commanding at Ponchatoula.

