
to-morrow, but will wait for the gunboats to know that they are going up to Black River.

Wishing you every success, I remain, very truly, yours,

D. G. FARRAGUT,

Rear-Admiral.

[Sub-inclosure.]

UNITED STATES FLAG-SHIP HARTFORD,

Off Red River, May 1, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Comdg. of the Tennessee:

DEAR GENERAL: I herewith inclose to you a communication brought from General Banks by my secretary, who went down past Port Hudson in a skiff, carrying my dispatches to General Banks and the fleet below. Its soiled condition is owing to the secretary's being compelled to carry it in his mouth when pursued by the enemy's pickets on his return to this ship across the peninsula.

General Banks has defeated General Taylor at Pattersonville, on the Teche, capturing 2,000 prisoners. Our gunboats captured the Queen of the West, Diana, and one other. The Queen was burned, but we got her guns.

The enemy was fleeing before General Banks, who when last heard from was at Holmesville, within 30 miles of Alexandria. Kirby Smith has gone up to Arkansas for re-enforcements for Taylor, and if I had one or two of Admiral Porter's vessels to send up to the mouth of Black River I could captured Kirby Smith's whole fleet. By remaining here prevent them from sending re-enforcements from Port Hudson to Alexandria.

General Banks, learning that the gunboats had passed Vicksburg, had calculated on my being able to meet him at Alexandria, and so I will if the boats come down to me. I have written a most imploring appeal to the admiral for them; otherwise, my time and fuel being nearly expended, I shall soon have to abandon my post and return to New Orleans. The enemy have sent every man that they can spare to Johnston, in anticipation of the coming battle between him and Rosecrans. If I had obtained the two iron-clads I asked for I would have been, I think, this day with General Banks in Alexandria. How it will be now I cannot tell.

The enemy has removed the guns of the Indianola from Fort De Russy,

Red River (where the Queen of the West was captured from us), to Alexandria to defend that city. There are no guns between this and Alexandria, but this ship draws too much water, and the two small boats would be captured by the enemy's fleet of gunboats and transports by boarding.

I can get no news of General Banks since Monday last. We learn through rebel sources that your cavalry has made a raid on the Jackson Railroad. I sincerely hope it is true.

Very truly and respectfully,

D. G. FARRAGUT,

Rear-Admiral.

[Inclosure No. 2.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULG, 19TH ARMY CORPS,Opelousas, La., May 3, 1863-12 noon.

Admiral FARRAGUT:

DEAR SIR: Your dispatch, with copy of that to General Grant, was

