
to send to the superintendent of telegraphs at New Iberia for translation. I did not ascertain the support of it until late that night:

[APRIL 14.]

To Major General N. P. BANKS:

Am concentrating my forces at Grand Gulf. Will send an army corps to Bayou Sara by the 25th to co-operate with you on Port Hundson. Can you aid me and send troops after the reduction of Port Hudson to assist me at Vicksburg?

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

This was without date. I replied early on the following morning (May 6), having no means of putting my dispatch in cipher, as follows.

By the 25th, probably; by the 1st, certainly, I will be there.

This dispatch I forwarded by steamer to Admiral Farragut, who immediately sent it to General Grant. I inferred from this dispatch of General Grant's that he would postpone his attack upon Vicksburg until after the fall to Port Hudson, but Admirals Farragut and Porter and both decided in the opinion that he is already moving upon Vicksburg; but upon re-examination of the general's dispatch I do not think this possible. If it is the case, the co-operation which I had counter upon may fail. However that may be, I shall move from this point upon Port Hudson as soon as our transportation and supplies, which must be already on the way, reach us through the Atchafalaya.

The choice is between following the enemy to Shreveport and operating upon Port Hudson. I regard the latter as offering in all respects the most decided advantage, and as within the line of my instructions.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief U. S. Army.

No. 21.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Alexandria, May 12, 1863.

GENERAL: First Lieutenant Crosby, of my staff, whom have sent to communicate with the Hartford and General Grant, returned this bearing the dispatch of which I inclose a copy. I also inclose a copy of a dispatch, received at the same time, from Captain Palmer, of the Navy, commanding the Hartford.

From this dispatch of General Grant it is plain that he has abandoned all idea of co-operating with me upon Port Hudson until after the fall of Vicksburg. In the cipher dispatch received from him at Opelousas, a copy of which you will find in No. 20, he said:

Will send an army corps to Bayou Sara by the 25th to co-operate with you on Port Hudson.

I replied:

By the 25th, probably; by the 1st, certainly, I will be her.

In this dispatch of the 10th instant the general says:

It was my intention, on gaining a foothold at Grand Gulf, to have sent a sufficient force to Port Hudson to have insured the fall of that place with your co-operation, or

