
last position it performed most admirable service, and delivered its fire with astonishing accuracy and effect under a galling, direct, and cross-fire from the enemy, silencing the battery in its front in a very short time. Too much praise cannot be bestowed upon this command in this their first engagement.

Two 20-pounder Parrott guns were also placed on the right, and did good service against the enemy's heavy gun in front and a battery on the opposite bank of the bayou.

There were also held in reserve, and placed in the most advantageous position on the river bank, two 30-pounder and two 20-pounder Parrotts, to watch the movements of the Diana and to protect the flanks, resting on both banks of the river.

Fort the conduct of the First Maine Battery, on the opposite side of the river, I must refer you to Colonel Gooding's report and the accompanying report of the battery commander.

At 10 a. m. the fire of the heavy artillery became general throughout the line on the right bank of the river, directed at all parts of the enemy's line, and continued, with slight intermission, owing to a cessation on the part of the enemy and the frequent changes of the light batteries, for seven hours with accuracy and effect, as the number of dead horses, dismantled guns, in the rear of the enemy's works and the number of wounded with cannot shot in the hospital at Franklin attest.

All of the light batteries were attached to the columns of attack and under the direct orders of their respective commanders. To them and the accompanying reports of each captain would I respectfully refer for the conduct of their commands and the effect of their fire.

I cannot close this report without expressing my great acknowledgments to First Lieutenant J. C. Crosby, First U. S. Artillery, my assistant, for his invaluable services in posting and superintending the heavy batteries on the left and right. To him also must be attributed in great part the creditable conduct of the Eighteenth New York Battery, under whose untiring zeal and industry it has int he short period of three months been brought to so high a state of efficiency.

Herewith I inclose a list of the casualties in the artillery up to the present time.*

Wounded: Officers, 1; privates, 26; total, 27. Killed: Privates, 6. Grand total, 33.

Horses. Carriages.

Battery.	 Killed	 Woun-	 Inju-	 Lost.	 Remarks.

 	 ded.	 red.

A, 1st Light	 5	 10	 2	 ...

Artillery.

6th	 5	 ...	 ....	 ...

Massachusetts.

1st Maine.	 ...	 ...	 1	 1	 Upset in

 	 	 	 	 crossing

 	 	 	 	 river.

F, 1st Artillery.	 2	 ...	 1	 ...

18th New York.	 1	 1	 ...	 ...

L, 1st Artillery.	 2	 1	 ...	 ....

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD ARNOLD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

Lieutenant Col. RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nineteenth Army Corps.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

21 R R-VOL XV

