
No. 3. Report of Captain William W. Curruth, Sixth Massachusetts Battery, of engagement at Fort Bisland.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH MASSACHUSETTS BATTERY,Camp, near Opelousas, La., April 21, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on Saturday, April 11, this battery, under my command, in the brigade of General Godfrey Weitzel, commenced its march from Berwick City. One section of the battery was in advance with the cavalry during a portion of that day.

On Sunday afternoon the battery stationed in the open field engaged the entrenched guns guns of the enemy and the gunboat Diana. Having been engaged for about one hour, I was ordered to fall back out of range of the enemy's guns, and remained for the night. Two horses were killed, and one caisson, afterward repaired, was put hors de combat.

Monday I again moved to the front, and after some firing about the center of the line was ordered to extreme left, and there engaged the guns of the enemy. The firing was quite severe; ours, as near as I could judge, quite accurate and effective. We remained in this position till near the close of the day, when, for want of ammunition, I was ordered to the rear.

During the night the ammunition-chests were replenished, and early tuesday morning I moved, in company with Captain Bainbridge, to the head of the column, in pursuit of the retreating enemy. Since ten there have been one or more guns daily with the advance guard, enjoying an occasional shot at the rear guard of the enemy.

The following are the losses of the battery: Killed, Private John B. Mansfield, April 13; wounded, Privates Frank A. Gushee (slightly), [Ferdinand] Buchler (slightly), and Stanley (slightly). Three horses killed.

Credit is due to First Lieutenant John F. Phelps and Second Lieutenant Frank Bruce for bravery and gallantry in the discharge of their duties.

orderly Sergeant Wachter was in charge of a section during the actions and march, and behaved with gallantry.

The conduct of the non-commissioned officers and men was meritorious in the extreme.

I have the honor to be, with respect,

W. W. CARRUTH,

Captain Sixth Massachusetts Battery.

Brigadier General RICHARD ARNOLD,

Chief of Artillery.

No. 4. Report of Captain Albert G. Mack, Eighteenth New York Battery, of engagement at Fort Bisland.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH NEW YORK BATTERY,Opelousas, La., April 21, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with Special Orders, No. 100, I submit to you the following report of my battery during the engagement of April 12 and 13, near Pattersonville:

I was ordered, about 11 a. m., April 12, by Brigadier-General Arnold,

