
chief of artillery, to take a position on the right of the road, which was our line of march, and shell a sugar-house and the wood in rear, situated on the banks of the Teche, to protect a pontoon bridge that was being thrown across this bayou at that point. I opened fire and fired several shots without obtaining any reply from the enemy, but dislodged some guerrillas stationed in a small building, from whence they were annoying the troops at work on the bridge. I was then ordered by Brigadier-General Arnold to come into position at a point about 150 yards nearer the main road and in rear of my former position, which I did, but did not come into action. I was soon after ordered from the field to resume line of march.

About 4 p. m. I was ordered by Brigadier-General Arnold to take a position between the bank of the bayou and the main road and about 1,800 yards from the enemy's earthworks. As soon as in position I was ordered with one piece to a position about 400 yards farther to the front to engage the Diana, and remained in action until the army retired for the night.

I was ordered on the 13th, at about 7.30 a. m., by Brigadier-General Arnold to report to Brigadier-General Paine and occupy a position to be designated by him. I was ordered by him to come into battery, my right piece resting in the road about 250 yards below the house burned by the enemy, opposite the sugar-house, on the right of the road. I was here ordered by General paine to open fire on the enemy's battery in front, the gunboat Diana, and of a battery of the enemy on the opposite side of the bayou. I remained in action about two hours, when the enemy ceased firing. I was then ordered to the rear to replenish ammunition, having expended about 400 rounds. Was next ordered by General Emory to again report to General Paine, and he ordered me to a position and nearer the enemy's carthworks. I here opened on the enemy and drew their fire from a battery in front behind the earthworks, a batteery on the left near the wood, and a battery situated ont he opposite side of the bayou to the right. I remained in action about one hour, when I was ordered by General Paine to retire. Was again ordered by General Arnold to send one section back to the same position, which I did, under the command of Sergeant---, Company F, Regular Army. They remained in action about fifteen minutes, when they were again ordered to retire by General Paine. Was then ordered to a position for the night on the left of the battle-field and near the wood, about 500 yards in rear of the position occupied by Bainbridge's battery during the day.

The casualties of the day are as follows: Private Daniel W. Bunnell, slightly wounded in shoulder; Private Edward D. Mann, severely wounded in leg, and a private (name unknown) of the One hundred and fourteenth Regiment New York Volunteers mortally wounded while carrying ammunition for my guns. One horse killed and one wounded.

My whole command behaved nobly; not a man left his posts during the day. I have 67 rounds of ammunition per piece and my battery is now ready and properly equipped for service.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. MACK,

Captain Eighteenth New York Battery.

Captain DURYEA,

Chief of arty., Major General Emory's Div., 19th Army Corps.

