
Started next morning and marched to within about 1 mile of Vermillion Bridge, and rested for the day.

Next morning at 6 o'clock moved on Opelousas; passed thorough Vermillionville, skirmishing nearly all the way, and bivouacked for the night just beyond Carrion Crow Bayou.

Next morning, Monday, the 20th, moved on again at 6 o'clock; passed through Opelousas, and encamped in my present position.

Throughout the whole expedition all of my officers and men behaved in the most meritorious manner. I did not see a single case of shirking. A portio of my command being a distance off on detached duty I will make a supplementary report, mentioning those officers and men who are reported, and who I think deserve special mention.

I send herewith a full list of killed and wounded.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Vols., Comdg. Brigade.

Lieutenant Col. Richard B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Forty-one miles beyond Alexandria, at Lawson's Ferry,

May 11, 1863-12 m.

SIR: Our cavalry is at this point. We have captured the rear guard of the enemy-2 officers and 25 men. The ferry is broken down, but we are using all efforts to construct a brigade at this point 250 feet long. If we accomplish this, in fourteenth hours we shall cross this force and attack the enemy, who is at this moment attempting to cross another ferry, about 18 miles from this point, with a train of over 300 wagons. We shall march all night if necessary to accomplish this result. Our information justifies this. We have sent a reconnaissance with a staff officer to the second ferry, that we may positively ascertain the facts. This reconnoitering force crossed the ferry in a flat-boat.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding U. S. Forces.

P. S.-Why did not the gunboats come up and communicate with me? In that case we probably could have captured all their artillery and wagon train.

Very respectfully,

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant-Colonel IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 6. Report of Lieutenant Edmund H. Russell, Ninth Pennsylvania Infantry (Pennsylvania Reserve Corps), Acting Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS SIGNAL CORPS,New Orleans, La., July 28, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to report the signal

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 319. Loss of the brigade aggregated 12 killed and 58 wounded.

---------------

