
No. 7. Report of Captain Edmund C. Bainbridge, Fifth U. S. Artillery, commanding Battery A, First U. S. Artillery, of engagement at Fort Bisland.

ARTILLERY CAMP, NEAR OPELOUSAS, LA.,

April 22, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that at 4 o'clock on the evening of April 12 Light Battery A, First Artillery, was, by direction of Brigadier-General Weitzel, placed in position ont he right of the line, and opened fire upon one of the enemy's batteries, at a distance of about commenced we received the fire of a portion of a battery on the left bank of the Teche, the seamer Diana, and one 24-pounder directly in front. By this fire on limber was dismounted and the drivers and horses of another disabled. The battery remained in this position until the line fell back for the night. The battery remained in this position until the line fell back for the night. In order to save my pieces two caisson bodies wee left on the field, but were afterward recovered and repaired.

On the morning of the 13th the battery moved forward on the right of the brigade and engaged the enemy's batteries on their left and center. That on the left was soon silenced, and our fire was directed to their right. The fire of our guns appeared to be effective. After dark the battery was ordered to the rear for ammunition.

Early Tuesday morning, the ammunition-boxes having been refilled, the battery joined the brigade, which was marching in pursuit of the enemy. One section was placed in advance, and kept up a continual fire upon the rear guard of the enemy until we reached the town of Franklin.

The losses in the battery were as follows.*

Lieutenants Duer and Humphrey and First Sergeant [John J.] Driscoll were in command of sections, and were active in the discharge of their duties. The officers, non-commissioned officers, and men acted with the greatest coolness and performed their duties well.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. BAINBRIDGE,

Captain, Fifth Artillery, Commanding Company.

Brigadier General RICHARD ARNOLD,

Chief of Artillery.

No. 8. Report of Lieutenant Col. Frank H. Peck, Twelfth Connecticut Infantry, of engagement at Fort Bisland.
HDQRS. TWELFTH REGIMENT CONNECTICUT VOLS.,In the Field, near Opelousas, La., April 22, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to present the following report of the operations of the Twelfth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers during the recent expedition to this point:

We left Breashear City, La., on the 9th of April, 1863, and proceeded

---------------

*List of casualties shows 4 men killed and 5 wounded, and a loss in horses of 5 killed and 10 wounded.

---------------

