
to Berwick, where we remained until the 11th, when we marched to a point 1 miles above Pattersonville, Company B being thrown forward as skirmishers.

We bivouacked for the night, and on the 12th marched forward on the left of the brigade, in support of Carruth's Sixth Massachusetts Battery, on our right, our front being coerced by Company A, thrown forward as skirmishers. During the day our skirmishers were constantly engaged with those of the enemy, but sustained no loss. During the afternoon we came under the fire of the enemy's artillery, when an engagement ensued which lasted until night. At dark we withdrew out of range of the enemy's guns and bivouacked in line of battle upon the left on the brigade line.

On the 13th, soon after daylight, the regiment was formed in support of the Twenty-first Indiana Battery, which opened upon the enemy's fortifications and the gunboat Diana, which had taken position upon their left. After the silencing and withdrawal of the Diana the regiment was advanced to the front of the enemy's works, and successively during the day supported Carruth's, Mack's, Duryea's, and Bainbridge's batteries. Companies E, F, and G were advanced as skirmishers, and approached to speaking distance of the enemy's entrenchments. They were actively engaged during the whole afternoon, with very apparent effect. All our casualties occurred during this engagement. The battle was continued till some time after dark, when we bivouacked upon the field in line of battle. During the night the enemy's works were evacuated. On the 14th we marched in pursuit through Franklin.

On the 15th, 16th, and 17th we marched through Generate, New Iberia, and Saint Martinville without special incident. On the 18th we rested near Vermillionville; on the 19th renewed our march to Opelousas, where we arrived on Monday evening, the 20th.

We are distant from New Orleans 180 miles, and from Alexandria, on the Red River, about 75 miles. The patient endurance by the men of the regiment of the fatigue and privations of the long march in their eagerness to overtake and again engage the routed enemy deserves the highest praise. Captains Granniss and Brennan, with their companies as skirmishers on the 11th and 12th, did most creditable service.

The coolness and pertinacity with which the companies of Captains Braley and Bixbee annoyed the gunners of the enemy during the entire afternoon of the 13th, under a fire of grape and canister and repeated volleys of musketry, reflect the highest credit upon the courage and skill of the officers and soldiers of those companies present.

I take please in mentioning the efficient support of Major Lewis during the progress of the expedition.

Our wounded were promptly cared for by Dr. Cummings, assistant surgeon. Chaplain Bradford is deserving of great praise for the fearless activity with which he ministered to the suffering during the battle and the night following.

I inclose a list of the killed and wounded.*

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

FRANK H. PECK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Twelfth Connecticut Vols.

J. D. WILLIAMS,

Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Lieutenant Francis, who was wounded and captured on the Diana on the 28th of March, was recaptured at Franklin, where he now remains in hospital, receiving all possible attention.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 319.

---------------

