
ing apparatus or engine enabled the rebel to get clear of her and leave her behind, and, to the surprise of the two fleets (who to economize fuel had stream enough to pursue), passed along down and through them, firing as she came on and in return receiving the fire of several vessels of the two fleets; but she passed on, getting some heavy blows indeed, but making her way to Vicksburg where she now lies under the guns of the town.

In the night of the 16th Flag-Officer Farragut, with the steam-sloops Hartford, Richmond, Oneida, Iroquois, and other principal vessels of his fleet, steamed from their station above the bend opposite Vicksburg for the purpose of destroying the rebel ram by shot and shell and running down. It was the purpose of the flag-officer to grapple her himself, but it had come so dark she could not be seen and so could not be destroyed. Another attempt, it is understood, is contemplated to-day, the iron-clads of Commodore Davis to co-operate and our ram, the Sumter said to be most formidable. The expectation is that if not destroyed where she lies she will be driven down into Commodore Farragut's fleet and there finished.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Captain R. S. DAVIS.

P. S. - We learned of the death of De Kay with great sorrow. Poor Ke Kay; that so much worth should be lost to his country and his friends!

Pray send lumber, tents for men, tents for supplies; the requisition is herewith, and dispatch Elliott with the supplies he went for.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, DEPT. OF THE GULF,Baton Rouge, La., July 26, 1862

CAPTAIN: Conveyed by Commodore Farragut's fleet, the troops which left here with me for Vicksburg June 20 arrived here this morning and afternoon, numerically little reduced by disease, effectively greatly so. A return will be transmitted as early as practicable.

Without attaching undue importance to rumors of attack upon this position, I shall take such measures of military security as may suggest themselves to be necessary, avoiding unnecessary exposure or fatigue to the troops.

The serious illness of my adjutant-general, Captain Hoffman, from malarious fever, and some probable disaster to my aide-de-camp, Lieutenant [James C.] Biddle, some 60 miles above Vicksburg, while on his way home sick with fever-for the steamer is reported to have been burned by the rebels-is equally a subject of regret and embarrassment.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

T. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, Volunteers.

Captain R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

3 R R-VOL XV

