
No. 9. Report of Brigadier General William H. Emory, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of operations March 12-May 2.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp, near Opelousas, La., April 21, 1863.

COLONEL: In obedience to instructions from headquarters to send in reports of the recent operations and engagement, including the movement from Baton Rouge, I have the honor to state that we marched from Baton Rouge on Port Hudson on Friday, March 13, and returned to Baton Rouge on the 20th.

On April 1 the division moved to Algiers. On the 8th moved to Brashear City. On the 9th the division crossed to Berwick City. On the 11th it marched on Fort Bisland. On the 12th, at the bend of the river and 3 or 4 miles from Fort Bisland, the First Brigade one regiment of which was left to garrison Brashear City, was thrown forward on the left, near the point of woods, occupied a half-finished lunette, and drove in the enemy's pickets. As we approached the fort, from the nature of the ground it was convenient to retire this brigade, and the Second Brigade (Paine's), consisting of the Fourth Wisconsin, Eighth New Hampshire, One hundred and thirty-third and One hundred and seventy-third New York Regiments, was thrown forward to take its place on the right of Weitael's brigade. These two brigades, forming the first line, advanced in line of battle upon the works. Ingraham's brigade, comprising the Fourth Massachusetts, One hundred and tenth and One hundred and sixty-second New York Regiments, formed the second line; and Gooding's brigade, consisting of the Thirty-first, Thirty-eighth, and Fifty-third Massachusetts and One hundred and fifty-sixth New York Regiments, the third line; and in this order the enemy's lines were approached until, at 5.30 o'clock int he evening, he opened fire, and his first shot all fell between the second and third lines. A brisk cannonading was kept up until dark, when the Fourth Wisconsin was moved forward, in advance of the first line, to hold the grove in front of the sugar-house, which it did through he night, occasionally skirmishing with the enemy.

On the same day, by order General Banks, I detached the One hundred nd seventy-fifth New York and a section of Haley's (First Maine) battery across the Teche, which advanced upon that side on the enemy's works and engaged them until night-fall. At dark all the lines of this division, except the Fourth Wisconsin and the pickets, were withdrawn out of range of the enemy's grape and canister and allowed to take a good night's rest.

Early on the morning of the 13th two regiments of Paine's brigade were ordered to support the Fourth Wisconsin in the grove. By order of General Banks, Colonel Gooding's brigade, with the remainder of Haley's battery, crossed the Teche, with orders to attack. Mack's battery was ordered forward to engage the rebel gunboat Diana and a battery on the opposite side of the bayou. About this time the enemy made a sortie from his works to attack Paine's brigade. For a short time the engagement was very warm, but in a short time the enemy was driven to his entrenched works, the gunboat was withdrawn, and the battery silenced.

About 12 m. the engagement became general along the whole line, and Battery F, First U. S. Artillery, under Captain Duryea, chief of artillery of my division, first one section and then the whole battery,

