
was ordered forward to support General Witzel, within the ordinary range of grape and canister, and engaged the enemy with effect. Mack's battery was also restocked with ammunition and ordered to an advanced position, where it took part in the engagement with the same marked effect, dismounting one of the enemy's guns across the bayou and killing the horses of his battery, so that the enemy had to all it off by hand. Hearing a fusillade on the extreme left of the line, supposing it was an attempt to turn our left, I sent Lieutenant-Colonel [O. W.] Lull to order up the reserve, or such portion of it as might be necessary to check that movements.

At several times during this engagement, when the fire slackened, the officers and men of my division showed a gallant desire to storm the officers and men of my division showed a gallant desire to storm the enemy's works, but the fall of the works now being certain, and no useful object to be accomplished by it, as the force to catch the retreating enemy was not yet in position, no assault was ordered.

About 3 o'clock in the morning of the 14th the pickets of Paine's and Gooding's brigades both through they heard the enemy in motion, and I immediately ordered Paine's brigade forward into the works and communicated to General Banks, who ordered the whole army to advance. Paine's brigade got into full possession of the works on the right bank about daylight, and Mack's battery was sent for by me and arrived in time to shell the enemy's rear. From that day to this my division, which was ordered to follow and support General Weitzel's brigade, has been continually on the march, in hot pursuit of the enemy, several regiments being detached, by order from the headquarters, in different directions; among them the One hundred and seventy-third New York, Major Gallway commanding, with a section of Battery F, First U. S. Artillery, under Lieutenant Norris, was sent along the Bayou Teche, to follow up the enemy's transports, which he has accomplished successfully, compelling the enemy to burn all the transports (four or five in number) he had upon the Teche. His report of this transaction, and also the reports of the brigade commanders and chief of artillery are herewith inclosed.

I have made no record of the number of prisoners turned in by my division, but should suppose between 400 and 500. A list f the casualties and the names of the killed have already been sent in, with the exception of those of the One hundred and seventy-fifth New York, which is detached on provost duty at Franklin.

I cannot too strongly eulogize the conduct of these new troops-marching to the attack of the enemy, strongly entrenched in earthworks, and throughout the whole day standing under a sharp, and at times a destructive, fire of the enemy, and then, when the enemy's works were carried, in making longs and rapid marches in pursuit without a murmur.

I should like very much to particularize many acts of gallantry in the officers and men, but I must refer to the special reports, herewith inclosed, for that purpose. I must, however, be allowed to mention the names of Brigade Commanders paine and Gooding, Chief of Artillery Duryea, and Captain Carter, Fourth Wisconsin, Captain Mack and Lieutenant Haley, commanding batteries, and Sergeant [J. P.] Capron, Battery F, First U. S. Artillery (who was wounded in the neck by a shell and ordered by medical director to remain in the hospital, but the moment his wound was dressed returned to his battery and fought with it during the day), and Patrick Smith, Thirty-eighth Massachusetts, mentioned in the report of his brigade commander.

I also must be allowed to mention my staff, Lieutenant-Colonel Lull,

