
Lieutenant French, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Loring and Lieutenant [J. C.] Cooley, aides-de-camp, who took my orders with coolness and precision, regardless of the enemy's fire.

On the morning of the 14th my aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Loring, went beyond the pickets to the enemy's earthworks, to reconnoiter, before his infantry had evacuated.

I also mention the admirable disposition made for the care of the wounded by Medical Director Hartwell.

I also ask attention to the gallant conduct of Colonels Fearing, Currie, and Bean, and Major Gallway, and their respective regiments, the Eighth New Hampshire, One hundred and thirty-third New York, Fourth Wisconsin, and One hundred and seventy-third New York, and Captain Moore, of the Fourth Wisconsin, as set forth in the report of Brigadier-General Paine, herewith inclosed. These regiments held the bayou road, upon which the enemy's fire was concentrated.

It was evident to me from the beginning that the enemy's plan of defense was to make sorties down the bayou road, supported by the gunboat Diana, and this plan was not relinquished by him until the Diana received several fatales shots.

From the list of killed and wounded I have no doubt that the regiments, and the colonels commanding them, of Gooding's brigade, viz, the Thirty-first, Thirty-eighth, and Fifty-third Massachusetts, the One hundred and fifty-sixth and One hundred and seventy-fifth New York, deserve the same notice, but their attack was made on the opposite side of the bayou, and mostly out of my view.

I have said nothing of the guns and ammunition found in the works by my division, as we pushed on immediately in pursuit.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Col. RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES AT OPELOUSAS,April 26, 1863.

Major-General BANKS:

I have obtained the following information from the enemy's camp, and I think from a reliable person:

The enemy, 4,500 strong, are entrenching at Lecompte and at the Lamourie Bayou, 16 miles from Alexandria. My informant has seen a letter from Colonel Ives, on the staff of President Davis, promising that Kirby Smith, with 15,000 men, should re-enforce General Taylor in ten days from the 15th instant. Generals Taylor, Mouton, and Blanchard are at Alexandria. General Green, with 1,500 Texans, is now on our flank and rear trying to make the circuit of the Federal army and attack our baggage train. Magruder is reported to be moving toward our rear by Niblett's Bluff road, intending to attack our rear, while Kirby Smith attacks us in front. It is reported also among the rebels that Farragut has taken Fort De Russy, 40 miles below Alexandria.

I have sent a strong force to meet the wagon train and to threaten the Texas cavalry. If Smith or Magruder either move against this army it should take position at Iberia and not stay at this place. Our communication from here is too long by the Teche and too uncertain

