
then moved his battery forward and continued the engagement until our troops withdraw for the night.

Captain Mack's Eighteenth New York Battery, 20-pounder Parrotts, was directed on the morning of the 13th to engage the rebel gunboat Diana and a battery on the opposite side of the bayou. The gunboat was soon withdrawn and the battery silenced. These guns were soon after directed upon the enemy's earthworks, with apparently considerable effect.

About 12 m. on the same day a section of Battery F, First Artillery, under Lieutenant Norris, was ordered forward to protect the right flank of General Paine's brigade from the galling fire of a battery on the opposite side of the Teche, and a heavy gun in position immediately in front of that flank. This section was soon after joined by the Eighteenth New York Battery.

At 12.30 p. m. Battery F, First Artillery, was ordered to the front, and took position in advance of General Paine's line, and engaged all the batteries from the roads on the enemy's right to the Teche, on his left. The battery retained its position within the ordinary range of grape, canister and musketry until after dark and our troops had withdrawn. During the afternoon all the rebel guns were silenced one after another, and at sunset no reply was made to our fire.

One the 14th Battery F, First Artillery, took the advance with General Weitzel's brigade, and was engaged in driving a section of artillery from Generate.

I would further state that the conduct of officers and men on all these occasions was such as it should be, and deserving of the highest praise, Captain Mack and Lieutenant Haley commanding their batteries with skill and coolness, while I was most ably assisted by my subalterns, Lieutenants Norris, Haskin, and Garvin.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DURYA,

Captain, Chief of Artillery, Third Division.

Lieutenant PETER FRENCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

No. 11. Report of Lieutenant Eben D. Haley, First Battery Maine Light Artillery, of engagement at Fort Bisland.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MAINE BATTERY,In the Field, April 20, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the battle on the 13th instant:

By your order crossed the Bayou Teche on pontoon bridge near the obstructions at 12 m. with two sections of this battery. Joined the left section, in command of Lieutenant Morton, which had been sent over the night before. After advancing about half a mile came upon the rebel battery which had come out in front of their breastworks to meet us. I opened fire upon the rebel battery about 3 p. m. with shell. After sharp firing on both sides for about one hour the rebels retreated behind their breastworks, apparently somewhat disabled. I advanced with the battery about 1,000 yards, and again opened fire with shell; kept up sharp firing until dark. By order Colonel Gooding, commanding Third Brigade, retired, and bivouacked for the night.

