
Casualties: Lieutenant J. E. Morton wounded in the neck, slightly, and Private George Clifford wounded in the thigh, slightly.

Lost one caisson crossing pontoon bridge, by sinking of one of the boats supporting the bridge, with 117 rounds of ammunition. One gun was disabled by piece of a shell striking the axle; since repaired. Captured one caisson from the enemy.

E. D. HALEY,

First Lieutenant, Commanding First Maine Battery.

Captain DURYEA,

Chief of Artillery, Emory's Division.

No. 12. Report of Lieutenant John E. Morton, First Battery Maine Light Artillery, of engagement at Fort Bisland.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MAINE BATTERY,In the Field, April 15, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that in compliance with your order of the 12th instant I moved the left section of this battery forward to a pontoon bridge thrown across the Bayou Teche below the obstructions. I there received orders to cross the bayou and report to Colonel Bryan. We moved up the bayou about 2 miles, when I received orders to move to the front and engage the enemy's battery, ward at a gallop, and came in battery opposite the sugar-house under a very heavy fire from the enemy. I engaged them for about an hour, and retreated behind the sugar-house to refill my limbers and cool my guns. Shortly after I received orders to retreat and bivouac for the night.

The next morning, the 13th, Colonel Gooding crossed and assumed command, and I was ordered forward to support his skirmishers. Nothing of note occurred during the morning. I was relieved by you about 12.30 p. m.

I beg leave to mention my men in the highest terms of praise. None could have done better.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. MORTON,

First Lieutenant, First Maine Battery.

First Lieutenant E. D. HALEY,

Commanding First Maine Battery.

No. 13. Report of Captain Richard C. Duryea, Battery F, First U. S. Artillery, of engagement at Fort Bisland and skirmish at Generate.

CAMP AT OPELOUSAS, April 21, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with your instructions I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of Battery F, First Artillery, during the recent engagements near Centreville:

About 12 m. on the 13th instant a section of the battery, under Lieutenant

