
Norris, was ordered forward on the main road to within 600 yards of the enemy's works, to engage a rebel battery on the opposite side of the Teche and a heavy gun in position in front, both of which were pouring a galling fire upon the right flank of Colonel Paine's brigade. At 12.30 p. m. the battery was ordered to the front and took position in front of the left of Colonel Paine's brigade, nearly opposite the center of the line of the enemy's works, about 500 yards from them, and engaged all the enemy's guns from the wood on right to the Teche on his left. The battery retained this position within ordinary range of grape, canister, and musketry until after dark, and the troops had withdrawn for the night. During the afternoon all the enemy's guns were silenced, one after another, and at sunset no reply was made to our fire.

Ont eh 14th the battery took the advance, with General Weitzel's brigade, and was engaged for a short time in driving a section of artillery from Generate. The battery soon after crossed the Teche and that night encamped opposite Franklin.

The casualties were: One morally wounded (since died) and 4 slightly wounded; 2 horses killed; wheel, stock, and pole of a caisson broken (since repaired). The battery is now in prefect condition for immediate service.

In conclusion I would state that the conduct of officers, non-commissioned officers, and men was such as it should be, and deserving of the highest praise. I was most ably assisted by my subalterns, Lieutenants Norris, Haskin, and Garvin; and the chiefs of pieces, in their responsible positions, Sergeants [Edward] Mahon, Capron, [James] Cronin, [Henry] Harris, and [Charles] Riley, exhibited much coolness and accuracy in directing the fire of their respective guns.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DURYEA,

Captain, First United States Artillery.

Brigadier General RICHARD ARNOLD,

Chief of Artillery, Nineteenth Army Corps.

No. 14. Report of Col. Timothy Ingraham, Thirty-eighth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of engagement at Fort Bisland.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION (EMORY'S),Franklin, La., April 14, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with orders from the general commanding I have the honor to make the following report:

Sunday morning (April 12) my brigade moved in the direction of the enemy's works-three regiments, one having been left on detached duty at Brashear City-one regiment marching on the river road and two through the plantations for about 2 miles, when my brigade was formed on the left of General Paine's brigade near a strip of wood, one regiment being thrown out as skirmishers in front of the wood, two being held as reserve at the rear of the wood.

At about 1 p. m. I moved my brigade on in line of battle in the rear of General Paine's brigade. Just before dark we fell back a short distance,

22 R R-VOL XV

