
the right of our line resting on the river road. The regiment on the right of my brigade was detailed to support two sections of Captain Mack's battery, stationed on the bank of the river at the right of my brigade.

Monday morning (April 13) my brigade again moved forward and was held as reserve. At night two regiments were ordered to the front on picket duty.

Tuesday (April 14) I was ordered to report to General Weitzel. At the ferry, about 3 miles from Franklin, two regiments of my brigade were ordered to cross to the other side of the bayou, and have not yet come up.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. INGRAHAM,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade, Third Division.

Lieutenant PETER FRENCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 15. Report of Lieutenant Col. Justus W. Blanchard, One hundred and sixty-second New York Infantry, of expedition to Barre's Landing, &amp;c.
HDQRS. 162ND REGT., NEW YORK STATE VOLUNTEERS,Opelousas, La., April 28, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to Special Orders, no. 77, from Headquarters Third Division, dated April 21, 1863, the One hundred and sixty-second Regiment, a section of the First Maine Artillery, and a company of cavalry proceeded to Barre's Landing, which place it reached at 2 p. m.

Information having been received that there was a small stern-wheel steamboat a few miles below, a detachment of 12 men was sent, under Lieutenant Neville, Company I, One hundred and sixty-second Regiment New York Volunteers, in search of it. Lieutenant Neville proceed down Bayou Courtableau about 4 miles and turned into a creek, up which he went about 5 miles before finding it. The boat was repaired as far as possible by the regiment, and is now in serviceable condition, with the exception of the smoke-stack, which is broken. The boat is called the Ellen. Two rebels were made prisoners, who said they belonged to Fournet's battalion, and were in the late action at Fort Bisland. They were taken in a farm-house about 2 miles from Barre's Landing. Four rifles and two fowling-pieces were found in another farm-house and taken possession of. About 100 horses and mules were taken and turned over to Captain Dunham, of General Banks' staff; also about 300 bales of cotton were taken, which were sent to Brashear City, on the Laurel Hill.

On April 25 an order was received that General Grover would relieve on the following day the force under my command. As General Grover was crossing the Bayou Teche the bridge broke, and as it was night before it was repaired I deferred my departure from Barre's Landing until the morning of April 27.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. BLANCHARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant FRENCH.

