
constantly swept by the fire of both armies during the engagement of the forenoon, and not a man of his company flinched. Before the fog lifted, the Eighth New Hampshire was moved up, in obedience to an order from General Emory, to support the Fourth Wisconsin.

The area in front of the entrenchments, which eventually became the battle-field, was crossed by deep plantation ditches nearly parallel with the line of the works. These ditches were of the greatest utility to us, enabling us to place our batteries within short range of the enemy, with the infantry supports entirely protected, except as against shell exploding in the air. The Fourth Wisconsin and Eighth New Hampshire took their positions in these ditches, the former in front, the front being still covered by the skirmishers of the Fourth Wisconsin. Afterward the One hundred and thirty-third New York, and, later still, the One hundred and seventy-third New York, came up and were posted, the former on the left and the latter in the rear of the Eighth New Hampshire. The Diana and the enemy's force and works were masked by the grove and negro-cabins. The cabins were fired, so that the smoke might cover and conceal the puffs of our guns and impair the accuracy of the enemy's fire.

At 7 o'clock I visited the picket line and became satisfied that the Diana and light batteries would open on us as soon as the fog lifted. Soon afterward I discovered her flag and hull through the fog, and forthwith sent a request that the heavy guns of the Twenty-first Indiana might be sent up to destroy her. These were not sent; but at length Captain Mack reported to me with two sections of his splendid Black Horse Battery of 20-pounder Parrotts. Before they arrived, however, the enemy opened on us a brisk fire of shot,s hell, grape, and canister from their works from the light batteries in front and from the Diana. To this was afterward added a fire, at short range, from a battery on the opposite side of the bayou. Before this cannonade commenced, information having been received that the movements on the Diana indicated a speedy change of position, four companies of the Fourth Wisconsin and five companies of the Eighth New Hampshire wee rapidly deployed along the bayou to fire on her men, and, if possible, capture the boat. But she did not appear, and the companies soon rejoined their regiments. The artillery subsequently drove her crippled up the river. Officers and men of my pickets, who were near her, observed the effect of the shots.

As soon as Captain Mack arrived his guns were posted on my right, in and near the bayou road, and opened fire on the Diana, the enemy's in and near the bayou road, and opened fire on the Diana, the enemy's works, the light batteries, and also the battery on the opposite side of the bayou. The rapidity, precision, and effect of his fire were most admirable. A communication from the pickets having reached me to the effect that an infantry force was approaching on the bank of the bayou, the right wing of the Eighth New Hampshire was thrown out under Major Smith to the right of Mack's guns, to repel any possible assault upon them. But not assault was attempted. The fire of the enemy having considerable slackened, and Mack's ammunition being nearly expended, Lieutenant Norris, with two sections of Duryea's battery and Lieutenant Haley, with one section of the First Maine battery, reported to me and relieved Mack's battery. The former took the position which had been occupied by Mack's battery. The former took the position which had been occupied by Mack's guns on the right, and the latter was posted on the left of the Fourth Wisconsin. They fired slowly and with great accuracy and effect until the termination of the engagement.

At 11. 30 a. m., the fire of the enemy having entirely ceased, I was

