
ing party of two companies and they made an attack on the guerrilla camp there. News of this came to Camp Moore, and they, concluding that the expedition to Madisonville was but a feint, while the real attack was to be upon Camp Moore, immediate counter-marched to get back to repel the expected assault upon the camp.

This is the cause of the assembly of troops at Camp Moore. While I would not have you relax your vigilance, I think you need fear no assault at present. When it does come I know you will be ready.

I should much like to see you, if possible, to be absent from your command. There are many things upon which I wish to consult.

The matter of the charges against several officers will be submitted to a court-martial.

I am, very truly, yours,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - I have communicated with the flag-officer concerning the boat at Red River.

No. 6. Report of Col. Halbert E. Paine, Fourth Wisconsin Infantry, of skirmish at Hamilton's Plantation, near Grand Gulf, Miss., June 24.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH WISCONSIN REGIMENT.

Steamer Laurel Hill, June 24, 1862

CAPTAIN: I respectfully report that the troops under my command (Fourth Wisconsin Regiment, Ninth Connecticut Regiment, one-half of Nims' battery, and one section of Everett's battery) to-day discovered a few rebel horsemen near Charles Hamilton's, and fired on them with shells and rifled muskets. They fled. We have no reliable information respecting the loss inflicted, but it is rumored that 3 rebels were killed or wounded. Subsequently we approached a camp of rebel infantry near the Grand Gulf and Port Gibson Railroad. While we were reconnoitering it a locomotive and freight car from Port Gibson stopped in the vicinity, having apparently some connection with the camp and carrying one gun. We fired at it and also at the camp. We are not informed whether any loss was inflicted. The rebels on the car replied with their field piece. We captured in the camp 3 rebel soldiers (2 armed with muskets), but were unable to capture the car.

Near the Willow Spring road we reached a rebel camp which had been hastily abandoned. The tents were still standing. We burned the camp, saving 6 of the best tent-flies, 1 piano, 1 rebel flag, 1 camp cot marked "Captain Mackey, Butler's Revengers, Camp Benjamin," and also many articles of slight intrinsic value, which are properly retained as mementos by those who found them.

I hold, subject to the orders of Brigadier-General Williams, 1 piano, 16 flies, 1 camp cot, 2 muskets and 5 prisoners.

Your obedient servant,HALBERT E. PAINE,

Colonel Fourth Wisconsin Regiment.

Captain WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

