
of the First Maine Battery, repaired the bridge, enabling your brigade to move forward at 2 p. m.

I desire to mention one case of gallantry reported to me. Private Patrick Smith, of Company D, coming suddenly upon three rebels in the wood upon the right, shot one of them and compelled the other two to give up their arms (Harper's Ferry smooth-bores), and brought them both in as prisoners.

I think, colonel, I have above detailed with sufficient exactness the part taken by the Thirty-eight Regiment in the operations of the brigade under your command, which contributed so much to the success of the Nineteenth Army Corps on the banks of the Bayou Teche.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

WM. LOGAN RODMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Thirty-eighth Regt. Mass. Vols.

Col. O. P. GOODING,

Comdg. Third Brigade, Emory's Division, 19th Army Corps.

No. 22. Report of Col. John W. Kimball, Fifty-third Massachusetts Infantry, of engagement at Fort Bisland.

HDQRS. FIFTY-THIRD MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS, In the Field, April 16, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the doings of my command on the 12th, 13th, and 14th instant:

On the 12th instant, at 10.30 a. m., I was ordered to march immediately from Pattersonville. Proceeding in column by companies through the cane fields for about 1 1\2 miles, I was ordered by Lieutenant Loring, of General Emory's staff, to proceed and take position to the left, and in the rear of and in support of Colonel Ingraham's brigade, whose skirmishers were then engaged with those of the enemy in the open field beyond the wood, in front of his line, and immediately took the position designated, throwing out skirmishers on my left flank. Upon proceeding to the support of Colonel Ingraham we discovered an abandoned earthwork at the edge of the wood, and upon examination found a road leading from it through the wood to the field beyond. Deeming this road of some importance I immediately ordered Major Prat, with three companies, forward to hold the same.

At 1.30 p. m. I was ordered to rejoin the brigade and proceeded about 1 mile toward the front, where I was ordered into line of battle, my position being at the right of the brigade line. After lying in this position about one and a half hours, during which time a heavy cannonading was going on at the front, I was ordered back about 300 yards to a road, where we bivouacked for the night.

On Monday, 13th instant at 7 o'clock, was ordered by Lieutenant Loring to proceed with the One hundred and fifty-sixth New York and Fifty-third Massachusetts Regiments to support Dureyea's U. S. bat-

23 R R-VOL XV

