
tery. Remaining in this position about one hour was ordered by Captain Fordham to report immediately with my regiment to Colonel Gooding, on the opposite side of the river. Upon arriving on the other side was placed in line of battle upon a road in front in front of a catalpa hedge, with orders ot hold the position, for the purpose of making a stand in case the troops in front were driven back.

At 2.15 p. m. was ordered by Captain Fodham ot move rapidly to the front and deploy four companies of my regiment as skirmishers 150 yards in the rear of the Thirty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers, which had just relieved the Thirty-first Massachusetts Volunteers, holding the other four companies in reserve. I was further ordered to be governed in my movements by the movements of Lieutenant-Colonel Rodman's command, to support him in case of a repulse, and, if possible, movements of Colonel Rodman, we steadily moved forward under a brisk and well-directed fire from the enemy's batteries, reserving my fire, as the front line was engaged with the sharpshooters of the enemy.

At about 5 p. m. I was ordered to move forward and relieve Colonel Rodman, his ammunition having become exhausted. My men moved forward with alacrity, passing his line some 20 paces, in good order, and immediately engaged the enemy, the fire upon the right and left being very severe. Sheltering the men as much as possible behind stumps, I pressed the line steadily forward until the right had approached within 125 yards of the enemy, concealed behind an abatis. The left was pressed forward to within 250 yards of the works under a galling fire from the enemy's batteries and the riflemen concealed behind the entrenchments. The center, not being under so heavy a fire, was pressed forward until it secured an oblique fire upon the enemy concealed behind the abatis. Holding this position and maintaining a brisk fire until dark, I was ordered by Lieutenant Morey to withdraw the line about 60 yards, to a ditch, and hold that position during the night. A few minutes before this my reserve, under Major Pratt, was ordered by Lieutenant Bond to move rapidly forward and relieve the two companies on the left of my line. This was rapidly and handsomely done under a hot, concentrated fire from the enemy.

At 10.30 p. m. there were some slight indications of the withdrawal of the enemy, which increased so much that at 11.30 o'clock I reported reason to believe that the enemy was evacuating his works on both sides of the bayou. Receiving no further orders, at daybreak I ordered Captain Stratton, with 12 men, to skirmish forward and draw the enemy's fire, and also ordered my entire line forward, holding it some 30 paces in the rear. The men moved forward in good order and entered the works, planting our flag upon the breastworks at 5.30 a. m. I immediately reported to the colonel commanding the occupation of the works.

At 1 p. m. I was ordered by Captain Fordham to take 10 cavalrymen and proceed with my regiment up the left bank of the bayou until I should arrive opposite the head of General Weitzel's column, then moving up on the right bank of the bayou, and to capture cattle, mules, and horses. We moved as rapidly as possible, throwing out flankers only right flank. Arrived at the plantation of Mr. Anderson, opposite Franklin, at 8 p. m., where we bivouacked for the night.

I cannot close this report without speaking of the behavior of my command in this their first engagement with the enemy. The men showed while under fire the utmost coolness and bravery, obeying my

