
orders with alacrity and moving forward under the fire of the enemy with a determination of veterans. Of my officers, when all behaved so well, it would be manifestly unjust to discriminate, and I would say that without exception their behavior on the 13th instant meets my hearty approbation.

I desire to remark that First Lieutenant Nutting, who was killed, particularly distinguished himself by his personal bravery, placing his men in the most favorable position and encouraging them on by acts as well as words. He died in a noble cause, and I believe he had rather met his death there than to have seen his company driven back one foot by the traitors to the country.

Accompanying this I hand you a list of casualties on the 13th instant;* also a list of captures.+

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. KIMBALL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain E. H. FORDHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 23. Report of Col. Michael K. Bryan, One hundred and seventy-fifth New York Infantry, of engagement at Fort Bisland.

FRANKLIN, LA., April 25, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with orders received from brigade headquarters, April, 1863, this command struck tents and marched to the railroad, where we secured transportation to Brashear City, arriving there about 1 o'clock the same afternoon.

Shortly afterward, under your direction, we crossed to Berwick City and encamped, where we remained until April 11, when orders were received to break camp, and with the regiment immediately report to were on our way with this command, and after marching about 2 miles received orders from General Waitzel to return to the nearest landing place on the levee, and there await a steamer, which had been ordered to take us on board and land us on the opposite bank of the river, from and near the head of the column.

After waiting for nearly four hours we embarked on the steamer Sykes and were landed opposite Pattersonville, where, after marching a short distance, we encamped. Orders were received for me to march forward and keep my command near the head of the column on the left-hand side of the bayou.

I remained opposite Pattersonville, having pickets thrown out about 2 miles above the town, until Sunday morning, when I, with my command, embarked again on the steamer Sykes and were landed near the pontoon bridge and about a mile above Pattersonville. Before embarking, the pickets whom I had thrown out were fired on by the rebel pickets from the sugar-mill, and one of my men was slightly injured. Soon after disembarking, two of my companies were detached on special duty up the Atchafalaya. I formed the remainder and moved up along the bayou, and then threw out Company K, commanded by Captain

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 319.

+Two of Texas cavalry and three of Eighteenth Louisiana Infantry.

---------------

