
I was ordered to take up a position in line of battle at a place pointed out by yourself, with instructions to follow the Thirty-eight Regiment at a distance of about 30 paces. This was followed out throughout the day, my command remaining under an artillery fire the most of the time, and sometimes it was a very warm fire. I moved my command forward until we had passed a short distance beyond the sugar-house, supporting a section of artillery, and there remained until ordered to retire about 100 yards in rear of the road leading to the sugar house, where my men rested on their arms until an hour before daybreak, when they were awakened and prepared themselves for the battle, which I supposed would be resumed that day. Soon after you approached and gave me orders to go forward inside the entrenchments, as the enemy had evacuated their works and fled. This was complied with, and soon after I received orders to move forward, and thus closed my connection for that time with Colonel Gooding's gallant brigade.

Although the part assigned to me was not of a prominent character, still I feel assured that my command was not held back from the front because they could not be relied on, but because it was deemed advisable to hold a small force in reserve; and I hope when next the enemy is met, and when my regiment is again placed under your command, that a larger share of the work may be given me to do, that I may show the other regiments in your brigade that we are deserving a place by their side, either in or out of action.

The following are the casualties in the One hundred and seventy-fifth Regiment New York State Volunteers: Killed-William Mulvey, Company C, shot in head by a rifle-cannon shot. Wounded-Cornelius Murphy, Company A, slightly, in arm; Michael Smith, Company D, slightly, in shoulder; Charles Helmbe, Company I, slightly, in head; John Geisser, Company I, slightly, in arm, and Charles Leobel, Company K, slightly, in the arm.

While I am pleased with the conduct of my whole command, I feel that I cannot close this report without making a special mention of Adjt. John Roberts; Dr. Beckett, who rendered me valuable service, and Major Gray, of the One hundred and seventy-fifth Regiment; Colonel Hopkins, Captain Hollister, and Captain Lee, of the Thirty-first Massachusetts; Lieutenant Snow, of the cavalry; Lieutenant Morton, of the First Maine Battery; and last, though not least, whose colones is entitled to all praise, and, although it may not be my province to speak of him, I feel that true merit should not be overlooked without being truly spoken of.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

M. K. BRYAN,

Colonel One hundred and seventy-fifth New York Volunteers.

Col. O. P. GOODING, Comdg. 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 19th A. C.

No. 24. Report of Brigadier General Cuvier Grover, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division, of operations March 26-April 20.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, Barre's Landing, La., May 2, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report, pursuant ot instructions from the

