
the cover of an angle of the road, which threw a cross-fire upon our ranks.

The reserves were rapidly brought into action, which seriously shook the enemy's position in front, but which necessarily, for a short time, exposed the right flank of the Third Brigade. Immediate advance in dry ditches and the thick undergrowth on my right, but which up to this time had not been discovered, made a dashing hare in line of flick there ensued, which lasted until the boxes of the greater part of the regiments were exhausted, when, much overborne by numbers, they fell back to the First Brigade, now coming into position, and reformed behind it.

Upon the first indication of this flank attack I at once ordered up the First Brigade, under General Dwight, and placed it in position on the flank, with instructions to drive back the enemy on the flank and connect his skirmishers with Colonel Brige's on the front. In the mean time one section of Rodgers' battery,commanded by Lieutenant Bradback, was placed in position to rake the advancing line of rebel infantry, and did great execution in their ranks.

Of the admirable behavior of this section and the lieutenant in command I was a personal witness. Eight men and six horses were wounded in this section.

General Dwight having taken his position, the Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel Kimball,was drawn up in two lines in reserve, and the section of Rodgers' battery was put in position to command the road in front, and the enemy were rapidly dislodged from our front and flank, and artillery placed farther in advance. In this advance were captured two caissons and one limber, the flag of the Saint Mary's Cannoneers, a large quantity of small-arms, some ammunition for field-pieces, and about 120 prisoners. The caissons, limber, and flag were captured by the Thirteenth connecticut Volunteers.

Careful reconnaissances were now made both on the front and flank. The enemy was found to have taken up a new and still stronger position, his right supported by the gunboat Diana, but the grater portion of his force was massed on his left, opposite my right, and in such a position as to render the cutting of his line of retreat impossible.

It was evident his whole force, with the exception of a small rear guard, was in position. This was corroborated by prisoners, we having captured some from every re-enforcements from New Iberia. Indications were strong at this time of an intention on his part to make an immediate attack upon my position. The gunboat Diana commenced moving up slowly. I immediately made preparation to receive her. Nims' battery was placed in position to open upon the Diana, and two companies of sharpshooters from the Thirteenth Connecticut placed in good position to pick off cannoneers. I prepared to received rather than to make an attack, for the reasons that the advantages of position were very greatly against an attacking party, and also that from the enemy's position, in case of a successful attack, no considerable portion of his force could have been cut off.

The Diana kept up a constant cross-fire upon our position to attack, I ordered an advance on both fronts, whereupon the enemy immediately retired. The Diana dropped down the stream a short distance

