
and was blown up and fired. A rebel transport, which had early in the day brought up re-enforcements to the enemy, was also burned. Very shortly after the retreat from my front Captain Perkins's cavalry, from General Banks' column, entered Franklin.

It is impossible for me to state the enemy's loss in this engagement, as their killed and wounded were nearly all sent to the rear in carts. We, however, buried 21 of their dead and carried off the field 35 of their wounded. Colonel Reiley, commanding brigade, and Colonel Gray, commanding, I think, the Twenty eighth Louisiana Volunteers, were among the wounded. Colonel Reiley has, I am informed, since died of his wounds.

As soon as communication was opened with the headquarters of the corps I went into camp near the battle-field, in accordance with instructions, and on the morning of the 15th marched up the Teche in pursuit of the retreating enemy, and encamped near Dr. McGuire's plantation, and on the 16th at New Iberia.

On the evening of the 16th, Col. William K. Kimball, commanding Second Brigade, was ordered, pursuant to instructions from the headquarters of the corps, with the Twelfth Maine, Forty-first Massachusetts, and one company of the Twenty-fourth Connecticut Volunteers, by the rebel Government, about 12 miles south of New Iberia. The enemy had, however, evacuated and removed the guns. Colonel Kimball destroyed the buildings, 18 in number, their steam-engines, windlasses, boiling and mining implements,a nd 600 barrels of salt prepared for shipment, blew up their magazine, and brought back to New Iberia about one ton of powder and one ton of nails. Colonel Kimball then returned, having fully executed his orders, and rejoined the division, without loss or casualties, on the 18th, at Vermillion River.

On the 17th the remainder of my division, with the addition of one brigade, commanded by Colonel Kimball, of the Fifty-third Massachusetts Volunteers, and a battery from General Emory's division, took up a line of march in the direction of the retreating enemy for Vermillion River, the other commands of the corps marching by the way of Saint Martinville. About 3 p. m. we came in sight of the enemy's retreating column, about 2 miles in our front and near the bridge on the Vermillion River. Fort want of cavalry we could not press upon their rear sufficiently to prevent their effectually destroying the bridge by fire. We, however, threw a few shells into their column, with what effect I am unable to say. Having fired the bridge, the enemy took up a position, with two 12-pounder field pieces and dismounted cavalry, to dispute our approach to the river. Skirmishers were sent out on the right and left from the First Brigade and Captains Closson's and Nims' batteries were placed in position in the center, with a section of Captain Closson's battery, under Lieutenant Taylor, on the extreme left, and the woods were so effectually shelled and covered b our skirmishers that the enemy soon abandoned the position, with the exception of some few sharpshooters, who hovered around till late at night. While Captain Closson was placing in position the section of his battery under Lieutenant Taylor two of his well-horses were instantly killed by a round shot from a rebel 12-pounder.

My command encamped upon the Vermillion River. The whole of the next day was consumed in rebuilding the bridge.

On the 19th the detached brigade and battery of General Emory's division rejoined its division and we resumed the march for Opelousas,

