
where, without further incident worthy of notice, we encamped on the night of the 20th.

List of casualties:

 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Prisoners.	 Missing.

First	 3	 9 	 .....	 ......

Brigade:

On the

13th

On the	 2	 13	 ......	 .......

14th

On the	 1	 5	 ......	 .......

17th

Total	 6	 27	 .......	 .......

Third	 46	 236	 29	 1

Brigade:

On the

14th

Battery C,	 1	 7	 .......	 .......

Second

Artillery

Grand	 53	 270	 29	 1

total

For more detailed information with regard to casualties I would respectfully refer to inclosed sub-reports.

On the march from Franklin to Opelousas many prisoners have been captured, and many escaped who might have been captured had we been more adequately supplied with cavalry. Circumstances were such as to render it impracticable to keep an accurate account of the numbers sent to the rear, but I judge that my division has sent to the rear not less than 300, besides those captured at Irish Bend.

In closing my report I must express my indebtedness to Brigadier-General Dwight, commanding First Brigade; Colonel Birge, commanding Third Brigade; Col. W. K. Kimball, commanding Second Brigade; tain Nims, commanding Battery L, First U. S. Artillery; Captain Nims, commanding Battery B, Second Massachusetts Light Artillery; Lieutenant Rodgers, commanding Battery C, Second U. S. Artillery, and Captain Rodgers, commanding Company F, Louisiana Volunteer Cavalry, for gallantry in action and zeal and ability in the exercise of their commands. For special mention of regimental commanders, of field, staff, and company commanders, and others of less rank, but equally deserving of honorable mention for meritorious conduct, I would respectfully refer to inclosed sub-reports.

To the members of my staff who were present during the time covered by this report, Surg. T. B. Reed, medical director; Capts. Joseph Hibbert, jr., assistant adjutant-general; F. W. Perkins, acting quartermaster; W. P. Cowie, commissary of subsistence; J. L. Swift, acting aide-de-camp; First Lieuts. J. E. Colville, acting ordnance officer; J. B. Brown, aide-de-camp, and Second Lieutenant T. C. Otis, aide-de-camp; and also to Major C. A. Burt, judge-advocate and acting aide-de-camp, during the engagement on the 14th, I would express my obligations for gallantry on the field and zeal and efficiency in their various departments.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GROVER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Col. RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nineteenth Army Corps.

