
No. 27. Report of Captain Ormand F. Nims, Second Battery Massachusetts Light Artillery, of operations March 28-April 19.

OPELOUSAS, LA., April 21, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with instructions I have the honor to submit the following report:

March 28, started from Baton Rouge with 106 men, 112 horses, and 6 guns, on steamer Laurel Hill, for Donaldsonville; arrived there on the afternoon of the same day and went into camp.

On the morning of March 31 broke camp and took up the line of march for Brashear City, about 80 miles distant; arrived there on the afternoon of the same day and went into camp.

On the morning of March 31 broke camp and took up the line of march for Brashear City, about 80 miles distant; arrived there April 9, and went into the camp with 123 men, having gained 20 men by detail from nine-months' troops, and lost 3 men left at Bayou Boeuff.

April 11, embarked on steamer Saint Mary's and on flats, and on the morning of the 13th landed at Madam Porter's plantation, on Grand Lake; crossed the Bayou Teche in the afternoon, and went into camp about 2 miles from the lake.

On the morning of the 14th my battery took position, by order Captain Closson, chief of artillery, Grover's division, at the right of the reserve, where it remained for about one hour and a half; then ordered to the left to take position near the bayou to engage the rebel gunboat Diana, which was supposed would come down the Teche and run by.

April 15, took up line of march; April 16, arrived at new Iberia, and, by order of General Grover, one section, under command of Lieutenant W. K. Snow, was detached to join an expedition to proceed to the salt works and destroy them; continuing the march the remaining four pieces arrived at Vermillion River.

April 17, by order of Captain Closson, chief of artillery, the battery took position on the right, and shelled the enemy's position at that place for about half an hour; distance about 1,500 yards.

April 19, Lieutenant Snow's section rejoined the battery, and, continuing the march, we arrived at Opelousas on the afternoon of April 20 and went into camp.

Casualties: Three men left behind on the march, sick, and one horse, unserviceable, killed by order of General Grover.

O. FRENCH NIMS,

Captain, Comdg. Battery B, Massachusetts Light Artillery.

No. 28. Report of Captain Henry W. Closson, Battery L, First U. S. Artillery, of operations March 27-April 20.

OPELOUSAS, LA., April 21, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with instructions I submit the following report of the operations of Battery L, First U. S. Artillery:

Left Baton Rouge on steamer Laurel Hill March 27, with 134 men, 104 horses, and 6 guns. Disembarked at Donaldsonville, 90 miles, 28th, and took up the line of march for Brashear City 31st; arrived, April 9, 80 miles; embarked on steamer and flats the night of the 11th, and disembarked the morning of the 13th on Madam Porter's plantation, on Grand Lake. The battery was immediately thrown to the front, and

