
Taylor's and Appleton's sections detached, each to secure and hold bridges across the Teche Bayou, conjointly with infantry and cavalry. This was accomplished, and at the left bridge, by Appleton's section and two sections of Battery C, Second U. S. Artillery, under a very annoying fire from four guns of the rebel artillery and his sharpshooters. Casualty, 1 horse wounded.

During the fight of the 14th my battery was held in reserve. On the 15th, took up line of march and reached Vermillion Bridge, Taylor's section of the battery was opened upon by sharpshooters and the rebel artillery of four guns, from the cover of the opposite bank. Casualties, 2 horses killed. The remainder of my battery and four guns (Nims's) coming up, soon shelled the rebels out.

On the 20th, marched into Opelousas. Estimated distance from Grand Lake Landing, 60 miles.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY W. CLOSSON,

Captain, First Artillery, U. S. Army, Comdg. Battery L.

Brigadier-General ARNOLD,

Chief of Artillery, Nineteenth Army Corps.

No. 29. Report of Lieutenant John I. Rodgers, Battery C, Second U. S. Artillery, of skirmish at Porter's Plantation and engagement at Irish Bend.

BATTERY C, SECOND U. S. ARTILLERY, Opelousas, La., April 21, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that Battery C, Second U. S. Artillery, was disembarked on the morning of the 13th instant and moved immediately up to Bayou Teche. During the afternoon two sections were engaged in shelling the enemy's position at the lower bridge. About dark the battery crossed at the upper bridge and took the position assigned it for the night.

On the morning of the 14th instant, according to my orders, I reported for duty to Colonel Birge, commanding Third Brigade, Fourth Division, with which brigade the battery has since operated. The battery followed in the column of march, the first section, under Lieutenant Bradley, Second Artillery, in rear of the skirmishers; the remaining sections in rear of the One hundred and fifty-ninth New York Volunteers, until the enemy's position was developed, when Lieutenant Bradley's section was ordered by Colonel Irge to proceed through the open field and take position about 500 yards from the enemy's position in the wood. In complying with this order the section was under fire of the enemy's guns, but fortunately their shell burst over, and after the section opened fire the enemy retired from that vicinity with their guns. The rest of the battery followed on the main road and was halted to await orders. General Grover ordered put one piece and placed it in position on the right of the road in the field. It opened fire with spherical caseshot at 800 yards to the left of where the road intersects the wood, and where the caissons of the enemy were afterward found abandoned. After the firing of this piece was determined I left it in charge of a sergeant and accompanied the other piece to its position, about 400

