
yards in advance and on the road. This position was also designated by General Grover. It was about this time of the battle that the enemy attempted the flank movement, but the orders I had received prevented me from firing in that direction until I saw the section of my own battery preparing to retire, and also the dress of the enemy, when I turned the fire of the piece in that direction and covered the retrograde movement as well as possible.

The section in the field under Lieutenant Bradley took a new position and renewed the fire, discharging canister rapidly and effectively, which, with the spherical case which I threw from the road over our own infantry, succeeded in driving the enemy back. In retiring, Lieutenant Bradley had 8 of his men and 6 horses wounded. Finding that the position of the piece on the road was in the line of fire of the skirmishers, and having 1 man killed and 2 disable,d I fell back about 60 yards and renewed the fire, leaving a corporal in charge. The left section was now ordered by Colonel Birge to a position about 60 yards in front of the wood. As the enemy could be seen I fired canister, and after a number of discharges the infantry entered the wood. There was no more artillery firing during the day. I was afterward annoyed by the fire of the gunboat, several of her shells (30-pounders) falling among the teams of the section, but fortunately not exploding.

During the whole engagement, from 8 a. m. until about 2 p. m., the men under my charge behaved coolly and did their duty well. The first section, under Lieutenant Bradley, was in the most trying position, and the manner in which it was extricated from its position reflects greatly on Lieutenant Bradley's courage and high sense of duty.

The company left its camp next morning and marched along Bayou Teche, arriving at New Iberia on the night of the 16th; thence to Opelousas, La., arriving at its present camp on the night of the 20th instant.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN I. RODGERS,

Lieutenant Second Arty., Comdg. Battery C, Second U. S. Arty.

Captain H. W. CLOSSON,

First Artillery, Comdg. Artillery, Grover's Division.

No. 30. Reports of Brigadier General William Dwight, jr., U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations March 26-May 1.

AT BURNT BRIDGES OVER BAYOUS COCODRIE AND BCEUFF, Before Washington, La., April 22, 1863-7 p. m.

SIR: We have been delayed at this point by unexpected difficulties in constructing a bridge. It is a more difficult bayou to cross than the Vermillion. I hope to cross by midnight. I crossed some cavalry at noon to-day, and they moved on the Bayou Boeuff road, about 2 1\2 miles from this position. They were ambushed by about 200 of the enemy.

Our cavalry lost 1 man killed and 1 man prisoner. The enemy lost at least 1 killed to our knowledge.

From the information which I gather here I think that the cavalry

---------------

*Nominal list omitted shows 1 man killed and 7 men wounded.

---------------

