
away. The residue, with all the commissary and quartermaster stores, forage, blankets, and camp equipage, was burned or otherwise destroyed. I brought with me all the company books and papers. It was between 12 and 1 o'clock when we charged upon the camp. Dinner was just prepared.

Not having after a force that would justify me in pursuing the enemy in his flight, we immediately took up our march homeward. We had arrived within 18 miles of this place, when about 9 o'clock p.m. two enfilading volleys were fired into our rear from a point of woods at the turn off the road. At the point whence the fire proceeded the road turns to the right, and the left-hand side is skirted by woods with a thick undergrowth. When the firing opened the rear guard had passed. The fire was returned by them. We had 14 prisoners, 20 horses, and a mule team laden with the fruits of our capture to encumber us. For a short time the greatest confusion prevailed. The horses that had been ridden by the prisoners, with those being led and others that had lost their riders, came dashing down the road furiously. For a while the men seemed panic-stricken, but in five minutes' time we were in a condition to receive an attack if any was contemplated, which we fully expected. In the mean time we ascertained that the enemy fled upon delivering the second volley, which was done within fifteen seconds after the first volley. We gathered up our killed and wounded, and camped in the field opposite the woods. Our loss was 2 killed, Hammond Wagner and Joseph Shoener. The wounded, Oliver S. Locke, George Haynes, John Buckner, and Paul Borne, together with a negro whom we captured in camp and who has since died from effect of his wounds. Seven of the prisoners escaped; 2 of the guard over them were killed, 2 had their horses shot under them, and 2 others were wounded; 4 of our horses were killed, among them my own. We were not further molested, and at sunrise resumed our march, reaching camp at 11.30 o'clock a. m. on the 29th instant with 8 prisoners and all the horses and other property, together with our dead and wounded. The property has been properly disposed of by Captain Maggee.

We had on reaching camp marched 96 miles, neither man nor horse having had morsel of food for thirty-two hours of the time, and the men, with the exception of three hours of that time, constantly in the saddle.

Captain Magee deserves the greatest praise for the timely aid rendered when we were attacked first by the enemy, and also for his coolness during the time we were under fire at night, and for his efforts in allaying the panic which for a moment prevailed among some of his men at that time. Too much credit cannot be given Sergeants Marshall, Parsons and Brown, and Private Miller for their courage and brave conduct in receiving the two volleys in the camp of the enemy and their subsequent conduct that night.

Trusting that my action in the premises may meet your approbation, I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. KEITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-first Indiana Volunteers.

JAMES W. McMILLAN,

Colonel Twenty-First Indiana Vols., Comdg. Post.

