
bridges. At this time I received an order from the brigadier-general commanding the division to destroy the lower bridge and cross the bayou at the upper bridge in rear of the division which was about to cross. I obeyed the order, and long after dark reached the upper bridge, crossed it with difficulty (it having broken down during the passage of the artillery over it) and took up position as directed.

This brigade moved the next morning immediately in rear of the Third Brigade of this division. The brigade was in motion as 6 o'clock a. m. We had hardly advanced 1 1\2 miles when firing assured us that the Third Brigade was engaged by the enemy. I immediately rode toward the front to observe what was going on, when I saw that the enemy was posted in a very strong position in the front of a skirt of wood which ran for some distance at right angles to the road on which we were moving and then ran off obliquely to the left and front had a canebrake and high grass in its front sufficient to conceal any movement which, the enemy might make in that direction. The Third Brigade had hardly become engaged when the enemy appeared in the canebrake, flanking the position of our troops. At this moment I received an order through Lieutenant Otis, aide-de-camp to the general commanding this division, to move my brigade to the front. Lieutenant Otis had not been informed in what manner the brigadier-general commanding this division,to move my brigade to the front. Lieutenant Otis had not been informed in what manner the brigadier-general commanding the division wished me to dispose of my brigade. I therefore rode forward to see the general commanding the division in person, directing my brigade to follow rapidly, and giving the necessary directions to stretch them well to the right so as to outflank the rebel force, which by its flank fire, was so distressing the brigade in front of me. As I moved forward the scene in the open plain in front of me was embarrassing. Two regiments of the Third Brigade were retreating in disorder and the artillery on our right was falling back, because the rebel infantry was enabled to advance upon it, owing to the confused retreat of its support. Having seen the brigadier-general commanding in person and received his directions for my advance, my brigade moved over the plain, driving the enemy from all their positions, outflanking hem on their left, as they had previously out flanked us on our right, capturing prisoners, forcing the wood in my front, and occupying the outer edge of that wood. Here I was ordered to halt and dispose my troops so as to hold the ground which I had gained and more effectually to protect the right flank of our position, which was said to be threatened by the enemy. The officer commanding the Third Brigade did not occupy the outer skirt of the wood in front of him, so that the left of the Ninety-first New York Volunteers had to be retired into the wood to form a junction with his line. The character of the wood and of the ground on our right flank made it difficult, if not impossible, to tell what the enemy was doing in that direction, and the constant reports from my front in a great degree confirmed the reports from the front of the Third Brigade that the enemy were massing their troops on our front and right for the purpose of making an attack. By command of the brigadier-general commanding the division I held the position which I now occupied for some time, and remained quiet in it. Finally I received an order to advance and clear my front. My brigade did advance until it met the advance of General Emory's division near Franklin. While the brigade was advancing the news was announced of the occupation of Franklin by the advance of that portion of the Nineteenth Army Corps which was commanded by Major-General Banks. The brigade occupied and held all the positions of the enemy

