
before which the Third Brigade had failed. Its loss was about 7 killed and 20 wounded. It captured 70 prisoners from the enemy. This result was mainly due to the admirable conduct and advance of the Ninety-first New York Volunteers, under Colonel Van Zandt; the First Louisiana Volunteers, Colonel Holcomb, and the sixth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Holcomb, and the Sixth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Cassidy commanding. The other regiments of the brigade acted as supports. For one and a half hours this brigade held all the positions of the enemy unsupported by any portion of the edge of the wood in their front until long after I had occupied the edge of the wood in my front. Their failure to do this, and the difficulties which the Sixth New York Volunteers encountered in the nature of the ground over which they advanced, caused us to lose many prisoners that otherwise must have fallen into our hands. Too much praise cannot be bestowed on the manner in which the Ninety-first Regiment New York Volunteers advanced under command of Colonel Van Zandt. But all the regiments of this brigade did their duty in a manner which reflects great credit on officer and men. I was greatly indebted to Denslow, acting chief of staff; Lieutenant F. M. Abbott, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Chales Dwight, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Matthews, volunteer aide-de-camp, for their gallantry and the assistance which they gave me.

This brigade encamped on the evening of the engagement, April 14, 1863, near the scene of the action. Next morning it marched in pursuit of the enemy, and at night encamped near Indian Village. Next day it marched to New Iberia. The scenes of disorder and pillage on these two days' march were disgraceful to civilized war. Houses were entered and all in them destroyed in the most wanton manner. Ladies were frightened into delivering their jewels and valuables into the hands of the soldiers by treats of violence toward their husbands. Negro women were ravished in the presence of white women and children. These disgusting scenes were due to the want of discipline in this army, and to the utter incompetency of regimental officers.

At night in New Iberia there was some noise and confusion in this brigade, owing to the fact that some soldiers got hold of Louisiana rum. On the morning of the 17th this Brigade, in advance, started over the upper route for Vermillion Bridge. Before reaching the bridge the enemy was seen by scouts, mounted for the purpose, from the Sixth Regiment New York Volunteers. These scouts soon brought notice of portion of the scouts were detached to capture their wagons. They succeeded in capturing three of them. The remainder of the enemy's train, as far as seen, amounting to about 30 wagons, was seen by these scouts. Had any cavalry with which to pursue them been with this column we could have captured them, but the scouts being our only mounted force it was impossible to make the attempt. The enemy's cavalry was also seen upon the plain and fired upon. During the cannonade at the bridge the brigade furnished sharpshooters, and also furnished supports to the batteries. In performing these duties its loss was 1 killed and 4 wounded. We remained on the 18th at the burned bridge. The following day the brigade marched to Carrion Crow Bayou. The pillage on this day took the form of shooting poultry on the open prairie. Stragglers from the front of the column fired to the rear in such a way as greatly to endanger the lives of the soldiers in rear of them. The march of the next day, April 20, 1863,

