
and remained there two days. The regiment left Donaldsonville with the brigade March 31, and proceeded to Terre Bonne Station, near Thibodeaux; remained there two days and took the cars for Bayou Boeuff. Nothing occurred on the road of any interest.

Remained encamped at Bayou Boeuff until April 9, when we left for Brashear City. Remained there from the evening of the 9th till the evening of the 11th, and embarked on board the United States gunboat Clifton.

The next morning the fleet started for Irish Bend, on Grand Lake, and arrived the same evening. A reconnaissance was ordered to be made of the road it was intended to pass over by two companies of the First Louisiana Volunteers, under command of the lieutenant-colonel, which was made the same evening, the companies returning to the Clifton at 11 p. m., and the route was pronounced impracticable.

The fleet passed up the lake a short distance farther, a good road was found, and the order was given for this regiment to disembark at daylight on the 13th. The regiment disembarked in a short time, and Lieutenant-Colonel Fiske, with two companies (C and F), were ordered to move forward as skirmishers and examine the country in the neighborhood of the landing. The regiment was drawn up in line, ready to assist the skirmishers or to move in any direction at a moment's warning. The skirmishers had advanced but a short distance when the enemy opened fire with two pieces of artillery and about two companies of cavalry, all of which were under cover of the adjacent wood and behind a high fence. The skirmishers continued to advance in good order, notwithstanding the galling fire of the enemy, which was from the front and the right flank. I was ordered up with the balance of the regiment to support the skirmishers, and advanced directly up the road which led through the field and woods, and which was the route to reach the Teche. About this time Lieutenant-Colonel Fisek and two men were wounded, but the skirmishers still held their ground, and were in good order when I came up. I formed the regiment in line to the left of the road, and continued to advance, and soon received the enemy's fire from the front and the right flank, and had two men slightly wounded. The two pieces of artillery of the enemy were directly ahead in the road at the edge of the wood, and I thought by moving a little to the left I could avoid their fire, and also the fire of the gunboats, several shells from which fell near the right of our line, and that by entering the wood and making a flank movement to the right I might cut off the retreat of the enemy. I ordered the regiment to fire a volley and charge into the wood, which they did not good style, but the enemy seeing this movement retreated as quickly as possible.

I would say here that the officers and men of my command behaved admirably and with great gallantry. They advanced as steadily under fire as veterans. Though perhaps some officers deserve especial praise, yet when all did so well it is difficult to particularize.

I was then ordered to advance on the road through the swamp to the edge of the clearing beyond, which I did, throwing out skirmishers in advance. As we came to the edge of the clearing we saw the enemy drawn up in line, with four pieces of artillery and a battalion of cavalry. Remained at the edge of the clearing till 10 p. m., most of the division having passed by, when we were ordered to go forward and support Closson's battery, which was protecting a crossing a crossing of the bayou about 2 miles below Madam Porter's. I also had a part of the One hundred and thirty-first New York, the Sixth New York, and the Twenty-second Maine. I threw out some of my men as sharpshooters, as the enemy

