
were pouring in a scattering and galling fire from the west bank of the bayou. Lost two men killed in the afternoon. At about 6 p. m. was ordered back to bivouac on the west bank of the bayou, with orders to destroy the bridge we had been holding.

Early the next morning, the 14th, the regiment was put in line of march and proceeded down the bayou, when firing commenced between our advance and the enemy, who had taken a position about 2 miles from Franklin. The Third Brigade was first to advance, but the enemy, holding too strong a position, it was found necessary to send forward the First Brigade, and, with the Ninety-first and Sixth New York, I was ordered forward. The Ninety-first advanced on the left, the Sixth New York on the right, and the First Louisiana in the center. The First Louisiana and the Sixth New York advanced but a short distance when we were ordered to halt in that position till about 3 p. m. I was ordered to send forward two companies as skirmishers, which I did, under command of Adjt. Charles H. Grosvenor, and they arrived to near the line first occupied by the enemy. The Sixth New York had been ordered to advance as skirmishers on our left, and I was ordered to go forward and support them, sending forward the skirmishers on the right. In accordance with this order we advanced about 2 miles, when we suddenly came upon the forces under command of General Emory. The same evening we returned and encamped at Irish Bend, on the Teche.

The next morning (the 15th) we again took up the line of march for Newton, or New Iberia, which place we reached the afternoon of the 16th.

On this march I received orders from General Banks to allow no straggling, and was told if any enlisted man was found out of the ranks during the march without the permission of his company commander the captain of the company of which such man belonged would be dishonorably discharged the service. I communicated this order ot my company commanders, and most of the companies succeeded in complying with it. Two captains, however (Captain Salomon, company E, and Captain Renauld, Company A), after repeated warnings, allowed their men to loather behind so much, for the purpose of pillaging, apparently taking no loiter behind so much, for the purpose of pillaging, apparently taking no plains to prevent it, that, in accordance with he order received from the commanding general, I was obliged to place them under arrest. At Newtown, during the night that the remained there, the men found some intoxicating liquor of some kind, and many of them during the night and the next morning were under the influence of it. They made me some trouble, though nothing serious happened.

The morning of the 17th we proceeded on, and made a long march of 22 miles to Vermillion Bayou. Here the enemy had burned a bridge and had two or three pieces of artillery posted on the opposite side of the bayou to oppose our advance. Our batteries were ordered up and shelled the woods, where they were until about dark, when we went into camp, but were allowed to build no fires, of which my men complained somewhat, as they had had nothing to eat for some time and wished to make some hot coffee. We were detained at Bayou Vermillion the next day waiting for the reconstruction of the bridge.

The morning of the 19th our line of march was taken up for Opelousas. I was quite unwell-indeed, had been suffering for some time; so much so that I left the regiment in command of Adjt. Charles H. Grosvenor, and I followed slowly on my horse. I was ordered to leave a company at the bridge befored referred to, and left Company G, Captain A. W. Per-

