
sons. About 1 o'clock on this day's march, while the brigade was halted, several rifle shots came whistling over my regiment, fired by stragglers, who were engaged in plundering. One shot struck very near one of my lieutenants. Two men were arrested by General Dwight for this caressness, and were ordered by him to be shot, and the First Louisiana was ordered to furnish a detail of six men with loaded muskets to do it. The general, however, countermanded the order and sent the men to be placed in charge of the guard of the First Louisiana Regiment, where they are now.

During this day's march I was ordered to send two of my companies from my regiment out on either side of the road to pick up all the horses they could find, and, if possible, mount all their men and join the regiment again in the evening.

Nothing further of importance occurred until arriving at Opelousas the evening of the 20th. The First Louisiana Volunteers were marched through the town and placed in camp on a road going out to the west.

While at Opelousas I issued an order appointing Adjt. Charles H. Grosvenor acting major, as we have had no major for some time, and Lieutenant T. L. Scott acting adjutant.

I have now so far recovered as to be able to take command of my regiment.

I would remark, in conclusion, that my men, during a great part of the time referred to, suffered for the want of a sufficient quantity of coffee and hard bread, and many of them, too, complained of being obliged to carry knapsacks when they seemed of so little use.

Yours, very respectfully,

R. E. HOLCOMB,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant WILLIAM B. HUNT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 32. Report of Lieutenant Col. Michael Cassidy, Sixth New York Infantry, of operations March 20-April 20.

HDQRS. SIXTH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, Little Bayou Boeuff, La., April 25, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with verbal instructions received from Brigadier-General Dwight, I have the honor to report that the Sixth Regiment New York Volunteers embarked on the steamer Morning Light at Baton Rouge March 26 for Donaldsonville, arriving next morning, where the regiment encamped until Tuesday, March 31, leaving that day and passing through Thibodeaux April 2, encamping for the night near the railroad station at Terre Bonne, and on the 3rd going on the cars to Bayou Brashear City, where the regiment again encamped until the 11th instant. That day embarked on board the steamers Estrella and Clifton, landing at Indian Bend, on Grand Lake, on Monday morning, the 13th instant, and was there engaged with the enemy, having 1 man mortally wounded (since dead). Crossed the Teche that night, encamping on Madam Porter's plantation. Next morning we marched to Irish Bend, where a battle took place. The Sixth Regiment New York Volunteers

