
being engaged with the enemy, encamped near the battle-field that night. Next morning commenced to march toward New Iberia, which place the regiment reached on the 16th instant, and next day marched to Vermillion Creek, where the regiment was again engaged with the enemy, losing 1 man killed and 3 wounded; crossing the creek next day, marching toward Opelousas, which place was reached on the 20th instant, and encamped there.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MICHAEL CASSIDY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Sixth Regt., New York Vols., Comdg.

First Lieutenant WILLIAM B. HUNT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 33. Report of Col. Jacob Van Zandt, Ninety-first New York Infantry, of engagement at Irish Bend and action at Bayou Vermillion.

Report of marches and engagements made by Ninety-first New York Volunteers since leaving Baton Rouge, La., March 26, up to the time of its arriving at Opelousas, La., April 21, 1863:

Left Baton Rouge on board steamer Laurel Hill March 26 for Donaldsonville. Left Donaldsonville March 31 and marched three days, arriving at Thibodeaux. Left Thibodeaux on April 3 and arrived at Bayou Boeuff; encamped until the 9th instant and marched to Brashear City. Left Brashear City on the 12th instant on board steamer Calhoun and landed at Irish Bend on the 13th instant.

On Tuesday, 14th instant, while three regiments and a section of U. S. artillery were in full retreat, the regiment was ordered to the front as skirmishers, and passed through the wood, meeting with a loss of 2 enlisted men killed and 1 commissioned officer and 8 men wounded. Again marched until the 17th instant to Bayou Vermillion, when the regiment was again ordered to the front, and met with a loss of 2 enlisted men wounded. Left Bayou Vermillion on Sunday, the 19th instant, and arrived at Opelousas on the 21st instant.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

J. VAN ZANDT,

Colonel, Commanding Ninety-first New York Volunteers.

No. 34. Report of Col. Nicholas W. day, One hundred and thirty-first New York Infantry, of operations March 26-April 20.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the following as the incidents that occupied during the march of this regiment, One hundred and thirty-first Regiment New York State Volunteers, from Baton Rouge to Opelousas:

Thursday, March 26, went on board transport steamer Saint Mary's at Baton Rouge at 11 p. m.

Friday, March 27, left Baton rouge at daylight. On the way to

