
Donaldsonville was ordered to disarm 30 men of the Sixth New York Volunteers, which order was executed. The same day reached Donalsonville and went into camp.

Tuesday, March 31, left Donaldsonville at 6 a. m. and marched to Terre Bonne.

Thursday, April 2, arrived at Terre Bonne in the evening and went into bivouac.

Friday, April 3, the left wing started in the cars at 3 p. m., followed by the right wing about dusk, for Bayou Boeuff, reaching there and going into bivouac until the next day, when tents were pitched.

Thursday, April 9, left Bayou Boeuff at 5 a. m. and marched to Brashear City, arriving at 3 p. m.

Saturday, April 11, the regiment embarked in the gunboat Estrella, Commander Cooke.

Sunday, April 12, at daylight the gunboat sailed with the regiment.

Monday, April 13, landed about 9.30 a. m. on McWilliams' plantation, on western shore of Grand Lake. Marched up and formed in line of battle in the rear of the Sixth New York, who were acting as skirmishers. Marched ot the Teche, throwing one company out as skirmishers, Closson's battery following us. At Madam Porter's plantation used he negroes to repair the plantation bridge, which the rebels had partially destroyed. About fifteen minutes after we arived there, was ordered to send five companies, under Major Redford, to a bridge at the sugar-house, some 1 1\2 miles below Madam Porter's. Arriving here the enemy opened with brisk firing on both flanks (artillery and infantry) from the other side (west side) of the bayou. The continued until dark, our companies maintaining their position, when the enemy retire din consequence of the skirmishers of Birge's brigade, who had crossed the upper bridge and were marching down on the opposite side (right bank) of the bayou. We then destroyed the bridge and retired up the bayou to Madam Porter's bridge, where we crossed and bivouacked for the night. In the action at the bridge we had 4 men wounded, 1 mortally. We found by this day's experience that our pieces were very defective and exceedingly short of range.

Tuesday, April 14, left Madam Porter's plantation and marched toward Franklin. When within about 2 miles of the town the head of the column was attacked; a brisk engagement ensued; were called to support Birge's brigade; advanced in line of battle to the wood, having 3 men taken to the rear wounded. The enemy retired. Went into bivouac at sugar-house, near the battle-field.

Wednesday, April 15, marched to Charenton and bivouacked.

Thursday, April 16, marched to New Iberia and went into bivouac.

Friday, April 17, pursued the enemy to Vermillion Bridge, where they burned the bridge. Here occurred a brisk artillery duel, the enemy being posted on the opposite side of the bayou. My regiment supported Nims' battery; bivouacked that night near the bayou.

Saturday, April 18, changed position in the morning nearer bayou.

Sunday, April 19, marched to Carrion Crow Bayou and went into bivouac at dusk.

I have the honor to remain, general, yours, respectfully,

NICHOLAS W. DAY.

