
No. 35. Reports of Col. William K. Kimbal, Twelfth Maine Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations March 27-April 20.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, GROVER'S DIVISION, Opelousas, La., April 21, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with instructions of General Grover, on the night of the 17th instant, with the Twelfth Regiment Maine Volunteers, Forty-first Massachusetts Volunteers, one company from the Twenty-fourth Connecticut Volunteers, and one section of Nims' battery, I left New Iberia for the salt-works, operated by the Confederate Government, about 12 miles distant from that place. I reached the island upon which the salt-works were situated early on the morning of the 18th instant, and found the enemy had evacuated his works nd removed his guns. I proceeded at once to destroy all the buildings, 18 in number, connected with the salt-works, steamengines, windlasses, boilers, mining implements, and machinery of all kinds; also 600 barrels of salt, ready for shipment. About one ton of powder and one ton of nails, found in the magazine, I caused to be transported to New Iberia and delivered to Captain Long, provost-marshal at that place. The bomb-proof magazine connected with the fortification I caused to be blown up and the works destroyed, so far as they could be with the means at my command. Having complied with my instructions so far as i was able to do so, I immediately returned to New Iberia the same night, and have rejoined your division without loss and with no casualties.

To Colonel Chickering, Forty-first Massachusetts; Lieutenant-Colonel Ilsley, Twelfth Maine Volunteers, and Lieutenant Snow, of Nims' battery, I am under obligations for their efficient co-operation in carrying out the object of the expedition.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,WM. K. KIMBALL,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Grover's Division.

Captain HIBBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, GROVER'S DIVISION, Opelousas, La., April 23, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of this brigade during their march from Baton Rouge to this place:

March 27, it embarked at Baton Rouge on a steamer for Donaldsonville. March 31, started on the road for Thibodeauz, on the Bayou La Fourche orad; encamped that night at Napoleonville. April 1, marched from Napoleonville to Labadieville. April 2, marched from Labadieville to Terre Bonne Station, on the New Orleans, Opelousas and Great Western Railroad, and remainder till April 4. April 4, went via railroad to Bayou Boeuff; remained at this place until April 9; then marched to Brashear City. April 11, it landed near Irish Bend, on the Bayou Teche, and bivouacked near Madam Porter's plantation. April 14, marched to near battle-ground of Franklin. April 15, marched to

------

. April 16, marched to New Iberia; thence the Twelfth Maine and Forty-

