
first Massachusetts, with one section of Nims' battery, marched to and destroyed the salt-works, leaving the Fifty-second Massachusetts and Twenty-fourth Connecticut in command of Colonel Greenleaf. The Twelfth and Forty-first rejoined the command at Vermillionville on the 18th. At this post the Fifty-second and Twenty-fourth were put in the front to support Nims' battery. April 18, in the afternoon, crossed the creek. April 19, marched to Carrion Crow Bayou. April 20, marched to Opelousas.

During this march there was no casualty of any kind in the brigade.

I am, very respectfully,

WM. K. KIMBALL,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Fourth Division.

Captain HIBBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 36. Report of Col. Henry W. Birge [?], Thirteenth Connecticut Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of engagement at Irish Bend.

HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, GROVER'S DIVISION, Opelousas, La., April 22, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, by order of Brigadier General Grover, commanding division, this brigade, consisting of the Thirteenth Connecticut Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Warner; Twenty-sixth Maine Volunteers, Colonel Hubbard; Twenty-fifth Connecticut Volunteers, Colonel Bissell; and One hundred and fifty-ninth New York Volunteers, Colonel Molineux, embarked on transports at Baton Rouge March 28. Debarked at Donaldsonville March 29. On the 31st, marched to Pancaville [Paincourtville], 12 miles, the One hundred and fifty-ninth having been detached and sent to Thibodeaux on transport Empire Parish as guard of division baggage. April 1, marched to Labadieville, 12 miles. April 2, marched to Terre Bonne Station, 14 miles. At 9 p. m., same day, moved by railroad to Bayou Boeuff; in camp at Bayou Boueff till the 9th instant, the One hundred and fifty-ninth New York joining the brigade on the 4th. On the 9th, marched to Brashear City; 11th, embarked on transports (Twenty-fifth Connecticut on Saint Mary's the other regiments on Laurel Hill), and at daylight on the 13th debarked at McWilliams' plantation, on Grand Lake, the enemy, with two guns and a small force, making a feeble attempt to oppose our landing. Occupied during the day the position assigned the brigade. At sunset crossed the Bayou Teche, and by direction of the general commanding placed the regiments in position as follows: The Thirteenth Connecticut holding the bayou road to Franklin, about 1 1\2 miles below Madam Porter's plantation; the One hundred and fifty-ninth on the right of the Thirteenth, the picket line of the two regiments extending from the bayou on the left to the woods on the right and connecting with the pickets of the Second Brigade; the Twenty-fifth Connecticut in line in the field on the right of the road, and 1 mile to the rear.

On the 14th instant marched at daylight toward Franklin in following order: The Twenty-fifth Connecticut, after passing picket line, with five companies as skirmishers deployed to the front from the roads to

