
ordered by him to withdrawn the Twelfth Maine and Thirteenth Connecticut to the center of the wood, and to form them, with the Twenty-fifth Connecticut, Twenty-sixth Maine, and One hundred and fifty-ninth New York, in two lines, the left resting on the bayou.

Meanwhile the enemy's gunboat Diana had come up the Teche and commenced throwing shell and solid shot in the wood at short intervals. By direction of General Grover a company of sharpshooters from each regiment was concealed on the bank of the bayou to pick off her gunners should she come within range, which at one time she threatened to do.

About 2 p. m. was order by General Grover to advance the Twelfth Maine, with a strong line of skirmishers in front, to feel the enemy. Before this order could be executed he suddenly withdrew, and the Diana was discovered to be in flames.

About 4 p. m. was ordered to withdraw from the wood and put my brigade in camp for the night.

The casualties of the brigade in this engagement were:*

 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Prisoners.	 Missing.

Thirteenth

Connecticu

t:

Officers	 ......	 3	 ......	 ......

Men	 7	 47	 ......	 ......

Twenty-

fifth

Connecticu

t:

Officers	 2	 5	 ........	 .......

Men	 7	 77	 9	 .......

Twenty-

sixth

Maine:

Officers	 .......	 1	 ......	 ......

Men	 11	 49	 ......	 ......

One

hundred

and fifty-

ninth New

York

Officers	 4	 4	 ......	 ........

Men	 15	 73	 20	 1

Total	 46	 259	 29	 1

A complete list of casualties has already been forwarded to you. It records the name of Lieutenant-Colonel Draper, who feel with three wounds, either of which would have been fatal. A good soldier, a gallant officer, and estimable gentleman, his death is mourned by his friends and is a loss to his country.

Adjutant Lathrop and Lieutenants Manley and Lockwood, of the One hundred and fifty-ninth New York, Captain Hayden and Lieutenant Dewey, of the Twenty-fifth Connecticut, all instantly killed on the field. Lieutenants Plunkett and Price, One hundred and fifty-ninth New York, mortally wounded and since dead. Their names are added to the list of patriots who have illustrated their devotion to their country by the sacrifice of their lives. Colonel Molineux, One hundred and fifty-ninth New York, and Lieutenant-Colonel Hersey, Twenty-sixth Maine, very dangerously and painfully wounded while bravely encouraging their men, were carried from the field. I am happy to add that both are recovering. Captain Sprague and Lieutenants Strickland and Kinney, Thirteenth Connecticut, Lieutenant Reeves, Twenty-sixth Maine. Lieutenant Waterman, Twenty-fifth Connecticut, all wounded, but not disabled, refused to leave the field until the close of the engagement.+

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 319.

+The copy of the foreign report, received by the Adjutant-General of the Army, is incomplete and without signature. Col. H. W. Birge, Thirteenth Connecticut Infantry, commanded the brigade during the time covered by the report.

25 R R-VOL XV

---------------

