
Lieutenant Netles, who had commanded the Diana up to Monday morning, and had handled her with great skill, was at that time forced to retire on account of severe illness, and Captain Semmes, of the artillery, was placed in command of her. Having sent Vincent's regiment to the lake shore, Reily's regiment constituted my only reserve, and during the morning of Monday received information that, contrary to my instructions, Colonel Vincent had contented himself with placing a small picket at Hudgins' and Charenton and encamped the remainder of his command on the west bank of the Teche, and that the enemy has succeeded in landing a large force at Hudgins'. I order Reily's regiment to proceed toward that point, re-enforce Colonel Vincent, and prevent the enemy from crossing the Teche and falling on my rear, thus being compelled to deprive myself of all reserves.

At about 11 o'clock on Monday, the 13th, the enemy displayed in our front, on both sides of the bayou, at least 14,000 men, and advanced with a show of confidence upon our earthworks. A fierce combat was kept up until sundown. The cannonading was uninterrupted, and enemy having brought to the front about sixty pieces of artillery, many of them heavy rifled and Parrott pieces. Our artillery wasted no ammunition, but opened on the advancing line of the enemy whenever they attempted to force our works. A battery of Parrott guns concentrated their attempted of force our works. A battery of Parrott guns concentrated their fire upon the Diana, which, under Captain Semmes, was pouring its fire upon the center of the advancing line, when a shell from a 30-pounder Parrott siege gun penetrated the plating in front of the boilers, exploded in the engine-room deranged a portion of the machinger, and killed 2 men-the chief and one of the assistant engineers-and wounded 5 of the crew. This rendered it necessary for the Diana to fall back beyond the range of the enemy's guns and repair damages, which occupied the remainder of the day, and was completed only at about midnight. The enemy made two attempts, by charging with their infantry, to carry our right, but were repulsed in both, with considerable loss, by the forces under Colonel Green and Colonel Gray. During these charges the Valverde Battery rendered most efficient service, and I regret to report that its gallant commander, who handled his battery with consummate skill, was wounded during these charges. The Twenty-eighth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, Colonel Gray, and Semmes' battery, commanded by Lieutenant Barnes; section of Cornay's battery, Lieutenant Tarleton, checked every advance of the enemy upon our center and thwarted any attempt to force it. On the extreme right the enemy was not only repulsed but driven back in confusion through the thicket, which he sought as a cover.

On the east bank of the bayou the forces under command of Brigadier-General Mouton behaved with the same signal gallantry. On that bank the object of the enemy was to turn our left and gain the woods, under cover of which he could get to our rear. Colonel Bagby's Seventh Texas Regiment Mounted Volunteers, dismounted, and a detachment of the Eighteenth Louisiana Regiment held the left against all the attacks which were made, and at the close of the engagement the enemy had gained no ground since its commencement, but had been repulsed in every attempt to force our position. The dispositions and handling of his troops by Brigadier-General Mouton are entitled tot he highest praise, and the gallant manner in which he held his position and punished and drove back the enemy is worthy of the greatest commendation. The Pelican Battery, Captain Faries, was most efficiently served, and contributed in an eminent degree toward preserving

