
Colonel Herbert, who had been detached form his battalion, the Arizona by General Sibley, and placed on his staff, remained constantly with the rear guard and displayed the highest qualities of a soldier. Major Ochiltree, chief of staff of the Sibley brigade, was constantly under fire and afforced me the most valuable assistance by his activity and daring, as did Major Robards, ordnance officer to the same brigade.

Major Magoffin, of General Sibley's staff, was also very active in discharging the duties intrusted to him. Major Levy, adjutant and inspector general on my staff, and Captains Norton and Fusilier, volunteer aides, were always under fire, carrying orders, enduring fatigue, hurrying up caissons when the severity of the fire made the drivers hesitate, and in fact doing the duties of couriers as well as of officers. I can speak in the same terms of Lieutenant Bonford, aide-de-camp, who joined me at the close of Monday's action and was present at the action near Franklin. Lieutenant Bringier, my other regular aide, only reached me at the Vermillion, but from that time shared in the dangers and fatigues of the retreat.

It only remains for me to speak of Major Brent, my chief of ordnance and artillery. Posting his guns with great skill he superintended the serving of them in person. Always in the right place and at the right time, he merits the highest commendation. Major Surget, my chief of staff, was compelled to remain at Alexandria. The large territory over which my small force was necessarily scattered in the district rendered it imperative or him to remain at a central point, though his applications to join me were urgent.

In consequence of these operations having extended rough several days, this report is necessarily somewhat lengthy; nor does opportunity offer in the present state of affairs to reduce it to a less prolix form.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

Brigadier-General BOGGS, Chief of Staff.

No. 40. Report of Brigadier General Alfred Mouton, C. S. Army, commanding Brigade, of operations, April 11-19.

IN THE FIELD, NIBLETT'S BLUFF, May 2, 1863.

MAJOR: I beg leave to submit to the major-general commanding a report of the operations of the troops under my command from Saturday, April 11, till Sunday, April 19, 1863:

On reaching Camp Bisland it was ascertained that the line of entrenchments on the east bank of the Teche, corresponding with those on the west bank recently thrown up, had not even been commenced, and by direction of the major-general measures were immediately adopted to complete them. Lieutenant Mullet and Private Alfred Fusilier, the latter acting on my staff as assistant engineer, were placed in charge late on Friday, the 10th. The necessary orders were issued for obtaining hands, and by the most strenuous efforts negroes were collected during the night and the works commenced early on Saturday. From this moment until Monday morning the labor was continued night and day by the troops under my command and the negroes

