
obtained, with only momentary interruptions, occasioned by the artillery fire of the enemy. During the whole of the time Lieutenant Mullet and Private Fusilier were incessantly at their posts and labored with indefatigable zeal and commendable energy, completing the line about midday Monday. I regret, however, that several traverses which I had ordered could not be completed, owing to the too heavy firing of the enemy, which frightened and drove the negroes away, while the troops were compelled to take their position in line.

On Sunday, April 12, about 10 a. m., the enemy, under cover of their gunboats, commenced landing troops, consisting of infantry, artillery, and cavalry, at Lynch's Point, on the east bank. Colonel Bagby, Thrid Regiment, Sibley's brigade, under my command, was posted at this point with his regiment and ordered to check the enemy's advance by every means in his power. This he did effectually and heroically, defending every inch of ground with about 300 men against an overwhelming force till about 4 p. m., when the enemy advanced to within 1,500 yards of the entrenchments. From about 5 until dark an artillery duel was kept up, which resulted in nothing of any importance.

At night I sent out my adjutant, Captain Louis Bush, to reconnoiter the position, force, and dispositions of the enemy, who returned at a late hour, imparting all the information which it was possible to obtain. Guided by this information and knowing the formation of the ground, I concluded that the efforts of the enemy would be mainly directed against my left flank, and in consequence I directed Colonel Bagby with his regiment to take position in front of the entrenchments, about 500 yards in advance, on my left flank, in a copse of woods bordering on the lake, with orders to hold the point at all hazards, and I distributed the remainder of the troops, numbering about 1,000 men, along the line, Fournet's battalion on the right, the Crescent Regiment in the center, and the Eighteenth Regiment on the left, their left resting on the redoubt covering the left flank. The Pelican Battery, Captain Faries, was distributed by sections on the main road, and thus a connected line was formed from the Teche to the redoubt, a distance of about 900 yards. The great length of principal line and the small number of troops under my charge precluded the possibility of holding a singed man in reserve, every one being required to cover the main line.

Monday, 13th, about 9 a. m., the movements of the enemy began to be developed, their skirmishers having been previously thrown forward, who were met by ours and steadily held in check. At 10 a. m a forward movement commence days if intended to attack the whole line, but it soon became apparent that my left flank would be the serious point of assault, and as soon as the if intended to attack the whole line, but it soon became apparent that my left flank would be the serious point of assault, and as soon as this became evident I took position on the parapet of the redoubt, where I could more easily observe the movements of the enemy and direct those of our troops, and where it became necessary for me to remain the entire day. The enemy continued to press forward, but mainly on my left flank. Here a struggle ensued which on the part of our troops could not be surpassed for cool and determined courage, bravery, and heroic valor. Against this flank five regiments were successively thrown and effectually resisted on the open field by not over 500 men, under the lead of the gallant and chivalric Bagby, until night, when they were compelled to yield slightly under the pressure of the overwhelming force concentrated against them.

During this conflict it became necessary under orders to detach form Fournet's battalion first 104 men and then 150 men, the latterly of whom soon returned and were stationed in reserve behind the second parapet on the left and 3 yards in the rear of the first. From this reserve I

