
where danger and death stared them in the face at every step, they bore my orders to every point of the field with alacrity and promptness. Major R. W. Sanders, assistant quartermaster, and Major J. S. Mouton, A. C. S., attended to their duties not only in their respective departments but at times in the field and under fire. It is also my pleasing duty to make particular mention of Private Alfred A. Fusilier. He has been acting as assistant engineer since October last, and during the engagement remained with me, acting as aide. He is indefatigable, brave, and devoted. His horse was killed under him while carrying orders.

It is our of my power to furnish lists of casualties, having been and being still separated from the troops under my command at he entrenchments. As soon as they can be obtained they will be forwarded.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALF. MOUTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major E. SURGET, Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 12, 1863.-Affair on the Amite River, La.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Col. John M. Simonton, First Mississippi Infantry.

No. 2.-Captain Gadi Herren, First Mississippi Cavalry.

No. 1. Report of Col. John M. Simonton, First Mississippi Infantry.

PONCHATOULA, LA., April 13, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on the 9th instant I ordered Captain Herren, with his and Captain Cochran's companies of cavalry, to proceed to the wreck of gunboat at mouth of Amite River, to recover guns and other valuables. Captain Herren succeeded in getting a schooner in the Amite River, with which he proceeded to the wreck mouth of the Tickfaw, before reaching which he discovered he was being watched by a steamer in Lake Maurepas, a d a small party in a yacht was sent out to intercept him. He succeed in getting into the mouth of the river, and left a portion of his men on board the schooner and went ashore with he balance and placed them in ambush until the party in the yacht passed up the river, when he fired on them, and after a considerable little skirmish succeeded in capturing the entire party (killing 1 private). Prisoners taken: One adjutant, Sixth Michigan; 1 lieutenant, 1 corporal, 1 musician, and 4 privates, who are now at this place, and I will send to Jackson to-day. Captain Herren was, however, so closely followed by the steamer he was compelled to thrown overboard the gun and leave the schooner, making his way up the Ponchatoula in the yacht. I have sent a force to protect the schooner, if possible, and will yet secure the guns if practicable. Captain Herren and his men deserve the highest praise for energy and bravery. Our loss, none.

I have the honor to be, major, your obedient servant,

JNO. M. S IMONTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major WILLSON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

