
commands of Generals Taylor and Sibey, or any other general commanding in Louisiana. it is all important that these depredations should be stopped.

I have already instructed Captain Hare, commanding the cavalry squadrons, to keep scouts on the Louisiana shore, and to capture all parties of Federal depredatoes upon or landing upon the coast.

I understand that Northern Louisiana has recently been added to the command of the major-general commanding the District of Texas, &amp;c.; if so, I hereby make application that Calcasieu Parish, Louisiana, be added, and constitute a part of the Eastern Sub-District of Texas, and that my command be extended over the same.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

W. H. GRIFFIN,

Lieutenant Col., Comdg. Texas Vol. Infty., Comdg. Sabine Pass, &c.

Captain A. N. MILLER, Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 3, 1863.- Affair at Saint Joseph's Island, Tex.

REPORTS.*

No. 1.- Col. A. M. Hobby., Eighth Texas Infantry.

No. 2.- Captain Benjamin F. Neal, Eighth Texas Infantry.

No. 3.- Captain E. E. Hobby, Eighth Texas Infantry.

No. 1. Report of Col. A. M. Hobby, Eighth Texas Infantry.
HDQRS. CORPUS CHRISTI, TEX., May 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to transmit the official report of Capts. B. F. Neal and E. E. Hobby, of the engagement with the enemy on Saint Joseph's Island on the 3rd instant.

The report of Captain Hobby fully explains the whole affair. His men behaved most creditably. Both officers and men were exposed to the remain without shelter and short of provisions, but determined to remain until an opportunity was offered to attack the enemy. The boats approached in rear of each other the first only landing, so the capture of the others was impossible.

Nearly all, so the prisoners state, were killed in the second boat; the thrid had a gun, but were unable to use it under the fire of the riflemen. The captured launch is now in the service, and the cotton secured, awaiting your orders.

The Sharps shooters I have had repairers and turned over to the ordnance officer, who issued them to Captain Hobby's company, as they are greatly in need of guns, having 64 men and only forty guns. I hope the disposition of them will be approved.

The prisoners are now confined here, awaiting instructions from the general commanding as to what disposition shall be made of them. I am happy to report no casualties on our side.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. M. HOBBY,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Major E. F. GRAY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See General Orders, No. 66, District of Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona, p. 1085.

---------------

