
MAY 9-18, 1863.- Operations on the Amite River and Jackson Railroad, with skirmish at Ponchatoula, Independence Station, and Tickfaw Bridge, La.

REPORTS.

No. 1.- Brigadier General Thomas W. Sherman, U. S. Army.

No. 2.- Col. A. R. Witt, Tenth Arkansas Infantry.

No. 3.- Col. John L. Logan, Eleventh Arkansas Infantry.

No. 1. Report of Brigadier General Thomas W. Sherman, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,May 18, 1863.

SIR: On the 12th instant I threw out General Nickerson with two regiments upon the Amite River, together with five companies of Texas cavalry under Colonel Davis. General nickerson, remaining on and in the vicinity of the Amite, was directed to throw Davis' cavalry upon the Jackson Railroad and meet the two regiments of infantry under Colonel Clark, Sixth Michigan (Sixth michigan and One hundred and twenty-eighth New York), which had in the mean time been thrown across Manchac Pass.

As Colonel Davis' report has not yet been received I will now state only a synopsis of the results. The Jacksonroad has been effectually broken up as high as Camp Moore; all depots and railroad stations destroyed up to that point; the large car manufactory near Independence, with its contents, consisting of eight cars, a number of unfinished gun-carriages, &amp;c., destroyed; the Confederate shoe factory and tannery near Tickfaw destroyed.

Several skirmishes took place with the rebels at Ponchatpoula and Independence, which resulted in 1 man killed and 3 wounded on our side. Of the rebel, 10 to 15 killed, among whom Captain Cochran, of the rebels army, 25 horses, 60 muskets, and 1 lieutenant and 43 prisoners captured. The prisoners have all arrived in this city.

General Nickerson has captured in the Amite a large quantity of lumber and some cotton, and a large number of Confederate soldiers, deserters and furloughed, whom he informs me he has paroled. The people are rapidity taking the oath of allegiance and admit that the game is all up with them.

The cavalry returns to the Amite to-day, and Colonel Clark will recross the Pass to-morrow. General Nickerson I propose to maintain in his position until the property he has collected there can be removed or until he may be required elsewhere. Vessels have gone up for it.

As soon as the full reports have been received they will be forwarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Gulf.

