
No. 2. Reports of Col. A. R. Witt, Tenth Arkansas Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS OLIVE BRANCH,May 11, 1863-7.30 p. m.

GENERAL: My opinion of the movement of the enemy, communicated in the above dispatch [see inclosure], is merely a feint to cover the retreat of Grierson to his command at Port Gibson (Grant's army).

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. WITT,

Colonel, Commanding Olive Branch.

General GARDNER.

[Inclosure.]

MAY 11, 1863.

Colonel LOGAN:

A regiment of infantry and about 500 cavalry have left the Amite in the direction of the railroad, doing much damage to the citizens. My information is from Mr. Graham, a reliable citizen. I have a small scout east of the river; will send another to-night.

S. D. RAMSEY,

Captain, Commanding Pickets Amite and Comite.
HEADQUARTERS OLIVE BRANCH,May 12, 1863.

MAJOR: Dispatches from outpost pickets report that the enemy has moved out one regiment of negroes for the purpose of rebuilding the Montesano Bridge.

Later dispatch: That they expected to move across the bridge on Bayou Sara road last night or early this morning. The pickets report that the prevailing opinion is that we have evacuated Port Hudson by our not replying to their fleet.

Inclosed you will find dispatch from picket post on the Amite and Comite.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. WITT,

Colonel, Commanding Olive Branch.

Major T. F. WILLSON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

PICKET RESERVES ON AMITE AND COMITE,

May 11, 1863-9 p. m.

Col. J. L. LOGAN:

DEAR SIR: My scout has just returned from east of the Amite, who informs me that they went as low as Gaines' Ferry, and that there was no enemy to be found in that vicinity and heard of none nearer than Civique's Ferry, where they are in force on the south bank and have a large raft erected in the river. Heard nothing of the party reported to be marching to the railroad. I am of opinion Mr. Long has bee misled be an enemy. I will send a scout to Civique's Ferry early to-morrow morning to return Wednesday. All quiet on my lines.

S. D. RAMSEY,

Captain, Commanding Pickets.

