
strong, and making a large flat for the purpose of crossing the river. The impression there is that they are going to Ponchatoula, and dispatches form there went through by couriers last night via Clinton to Port Hudson. The non-commissioned officer could not destroy one of the flats, the enemy being there. But the officer with two men are waiting behind to destroy it when the enemy leave. A citizen informed me that the river was fordable in many palaces down there. I do not know the correctness of his statement. I am out an additional scout below this morning. I hope to get additional information and keep posted. I have ordered in the two extra couriers at Greensburg and Camp Moore.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

V. L. TERRELL,

Captain.
HEADQUARTERS WILLIAMS' BRIDGE,May 12, 1863 - 3 p. m.

GENERAL: I concentrated my cavalry force as much as possible, leaving all outposts properly guarded, making in all about 300 effective; and with the cavalry and a section of Robert's marched to this place last night, arriving at 3 o'clock this morning, for the purpose of cutting off the enemy's cavalry or striking him a blow in any direction that might present itself.

Since my arrival I find that Captain Terrell, commanding pickets at this place, has been furnishing information not reliable, based entirely upon rumor. My scouts report that the enemy's cavalry are not nor never have been making any demonstrations indicating an advance up the Amite River, as stated in Captain Terrell's dispatches. I will therefore return with the command to-night to olive Branch.

All the information I can obtain of the enemy's advance in the direction of Ponchatoula is that they have some kind of a command at Civique's Ferry, and are building a flat or raft, supposed to be for the purpose of crossing the river.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. L. LOGAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

[General GARDNER.

MAY 13, 1863.- Reconnaissance from Baton Rouge, La.

Report of Col. N. A. M. Dudley, Thirtieth Massachusetts Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Camp on Merritt's Plantation, May 13, 1863.

CAPTAIn: I have the honor to submit the following report, a detailed account of the movements of the troops of this command to-day, in compliance with instructions from the major-general commanding at baton Rouge:

Col. B. H. Grierson, commanding the Sixth and Seventh Illinois Cavalry, started with his command from camp at this point at 5 o'clock this morning, followed by the Second Louisiana Volunteers, four pieces of Arnold's battery, Colonel Paine; Thirtieth Massachusetts Volunteers,

