
though -- -- argument in favor of the cotton-burning mob, is hereby surprised. No publication of any description will issue from that office until further orders.

II. The New Orleans Delta newspaper, having in an article of to-day's issue discussed the cotton question in a manner which violates the terms of the proclamation of 1st of May instant from tense headquarters, the office of that paper will be taken possession of and its business conducted under the direction of the United States authorities.

By command of Major-General Butler:

GEO. C. STRONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 16, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Since my dispatch of May 8* I received information that a large amount of specie was concealed in the liquor store of one AmCouturee, who claims to be consul for the Netherlands.+

* * * * * * *

The necessity having now passed which led me to allow the temporary use of Confederate notes, I have ordered them surprise in ten days from to-day. Please see General Orders, No. 29, to that effect. I beg leave to call your attention to the subject of opening the fort of New Orleans. No measure could tend more to change the entire feelings and relations of the people here than this. If not opened to foreign ships and ports, why not with the Northern ports? Have we not a right as against aliens to carry our own products from one part of our own country to the other?

Nothing has tended so much to the quiet acquiescence of the well-disposed people here to the rule of the United States as the opening, which I have done, of postal facilities North and with Europe, under proper restrictions. It was a measure which seemed to me so essential and so relieved the mercantile portion of the community that I have allowed it, and shall so do until further orders from the Department.

Upon the same ground I have the honor to urge the opening of the port of New Orleans at least to the limited extent above mentioned. As a question of the supply of food it is vital. A different state of things exists here from every other point taken before during the war, with the exception of Baltimore. Here is a community, large and wealthy, living and substantially quietly submitting to, if they all do not relish.

We need products; they need ours. If we wish to bind them to us more strongly than can be done by the bayonet, let them again feel the beneficence of the United States Government as they have seen and are now feeling its power. Specially will this affect favorably the numerous and honestly conducting foreign residents residing here. How does this city now differ from baltimore in June last, save that it is occupied by a smaller force and is more orderly? In the matter of trade, important and exportation, I cannot distinguish the two.

---------------

* See Series I, Vol. VI, p. 506.

+ For portion of letter omitted, and which relates to seizure of the specie referred to and complications with other consult, see inclosures to letter from the Secretary of State to Hon. Reverdy Johnson, June 10, 1862, Series III, Vol. II.

---------------

