
The commanding general therefore excepts the Seventh Vermont from General Orders, No. 57, and will not permit their colors to be inscribed with a name which could bring to its officers and men no proud thought.

It is further ordered that the colors of that regiment be not borne by them until such time as they shall have earned the right to them, and the earliest opportunity will be given this regiment to show whether they are worthy descendants of those who fought beside Allen and with Starke at Bennington.

The men of the Ninth Connecticut, who were detailed to man Nims' battery, deserve special commendation.

The Fourteenth Maine Volunteers have credit for their gallant conduct throughout the day.

Colonel Nickerson deserves well of this country, not more for his daring and cool courage displayed on the field when his horse was killed from under him, but for his skill, energy and perseverance in bringing his men in such a state of discipline as to enable them to execute most difficult maneuvers under fire with steadiness and efficiency. His regiment behaved admirably.

Nims' battery, Second Massachusetts, under command of Lieutenant Trull, its captain being confined by sickness; Everett's battery, Sixth Massachusetts under command of Lieutenant Carruth, who fought his battery admirably; Manning's battery, Fourth Massachusetts and a section of a battery taken by the Twenty-first Indiana from the enemy and attached to that regiment, under command of Lieutenant J. H. Brown, are honorably mentioned for the efficiency and skill with which they were served. The heaps of dead and dying within their range attested the fatal accuracy of their fire.

The Sixth Michigan fought rather by detachments than as a regiment, but deserves the fullest commendation for the gallant behavior of its officers and men. Companies A, B, and F, under command of Captain Corden, receive especial mention for the coolness and courage with which they supported and retook Brown's battery, routing the Fourth Louisiana and capturing their colors, which the regiment has leave to send to its native State.

Colonel Dudley, Thirtieth Massachusetts Volunteers, has credit for the conduct of the right wing under his command. The Thirtieth Massachusetts was promptly brought into action by Major Whittemore, and held its position with steadiness and success.

To the Twenty-first Indiana a high meed of praise is awarded. "Honor to whom honor is due." Deprived of the services of their brave colonel, suffering under wounds previously received, who essayed twice to join his regiment in the fight but fell from his horse from weakness; with every field officer wounded and borne from the field; its adjutant, the gallant Latham, killed; seeing their general fall while uttering his last known words on earth, "Indianians, your field officers are all killed; I will lead you", still this brave corps fought on without a thought of defeat. Lieutenant-Colonel Keith was everywhere cheering on his men and directing their movements, and even after his very severe wound gave them advice and assistance. Major Hays, while sustaining the very charge of the enemy, wounded early in the action, showed himself worthy of his regiment.

The Ninth Connecticut and Fourth Wisconsin Regiments, being posted in reserve were not brought into action, but held their position. Col. T. W. Cahill, Ninth Connecticut on whom the command devolved by the death of the lamented Williams, prosecuted the engagement to

