
9 - II.

1; 24-pounder howitzer; G; inches; G; no cracks; no shell-holes.

9 - III.

0-0-0; 5 inch; G; no cracks; no shell-holes.

9 - Iv.

1;24-pounder howitzer; G; 2 inches; G; one crack through embrasure and ventilator and one opposite through rear of casemate; one shell-hole through crown of arch about 3 feet by 4 feet and nearly over howitzer.

Retaining wall on parade at 10 is knocked down. In the fort are one 6-pounder field gun and one 12-pounder field howitzer.

In the battery east of the fort are five guns, one circle, and one mortar, in the following order, running from the fort eastward: Two 32-pounders, rifled; one 10-inch columbiad (C. S. A.); one 8-inch columbiad; one columbiad circle; one 8-inch columbiad in angle; one 10-inch sea-coast mortar.

The shell-holes have been so filled in with sand bags and earth that it is impossible to tell accurately how many shell fell inside the fort. Those which struck the thin (20-inch) wall of the citadel went through; four or five struck the lower wall (4 feet), and made the usual hole if some 18 inches deep. The masonry of then plank casemate was not covered by earth. A blind casemate on I, not known to exist, was opened by a shell. The ramps are in good condition. The shot furnaces, except the one in the northwest covered way, are destroyed. The gun casemates shake badly on the discharge of the barbette guns. The joints of the pieces show that the sharp ends have settled. I do not know whether the cracks in the arches parallel to the scarp noted above existed before the bombardment or not. If not, the strain caused by the settling probably did, and the vibration of the discharges opened them. I think this mischief was increased by the exposition of shells in the ditch under the foundations. The effect of the shells of the masonry seems to be confined to the vicinity of the impact. A traverse was put up at the right end of 3, and the second and eighth guns in barbette on this face dismounted; also one on 9; and an 8-inch siege howitzer in the northwest covered way. The second gun on 5 in barbette was a 7-inch rifled gun, with a jacket around the breech like Parrott's, and throwing a 108-pound shell. It is similar to a broken gun in the lower battery of Fort Saint Philip. Its carriage was something like our columbiad carriages, but with a peculiar elevating apparatus. Another platform, evidently for a similar gun, was constructed by its side.

Many of the flank howitzers and some of the barbette guns were left loaded with shell fuse end in. Whether this arose from accident or design, it must have been advantageous to our side. The more the forts is examined the more the conviction grows that it was not desperately or even faithfully defended, and that its present efficiently is considerable.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN C. PALFREY,

First Lieutenant, United States Engineers.

28 R R - VOL XV

