
[Inclosure No. 3.]

Fort Saint Philip.

This fort sustained the following damage before its surrender:

In the western battery two guns dismounted, one of them being broken by a round shot. On covered way opposite face 8 a 13-inch mortar broke its own carriage and was dismounted.

In eastern or lower battery a 7-inch rifled gun burst or was broken. Into places the retaining wall of the exterior slope was damaged by shells; also there are several holes made by shells in the parade terre plains and parapets.

The fort is as efficient as before the attack. Its armament is as follows, viz: On face 8, running from 7, are two 8-inch columbiads, one columbiad platform without rails, one 8-inch columbiad, one columbiad, one columbiad platform complete.

On salient 15-16 is one 24-pounder. Own covered-way face 10 are one 8-inch and one 10-inch siege mortar on beds and platforms all in good condition. On covered-way face 8 is one 13-inch sea-coast mortar with broken carriage and good platform. This is iron.

In the upper battery, starting at the fort running west along the river face, are one circle, eight 24-pounder guns: one circle, two 24-pounders; one circle, three 24-pounders; one circle (with its carriage broken by shot), one 24-pounder; one circle, one 24-pounder; one circle (gun broken by ball and carriage gone) (in angle), one 24-pounder; (on end running northwest three circles; (on return running northeast) three circles; making sixteen 24-pounder and provision for twelve more.

In the lower battery, running northeast form fort, are five circles, nine 32-pounder, six 42-pounders, one 7-inch rifled gun (broken) (in angle), one 80 inch columbiad (on end); one circle, two 24-pounders (in angle); one circle (on return), two 24-pounders; making one broken gun, twenty guns, and provision for seven more.

In another battery still farther northeast are four heavy 10-inch mortars in good order, with a shelter by them.

The broken rifle gun in the northeast battery no doubt burst. It is an old 42-pounder gun with a jacket shrunk on. Its marks are U. S., W. P. F., 1837, No. 56.

The 108-pounder rifle at Fort Jackson has a similar jacket, but a plain tapering reinforce and chase, without chase-ring or swell of muzzle.

Respectfully submitted.

JOGN C. PALFREY,

First Lieutenant, United States Engineers.

In this fort were one 6-pounder gun and one 12-pounder and one 24-pounder field howitzer.

[Inclosure No. 4.]

FORT SAINT PHILIP, LA., May 14, 1862.

Col. E. F. JONES,

Twenty-sixth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, Comdg.:

COLONEL: In compliance with your orders I have examined Fort Jackson with a view to its efficiency for defense, and have the honor to transmit herewith a rough sketch of the work, giving the state of its armament after its surrender.

