
its ultimate glorious success and made all proper disposition for a further attack.

Magee's cavalry (Massachusetts), by their unwearied exertions on picket and outpost duty, contributed largely to our success and deserve favorable mention.

The patriotic courage of the following officers and privates, who left the hospitals to fight, is specially commended; Captain H. C. Welles, Company A, Thirtieth Massachusetts; Captain Eugene Kelty, Company I, Thirtieth Massachusetts; First Lieutenant C. A. R. Dimon, adjutant Thirtieth Massachusetts; Second Lieutenant Frederick M. Norcross, Company G, Thirtieth Massachusetts; Third Lieutenant William B. Allyn, Sixth Massachusetts Battery; Second Lieutenant Taylor, Fourth Massachusetts Battery; Sergeant Cheever, Ninth Connecticut; Private Tyler, Ninth Connecticut.*

The following have honorable mention:

Lieutenant H. H. Elliott, acting assistant adjutant-general to General Williams for his coolness and intrepidity in action and the promptness with which he fulfilled his duties.

Lieutenant J. F. Tenney, quartermaster of Thirtieth Massachusetts, who fell severely wounded while acting aide to General Williams.

Lieutenant W. G. Howe, of Company A, Thirtieth Massachusetts, acting aide to Colonel Dudley, dangerously wounded in five places before he quit the field.

Lieutenant C. A. R. Dimon, adjutant Thirtieth Massachusetts, acting aide to Colonel Dudley, behaved most gallantly.

Lieutenant Frederick M. Norcross, Thirtieth Massachusetts, acting aide to Colonel Dudley, for daring courage in the field.

Alfred F. Holt, assistant surgeon, Thirtieth Massachusetts, for humane courage, taking on his back, under a hot fire, the wounded soldiers as they fell.

Lieutenant G. F. Whitcomb, Thirtieth Massachusetts gallantly dashing into the smoke of the enemy's musketry, bringing off a caisson left by Manning's battery.

The gallant officer and admirable soldier Captain Eugene Kelty of Company I, Thirtieth Massachusetts, who was ordered to deploy his brave and active company of Zouaves as skirmishers on the right, and in the performance of this duty fell bravely at their head.

Lieutenant W. H. Gardner, Company K, Thirtieth Massachusetts, who fell wounded severely, but entreated not to be taken from the field until the battle should be ended.

Color-Sergeant Brooks, Company C, Thirtieth Massachusetts and Color-Corporal Rogers, Company K, Thirtieth Massachusetts, who lost his left arm; both behaved admirably during the entire engagement.

Private McKenzie, Company B, Thirtieth Massachusetts, who, though wounded, with the bullet still in his body, remained on duty throughout the engagement and is now at his post.

First Sergt. John P. Haley, Company E, Thirtieth Massachusetts commanded his company bravely and well in the necessary absence of his line officers.

Captain James Grimsley, Company B, Twenty-first Indiana, who commanded the regiment after Colonel Keith was wounded, for his gallant behavior in following up the battle to its complete success.

Adjt. Matthew A. Latham, Twenty-first Indiana, instantly killed while in the act of waving his sword and urging on the men to deeds of valor.

---------------

*Cheever and Tyler belonged to the Second Massachusetts Battery.

---------------

