HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 10, 1862.

General PHELPS:

I commenced to you the bearers of this note, Peter Saure and P. Soniat, gentleman and planters of Jefferson, just above your lines. They will make the statement of facts to you which they have made to me, and which from their characters I am bound to believe. You will see the need of giving them every aid in your power to save and protect the levee, even to returning their own negroes and adding others of need be to their forces.

This is outside of the question of returning negroes. You should send your soldiers, let alone allowing the men who are protecting us all from the Mississippi to have their workmen who are accustomed to this service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 21, 1862.

Brigader-General PHELPS:

Commanding Camp Parapet:

GENERAL: Your provost-marshal did not report to me. He is supposed to have come down to New Orleans, as I found on my table a list of 17 negroes, unsigned, uncertified to, and unknown. While I was attending to other duties the person who brought it went away, so that when I sent for him he could not be found.

I attribute this to his ignorance of duty; you must teach him better.

Send him down with a true list, certified but you, of every person, white or black, remaining, being permitted to remain harbored or in any way within your pickets, not enlisted men or officers of the United States, with a tabular statement of names, when and by whom employed or unemployed, as the case may be, so that the list may give me every person whammy be within your lines.

This is necessary for public service, and needs to be carefully attended to. I desire it by to-morrow's boat. I have sent you the Time and Tide instead of the Diana, which I need for other service.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 23, 1862.

Brigadier-General PHELPS,

Commanding Camp Parapet:

GENERAL: You will cause all unemployed persons, black and white, to be excluded from your lines.

You will not permit either black or white persons to pass your lines, not officers or soldiers or belonging to the Navy of the United States, without a pass from these headquarters, except they are brought in under guard as captured persons with information; these to be examined and detained as prisoners of war if they have been in arms against the United States or dismissed and sent away at once, as the case may be. This does not apply to boats passing up the river without landing within lines.

