
Provisions dealers and market mean re to be allowed to pass in with provisions and their wares, bit not to remain overnight. Persons having had their permanent residence within your lines before the occupation of our troops are not to be considered unemployed persons.

Your officer have reported a large number of servants. Every officer so reported employing servants will have the allowance for servants deducted from his pay roll.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 44. New Orleans, May 26, 1862.

All females, white and black, must be excluded form remaining in any portion of the United States custom- house after the hour of 4 o'clock p. m. or before the hour of 9 a. m.

All persons not officer, soldiers, or clerks in the several departments must have a written pass, signed by the officer or person in charge of the department by whom they are employed, or they will be sent out of the custom-house.

No sential will allow any person without a pass to pass into the custom-house save into the offices of the commanding general, post-office, or of the commissary, or quartermaster, or court-room.

Upon no consideration are such persons to be allowed to pass into any other part of the building.

Colonel Birge is charged with the execution of this order, and will report to the commanding general its through execution at sunset to-day.

By order of Major-General Butler, commanding Department of the Gulf:

R. S. DAVIS,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP PARAPET, LA., May 27, 1862.

Captain PAGE,

Thirty-first Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers:

By the Diana this evening a number of negroes, mostly men, some women and children, are sent up to you for the purpose of being set at work of the levee or such other works as there may be to do under your guidance or that of the officer in charge of the work.

You will cause a roster or list to be made of them their names, that of their owners, the amount of their labor, and of any other matter concerning them that ought to be known at headquarters; and you will communicate with general headquarters for any instructions relating to them.

By order of Major-General Butler:

P. HAGGERTY,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

