HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 27, 1862.

Captain HAGGERTY, Aide-de-camp:

You will got to Camp Parapet and call on General Phelps. Take a copy of the order referred to in Captain Page's letter, which was left with General Phelps. Make a through examination of Camp Parapet. See that that order if fully enforced. Call on General Phelps to have it done. Report to me the number of negroes in that camp. Cause all women and children, both white and black, who had not their homes within our lines before the occupation of our forces, except wives of officers and soldiers, to be excluded therefrom.

You will report to me whether the letter of instruction of May 23 to General Phelps has been complied with and see that the same is done.

By order of Major-General Butler, commanding Department of the Gulf.

SAINT JAMES HOSPITAL, May 27, 1862.

Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: It affords me pleasure to report to you the state of health of the Federal troops since their landing in Ne Orleans on the 1st instant.

Agreeably to your orders this general hospital was immediately opened for the reception of all who by sickness or casualties had been or would be disabled from the performance of duty. Since that time the admissions to the hospital have been 546, and the deaths from among that number up to to-day (including 2, 1 of whom was assassinated in the street, and 1 who died from accidental strangulation) amount to 13. Eleven deaths from disease occurring in this general hospital for your whole department here is a condition of health as gratifying as it was unexpected.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Robt. K. Smith,

Surgeon in Charge.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 32. New Orleans, May 27, 1862.

No officer or soldier is permitted to take the property of any citizen, to sut up any house or place of business, without a special order from the provost judge, provost-marshall, quartermaster, military commandant, or from these headquarters.

Any citizen whose property is taken or annoyed in this property or arrested by any officer or soldier in contravention to this order will at once report to theses headquarters, where he will have redress.

All taking of property by officers or soldiers for their private use is plunder, and will be punishment as such.

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

