SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 45. New Orleans, May 27, 1862.

All persons, black or white, not officer or soldiers or belonging to the Navy of the United States or labores actually employed by the United States or its officers, and all woman and children not wives of labores actually employed in the service of the United States or having their homes there before the occupation of our troops or confined as prisoners, will be forthwith excluded from Forts Jackson and Saint Philip and the Quarantine Grounds.

All persons not officers, soldiers, or clerks in the several departments, and prisoners, must have a written pass, signed by the officer or person in charge of the department by whom they are employed, or they will be sent out of Forts Jackson and Saint Philip or the Quarantine Grounds, without the permission of the commanding officer there or from these headquarters or passes as above mentioned. Upon no consideration are such persons to be allowed to pass into any part of the lines held by our troops at the above places.

Col. E. F. Jones, commanding the post, is charged with the execution of this order.

By command of Major General B. F. Butler, commanding Department of the Gulf:

R. S. DAVIS,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

New Orleans, May 28, 1862.

Brigadier General J. W. PHELPS, U. S. A.,

Commanding Forces at camp Parapet, La.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to call your attention to the following communication and the facts therein set forth:

KENNER, (16 miles above New Orleans), May 27, 1862.

Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

SIR: From orders issued to me on May 23 I understood that I was ordered here to prevent the commission of excesses either on the part of soldiers or labores. This, sir, I shall find impossible to do if soldiers from Camp Parapet are allowed to range the country, insult the planters, and entire negroes away from their plantations, and I regret I must report this conduct on the part of soldiers from that camp.

* * * * * * *

If on any the plantations here a negro is punished when he most deserves it, the fact becoming known at General Phelps' camp, a party of soldiers are sent immediately to liberate them and with orders to bring them to camp. A negro convicted of barn-burning, and afterward riotous conduct on the plantation of Mrs. Butler Kenner (a lady who has from you a safeguard, and by which all officers and soldiers are commanded to respect her property and to afford her every protection), was confined in the stocks, that he might at the first opportunity be sent to the city for trial, was [released] by a command of soldiers sent by General Phelps, and afterward taken to the camp. Yesterday an out-building on Mrs. Fendeair's planation was broken open by theses oldies, and 3 negroes, confined there overnight, taken out and carried to the camp, notwithstanding the presence of the owners, who protested against the act as one contrary to all orders. The soldiers also broke into the house and stole therefrom silver spoons, dresses, and other articles. * * *

While, sir, such acts are permitted it is utterly impossible to call upon the negroes for any labor, as they say they have only to go to the fort to be free, and are therefore very insolent to their masters. If these men could be returned we should need no white men on the levee, and much expense might be saved the Government. I have now posted sentinels to prevent any more negroes leaving, and shall continue that

