
dead men had been thrown, and compelled the most prominent of them to disinter their bodies and carefully deposit them in the coffins they had provided in presence of the battalion. The funeral procession was then formed and the remains conveyed to the burial place of the Catholic church, where with appropriate religious ceremonies, preformed by Captain Rose and with the honors of war, their coffins enshrouded with the flag of their country, we solemnly committed them to the earth. In the mean time, assisted by the officers under my command, no possible means were spared to ferret out the guilty. Failing to obtain satisfactory information from any of the citizens of the murderer and their whereabouts, and satisfied that they were known and their place of concealment purposely withheld form me, I determined to hold them personally responsible for the outrages committed, and therefore prepared a proclamation, marked C, and made every necessary arrangement to carry its provisions into effect. The evidence of my intention being made apparent I was sent for by the prisoners and informed that they had concluded to furnish all the information in their possession and render all the assistance in their power, joined with the efforts of their friends, to discover, secure, and bring to punishment those directly implicated in the crime. They gave me the following as the most prominent of the guilty paris (all of whom had fled from town and vicinity before our arrival), viz: Albert Wood, lawyer and editor of the Houma Ceres; Morelle, formerly a lieutenant in the rebel army; E. N. Dutrail, deputy parish clerk; B. Cooper, blacksmith; Gilbert Hatch, son of a planter; D. W. Crewell, carpenter (working on planation of Connelly); Edwards, overseer (on Connelly's plantation) Howard Bond, a lad, brother of Howard, and both living with their father, a wealthy planter near Houman, overseer on Bond's plantation; F. Gatewood, living on plantation 8 miles from Houma; Doc. J. L. Jennings, Houma; William H. Hornsby, son of S. H. Hornsby, grocer in Houma (the letter being also indirectly implicated). These, together with other parties un known, were the active participants, so far as the people of Houma could determine, in the tragic events above related. Jennings, Wood, Morelle, and the Bonds appear to have been the moving spirits; Jennings was the chief of those who robbed and abused the bodies of the dead. He it was, and Howard Bond, who sent 3 boys on the night of the murder 2 miles on the road from Houma to Terre Bonne Station to burn a bridge over a bayou on Larette' plantation, to delay, and if possible by Mr. Larette. Howard Bond then attempt to destroy the bridge himself, but was also prevented by Mr. Larette. The boys sent on this errand were a brother of Howard Bond, William Hornsby (whom I arrested), and a lad whose name was not obtained. It was averred as a reason for sending these boys that should they be arrested their youth would protect them form punishment. Col. J. B. Robinson, though not engaged in the killing of our men, too an active part on the day of the murder in inciting parties to go in pursuit of Colonel McMillan's force.

Having learned these facts and that the parties named had fled and some of them were still secreted in the neighborhood, detachments of men under efficient officers were sent out to scour the surrounding country in search of the fugitives. Those detachments were out both day and night, accompanied by one or more of the prisoners and other citizens acquainted with the neighborhood and who volunteered their aid. It having been ascertained that Jennoings had taken refuge in the house of G. F. Connely, that place was visited by a detachment

