
The property of Crewell, consisting of a light one horse wagon, chests of carpenter tools, was seized upon.

The personal property of A. S. Hornsby (groceries), of which there wa but little, was either taken and used or destroyed. The other guilty parties escaped all punishment, as they possessed no property which could be seized or destroyed.

It is h ere worthy of remark that a number of citizens, before we left the town, assigned as their reason for withholding form us information in their possession when first demanded that their own lives and property would be endangered by the parties implicated by their so doing, and some of hem even requested that troops should remain there of their protection. I caused the national flag to be planted upon the top of the court-house, in presence of the battalion and large number of citizens, assuring the latter that it must there remain, under penalty of the destruction of the town in case of its removal. They were also warned of the terrible consequences that would result from any further disturbance of the graves of the murdered soldiers.

Finding a number of the inhabitants in a poor and suffering condition, we furnished them with food during our stay, and left on our departure enough cattle and other provisions to supply their immediate wants.

On the 15th instant Captain Slatton, in command of the launch which was to have pursued with a view to the capture of Colonel McMillan, voluntarily came in and surrendered himself a prisoner of war, declaring that he had been deserted by the men who had pledged themselves to sustain him.

Before leaving Houma I made a demand of $200 upon the treasure of the parish ot pay certain expenses attending the expedition, which was which was promptly handed over in Confederate notes, and was by me paid out ot the parties to whom it was due.

About noon of Saturday, the 17th instant, we took up our line of march from Houma to Terre Bonne Station, reaching the last-named palace at 3 o'clock p. m. Here we found in waiting aa train of c are, in which we proceeded to Algiers, leaving behind Lieuts. T. D. Bryant which we proceeded to Algiers, leaving behind Lieuts. T. D. Bryant and J. W. Connelly, with a detachment of men, in charge of the captured property, with orders to follow on the next train, which they did on the following day and delivered over the property left int heir charge. This property consisted in the main 85 mules, 61 head of cattle, 8 horses, 43 sheep, 6 wagons, 2 carts, 1 spring-wagon, and 2 carriages, with other articles, all of which were turned over to Lieutenant W. S. Hinkle, quartermaster of Twenty-first Regiment Indiana Volunteers. I brought with me as prisoners the following-named residents of Houma and vicinity, all of whom were promptly handed over to the proper authorities, namely: Lieutenant-Colonel Minor, Captain Slatton, Recorder De Laporte, Sheriff Larette, Dr. Helmick, Captain Gayne, messrs. Ernest, Guano, Larette, Wright, Delaspit, Gentre, Hornsby, and one other.

To Captains Roy, Rose, Skelton, and McLaflin, and to Lieutenants Carruth, Bryant, Edmiston, Connelly, and Brown I am especially indebted from the promptness and efficiency with which my orders were executed. Lieutenant McAfee also deserves favorable mention. The regular surgeon of the regiment being required to remain in charge of the hospital at Algiers, Dr. John H. Gigon, of that place, volunteered to accompany the expedition, whose services to the sick, which were greatly needed, were promptly rendered, and in so effective a manner

