
Sergeant Cheever and Privates Tyler, Shields, and Clogston,* of the Ninth Connecticut for the skill and bravery with which they worked one of their guns.

Captain S. W. Sawyer of Company H, Ninth Connecticut for his daring reconnaissance on the morning of the 9th, during which he found and secured three of the enemy's caissons, filled with ammunition.

By command of Major-General Butler:

WM. H. WIEGEL,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., September 14, 1862

Brigadier-General THOMAS, Adjutant-General:

GENERAL; I inclose the somewhat anomalous application of Major Holbrook, commanding the Seventh Regiment Vermont Volunteers, with a copy of the general order complained of.

It will be seen that I only give the result of official reports, so that I do not feel personally touched by the matter or manner of the communication. Of the conduct of Major Holbrook there is no complaint; being field officer of the day of the post, he was not in the action.

If consistent with the rules of the service to inquire into the resume by the commanding general of the events of an action, I should be glad to have it done. For if the regiment has been unjustly treated it could give no one more pleasure than myself to see it righted. As there has been some rivalry of feeling I do not think it would be best to detail a court from the officers of the regiments at Baton Rouge.

I may further say that I suggested to Major Holbrook that he might select his court of inquiry from any of the officers here not of that brigade.

I have the honor to be very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.

EXHIBIT 1.+

CAMP WILLIAMS, LA.

General LORENZO THOMAS, Adjutant-General, Washington:

In justice to the regiment which I have the honor to command, the Seventh Regiment of Vermont Volunteers, I find myself under necessity of calling for an examination into the statements made by the major-general commanding the department in Orders, No. 62 [62 1/2], dated August 15, 1862, which are calculated, in my opinion, to bring unmerited disgrace upon the regiment and the State from which it comes.

I respectfully request that a court of inquiry may be assembled as soon as convenient to investigate and report upon the battle of Baton Rouge and the part taken in that engagement by my regiment, with the view that justice may be done to it and the service.

Regretting exceedingly to find myself impelled to ask for the scrutiny of a victory which should fill all generous hearts only with grati-

---------------

*Cheever, Tyler, and Clogston belonged to the Second Massachusetts Battery.

+For Exhibit 2, see General Orders, No. 62 1/2, p. 42.

---------------

