
keep the city in subjection and protect our left flank above Carrollton. A few gunboats to keep the river clear above us in all that is necessary there, and this is of great importance. We have undoubted information that attempts are at this moment being made to supply Beauregard's army with fresh beef from Alexandria, La., and in this way, viz, via Red, Black, and Tensas Rivers, by land to a point above Vicksburg and then across the river to Corinth.

In the lake there should be one boat (say the Creole) continually at Pass Manchac. This was mentioned at Washington before we started even as of the highest importance. The New London and Calhoun are not the least more than sufficient to keep the lake clear and well blockaded, particularly as the draught of water of the former will often render her unserviceable. I must therefore protect against the removal of the Calhoun from the lake unless she is replaced by another vessel of as light draught of water.

There is no point in the United States which to be held requires such a harmonious co-operation of the land and naval forces as this. This co-operation will be especially necessary when the requisite land forces for the operations at Mobile are withdrawn. I have therefore deemed it my duty to submit this, and I request that a copy of it be furnished the flag-officer. Neither the Mississippi, Pensacola, nor Portsmouth can be used at Mobile on account of their draught of water. They can nowhere be better employed than here. The gunboats employed in scouring the river above us and cutting the lines of supplies and communication of the enemy will undoubtedly soon be relieved by the gunboats under Flag-Officer Foote.

Should the enemy by any success be able to detach a fore sufficient to warrant attempt I have no doubt it would be made. Under the above arrangement of land and naval forces it would be futile. The prize is too important to be endangered in the least degree, and I am perfectly willing to be considered overcautious rather than to have neglected representing this matter in such strong terms.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WEITZEL,

Lieutenant, U. S. Engineers, and Chief Engr. Dept. of the Gulf.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

UNITED STATES STEAMER HARRIET LANE, Mississippi River, April 30, 1862.

SIR: I inclose herewith the capitulation of Forts Jackson and Saint Philip, which surrendered to the mortar flotilla on the 28th day of April, 1862.* I also inclose in a box, forwarded on this occasion, all the flags taken in the two forts, with the original flag hoisted on Fort Saint Philip when the State of Louisiana seceded. Fort Jackson is a perfect wreck. Everything in the shape of a building in and about it was burned up by the mortar shells, and over 1,800 shells fell in the work proper, to say nothing of those which burst over and around it. I devoted but little attention to Fort Saint Philip, knowing that when Jackson fell Saint Philip would follow. The mortar flotilla is still fresh. Trully the backbone of the rebellion is broken. On the 26th of the month I sent six of the mortar schooners to the back of Fort Jackson to block up the bayous and prevent supplies getting in. Three of them drifted over to Fort Livingston, and when they anchored the fort hung

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. VI, p. 544.

---------------

