
out a white flag and surrendered. The Kittatinny, which had been blockading there for some time, sent a boat in advance of the mortar vessels, and reaching the shore first, deprived them of the pleasure of hoisting our flag over what had surrendered to the mortar flotilla. Still the fort is ours and we are satisfied. I am happy to state that officers and crew are well and full of spirits.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

DAVID D. PORTER.

Hon. GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, June 4, 1862.

MILITARY COMMANDING AND CITY COUNCIL OF NEW ORLEANS:

GENERAL SHEPLEY AND GENTLEMEN: Painful necessity compels some action in relation to the unemployed and starving poor of New Orleans. Men willing to labor cannot get work by which to support themselves and families, and are suffering for food. Because of the sins of their betrayers, a worse than the primal curse seems to have fallen upon them. "In the sweat of the face shalt thou eat bread, until thou return unto the ground."

The condition of the streets of the city calls for the promptest action for a greater cleanliness and more perfect sanitary preparations.

To relieve as far as I may be able to do both difficulties, I propose to the city government as follows:

1st. The city shall employ upon the streets, squares, and unoccupied lands in the city a force of men, with proper implements and under competent direction, to the number of 2,000 for at least thirty working days, in putting those places in such condition as with the blessings of Providence shall insure the health as well of the citizens as my troops. The necessary of military operations will detain in the city a larger number of those who commonly leave it during the summer,especially women and children, than are usually resident here during the hot months. Their health must be cared for by you; I will care for my troops. The epidemic so earnestly prayed for by the wicked will hardly sweep away the strong man, although he may be armed, and leave the weaker women and children untouched.

2nd. That each man of this force be paid by the city from its revenues 50 cents per day, and a larger sum for skilled labor, for each day-s labor of ten hours, toward the support of their families, and that in the selection of labors men with families.

3rd. That the United States shall issue to each laborer so employed, for each day's work, a full ration for a soldier, containing over 50 ounces of wholesome food, which, with economy, will support a man and woman. This issue will be fully equal in value, at the present prices of food, to the sum paid by the city.

4th. That proper muster rolls be prepared of these laborers, and details so arranged that only those that labor, with their families, shall be fed from this service.

5th. No paroled soldier or person who has served in the Confederate forces be employed, unless he taken the oath of allegiance to the United States. I shall be glad to arrange the details of this proposal through

