
the aid of Colonel Shaffer, of the quartermaster department, and Colonel Turner, of the subsistence department, as soon as it has been acted on by you.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, June 6, 1862.

General LOVELL,Commanding, &amp;c., Jackson:

GENERAL: The communication by flag of truce under charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Ogden, of your staff, was hundred me this morning. I take leave to assure you that the information upon which Mr. Davis acted was incorrect, the threat unnecessary, as it would have been unheeded had my judgment determined any given course of action necessary and just.

Major Van Benthuysen, an officer in arms, holding a commission against the United States, was arrested by my order for aiding the escape of a scoundrel and spy, who had at the same time been as false to your party as he was to mine and confined in Fort Jackson, and told that, as his offense was not the worst in the rebellion, if he would produce the spy, who I was informed was under his control, he would be released, and so far his offenses condoned. Being afterward assured that the spy had escaped in fact to Richmond, upon Major Van Benthuysen's as I believe, quietly attending his ordinary avocations about the city of New Orleans.

To prevent the necessity of flags of truce containing threats to me hereafter, allow me to add that in no degree will they change the course either of punishment or justice which my judgment may determine.

I have failed to find any other thing in your note which requires reply.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 40. New Orleans, June 6, 1862.

Any person who has in his possession or subject to his control any property of any kind or description whatever of the so-called Confederate States, or who has secreted or concealed or aided in the concealment of such property, who shall not, within three same in writing, at the headquarters of the military commandant in the custom-house, to the assistant military commandant, Godfrey Weitzel, shall be liable to imprisonment and to have his property confiscated.

By command of Major-General Butler:

WM. H. WIEGEL,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

