HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, June 7, 1862.

Brigadier-General PHELPS, U. S. A.,Commanding, &amp;c., at Carrollton, La.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to transcribe and send to you for your information the following extract from a communication received from Captain Page, under date of 6th instant, and to ask you if the facts therein stated are true:

* * * I regret to report that since my last dispatch, and since orders have been issued by you to the contrary, General Phelps has received negroes within his lines, and also allowed them to pass sentinels without passes, when the privilege has been denied to planters. I would report 3 negroes from P. Soniat, 2 from T. Arnault, 1 from Mrs. Beasdanson, 1 from Mr. Terrior, and 5 masters unknown, whom Mr. Lebere noticed passing within the lines without passes.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. HAGGERTY,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 79. New Orleans, June 7, 1862.

The following-named pilots are ordered to report at once to the flag-officer for duty:

Henry A. Ealer, B. F. Litsell, Byron Prewitt, Burdett Paris, James B. Smith, George A. Woods, Isaac C. Cable, Oswald Carter, Charles C. Davidson, Alfred Sanford, I. M. Broadwell, W. C. Youngblood.

These men are not at liberty to refuse, under penalty of arrest and imprisonment.

By order of Major-General Butler:

WM. H. WIEGEL,First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

UNITED STATES STEAMER OCTORARA, New Orleans, June 9, 1862.

GENERAL: The mortar fleet are all here and will proceed up river with all dispatch the moment I can obtain towage. I never like to send a boy on a man's errand, so instated of six mortars I brig nineteen.

I can tow thirteen with what vessels I have, and if any will let me have two tug-boats (say the Landis and Whetmore) I can get up with all before the flag-officer.

You promised me every assistance, and I know you will keep your word. Will you give the order for the captains of the boats to report to me at once?

There is an iron prow here in New Orleans, built for one of the secesh gunboats; I want to put in on the Octorara. Will you give an order for me to get it; also to have it delivered at some wharf where I can hoist it in? It is at McCan & Harrell's iron and brass founder, Fulton street, between Julia and Notre Dame streets.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID D. PORTER.

