HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, La., June 10, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

SIR: In my dispatch of the 1st instant I informed the

Department of my intention to co-operate with the fleet in a demonstration upon Vicksburg. Accordingly dispositions were made and instructions given General Williams under date of June 6, and the troops therein mentioned were put in marching other. A copy of my instructions to General Williams is annexed, marked A.*

All have gone except the Thirty-first Massachusetts. By the news which has come by the late arrivals of the repulse of General Banks and the danger of the capital, now aided by the exaggerated reports of the rout of the forces under General McClellan, the city is so much moved that waking my force here too much might possibly provoke a demonstration which it would be well to avoid. I take leave to assure you, however, that no outward sign of any joy or emulation has been permitted or attempted. I have scarcely 3,500 mein the city fit for duty, and to take away a good regiment would be hazardous.

We are much crippled for river transportation yet, for all supply ships must be towed up the river, and although we have a number of boats, yet we have not been able to get them in such complete repair as we could wish.

The Tennessee naval supply ship got aground about 80 miles above here on her way to Vicksburg, and we have been obliged to send two boats to her salvation. The mortar flotilla requires two more of our best boats to aid them in getting up the steam.

The flotilla is now here, making ready to go up the river. We shall be ready and upon the spot as soon as they are in position If you will look at an extended map of the river it will be seen take a cut-off may be made at the bend and leave Vicksburg 5 miles inland. If the water shall be low enough when we get there I propose to have it done. The river has been so high teat it could be done before, because the whole of the bend is under water.

I have what I believe to be reliable intelligence of the evacuation of Fort Pillow and Memphis on the 1st instant, but that will reach you in an authentic shape long before this dispatch.

I did not execute the six paroled soldiers, according to my order No. 36, for the reason, among others, that, upon the examination of the terms of capitulation given by Captain Porter, of which no copy had been furnished me, and I had not seen the newspaper copy till after the sentence, I was fearful of the legal force of the parole, the officers only having been paroled and they underwriting for the men. I was glad, therefore, to yield to the suggestions of Messrs. Durant and Rozier, gentleman who enjoy the confidence of the community here, and whom you know to be well-disposed to the Union, and to commute the sentence. Copies of the order and correspondence, marked B, C, D, are annexed.

William B. Mumford, who, after the raising of the flag of the United States upon the United States Mint by Flag-Officer Farragut, pulled it down, dragged it through the streets, followed by an excited mob, tore it in shreds, and distributed the pieces among the gamblers, assassins, and murderers, his comrades, was tried, condemned, and executed on Saturday, the 7th instant, and murdered, his comrades, was tried, condemned, and excreted on Saturday, the 7th instant, on the spot where he committed his heinous

---------------

*See reports, p.25.

---------------

30 R R-VOL XV

