
I wish that he might be appointed, with the rank of captain, upon the staff of some other major-general, and then assigned to me for service, for by such indirection must I get the necessary aid for my duties. My staff is much reduced. I have four sick and the rest are overworked. Mr. Kinsman goes home from the bed of sickness, brought on by overexertion, in the hope of removing his health, to return immediately.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure B.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 36. New Orleans, May 31, 1862.

Abraham McLane Daniel Doyle, Edward C. Smith, Patrick Kane, George L. Williams, and William Stanley, all enlisted men in the forces of the supposed Confederate States, captured at the surrender of Forts Saint Philip and Jackson, have violated their parole of honor under which they as prisoners of war were permitted to return to their homes instead of being confined in prison, as have the unfortunates of the United States soldiers, who, falling into the hands of the rebel chiefs, have languished for months in the closest durance.

Warned by their officers that they must not do this thing, they deliberately organized themselves in military array, chose themselves and comrades officers, relying, as they averred, upon premises of prominent citizens of New Orleans for a supply of arms and equipments. They named themselves the Monroe Life Guard, in honor of the mayor of New Orleans.

They conspired together and arranged the manner in which they might force the pickets of the United States and thus join the enemy at Corinth.

Tried before an impartial military commission, fully heard in their defense, these facts appeared beyond doubt or contradiction, and they were convicted.

There is no one pledge more sacred, there is no military offense whose punishment is better defined or more deserved. To this crime but one punishment has cover been assigned by any nation-death.

The sentence has been approved by the commanding general. To the end that all others may take warning, that solemn obligations may be preserved, that war may not loose all honorable ties, that clemency may not be abused, and that justice be done;

It is ordered that Abraham McLane, Daniel Doyle, Edward C. Smith, Patrick kane, George L. Williams, and William Stanley be shot to death, under the direction of the provost-marshal, immediately after reveille, on Wednesday, the 4th day of June next, and for so doing this shall be the provost-marshal's sufficient warrant.

By order of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure G.]

NEW ORLEANS, June 3, 1862.

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding the Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: We have seen the sentence of the six men, Abraham McLane, Daniel Doyle, Edward C. Smith, Patrick Kane, George L.

