
tude and pride, I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. HOLBROOK,

Major, Commanding Seventh Regiment Vermont Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. FIFTH BRIGADE, DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Camp Williams, La., September 2, 1862

Received September 1, 1862, and respectfully forwarded to Adjutant General's Department, Washington, D. C.

N. A. M. DUDLEY,

Acting Brigadier-General.

CAMP PARAPET, LA., September 2, 1862

It is much to be regretted that a regiment in this quarter should be compelled to defend itself against unmerited dishonor from its commanding general as well as against the enemy and extraordinary exposure and disease; but I concur with Major Holbrook in the necessity of an investigation into the facts connected with the battle of Baton Rouge by a court of inquiry with the view of doing justice to the Seventh Vermont Volunteers and to the service.

J. W. PHELPS,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, October 3, 1862

Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER, New Orleans:

GENERAL: Your letter of September 14, inclosing the application of Major W. C. Holbrook for a court of inquiry on the conduct of the Seventh Vermont Volunteers at the battle of Baton Rouge, has been received and referred to the Secretary of War. No officer can at this time be sent to New Orleans to constitute such a court. The course suggested by you in regard to the proposed investigation seems unobjectionable in all respects. You have full authority to adopt it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

MONTPELIER, VT., October 13, 1862

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

I wrote you a few weeks since of the charges of General Butler in his order No. 62 [62 1/2] against the Seventh Vermont Regiment in the battle at Baton Rouge. These charges are believed to be grossly unjust, and have stirred up the people of Vermont. Nothing short of an entirely impartial court of inquiry, to be appointed at and sent on from Washington will satisfy our people. They are brave, loyal, and patriotic to the core, and for that very reason will not quietly sit down under charges which reflect upon the State. May I have assurances that action will be taken at Washington?

FRED'K HOLBROOK,

Governor of Vermont.

