
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 10, 1862.

Major General BENJAMIN F. BULTER,

Commanding, &amp;c., New Orleans:

GENERAL: Your interesting dispatches, announcing the brilliant success of your expedition, as well as those sent by Colonel Deeming and Mr. Bouligny, were duly received. No event during the war has exercised an influence upon the public mind so powerful as the capture and occupation of New Orleans. to you and to the gallant officers and soldiers under your command the Department tenders cordial thanks. Your vigorous and able administration of the government of that city also receives warm commendation. In order to re-establish the authority of the Federal Government over the State of Louisiana and to secure to the people protection until they can establish a civil government consistent with the Constitution of the United States, the President has deemed it expedition to appoint a military governor, as in the States of North Carolina and Tennessee, and observing that Colonel Shepley has been appointed by you mayor of the city of New Orleans, he has been selected for the important office of military governor of Louisiana. His letter of appointment and instructions are inclosed herewith to your care to be delivered to him.

You will please detail a sufficient military force for the purposes of police and governor's guard, and give to his administration such support as circumstances may require.

Your proceedings in relation to the consul of the Netherlands has occasioned a correspondence between the minister of that Government and the Secretary of State, copies whereof aero herewith transmitted to you.* No one can be more sensible than yourself of the necessity of preserving harmonious relations with all foreign Governments; and it is the desire of the President that your action, as well as that of the military governor of Louisiana, shall conform to the views expressed by the Secretary to Baron von Limburg as the policy of this Government toward foreign nations.

The Hon. Reverdy Johnson had been appointed by the State Department as a spiecal agent, to proceed to New Orleans and investigate and report upon the complaints made by foreign consuls against the late military proceedings in their respective cases. He is commended to your king attention, and will of course received from you every facility in performing his official duty.

This Department feels the deepest interest in the safety and success of your command, and all the power of the Government will be exerted for your aid and support. You will please communicate with me as often as may be in your power, and call for whatever assistance may be required.

From the public prints you will learn the success which in every quarter is now attending the Union cause, so that it is needless for me to detail the military operations.

With admiration for your achievements and the utmost confidence on your continued success, I remain, truly, yours,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[JULY 10, 1862.-For Stanton to Shepley, transmitting commission as military governor of Louisiana, and correspondence in relation thereto, see Series III, Vol. II.]

---------------

*To appear in Series III, Vol. II.

---------------

