
transport Saxon, and Stanislaus Roy, of New Orleans, on the night of the 11th of June instant, having forged a pretended authority of the major-general commanding, being armed, in company with other evildisposed persons, under false names and in a pretended uniform of soldiers of the United States, entered the house of a peaceable citizen, No. 93 Toulouse street, about the hour of 11 o'clock in the night-time, and then, in a pretended search for arms and treasonable correspondence, by virtue of such forged authority, plundered said house and stole therefrom $1,885 in current bank notes, one gold watch and chain, and one bosom-pin.

This outrage was reported to the commanding general at 11 o'clock a. m. on this 12th day of June instant, and by his order Clary and Roy were detected and arrested on the same day, and bought before the commanding general at 1 o'clock p. m. of this day, when and where it appeared by uncontrovertible evidence that the facts above stated were true, and all material parts thereof were voluntarily confessed by Clary and Roy.

It further appeared that Clary and Roy had before this occasion visited other houses of peaceable citizens in the night-time and for like purposes and under like false pretenses.,

Brass knuckles, burglar keys, and a portion of the stolen property, and other property stolen force other parties, were found upon the person of Roy and in his lodgings. Whereupon, after a full hearing of the defense of Clary and Roy and due consideration of the evidence, it was ordered by the commanding general that William M. Clary and Stanislaus Roy, for their offenses, be punished by being hanged by the neck until they are dead, and this sentence be executed upon them and each of them between the hours of 8 o'clock a. m. and 12 m. on Monday, the 16th day of June instant, at or near the parish prison, in the city of New Orleans.

The provost-marshall will cause said sentence to be executed, and for so doing this order will be his sufficient warrant.

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Captain and Acting Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 99 New Orleans, June 14, 1862.

The commanding general, desiring to test the vigilance, alertness activity, and efficiency of his troops stationed in the city, unexpectedly caused the assembly to be beaten at half 10 o'clock last evening. The general was much gratified at the prompt manner in which all the troops performed their appropriate duties. In ten minutes every corps had either reported for orders or was on its march to its station. Soldiers, you behavior in New Orleans has been admirable. Notwithstanding the temptations of a great city, so as to present such disciplined efficiency is the highest exhibition of soldierly qualities. You have done more than win a great battle. You have conquered your-selves. You have convinced the people of New Orleans that you are worthy of the flag you bear in triumph. He is more of a coward who yields to his own weakens than he who surrenders to an enemy. Go on as you have begun, true to your New England training and her religious influences, showing the men and women of the South that

