HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, November 15, 1862

His Excellency Governor HOLBROOK, Montpelier, Vt.:

GOVERNOR: I have the pleasure to inclose you a copy of the proceedings of a court of inquiry in the case of the Seventh Vermont Regiment. When the request for such a board was sent to me I informed Major Holbrook, then commanding, that I would order the court and he might choose any officers of my command who were not engaged in the battle to compose the board. For reasons which he judged sufficient he declined the offer, and requested that I would forward the papers to Washington, which I did.

The major-general commanding was kind enough to approve my action, but informed me that no officers could be detailed from Washington to compose the court. I then renewed my offer to the commander of the Seventh Vermont, and he selected the officers who composed the board. I added as recorder a gentleman of considerable legal experience, who was not even present in the department at the time of the matter. The result is before you. I trust that when you read the proceedings of the court of inquiry you will see that no injustice has been done to the regiment which has not been repaired [save] in the single particular of its colors.

I shall rely upon to see that justice is done to me in the premises, knowing your high sense of right and honor.

I have, dear Governor, the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

City of New Orleans, October 23, 1862

Pursuant to special orders from department headquarters, viz:
SPECIAL ORDERS,HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 462. New Orleans, October 21, 1862

A board of inquiry, consisting of the following officers; Col. H. C. Deming, president; Col. J. W. Turner, Lieutenant Col. A. B. Farr,Lieutenant W. L. G. Greene, recorder is ordered to examine and report upon the facts and circumstances relative to the condition as to discipline and efficiency of the Seventh Regiment Vermont Volunteers at the time of the battle of Baton Rouge and the conduct of the officers and men in that action.

By order of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

* * * * *

DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

New Orleans, November 3, 1862

The board met pursuant to adjournment. Present, all the members.

The board, having fully weighed and considered the evidence, report as follows:

It appears from the evidence that when the Seventh Regiment Vermont Volunteers was called upon to participate in the battle of Baton Rouge it had been very much reduced in numbers and doubtless in morale by the severities of the campaign at Vicksburg and by long con-

