
Be it further ordered, that all persons ever heretofore citizens of the United States asking or receiving any favor, protection, privilege, passport, or to have money paid them, property or other valuable thing whatever delivered to them, or any benefit of the power of the United States extended to them, except to them, except protection from personal violence, must take and subscribe the oath above specified before their request can be heard or any act done in their favor by any officer of the United States within this department. And for this purpose all persons shall be deemed to have been citizens of the United States who shall have been residents therein for the space of five years and upward, and, if foreign born, shall not have claimed and received and received a protection of their Government, duly signed and registered by the proper officer, more than sixty days previous to the publication of this order. It having come to the knowledge of the commanding general that many persons resident within this department have heretofore been aiding rebellion by furnishing arms and munitions of war, running the blockade, giving information, concealing property, and abetting by other ways the socalled Confederate States, in violation of the laws of neutrality imposed upon them by their sovereigns as well as the laws of the United States, and that a less number are still so engaged, it is therefore ordered and that a less number are still so engaged, it is therefore ordered that all foreigners claiming any of the privileges of American citizens or protection or favor from the Government of the United States (except protection from personal violence) shall previously take and subscribe an oath in the form following:

I, -- --, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that so long as my Government remains at peace with the United States I do not act, or consent that any be done, or conceal any that has been or is about ot be done, that shall aid or comfort any of the enemies or opposes of the United States whatever.

-- --,

Subject of --.

At the city hall, at the provost court, at the provost-marshall's office, and at the several police stations books will be opened and a proper officer will be present to administer the proper oaths to any person desiring to take the same and to witness the subscription of the same by the party taking it. Such officer will furnish to each person so taking and subscribing a certificate in form following:

DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, -- --, 1862.

-- -- has taken and subscribed the oath required by General Orders, No. 41, for a -- of --.

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S . DAVIS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

UNITED STATES FLAG-SHIP HARTFORD, Batton Rouge, La., June 17, 1862.

Major General MANSIFIELD LOVELL,

Commanding Confederate States Troops, Jackson, Miss.:

SIR: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 12th instant, together with its inclosure, in which you are pleased to say that vengeance will be visited upon the women and children of Rodney if our vessels and fired upon from the town. Although I find

