
tory to Mr. Fay; but such operations should not be undertaken without an absolute and overruling necessity.

In regard to military matters, the newspapers give you all the news possessed by the Department in regard to other departments. Jackson's dash at Banks and the affair with an advanced and exposed detachment of Shields' command were serviceable to the enemy only in reviving their spirits and whetting up the edge of their hostility to the Government. It is hoped that General McClellan will make a decided and successful movement upon Richmond very speedily. Buell is advancing on East Tennessee. The news from Memphis you have no doubt heard. Halleck telegraphs that his communication with that city is fully established, and he expects a battle between the rebels and Buell's force near Chattanooga.

Your suggestion in regard to Vicksburg is one of great importance, apparently easy of execution, and would be productive of very important results. If your force is strong enough, or if General Halleck could co-operate with you, there could be no doubt of success.

The possession of New Orleans and cleaning the rebels from the Mississippi, so as to open trade and commerce through that channel with the Gulf, has always appeared to be among the chief points of this war. You have successfully accomplished one, and I hope the other will not be long in its accomplishment.

Your recommendation, of Lieutenant Kinsman will be filled by his appointment on your staff. It will give me pleasure to hear from you often, and you may count with confidence upon the utmost aid of this Department.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., June 23, 1862.

Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,

New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: My dispatch to you of this date omitted to state that you are authorized to nominate the officers of such forces as you may find it necessary to raise, subject to approval by the Department, and also have discretionary power to organize a portion as home guards, if you deem it expedient. That class of troops have been found very embarrassing.

Your suggestions as to a qualified condonation or amnesty will be attentively considered and the President's instructions given speedily as possible.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 23, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Corinth:

If you have not already given your attention to the practicability of making a cut-off in the rear of Vicksburg I beg to direct your attention to that point. It has been represented to the Department to be an undertaking of easy accomplishment, especially under the protection of gunboats. A dispatch to-day received from General Butler

