
this city removed immediately to such place as you may select and to have it piled up there, that it may be turned to such purposes as the defese of the city may require; and you are empowered and commanded to require such wagons as may be pressed into immediate service to transport said cotton to the place or places thus selected, or to pick such steamers as may be in this port for the same service, except those impressed by the commanding general or containing the archives for removal. You are moreover required and commanded to seize and sequester such iron chains as may be found within the city or its environs, and to place them where they may in any time be had and used for the public service. The same in accordance with orders from the provost-marshals of this city.

A. MAZEREAU,

Chairman.

Approved.

PIERRE SOULE,

Provost-Marshal.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL, New Orleans, April 24, 1862.

Col. J. M. Putnam is hereby authorized to take the horse and mules of the railroad company, or any other horses and mules, for the purpose of hauling cotton, as directed within.

A. BROTHER,

Assistant Provost-Marshal.

The same order as above is granted as to the horses and mules belonging to city railroads or wherever to be found.

H. D. OGDEN,

Provost-Marshal.

A true copy. Attest:

New Orleans, June 23, 1862.

A. F. PUFFER.

ORDERS, HDQRS. LOUISIANA M. T., MAJOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. -. New Orleans, April 24, 1862.

Brigadier General A. J. Powell, commanding Third Brigade Louisiana Mounted Troops, will forthwith cause all cotton stored in the various cotton-presses and other places within his brigade to be taken therefrom, rolled out into the streets or other places, removed from any danger to surrounding buildings, and hold himself prepared at a moment's notice to have to have the same committed to the flames and destroyed; and for this purpose he is is hereby authorized to cause to be broken open all presses and places where cotton is stored or to be found.

By order of John L. Lewis, major-general commanding:

G. W. LEWIS,

Aidel.

Brigadier General A. J. POWELL,

Comdg. Third Brigadier Louisiana Mounted Troops.

I hereby solemnly swear that the above order was transmitted by me to the colonels of my brigade on the above date and was executed in accordance with its provisions.

A. J. POWELL,

Brigadier-General, Third Brigade Louisiana M. T.

