
WAR DEPARTMENT, June 24, 1862.

Col. ALFRED W. ELLET,

Commanding Ram Fleet, opposite Memphis:

I regret that your brother's illness deprives the Government of his skillful and gallant services, but have confidence that you will supply his place better than any one else.

You will observe that by his instructions the ram fleet was placed under the general command of the command of the gunboat squadron. The President desires you to consider yourself in the same position, believing that co-operative action will be more likely to produce good results than independent action, and that the commander of the gunboats should have chief command.

I shall be glad to have full and frequent reports from you.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[JUNE 24, 1862.-For Secretary of State to Secretary of War, approving Bulter's action in reference to Mexican consulate, see

Series III, Vol. II.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, June 24, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I notice that Major-General Butler is represented to have required certain oaths from foreigners at New Orleans. Though his general right, pursuant to martial law, to make any exactions which he may been necessary for the peace and safety of the district under his command cannot be questioned, the expediency of requiring oaths from those who do not owe a permanent allegiance to the Government is so doubtful, that I am directed by the President to request you to order him to discontinue that practice for the future and to cancel any such engineers owe temporary allegiance to the authorities wherever they may reside. From this nothing but a treaty stipulation can absolve them. In general, however, it is best to presume that they will observe this allegiance. If, however, they disregard it, the particular acts by which this disregard may be shown are liable to punishment by the civil or, for the maintenance of harmonious relations martial law. If is preferable misconduct on the part of their citizens or subjects within our jurisdiction should not be anticipated, but that its actual development should be awaited. When it shall have occurred, is notorious in particular instances, or shall be susceptible of due proof, their governments can not reasonably complain if the guilty parties are punished in proportion to their offense.

This Department having been officially apprised by the British legation here that Mr. Coppell had been duty appointed acting British consul at New Orleans, I will again thank you to direct General Butler to respect his official acts accordingly. It is be regretted that the gen-

32 R R-VOL XV

