
eral should have deemed it advisable to issue a certain order in consequence of which that gentleman deemed it necessary formally to relinquish his consular functions. He has been requested thought the British legation here to resume them.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

STEAM-RAM MONARCH, Above Vicksburg, June 25 (via Cairo, Ill., 29), 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War Washington, D. C.:

I arrived above Vicksburg yesterday afternoon, and immediately dispatched a party of four young men, who volunteered to carry a communication to Commodore Farragut, viz: Medical Cadet Charles R. Ellet, commanding party; Sergeant E. W. Bartlett; my son, Edward C. Ellet, and W. F. Warren. After a most arduous and dangerous march through swamps and sloughs, in some cases waist-deep, and passing many of the enemy's pickets, they succeed in reaching the fleet and delivering my letter to Commodore Farragut in person, and upon their return brought me the following reply:

I have to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 24th instant, by the hands of your Medical Cadet Ellet. I am highly gratified to find you in this vicinity, as you may render most efficient service by looking after and breaking up the communication between the Yazoo River and Vicksburg. As the young

gentleman informs me that your vessels are not well calculated for attacking the forts, they can be of no use to us in the fight about to take place, and for which I think we are abandonedly strong. If Commodore Davis' iron-clad 718 could be present they would add greatly to the chances of success without much loss of life, which is always desirable in some cases. If you can communicate to him that the affair will come off in a or two you will greatly oblige me. Please accept my thanks for your kindness in making this successful effort to communicate with me, and my high appreciation of the young gentleman's enterprising and daring character in undertaking the service which thus far he has so well.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. G. FARRAGUT,

Flag-Officer, Commanding South Gulf Squadron.

I cannot speak too highly of the courage and good judgment displayed by the four young men who volunteered upon this and most laborious service, which, through all the many difficulties that they encountered, they succeeded in carrying successfully.

I have only to add that from Memphis to this point I have encountered no obstacle. The river was entirely unobstructed. I shall for the present confine my attention to the enemy's gunboats and rams said to be up the Yazoo River, and cut of their communication with Vicksburg. I have apprehensions that I may not be able to get up the river to where they are said to be, but will make the attempt unless the water is too shallow. In conformity with Commodore Farragut's express desire i have communicated his wish to Flag-Officer Davis in a dispatch to-day in his own words. I forwarded the dispatch by tender Dick Fulton.

ALFRED W. ELLET,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Ram Fleet.

