HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, November 6, 1862.

The commanding general has examined with care the findings, proceedings and testimony of the court of inquiry, whereof Col. Henry C. Deming is president, in the matter of the Seventh Regiment Vermont Volunteers, and approves the proceedings and findings.

It is apparent that every conclusion arrived at by the court is supported by the testimony of the witnesses called on behalf of the regiment.

The general is constrained to find that the charge against the regiment of breaking in disorder before the enemy is fully proved. Two-fifths of the regiment never returned to the line of battle after they broke and fled; that the regiment did fire upon the Indiana regiment, and that was the only firing done by the regiment that day, although they held the center of the line, which was most hotly pressed.

The general is glad to find that most of the line officers behaved well and that the official reports which led him to believe that the regimental colors were lost by the regiment were mistakes, and therefore he has pleasure in ordering the colors of the regiment to be restored to the regiment with privilege to carry them, but he cannot order them to be inscribed with the name of the glorious battle of Baton Rouge.

The general doubts not that now, having an officer as commander who will not form them out of sight for shelter in a ravine during an action as did their late lieutenant-colonel, the regiment will in its next action retrieve its position and earn a proud name for itself and State.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 98. New Orleans, November 20, 1862

The commanding genera, upon the finding of the board of inquiry upon the conduct of the Seventh Regiment Vermont Volunteers at the battle of Baton Rouge, learns that he was led into a mistake by the official reports of that action as to the loss by that regiment of its colors, it proving to have been the camp color left in camp and not the regimental color that was brought off the field by the Massachusetts battery. He therefore has pleasure in ordering the regimental colors to be restored to the regiment not doubting that it will in its next action earn for itself a position and name which will be a credit to itself, its State, and country.

By command of Major-General Butler:

GEO. C. STRONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

