
[Inclosure No. 3.]

MONTGOMERY, May 16, 1861.

General TWIGGS, East Pascagoula:

GENERAL: Yours of the 12th instant is just received. I am happy to hear that you are all well.

The reason for stationing troops back from the coast was for water, shade, and instruction. A company detached from the camp would guard the places you allude to and in the same manner as you propose. However, it is not likely that anything will be done. Everything is as slow and difficult to adopt as if we were in profound peace and not the beginning of active war.

Arms are provided to volunteers by the State. I will see General McRae and ask him to get arms for the Pascagoula company.

You ask kame why the staff is not filled up. I can't say, except that Davis don't want me as Quartermaster-General. Washington is assistant adjutant-general with rank of captain. Withers is here in General Cooper's office.

Harney is as black a creature as Lincoln. He is a poor fool, who has begun to write for effect and giving advice to the people of Missouri. He is a veritable traitor, and has joined Lincoln in his crusade against the South. Major Lloyd Beall says Harney told him the most bare-faced lies. The President is going to Richmond in about a week. We will remain here for the present. I mean the executive departments.

Gradually the North is getting around us and penetrating by degrees into Virginia. We shall have some bloody battles before long. J. E. Johnston, just made general, started last night for Harper's Ferry. Every man now is anxious to turn out for the war. I am afraid we are draining too many men from the South and Southwest. Mr. Conrad is insisting on your being assigned to duty.*

* * * * * *

Yours, truly,

A. C. MYERS.

[Inclosure No. 4.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Montgomery, May 22, 1861.

General DAVID E. TWIGGS, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Mr. Davis sent for me yesterday and asked me where you were. I said "At Pascagoula." He thought you were at New Orleans, but continued, " Will General Twiggs accept the command of the forces at New Orleans and the adjacent country?" I replied, "I think he will," and observed that you had telegraphed me to that effect. I then asked what would be tendered you. He said, as he supposed you would not care to serve longer than the period of the war, you would be offered the appointment of provisional general, and as you had declined the appointment of general in the regular army on account of not being able to take the field he could not tender you the same appointment again, as he required the most active men, but did not wish you to misunderstand his offering you the place of provisional general. I hope you will accept, for you will have the same command as if you were lieutenant-general. It cannot be higher. I told Mr. Davis you ought to have a staff officer, and suggested you getting Captain Wash-

---------------

*Some domestic matters omitted.

---------------

