
ington. I distinctly understood that you would be appointed. Mr. Davis said so to me positively. I now trust that your health will allow of your attending to the important duties of the defense of New Orleans, the lake shore, and the islands on the coast between Mobile and New Orleans.

Henry May is out for Congress to run against Winter Davis. I hope Davis will beat him. He is, I think, a degraded man. Like the rest of the North, he thinks the strength is there, and coward-like they hope to subjugate the South and make a name for courage. I never knew a Northern man of gallantry. They pretend to be gallant to women to cover their low designs at producing infamy and ruin. I will quality my remark about Northern men to except McClellan. He is a brave, noble soldier, and will be our most formidable enemy in battle. He commands in Ohio, and will make the attack on Western Virginia if it is means to be real.

I hope this letter will reach you in New Orleans and find you all well.

Yours, truly,

A. C. MYERS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, June 28, [and July 3], 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I am on my return from Baton Rouge, where I have been for the purpose of inspecting the garrison there and ascertaining, if possible, what is the sentiment of the people toward the Government.

The garrison, consisting of two regiments, Twenty-first Indiana and Sixth Michigan Volunteers, with a section of Everett's battery, Sixth Massachusetts, are in fine condition and health, and I believe strong enough to resist a threatened attack by General Van Dorn, who has been put in command of the Department of the Mississippi in place of General Lovell, removed.

I have been agreeably disappointed in the feeling at Baton Rouge. There is a tiredness of the war and a longing for the restoration of the old state of things under the Union which is gratifying. I had a visit from a dozen or more gentlemen of Baton Rouge and vicinity representing some $5,000,000 or $6,000,000 of property, and had conversations with them upon the new system of Partisan Rangers just now inaugurated, i. e., guerrilla warfare. They deprecate it; will do everything possible to discountenance it. They offered to take the oath of allegiance if I required, but assured me they thought they could do more good by abstaining from the oath at the present, because it would be impossible for them to have communication with these partisans if they took the oath and it should be publicly known.

Governor Moore has issued an address more remarkable than any document of the kind ever before perused. I inclose a copy.

AT the same time General Van Dorn has issued his General Orders, No. 1, which recommends that all inhabitants remove 8 miles from the river. I brought before me some of the most violent of the rebels and after calling their attention to the present state of things I proposed to them the oath of allegiance, and after consideration overnight two of them, Mr. Benjamin, brother of the rebel Secretary of War, and Bryan, the mayor of the city, took the oath.

