
above quoted, subjects the holder to grave suspicion. Its receipt is incipient neutrality. The desire to fulfill the condition assumed to be imposed is only disguised indifference to our success. The attempt to fulfill it is treachery to our cause. No man pretend to assimilate this ex-parte declaration of a Federal provost-marshal, to which no assent is made by parade or act, to the parole of honor well recognized in military usage, the observance of which must ever be regarded as a primary duty. Such paroles are given to and received by prisoners on either side that they will not renew their participation in hostilities until exchanged, and by persons sent from without the lines that they will not reveal what their presence has enabled them to see or hear.

Neither the citizens of New Orleans nor those visitors who have gone there since its occupation by the enemy are regarded by him as prisoners of war. If prisoners, it is a manifest duty to feed them, and when permitted to depart from his lines he would require of them a parole to cease hostilities until exchanged.

THE PASSPORTS SHALL NOT BE A SHELTER FROM DUTY.

It has come to my knowledge that some persons have gone to New Orleans voluntarily and without any apparent or avowed purpose to accomplish save the gratification of an idle curiosity, and have since returned with some of these passports. When required to perform militia duty afterward, or accosted by the enrolling officer of conscripts, they present the passport in which a Federal officer has assumed a promise that the holder will not countenance or aid his Government. If any citizen of this State confesses to such a promise he is self-convinced of treason. If such citizen holds himself bound not to countenance his own Government, he must be a traitor to it. He cannot ignore his own Government. If he does not countenance that, he must necessarily recognize the pretensions of those who seek to crush it; nor can he separate one part of the pretended parole from another. He cannot claim that he holds himself bound by the stipulation not to give aide or support tho is Government, and thus avoid military duty, without also confessing to an obligation not to countenance it, which is treason unmasked.

The military officers will be charged with orders on this subject, the rigorous execution of which will be required. The Confederacy and the State recognize but two classes-its friends and its foes.

In this mighty and awful struggle for our sacred rights, for the sanctity of our homes, for the enjoyment of liberty, for the salvation of our country, all considerations of blood or friendship must give way, all apprehension for the safety of property must be disregarded. Obedience to the laws and acquiescence in the policy of the Government will be the cheerful homage that every true man will make. Those who are not true must be deprived of the power to do harm.

SPIES, SALARIED INFORMERS, AND TORIES.

Not the least evil of the consequences flowing from communication by our citizens with the places occupied by the enemy is the facility it afford to spies, who traverse the country through the negligence of officers or the unsuspicious security of the people. These spies communicate with salaried informers, who are to be found in some localities ready to serve any master for gold.

The world has never furnished an instance of a people renouncing

