
but as an uncommon, bad, and dangerous woman, stirring up strife and inciting to riot; and that therefore she be confined at Ship Island, in the State of Mississippi, within proper limits there until further orders, and that she be allowed one female servant, and no more, if she so choose; that one of the houses for hospital purposes be assigned her as quarters and a soldier's ration each day served out to her, with the means of cooking the same, and that no verbal or written communication be allowed with her except through this office, and that she be kept in close confinement until removed to Ship Island.

By order of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 151. June 30, 1862.

Fidel Keller has been found exhibiting a human skeleton in his book-store window in a public place in this city, labeled "Chickahominy" in the populace to be the bones of a Union soldier slain in that battle, in order to bring the authority of the United States and our armies into contempt, and for that purpose had stated to the passers-by that the bones were those of a "Yankee soldier;" whereas, in truth and fact, they the bones purchased some weeks before of a Mexican consul, to whom they were pledged by a medical student:

It is therefore ordered that for this desecration of the dead he be confined at Ship Island for two years at hard labor, and that he be allowed to communicate with no other person on the island except Mrs. Philips, who was been sent there for a like offense. Any written messages may be sent to him through these headquarters.

Upon the order being read to him the said Keller requested that so much of it as associated him with "that woman" might be recalled, which request was therefore reduced to writing by him as follows:

NEW ORLEANS, June 30, 1862.

Mr. Keller desires that that part of the sentence which refers to the communication with Mrs. Philips be stricken out, as he does not wish to have communication with the said Mrs. Philips.

F. KELLER.

Witness:

D. WATERS.

Said request seeming to the commanding general to be reasonable, so much of said order is revoked, and the remainder will be executed.

By order of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 5.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 152. New Orleans, June 30, 1862.

John W. Andrews exhibited a cross, the emblem of the suffering of or blessed Saviour, fashioned for a personal ornament, which he said was made from the bones of a "Yankee soldier," and having shown this too without rebuke in the Louisiana Club, which claims to be composed of chivalric gentlemen:

