
seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinketh no evil, beareth all things, endureth all things, and never faileth."

No one can impute such action to you as evil. I will fill the vacancies in your board, because of the absence and death of some of its members, with such capable persons as may be qualified to aid you, and if you will call upon the medical director, Dr. Bache, he will consult with you as to the best means of carrying on your work.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Messieurs J. N. LEA,

CHARLES JUMONVILLE,

JOHN C. RICKS,

WILLIAM C. BIBB,

Administrators of the Charity Hospital, New Orleans, La.

[Inclosure No. 8.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., July 2, 1862.

Hon. SALMON P. CHASE, Secretary of the Treasury:

SIR: Will be found inclosed herewith minutes of the doings of a commission to inquire into the seizure of the specie of Samuel Smith &amp; Co. The finding is that the case should be sent to the Department for investigation. I should have sent the specie ($50,000) to you, but this remarkable state of things exists:

Two paymasters came down here with $285,000, too little money to pay the troops of this department, some of whom have not been paid for six months, and they and their families are suffering for their just dues, which, for the inefficiency of the Pay Department in not making proper requisitions, has not been furnished them. I shall therefore appropriate this $50,000 toward the payment of the troops left unpaid, one of which is a Western regiment not paid since December, and one a Maine one not paid since October.

I shall borrow of one of the banks here $50,000 more in gold (I cannot get Treasury notes) upon my own credit and pledging the faith of the Government. This I have promised shall be returned in gold in sixty days, with interest at the rate of 6 per cent. per annum, and trust that pledge will be made good, as I shall have to suffer the loss.

I shall also obtain from Adams & Co. here $50,000 in Treasury notes, or thereabout, and by leaving the allotments unpaid here, but to be paid in New York, I shall be able to have the payment completed; but this only pays the March and April payment, leaving two months still due. May I ask therefore that my draft of $25,000 in favor of Adams & Co. be honored, and a future draft, not exceeding in all $50,000, be honored at sight? so that Adams & Co. can send forward remittances to the soldiers' wives, which have been used here to pay others, and that $50,000 in gold be sent me to repay that which I have borrowed.

I would not let my soldiers go longer unpaid. It was injuring the credit of the Government with our foes and breeding sickness and discontent among my men.

Trusting that this action will meet approval in the emergency, I am, most truly, yours,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

33 R R-VOL XV

