
[Inclosure No. 9.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, July 2, 1862.

Mr. ASA S. BLAKE,

Agent Adams Express Company:

SIR: I hereby order you to furnish me with the sum of $25,000 at the earliest possible moment, for which amount I propose to give you a check on the Assistant Treasurer of the United States at New York; this in accordance with the terms proposed to you at our last interview, and I shall hold you for the above amount, as heretofore stated.

Respectfully, yours,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 10.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, July 3, 1862.

W. B. DINSMORE, Esq.,

President Adams Express Company:

DEAR SIR: I have this day compelled Mr. A. S. Blake, your agent, of this city, to furnish me with the sum of $25,000, for which amount I have handed him a check drawn upon the Assistant Treasurer of the United States at New York. He has strongly resisted me in the matter, not wishing to deviate from his instructions and the rules of your company.

Knowing, however, that the matter as proposed and insisted upon by me will not conflict in any way with your interest, and as "necessity knows no law" I have taken such steps in this affair as the occasion and the wants of my troops demand.

Respectfully,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

ABOARD FLAG-BOAT,

Above Vicksburg, June 28, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I have passed the batteries and am now above Vicksburg with the greatest part of my fleet. I drove the men from the batteries but they remained quiet till we passed, and then they up again and raked us. They have some eight regiments, or 10,000 troops, to replenish the batteries and prevent us from landing. Brigadier-General Williams is acting in concert with me, but his force is too small to attempt to land on the Vicksburg side, but he is cutting a ditch across the peninsula to change the course of the river. My orders, general, are to clear the river. This I find impossible without your assistance. Can you aid me in this matter to carry out the peremptory order of the President?* I am satisfied that you will act for the best advantage of the Government in this matter, and shall therefore wait with great anxiety your reply. Lieutenant

---------------

*See Halleck to Farragut, July 3, p. 517.

---------------

