
Colonel Ellet, who has kindly offered to co-operate with me in any way in his power, has also offered to send this dispatch to you.

I remain, with respect, your obedient servant,

D. G. FARRAGUT,

Flag-Officer, Commanding.

CORINTH, MISS., Jule 28, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your telegram of 23rd is received. Five days en route. It is impossible to send to Vicksburg at present, but I will give the matter my full attention as soon as circumstances will permit.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

STEAM-RAM SWITZERLAND,

Above Vicksburg, June 28 (via Memphis, July 2), 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Since my dispatch informing you that I had communicated with Flag-Officer Farragut I have been able to maintain constant intercourse with his fleet through the active energy of General Williams, who holds possession of the neck of land between the two fleets. On the 26th instant I went up the Yazoo River with two rams, the Monarch and Lancaster, the latter under command of Medical Cadet Charles R. Ellet. I proceeded about 65 miles to a point where the river is obstructed by a raft built by the enemy and protected by four guns in battery. My object was to capture or destroy three of the enemy's gunboats that I was informed were lying below the raft-the Van Dorn, Polk, and Livingston. I ran up close under the battery, and was mortified to see the enemy set fire to the boats and start them adrift down upon us. I was obliged to leave the river to escape the conflagration. The three boats were totally destroyed. The enemy did not fire upon us. It is with great pleasure that I announce the arrival of Flag-Officer Farragut, with nine vessels of his fleet, above Vicksburg. They passed up this morning about 5 o'clock through a severe fire from some 30 or 40 of the enemy's guns. Their loss was, as far as reported, 4 men killed and 13 wounded.

Respectfully,

ALFRED W. ELLET,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., June 29, 1862.

Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,

Commanding, &amp;c., New Orleans, La.:

SIR: My last communication to you, intrusted for delivery to Cuthbert Bullitt, esq., then on the point of departing for New Orleans, bore date on the 23rd instant, and since that time I have received your dis-

