
MEMPHIS, TENN., July 2, 1862.

Hon. GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of Navy:

I have arrived at Island No. 76 and am in communication with Flag-Officer Farragut.

C. H. DAVIS,

Flag-Officer.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 47. New Orleans, July 2, 1862.

Commanding officers of posts within this department will only order the sales or free distribution of army provisions in extreme cases of destitution to prevent starvation, and then only in small quantities, the order stating the amount ordered to be sold or distributed. He will immediately report the order, by copy, to the headquarters of the department, and all distributions now being made will on the receipt of this order be so reported.

The commissaries making these distributions will report weekly to their commanding officers the amount of stores issued and the number of persons issued to, with an account of sales, a duplicate of which will be sent to the chief commissary of the department.

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CORINTH, July 3, 1862.

Flag-Officer FARRAGUT,

Commanding U. S. Flotilla in the Mississippi:

The scattered and weakened condition of my forces renders it impossible for me at the present moment to detach any to co-operate with you on Vicksburg.* Probably I shall be able to do so as soon as I can get my troops more concentrated. This may delay the clearing of the river, but its accomplishment will be certain in a few weeks. Allow me to congratulate you on your great successes.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, July 5, 1862.

SENIOR NAVAL OFFICER, Cairo, Ill.:

Please forward the following by special boat:

Flag-Officer D. G. FARRAGUT, off Vicksburg:

As soon as you can spare them from your operations at Vicksburg send twelve mortar-boats and the Octorara, with Commander Porter, to Hampton Roads. Retain the others under Commander Renshaw. Let there be no delay. Answer by telegraph.

GIDEON WELLES.

[JULY 7, 1862.-For Butler to Coppell, acting British consul, see Series III, Vol. II.]

---------------

*See Farragut to Halleck, June 28, p. 514.

---------------

