
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 48. New Orleans, July 9, 1862.

All dividends, interest, coupons, stock certificates, and accrued interest due any or payable by any incorporated or joint-stock company to any citizen of the United States; and any notes, dues, claims, and accounts of any such citizen due from any such company or any private person or company within this department, which have heretofore been retained under any supposed order, authority, act of sequestration garnishee process, or in any way emanating under the supposed Confederate States or the State of Louisiana since the fraudulent ordinance of the lawful owners thereof or their duly authorized agents.

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, July 10, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the dispatches of the Department of June 10 and 23, received on the 7th of July. Being the first that came they were very grateful, and the approval of the Department of my acts was most sustaining. I have forwarded the commission and accompanying papers to Colonel Shepley. Inclosed please find report of General Williams of his operations in conjunction with the fleet up the river, with the sketches, which show what has been done.* Everything is quiet here.

We have rumors of attempts to be made upon Baton Rouge, and I have strengthened the force there by the addition of a regiment and battery, so that they have now there three regiments, twelve pieces of artillery, and a company of cavalry. This large force is sent there rather to relieve the anxieties of the inhabitants than in any belief that it is necessary; besides, it will be a good point to move from, when necessary, toward the interior.

One Castle, a planter, whose property we destroyed and whose habitation we rooted out because he was the leader of a band of guerrillas, and which by his order fired into an unarmed boat of Flag-Officer Farragut, has come in and voluntarily given himself up and asked only amnesty for his life. He is in confinement.

I desire to renew my request for an experienced brigadier-general, such as Lieutenant Weitzel would be if he held that commission.

I am, most truly, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[JULY 11, 1862.-For Butler to Secretary of State, see Series III Vol. II.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 14, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

The Secretary of the Navy desires to know whether you have or

---------------

*See p. 26.

---------------

