
I await an answer, containing an explicit declaration of the intentions of the United States Government respecting these prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., July 16, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: After consultation with Mr. Johnson, whose official position and past services to the country I thought I had a right to call for advices and with the wish of Governor Shepley, I have thought it best that he should go to Washington to represent the needs of this State government, as well as the conditions of affairs in this department.

I look upon the questions to be presented by Governor Shepley, upon which he is fully advised, of my opinions, to be the turning points of the war in the Southwest. Certain it is that some determination of these questions must be reached or they will determine themselves in disaster and ruin to the State of Louisiana.

In the recruiting I am succeeding very well indeed; and while these troops would be proper to lead elsewhere upon the Southern coast, it would be a doubtful experiment to rely upon them solely here.

I think the needs of the service are such that I h ave sent an order to recall General Williams from Vicksburg in expectation of the immediate advance upon that place by General Grant.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER.

[JULY 16-29, 1862.-For correspondence between General Butler and Hon. Reverdy Johnson, special commissioner from the Department of State, see Series III, Vol. II.]

UNITED STATES STEAM-RAM SWITZERLAND,

Above Vicksburg, July 13 (via Memphis, July 16), 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have received from Quartermaster Brooks ten brans field pieces to add to the security of my boat from the attack of the guerrilla bands that are now infesting the banks of the river and to enable us to inflict punishment on such bands when they do attack us. I find it necessary to enable me to man these guns to ask for authority to increase my military force 75 men, and, if consistent with the service, would wish to obtain these men from the Seventh Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry. At present I am keeping my force occupied by occasionally sending a boat to Memphis at the request of Flag-Officer Farragut and Davis, and by reconnaissance up the Yazoo River. Yesterday I found our guns of great service upon one of these trips. I was attacked and fired into by various bands, who scattered and fled before each

