
be done" for the defense of the fort but the thorough drill in artillery of the infantry force now here.

Respectfully, yours,

FRANK S. HESSELTINE,

Lieutenant Col. Thirteenth Me. Regt., Comdg. Fort Jackson.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., July 19, 1862.

Editor of the New Orleans Daily Picayune:

SIR: As an editorial in your issue of this morning, entitled "A warning to intermeddler," contains several misstatements of facts, I am directed by the major-general commanding to make the following statement in regard to the case, with the request that you will give it publicity in your columns:

The young slave girl indicated was enticed into the quarter of an United States officer in direct violation of a general order prohibiting such conduct, and evidently for improper purposes. An attempt was afterward made by another colored woman of questionable character to conceal the young girl. Subsequently the mistress called upon the general, and instead, as you say, of her experiencing some difficulty in obtaining admittance, to him, he went out to her carriage to see her, in consideration of her being ill. Upon learning the particulars of the case, he asked the girl if she was willing to go home to her mistress if well treated there, and upon her expressing such readiness he sent her in charge of an orderly to her old home.

Your statement in relation to the arrest of the chaplain of the regiment is entirely incorrect, as no such arrest was ever made.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. F. PUFFER,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., July 19, 1862.

Brigadier General J. W. PHELPS, Comdg. Forces at Camp Parapet:

GENERAL: Communications have this day been received through you from the Fifteenth Maine Regiment and the Eighth New Hampshire Regiment, of your command, urging the necessity of having fresh beef and vegetables furnished them. With regard to the vegetables, they should be either furnished from the company's fund or, as you suggest, the captains of companies might exchange their salt beef for them. Of course they can be procured fresher and quite as cheap around the camp as in the city. Upon consultation with the chief commissary, Colonel Turner, he says that he will endeavor to send you some head of cattle as soon as possible. It is impossible to furnish your camp with the meat that comes out packed in ice, for it spoils almost immediately after removal from the vessel. There is no doubt but that tent floors are almost indispensable in this climate, but unfortunately we have a very limited supply of lumber until we can procure some from Ship Island and other courses. As soon as any be procured it shall be forwarded to your camp.

By order of Major-General Butler.

I remain, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. DAVIS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

