
away at the first sight of our army. Now they are doing what most benefits the Southern Confederacy, keeping unemployed the largest squadron in the United States Navy, and they will make great capital out of the apparent circumstances that Vicksburg successfully resisted our largest squadron, while other places of superior force fell before the fire of our iron-clads. This is the way they have of keeping up the excitement. I heard that song sung all the way down the river.

Large quantities of cattle are being sent into Alabama to graze, showing that the rebels are looking in that direction for a place of retreat in case they meet with serious reverses. The cattle passed at Bayou Sara were destined for Alabama.

At Bayou Sara they have a 42-pounder 6 miles back from the water I saw some evidence of stores having been landed from the Louisiana shore, but with such heavy tows as my steamers had it was impossible to turn and examine them without great loss of time and interference with the orders governing my present move.

In relation to the matter of stores will you allow me to make a suggestion? One or two vessels employed as a river police (one going down, the other going up), examining all stores landing and looking into suspicious plantations, with roads leading into the interior, would check any disposition on the part of the people about here to supply stores to the enemy. Many of them do it now because they cannot refuse, no precaution being taken to prevent it. A guard on our side would give these people a reasonable excuse for refusing to supply the Confederate, which they are averse to doing. The corn crop is now coming in. Any one who will look at these immense crops, planted along the river to the exclusion of cotton and sugar, must understand its destination. Let the exportation of it into Secessia be restricted and you have put an end to the war. This can be effected by the river police, if they do their duty. The fact is, sir, we should make these people feel our authority here. The scarcely get any protection from us, and our rule is too mild in many cases to inspire that wholesome fear which rebels and traitors always feel when danger is near to them. Therefore in either case we make a weak impression.

* * * * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID D. PORTER,

Commander, U. S. Navy.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., July 30, 1862.

The PRESIDENT:

SIR: I take leave to present you Mr. Roselius, a gentleman of the bar, late attorney-general of the State of Louisiana, a member of the Convention, who did not vote for the secession ordnance. With some others, only he was found faithful when all were faithless. Among the earliest to welcome the Union Army to New Orleans, he has assisted me with his advice and counsel.

Of the one subject which is to be dealt with here and now he is better informed than any man in the State. The question involved, as set forth in my correspondence upon the action of General Phelps, are of the most vital and critical importance. The determination of them cannot be delayed, and it seemed to me of sufficient importance that the President should have the benefit of the experience of one who

