
not expect to stay longer than two or three days, and have consequently made no provision. There is no necessity for my remaining here, but Colonel Paine would not relieve me willingly.

I made an error yesterday in the rebel regiments. They were as follows: The Fourth and Thirtieth Louisiana the Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth and Seventh Kentucky, part of an Alabama, two Tennessee, and two Mississippi regiments, and a large number of guerrillas. We have five caissons and a limber deserted by the enemy about 3 miles from here on their retreat. Everett's battery lost three caissons in their camp, which, like some others, was in advance of the line of battle. A deserter has just told me that General Ruggles was killed; Colonel and Acting Brigadier-General Allen, of the Fourth Louisiana, was shot through both thighs, and Brigadier-General Clark you know we have. A private of the Ninth Connecticut picked up General Breckinridge's sword on the field and has it now. This deserter says he threw it away on the field.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WEITZEL,

Lieutenant U. S. Engineers, Chief Engineer Dept. of the Gulf.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,Baton Rouge, August 8, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with the orders of the colonel commanding this brigade I have the honor to submit the following plan of defense for this place: With the small force in the command I would recommend as follows: That all the forces be drawn within the arsenal grounds and quarter them as much as possible in the various arsenal buildings, and that the following line be then taken as the line of defense: Commencing at the northeast corner, I would follow the crest of the slope on the south of Bayou Gross tot he eastward of the high know in the cemetery; thence to the northeast corner of the wall around the magazine; thence to the southeast corner of this wall; thence in the direction of the hospital to the crest of the slope of the ravine south of the magazine; thence to the fence bordering the road east of the arsenal buildings; thence to the crest of the ravine which runs past the stable to the fence on the north of the hospital ground; thence to North street by a line to clear the hospital grounds; thence along the north side of North street to the river. I would then remove all the powder from the magazine and store it in a dry room as remote as possible from the line and in a bomb-proof place if possible; then cut down every house, tree, fence, &amp;c., within rifle-range of the line. The line should be strengthened at all places where it runs along the crest of a slope by a simple trench with a gentle reverse slope. At all the other parts of the line I would construct abatis with the trees that are cut down and throw up a slight breastwork in rear of abatis. I would pierce the walls of all the buildings with loop-holes. I consider it necessary to retain three gunboats, one to sweep the ground in front of the left flank, one to sweep the ground in front of the right flank, and the other to sweep the ground in front of a line drawn from the hospital to the magazine.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WEITZEL,

Lieutenant, U. S. Engineers, Chief Engineer Dept. of the Gulf.

