
ment of Louisiana Volunteers, National Guards, and two companies of cavalry. I think I shall get two regiments besides, but that is a work of time.

I need re-enforcements very much; without them I cannot co-operate with the Navy against Mobile. Indeed we are threatened with an attack on the city of New Orleans. I am not specially disturbed at that. If it becomes at all imminent I shall call on Africa to intervene, and I do not think I shall call in vain.

I have determined to use the services of free colored men who were organized by the rebels into the Colored Brigade, of which we have heard so much. They are free; they have been used by our enemies, whose mouths are shut, and they will be loyal. I would like an experienced brigadier-general in place of the lamented Williams, and would again press the appointment of Lieutenant Weitzel, of the Engineers.

If I am to have any troops I would prefer New England soldiers, not that they are any better than others, but that I know them better. I would not ask more than 5,000 of the Massachusetts and Connecticut quota.

I have need of more cavalry, in order to hunt our the guerrillas. A regiment, with what I have, would do immense service. May I ask prompt action in regard to the re-enforcements?

More than four months since my ordnance officer made requisition for some ammunition, .54 caliber, and it has not yet come. Our .54 rifles are useless. The invoices have come, but no cartridges.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, August 14, 1862.

Count MEJAN, French Consul:

SIR: Your official note to Lieutenant Weitzel, assistant military commander, has been forwarded to me.

I see no just cause of complaint against the order requiring the arms of private citizens to be delivered up. It is the usual course pursued in cities similarly situated to this, even without any exterior force in the neighborhood.

You will observe that it will not do to trust to mere professions of neutrality. I trust most of your countrymen are in good faith neutral, but it is unfortunately true that some of them are not. This causes the good of necessity to suffer for the acts of the bad.

I take leave to call your attention to the fact that the United States forces gave every immunity to Bomegass, who claimed to be French consul at Baton Rouge; allowed him to keep his arms, and relied upon his neutrality; but his son was taken prisoner on the battle-field in arms against us.

You will also do me that favor to remember that very few of the French subjects here have taken the oath of neutrality, which was offered to but not required of them by my order No. 41, although all the officers of the French Legion had, with your knowledge and assent, taken the oath to support the Constitution of the Confederate States. Thus you see I have no guarantee for the good faith of bad men.

