
I do not understand how it is that arms are altered in their effectiveness by being "personal property;" nor do I see how arms which will serve for personal defense ("qui ne peuvent servir que pour leur defense personelle") cannot be as effectively used for defensive warfare.

Of the disquiet which you say there are signs manifesting themselves among the black population of a desire to break their bonds which bind them to their masters ("certaines dispositions a romper les liens qui les attachment a leurs maitres") I have been a not inattentive observer without wonder, because it would seem natural when their masters had set them the example of rebellion against constituted authorities that the negroes, being an imitative race, should do likewise.

Bu surely the representative of the Emperor, who does not tolerate slavery in France, does not desire his countrymen to be armed for the purpose of preventing the negroes from breaking their bonds.

Let me assure you that the protection of the United States against violence, either by negroes or white men, whether citizens or foreign, will continue to be as perfect as it has been since our advent here, and by far more, manifesting itself at all moments and everywhere ("tous les instants et partour"), than any improvised citizens' organization can do.

Whenever the inhabitants of this city will, by a public and united act, show both their loyalty and neutrality I shall be glad of their aid to keep the peace, and indeed to restore the city to them. Till that time, however, I must required the arms of all the inhabitants, white and black, to be under my control.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,Baton Rouge, August 14, 1862-9 p.m.

R. S. DAVIS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I inclose certain correspondence which has just passed between General Breckinridge and myself. I send it least the exigencies of the approaching fight should knock things endwise and destroy it.

We are all at our arms looking for the foe.

Your obedient servant,

HALBERT E. PAINE,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosures.]
HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD,Near Baton Rouge, August 14, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER FORCES AT BATON ROUGE:

SIR: The object of this communication is to call your attention to acts of outrage recently committed in this part of the Confederate States under the orders of officers of the United States Army and to other acts which I am informed are in contemplation under the same orders.

Many private houses have been wantonly burned; much private property has been taken or destroyed without compensation; many unarmed citizens have been and carried into imprisonment upon false and frivolous pretexts, and information has reached these headquarters that negro slave are being organized and armed to be employed against

