
nothing of which the most fastidious member of Jefferson Davis' house hold political can rightfully complain; and since I find my acts are to be reviewed in the British Parliament, I have done only that which Great Britain has done in the West Indless and on the very ground upon which my Native Guards (colored) are forming.

Inclosed please find a copy of my general order for this purpose.

May I ask the prompt approval of the President of my action in this behalf, as the only drawback to two regiments of these Native Guards (colored) is the fear in their minds that the President will not sustain my action-a story, by the by, which is industriously circulated by the rebels here to prevent the enlistment of these loyal citizens.

The enlistments of white men have succeeded quite to expectations. A regiment (First Louisiana Volunteers) marched to defend the lines at Carrollton to-day a thousand strong, as fine looking a body of men as I have ever seen. More than a thousand others have enlisted in the various regiments to fill the ranks. Besides, I have three companies of cavalry and nearly 500 unattached recruits.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commander-in-Chief U. S. A.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 63. New Orleans, August 22, 1862.

Whereas on the 23rd day of April, in the year 1861, at a public meeting of the free colored population of the city of New Orleans, a military organization known as the Native Guards (colored) had its existence, which military organization was duly and legally enrolled as a part of the militia of the State, its officers being commissioned by Thomas O. Moore, Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the Militia of the State of Louisiana, in the form following; that is to say:

THE STATE OF LOUISIANA.

[Seal of the State.]

By Thomas Overton Moore, Governor of the State of Louisiana and Commander-in-Chief of the Militia thereof.

In the name and by the authority of the State of Louisiana.

Know ye, that * * * having been duly and legally elected captain of the Native Guards (colored), First Division of the Militia of Louisiana, to serve for the term of the war, I do hereby appoint and commission him captain, as aforesaid, to take rank as such from the 2nd day of May, 1861.

He is therefore carefully and diligently to discharge the duties of his office by doing and performing all manner of things thereto belonging, and I do strictly charge and require all officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates under his command to be obedient to his orders as captain; and he is to observe and follow such orders and directions from time to time as he shall receive from me or the future Governor of the State of Louisiana or other superior officers, according to the Rules and Articles of War and in conformity to law.

In testimony whereof I have caused these letters to be made patent and the seal of the State to be hereunto annexed.

Given under my hand at the city of Baton Rouge on the 2nd day of May, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight kindred and sixty-one.

THOMAS O. MOORE.

By the Governor:

P. D. HARDY, Secretary of State.

