
[Inclosure No. 2.]

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS LOUISIANA MILITIA, No. 426. Adjutant-General's Office, March 24, 1862.

I. The Governor and commander-in-chief, relying implicitly upon the loyalty of the free colored population of the city and State for the protection of their homes, their property, and for Southern rights from the pollution of a ruthless invader, and believing that the military organization which existed prior to the 15th of February, 1862, and elicited praise and respect for the patriotic motives which prompted it, should exist for and during the war, calls upon them to maintain their organization, and to hold themselves for such orders as may be transmitted to them.

II. The colonel commanding will report without delay to Major-General Lewis, commanding State Militia.

By order of Thomas O. Moore, Governor:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant-General.

And whereas said military organization by the same order was directed to report to Major-General Lewis for service but did not leave the city of New Orleans when he did:

Now, therefore, the commanding general, believing that a large portion of this militia force of the State of Louisiana are willing to take service in the volunteer forces of the United States and be enrolled and organized to "defend their homes from ruthless invaders," to protect their wives and children and kindred from wrong and outrage, to shield their property from being seized by bad men, and to defend the flag of their native country as their fathers did under Jackson at Chalmette against Pakenham and his myrmidons, carrying the black flag of "Beuty and Booty:"

Appreciating their motives, relying upon their "well-known loyalty and patriotism," and with "praise and respect" for these brave men, it is ordered that al the members of the Native Guards aforesaid and all other free colored citizens recognized by the first and late Governor and authorities of the State of Louisiana as a portion of the militia of the State who shall enlist in the volunteer service of the United States shall be duly organized by the appointment of proper officers, and accepted, paid, equipped, armed, and rationed as are other volunteer troops of the United States, subject to the approval of the President of the United States. All such persons are required at once to report themselves at the Touro Charity building, Front Levee street, New Orleans, where proper officers will muster them into the service of the United States.

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, August 28, 1862.

Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,

Commanding, &amp;c., New Orleans:

GENERAL: The Secretary of State has called the attention of the War Department to complaints of one E. Reilly and others, British subjects, made through the British charge d'affaires, that the provost-marshal of New Orleans has required them to take an oath of neutrality before bringing suits for recovery of property and before receiving passes.* I am directed by the Secretary of War to say to you that oaths are not to be prescribed by us to aliens, nor to be required of our own citizens as conditions of rights or privileges in cases where they are now pre-

---------------

*See Seaward to Stanton, August 20, Series III, Vol. II.

---------------

