
a coal vessel, now lying abreast of the French market, and put her alongside of the steamer Coatazacoalcos, to coal her. I will see Captain Porter and explain to him the necessity of my giving this order.

Very respectfully,

HENRY W. MORRIS,

Captain and Senior Officer.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, La., September 2, 1862.

SANTA MARIA CLARA,Superior and Sister of Charity:

MADAME: I had no information until the reception of your note that so sad a result to the Sisters of your community had happened from the bombardment of Donaldsonville.

I am very, very sorry that Rear-Admiral Farragut was unaware that he was injuring your establishment by his shells. Any injury must have been entirely accidental. The destruction of that town became a necessity. The inhabitants harbored a gang of cowardly guerrillas, who committed every atrocity, amongst others that of firing upon an unarmed boat, crowded with women and children, going up the coast returning to their homes, many of them having been at school in New Orleans.

It is impossible to allow such acts, and I am only sorry that the righteous punishment meted out to them in this instance, as indeed in all others, fell quite as heavily upon the innocent and unoffending as upon the guilty.

No one can appreciate more fully than myself the holy, self-sacrificing labors of the Sisters of Charity. To them our soldiers are daily indebted for the kindest offices. Sisters to all mankind, they know no nation, no kindred, neither war nor peace. Their all-pervading charity is like the boundless love of "Him who died for all," whose servants they are, and whose pure teachings their love illustrates.

I repeat my grief that any harm should have befallen your Society of Sisters, and cheerfully repair it so far as I may, in the manner you suggest, by filling the order you have sent to the city for provisions and medicines.

Your Sisters in the city will also further testify to you that my officers and soldiers have never failed to do to them all in our power to aid them in their usefulness and to lighten the burden of their labors.

With sentiments of the highest respect, believe me, your friend,

BENJ. F. BUTLER.

[SEPTEMBER 2, 10, 11, and 18, 1862.-For communications from the War Department to General Butler, transmitting correspondence received from the Department of State in reference to complications with foreign consuls, &amp;c., see Series III, Vol. II.]

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, September 4, 1862.

TREASURER OF THE CITY OF NEW ORLEANS:

SIR: Inclosed herewith please find $3,182.50, being the amount re-

