
covered by my order from Mr. Pilie, late city surveyor, which was taken from the treasury unjustifiably under the following circumstances:

Messrs. Pilie, father and son, have held the office as city surveyors for forty years or thereabouts. Of course in the execution of the office it was their duty, without other reward than their salaries, to have put upon the city's books all the real property of the city which had come to their knowledge, and this they did do, but Pilie the younger, being about to resign his office on the 1st of June last, because he would not take the oath of allegiance, claimed of the city 5 per cent. commission for property to which he had ascertained the title of the city and put upon his books. This claim covered the time from 1846 to the present.

The finance committee of the government, themselves about to retire for the same reason, being the same men who had wrongfully invested almost one-third of a million of the charity fund of the city intrusted to them, approved that bill, by means whereof this $3,000 was taken out of the city without the knowledge of the acting mayor. This seemed to be part of the last desperate plunge of the hands of unprincipled men in the city treasury, and this amount, as soon as it came to my knowledge, I caused to be disgorged and now return it to you.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, September 9, 1862.

Rear-Admiral D. G. FARRAGUT,Commanding Western Gulf Fleet:

MY DEAR ADMIRAL: A week or two since there were imminent threats of attack upon New Orleans. I believe now that has been put off till about the middle of October, when the iron-clad fleet in the Yazoo will be finished. This my information gives me as the settled plan. The Government should give us one of the new iron-clads to end these hopes of the rebels.

I have now an expedition upriver under convoy of the Mississippi. The Essex is here, not at the mouth of Red River, where she is needed.

I will be able, I think, to aid you at Mobile; at any rate I will see you within the next ten days.

It would be impossible to spare the New London on the lake. I am causing a crew to be enlisted for the Calhoun; we shall need her also to be just as we could be in event of an attack.

My advices are such that I shall quarantine Pensacola no longer, although it was fortunate that I stopped the Rhode Island.

The health of the city is improving. You will hear fearful news from Washington, but I hope not so bad as it looks.

You will be pleased to learn of the promotion of Lieutenant Weitzel to brigadier-general.

Truly, your friend,

BENJ. F. BUTLER.

[SEPTEMBER 10, 1862.-For Butler to Halleck, report in case of Charles Heidsick, see series III, Vol. II.]

