
on board sugar and other merchandise. A few hours after I received positive information that a company of these troops had entered a large mansion, situated near to the landing of the steamer Saint Maurice, had pillaged it in a brutal manner, and carried off wines, liquors, silver plate, and clothing belonging to ladies. I am informed that several of the soldiers were drunk from the use of the liquor and wine thus appropriated. This hosue was inhabited in the morning. During this time the Katahdin was at anchor, with her guns trained upon shore over the Saint Maurice for her protection.

I respectfully request instructions if the guns of the Katahdin are to be used for the protection of soldiers upon a marauding expedition, and if I am to use them in the protection of drunken, undisciplined, and licentious troops in the wanton pillage of a private mansion of wines, plate, silk dresses, and female apparel, to say nothing of the confiscation of sugar, which I believe to be without proper and lawful reasons therefor. I confess, sir, that I blush to report that while the troops of the Saint Maurice were thus engaged in this unsoldierly and ungallant, not to say disgraceful, operation I opened my five upon guerrillas hovering in the rear, apparently occupied in preventing such acts of the United States troops.

I feel quite ready to place the Katahdin and her guns under the fire of an enemy. I am desirous of encountering enemies and of injuring them in every manly manner, but I cannot further prostitute the dignity of my profession, as I conceive I have done to-day, without an earnest and respectful appeal to your authority. It is disgraceful and humiliating to me to be ordered on guard duty of soldiers employed in pillaging ladies' dresses and petticoats, and I respectfully request that I amy be relieved from such service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. A. ROE,

Lieutenant, Commanding.

On the within communication the major-general commanding made the following indorsement:

[Indorsement.]

The acts of the troops in pillaging (if true) are without palliation or excuse; certainly no more to be justified than this improper, bombastic, and ridiculous rhodomontade of a sub-lieutenant of the Navy.

September 13, 1862.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, Pensacola, Fla., September 13, 1862.

Brigadier General LEWIS G. ARNOLD,

United States Volunteers, Pensacola, Fla.:

GENERAL: In obedience to your instructions I submit a report upon the means adopted for the defense of Pensacola, as follows:

Woods and thick undergrowth sweep well up to the town on every side, except where cleared away for our own fire or on the different lines of approach. Generally the line of defense, including the principal portion of the city within its limits, is A-shaped, the flanks resting on the beach east and west and a redoubt at the apex to the north,

