
When Major Tower, Engineer Corps, was ordered hence to Washington soon after the military occupation of this city by the troops under my command, Captain Closson, chief of artillery on my staff, was charged with the additional duties of acting chief engineer. Lieutenant Duer, First Artillery, was detailed as his assistant.

The credit for planning and constructing (under my orders) of the admirable defenses around Pensacola is mainly due to those officers. I feel that I do but imperfect justice to Captain Closson when I compliment him for the ability displayed by him in his plans, arrangements, and construction of these lines of defense, and to Lieutenant Duer for his zeal and intelligence in carrying out the orders of his chief.

L. G. ARNOLD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 71. New Orleans, September 13, 1862.

As in the course of ten days it may become necessary to distinguish the disloyal from the loyal citizens and honest neutral foreigners residing in this department:

It is ordered that each neutral foreigner resident in this department shall present himself, with the evidence of his nationality, to the nearest provost-marshal for registration of himself and his family.

This registration shall include the following particulars:

The country of birth.

The length of time the person has resided within the United States. The names of his family.

The present place of residence, by street, number, or other description.

The occupation.

The date of protection or certificate of nationality, which shall be indorsed by the passport clerk "registered," with date of register.

All false or simulated claims of foreign allegiance by native or naturalized citizens will be severely punished.

By command of Major-General Butler:

GEO. C. STRONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, La., September 14, 1862.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

GENERAL: It will be absolutely essential for the operation of this department this autumn and for the safety of the city, if we are to be attacked through the lake, that we have two or three light-draught steamers fitted to go outside in the sea if necessary and sufficiently shallow to run up the bayous. Beside their capacity for carrying troops, they should carry some guns as a protection, with canister, against the ambush of the guerrillas in the canebrake, and to protect landings. If you will cast your eye upon the map of the part of Louisiana west of the river, and so down to the coast, you will see the perfect net-work of bayous, lakes, rivers, and inlets which cover that

