
Traversing a desert country, that has heretofore been regarded as impracticable for the operations of large bodies of troops, they have reached their destination and accomplished the object assigned them, not only without loss of any kind, but improved in discipline, in morale, and in every other element of efficiency. That patient and cheerful endurance of hardships, the zeal and alacrity with which they have grappled with and overcome obstacles that would have been insurmountable to any but troops of the highest physical and moral energy, the complete abnegation of self, and subordination of every personal consideration to the grand object of our hopes and efforts, give the most absolute assurance of success in any field or against any enemy.

California has reason to be proud of the sons she has sent across the continent to assist in the great struggle in which our country is now engaged.

The commanding general is requested by the officer who preceded him in the command of this department to express for him the gratification felt by every officer and soldier of his command at the fact that troops from the Atlantic and Pacific slope-from the mountains of California and Colorado, acting in the same cause, impelled by the same duties, and animated by the same hope-have met and shaken hands in the center of this great continent.

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

[SEPTEMBER 23, 1862.-For Butler to acting Prussian consul in reference to the ship Essex, see Series III, Vol. II.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 76. New Orleans, September 24, 1862.

All persons, made or female, within this department, of the age of eighteen years or upward, who have ever been citizens of the United States and have not renewed their allegiance before this date to the United States, or who now hold or pretend any allegiance or sympathy with the so called Confederate States, are ordered to report themselves, on or before the 1st day fo October next, to the nearest provost-marshal, with a descriptive list of all their property and rights of property, both real, personal, and mixed, made out and signed by themselves respectively, with the same particularity as for taxation. They shall also report their place of residence by number, street, or other proper description, and their occupation, which registry shall be signed by themselves, and each shall receive a certificate from the marshal of registration as claiming to be an enemy of the United States.

Any persons of those described in this order neglecting so to register themselves shall be subject to fine or imprisonment at hard labor or both, and all his or her property confiscated by order as punishment for such neglect.

On the 1st day of October next every householder shall return to the provost-marshal nearest him a list of each inmate of his or her house of the age of eighteen years and upward, which list shall contain the following particulars: The name, sex, age, and occupation of each inmate; whether a registered alien, one who has taken the oath of allegiance to the United States, a registered enemy of the United States, or one who has neglected to register himself or herself either an alien, a loyal citizen, or a registered enemy. All householders neglecting to

