
These troops will be considered as in a central position, to be moved in any direction which the exigencies of the service may require.

The great mass of subsistence stores which are now in this Territory are at Fort Craig and Fort Union. These two points will claim all our efforts in their defense should the Territory be again invaded. I have ordered a company of cavalry 100 miles down the Canadian River, to remain there for the winter as an outpost, to watch the Forth Smith road, which comes up that river. Colonel Carson will be directed to keep one of his companies at the junction of Bonito and Pecos Rivers, to guard us against being surprised by a force coming up the Pecos from Fort Lancaster. I shall cause the route by the Waco Tanks to be watched from an advanced point, as well as that coming into the country by Fort Quitman. This done, I shall adopt such interior arrangements for safety and defense as my means may justify, and await the turn of events.

Until I have authority from the War Department I cannot incorporate the troops and material brought from the Department of the Pacific into the force and material of this department. (See General Orders, No. 29, series 1862.) I beg to be instructed in this matter at an early date, as the records and returns of the two forces cause much labor and no little embarrassment.

I respectfully request that the Fifth Regiment Infantry California Volunteers may be ordered into Arizona and on to the Rio Grande. I have two companies here now, and probably by this time three at Apache Pass and at Tueson. The other five are at Fort Yuma, where a garrison of three companies is enough (there are quarters there for three companies), which three companies could be furnished from the Fourth Infantry California Volunteers now at Los Angeles. With the whole of the Fifth Infantry California Volunteers in this department the service would in my opinion be greatly benefited. These troops can use the transportation now employed to haul supplies from Fort Yuma to Tucson, and not cost the Government an additional dollar to be placed on the Rio Grande. The supplies here are abundant. It is rumored that another demonstration will be made against this country from Texas. In this event the troops from California asked for by General Canby in his telegraphic dispatch of the date of August 10 would be greatly needed. Whatever the War Department might see fit to order in the matter should be done at once.

I earnestly beg that all the officers who belong to the companies of the Fifth and Seventh Infantry and First Cavalry and Third Artillery, now serving here, both field and staff, may be ordered at once to join those companies, and I desire to have an engineer officer and a topographical engineer officer assigned to duty in this department. Their services are greatly needed now.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ON BOARD OF THE TRANSPORT PINTA, Port of New Orleans, September 30, 1862.

Dr. CHARLES McCORMICK,

Medical Director, Present:

DEAR SIR: Having been requested in your behalf to state how Her Catholic Majesty's transport Pinta, under my command, has been treated

37 R R-VOL XV

