
at the quarantine station, I have much pleasure in declaring that I have no cause to complain of the manner in which that service has been performed, finding the same to be in accordance with what is practiced for like purposes in other countries; and, further, I should add that myself and officers have been treated by those on duty at the quarantine ground with all courtesy and beseemingness, all of which I will have great satisfaction to communicate to my Government. My only complaint consists in having been ordered to observe a quarantine of thirty days, since, according to sections 3 and 5 of the act supplementary to an act on quarantine of the State of Louisiana, approved on the 15th March, 1855, handed to me on arrival I apprehended that the Pinta should have been permitted to pass without detention, or at all events with a much more limited one, on account of her having had more than ten days' passage from Havana, of her having come in ballast, and of her being free of any sickness on board.

I am, dear sir, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

JOAQUIN DEL RAYO,

Commandant.

[OCTOBER 1, 1862.-For Butler to Secretary of War in reference to correspondence between the Spanish legation and Department of State, transmitted September 10 and 18, see Series III, Vol. II.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Santa Fe, N. Mex., October 10, 1862.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have to inform you that when the Texan troops abandoned New Mexico in July last they were in great disarray and sorely pressed for food as well as transportation. They knew the advance guard of the Column from California had arrived upon the Rio Grande and believed it to be in hot pursuit. Under these circumstances they found a purchaser for their battery of artillery among the people in Mexico. The guns were taken across the Rio Grande, and, as I learn, moved to Chihuahua. The person who bought them is the father-in-law of one Simeon Hart, a man who did more than any other to bring Sibley's force into this country, who did more than almost all others to keep it supplied while here, and who, when it fled, went with it to Texas. The guns would have fallen into our hands but for this act of Hart's father-in-law. It was no doubt committed at the instigation of Hart and with Hart's money, and should the Texans return there is not a doubt but these guns would be resold to them, recross the Rio Grande, and be used against us.

As the purchasing of these guns by a friendly power, or rather by a citizen of a friendly power, the passing of them as other property through the custom-house at Paso, was in my opinion a grave wrong to the United States, I have written the inclosed letter to the Governor of Chihuahua on the subject. I submit if the Mexicans should not be obliged to give up those guns now, before by a possibility they can be used against us.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

