
Sergeant Cheever (who left the hospital sick to do his duty), rallied and brought off the gun, when every man and horse was shot down and the piece in the hands of the enemy. The names of the privates of infantry engaged in this gallant exploit will be forwarded as soon as ascertained. The Ninth Connecticut and Fourth Wisconsin Volunteers were brought up from their positions early in the action, and were placed by General Williams' order in line across the grounds of the orphan asylum, immediately in rear of the camps of the Twenty-first Indiana and Fourteenth Maine. The regiments moved with alacrity and obeyed all orders promptly.

Captain Silas W. Sawyer, of Company H, Ninth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers, deserves mention for his bold reconnaissance on the morning of the 6th. Going out on the Bayou Sara road 3 miles and finding no trace of the enemy, he took a cattle path through the woods, coming out on the Clinton road, beyond the original line of our pickets. He scoured the country to Bird's plantation, in scouting around which he found one of the enemy's caissons and near by another. In a short time he discovered all four. Crossing over to Bernard's plantation he found another and a damaged ambulance. Returning to headquarters he proceeded (by order of Colonel Paine, commanding) with a detachment of men and horses from Manning's battery and a platoon of his own company and brought them in.

In conclusion I would beg to call the attention of the general commanding to the services of Lieutenant H. H. Elliott, Ninth New York Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general on General Williams' staff. For his coolness and intrepidity in action every officer in the action can bear witness, as also to the more trying duties of the details of his official business. I am under deep obligations to him for his cheerful and zealous services for the time I remained in command.

I inclose copies of correspondence between myself and Lieutenant Elliott.* Colonel McMillan, of the Twenty-first Indiana, has been unwell for some time. His counsel and advice have been freely offered on every occasion.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

THOS. W. CAHILL,

Colonel, Commanding at Baton Rouge.

Captain R. S. DAVIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Gulf.

No. 13. Report of Col. Nathan A. M. Dudley, Thirtieth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding right wing Second Brigade.
HDQRS. RIGHT WING 2ND BRIGADIER, DEPT. OF THE GULF,Baton Rouge, La., August 7, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose, for the information of the commanding officer, the reports of commanding officers of regiments and batteries who served under my command in the right wing of this brigade in the battle before Baton Rouge, La., on the morning of the 5th instant, as follows:

Captain Clarke, acting colonel Sixth Michigan Volunteers; Major H. O.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

