
portion under Lieutenant Whittemore to guard Hart's Mill. Both McCleave and Roberts will be instructed to keep a journal of every day's march and work, of the estimated courses and distances traveled, of the kind of country passed over, of the water-courses, springs, grass, &amp;c., which they find. These journals will be forwarded to department headquarters as soon as the campaign is over and copies of them to Washington.

The several commands will be entirely independent of each other, unless they "happen to join to do duty together," and the commanding officers will have full powers to sub-divide their forces when once they have got into the Indian country in such manner as in their judgment will be the best, having in view the punishment of the Indians.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[OCTOBER 12, 13, and --*, 1862.-For Butler to Stanton in reference to complaints of the Spanish, Prussian, and French legations, see Series III, Vol. II.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF No. 82. New Orleans, October 17, 1862.

All persons holding powers of attorney or letters of authorization from, or who are merely acting for, or tenants of, or intrusted with, any moneys, goods, wares, property, or merchandise, real, personal, or mixed, of any person now in the service of the so-called Confederate States, or any person not known by such agent, tenant, or trustee to be a loyal citizen of the United States, or a bona fide neutral subject of a foreign government, will retain in their own hand, until further orders, all such moneys, goods, wares, merchandise, and property, and make an accurate return of the same to David C. G. Field, esq., the financial clerk of this department, upon oath, on or before the 1st day of November next. Every such agent, tenant, or trust failing to make true return, or shall pay over or deliver any such moneys, goods, wares, merchandise, and property to or for the use, directly or indirectly, of any person not known by him to be a loyal citizen of the United States, without an order from these headquarters, will be held personally responsible for the amount so neglected to be returned, paid over, or delivered. All rents due or to become due by tenants of property belonging to persons not known to be loyal citizens of the United States will be paid as they become due to D. C. G. Field, esq., financial clerk of the department.

By command of Major-General Butler:

GEO. C. STRONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Executive order establishing a provisional court in Louisiana.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington City, D. C., October 20, 1862.

The insurrection which has for some time prevailed in several of the States of this Union, including Louisiana, having temporarily subverted

---------------

*Transmitted to Department of State by Secretary of War November 3, 1862.

---------------

