
sary for the comfortable occupation of your quarters of course I should not seriously object, but the fewer of such expeditions the better.

I cannot permit the shipping of furniture or other articles North by any officer for his own use. Such taking of private property, whether belonging to rebels or others, comes under the order of the War Department, No. 107, a copy of which I send you, and is there denominated "plundering." If, in your judgment, any property should belong or does belong to the United States, and can be better disposed of North than here, and should be properly shipped and sold, you will take the same course that I did with the bells captured at New Orleans-send it to the United States quartermaster at Boston or New York to be disposed of on account of the Government, but upon no consideration and under no pretense for the private account of any officer. I must of course submit such matters, with these instructions, to the discretion of an officer as high in command as yourself, not doubting that it will be properly used.*

* * * * * *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[OCTOBER 27 and 28, 1862.-For Butler to Secretary of War in reference to Avendano Brothers and the Spanish men-of-war, see Series III, Vol. II.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, October 29, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose the reports of my medical director and the surgeon of the quarantine station in regard to the action of Mr. Pierce, consul at Matamoras, who, it would seem, needs some instruction in the way of his duty. He gives clean bills of health when epidemic is raging.

We have thus far succeeded, in the providence of God, by the most strenuous exertions, in keeping all pestilence away from the city, and the inclosed communications will give some idea of the difficulties under which we labor.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE, HDQRS. DEPT. OF GULF, New Orleans, October 28, 1862.

Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER, U. S. A.,

Comdg. Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I herewith inclose to you the bill of health of the schooner Planet, from Matamoras, Mex., and a copy of a letter of Dr. J. A. G.

---------------

*Some matters of detail omitted.

---------------

