
Fisher, the quarantine physician at the station below New Orleans, dated October 20, 1862, giving statements of some of the passengers of the schooner Planet.

On the 16th September, 1862, the Mexican schooner Jicaltipec arrived from Matamoras, Mex., having a clean bill of health from the United States consul at that port. This schooner had on board 6 United States soldiers, escaped prisoners from the rebels. On the 21st September Dr. Fisher reported that Private C. Sparks, of the Eighth Infantry, who came as a passenger on the Jicaltipec, was taken sick with yellow fever, and on the 27th September Dr. Fisher reports that this man had died the previous day (the 26th September), black vomit having set in, thus proving to be an unmistakable case of yellow fever. Still this vessel had a clean hill of health.

Again, on the 16th October, 1862, the schooner Planet arrived here from Matamoras, having inclosed clean bill of health from Mr. L. Pierce, jr., the United States consul at that port, although this vessel had 93 passengers on board from Texas, who stated to Dr. Fisher that yellow fever in an epidemic form existed at Brownsville, Tex., at the time of their departure. This has been the second case of a vessel arriving from Matamoras with a clean bill of health from Mr. L. Pierce, jr., the United States consul, while it is a well known fact that a severe epidemic of yellow fever existed during the season along the whole coast of Texas and Mexico.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES McCORMICK,

Medical Director Department of the Gulf.

[Sub-inclosures.]

[FORM No. 121.]

BILL OF HEALTH.

CONSULATE OF THE U. S. OF A. AT MATAMORAS, October 3, 1862.

I, consul of the United States of America for the port of Matamoras, Mex., do hereby certify that the schooner called the Planet, of Nassau, N. P., of the registered burden of 76 tons, whereof J. Chandlee is master, navigated by 6 men, and having on board 75 passengers, being in all 81 persons on board, cleared this day at this port for New Orleans.

I hereby further certify that in this port and vicinity and among the shipping thereof good health prevails, without any suspicion of plague, yellow fever, or any other contagions or pestilential diseases whatever in either an epidemic or sporadic form; and that no such disease has existed either in the place or among the shipping for the past

------

weeks or months.

Given under my hand and seal of this consular office the day and year above written.

L. PIERCE, JR.,

United States Consul.

This schooner arrived at quarantine October 16, 1862; ordered to observe a strict obedience to existing regulations until further orders.

JNO. A. G. FISHER,

Resident Physician Quarantine Station.

