
WASHINGTON, D. C., November 3, 1862.

Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,

New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: Your letter of October 24 is just received.* You are misinformed in regard to there being any troops in New England ready for the field.

For the last two months we have been urging the Governors of States to complete their regiments and to send them forward as fast as they are ready. Every one has been ordered into the field as soon as reported. The delay in sending you re-enforcements has not been the fault of the War Department. It is hoped that some will be ready to start as soon as the November elections are over. Brigadier-generals will be sent with these re-enforcements.

Attention has been called to your Special Orders, No. 434, in connection with General Orders, No. 12, of February 6. It is to be regretted that you have overlooked the latter order in making appointments which you are not authorized by law to make. A general can nominate, but he cannot appoint, "subject to the approval of the President of the United States," and the persons so appointed by you can exercise no legal authority.

These illegal appointments will be regarded as recommendations to the President and their names submitted for appointments.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

[NOVEMBER 4, 1862.-For Secretary of War to Butler in reference to this charges of October 13 against the Spanish war vessels, see Series III, Vol. II.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 90. New Orleans, November 6, 1862.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT No. 1, C. S. A., New Orleans, La., March 20, 1862.

* * * * *

XII. All process from any court of law or equity in the parishes of Orleans and Jefferson for the ejection of families of soldiers now in the service of the Government, either on land or water, for rent past due, is hereby suspended, and no such collections shall be forced until further orders.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Lovell:

J. G. PICKETT,Assistant Adjutant-General.

The above extract from orders of the rebel General Lovell is accepted, and ordered as referring to the families of soldiers and sailors now in the service of the United States.

By command of Major-General Butler:

GEO. C. STRONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See reports, p. 158.

---------------

