
These instructions are not intended to tie your hands or to hamper your operations in the slightest degree. So far away from headquarters, you must necessarily exercise your own judgment and discretion in regard to your movements against the enemy, keeping in view that the opening of the Mississippi River is now the great and primary object of your expedition, and I need not assure you, general, that the Government has unlimited confidence not only in your judgment and discretion, but also in your energy and military promptness.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 93. New Orleans, November 11, 1862.

I. Any commissioned officer who is found drinking intoxicating liquors in any public house within this department will be recommended to the President for dismissal from the service.

II. All police officers are ordered to report in writing to these headquarters all instances of the violation of this order which may come under their notice.

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, November 11, 1862.

Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,

New Orleans, La.:

The Secretary of the Navy has brought to the notice of the President the pass issued by you to the United States vessel West Florida to proceed from New Orleans to Matamoras, &amp;c. The pass was not respected by the blockading squadron in that quarter, and the vessel was seized as a prize.* As it is presumed, however, that the document was given in good faith the restitution of the vessel will in this instance be ordered; but it is expected that you will not in future issue similar passes without further instructions from this Department.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, La., November 12, 1862.

Mr. PIERCE, United States Consul at Matamoras:

SIR: I propose to send down the First Regiment Texas Volunteers with some other troops to Galveston. I will arrange with Colonel Davis, of that command, and with Rear-Admiral Farragut that refu-

---------------

*See Butler to Chase, October 22, p. 582.

---------------

