
gees who may desire may be sent to Galveston from Texas and Mexico; some of them will enlist, doubtless, in the service of the United

States. The preference in granting passage, as a rule, will be given to those who are physically able.

Of course it will be improper to enlist even Americans as soldiers on Mexican soil, but there can be no impropriety in sending Americans to do their duty to their country.

The letters of Colonel Davis, commanding the Texas regiment, and the instructions to the commander of the blockading vessel will explain what is desired. Any other aid that I can furnish, if suggested by you, will be promptly attended to.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[NOVEMBER 13, 1862.-For Butler to Secretary of War in reference to Ed. Gautherin &amp; Co., see Series III., Vol. II.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, November 14, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

SIR: I have addressed you directly in this dispatch because the subject relates to other matters than the movements of troops in the field.

As you may have learned from the dispatches to General Halleck, I have moved Brigadier-General Weitzel into the La Fourche country and have taken possession of the richest portion of Louisiana. Thousands of hogsheads of sugar of the value of at least a million of dollars ought at once to pas into the hands of the United States, together with much other property. I have therefore organized a commission to take charge of the business, so as if possible to save this property to the United States, and have put the ablest and most honest men I have at the head of it.

I annex the copy of the Orders, No. 91, and of the memorandum of contract, which will explain themselves.

The experiment of free labor which I am trying is succeeding admirably, and I hope large results, not so much in profit to the United States as in example.

Will you allow me to avail myself of this note to ask of you re-enforcements? I have had none save my free Native Guards (colored), and while they are doing good service, still I find trouble, because they are not formally recognized by the Department.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosures.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 91. New Orleans, November 9, 1862.

The commanding general being informed and believing that the district west of the Mississippi River lately taken possession of by the

