
The United States will authorize or provide suitable guards and patrols to preserve order and prevent crime in the said parishes.

The planters shall pay for the services of each able-bodied made person $10 per month, $3 of which may be expended for necessary clothing; and for each woman $----, and for each child above the age of ten years and under the age of sixteen years the sum of $----, all the persons above the age of sixteen years being considered as men and women for the purpose of labor.

Planters shall furnish suitable and proper food for each of these laborers and take care of them and furnish proper medicines in case of sickness.

The planters shall also suitably provide for all the persons incapacitated by sickness or age for labor, bearing the relation of parent, child, or wife of the laborer so laboring for him.

Ten hours each day shall be a day's labor, and any extra hours during which the laborer may be called by the necessities of the occasion to work shall be reckoned as so much toward another day's labor.

Twenty-six days of ten hours each shall be deemed a month's labor, except in the mouth of December, when twenty shall make a month's labor. It shall be the duty of the overseer to keep a true and exact account of the time of labor of each person, and any wrong or inaccuracy therein shall forfeit a month's pay to the person so wronged.

No cruel or corporeal punishment shall be inflicted by any one upon the persons so laboring or upon his or her relatives, but any insubordination or refusal to perform suitable labor or other crime or offense shall be at once reported to the provost-marshal for the district, and punishment suitable for the offense shall be inflicted under his orders, preferably imprisonment in darkness on bread and water.

This arrangement to continue at the pleasure of the United States.

If any planter of the parishes of Saint Bernard or Plaquemines refuses to enter into this arrangement or remains a disloyal citizen the persons claimed to be held to service by him may hire themselves to any loyal planter or the United States may elect to carry on his plantations by their own agents, and other persons than those thus claimed may be hired by any planter at his election. It is expressly understood and agreed that this arrangement shall not be held to affect, after its termination, the legal rights of either master or slave, but that questions of freedom or slavery are to be determined by considerations wholly outside of the provisions of this contract; provided always that the abuse of any master or overseer of any person laboring under the provisions of this contract shall, after trial and adjudication by the military or other courts, emancipate the person so abused.

[NOVEMBER 14, 1862.-For Secretary of War to Brigadier-General Hamilton, transmitting his appointment as military governor of Texas, see Series III, Vol. II.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF No. 513. New Orleans, November 14, 1862.

The Daily Advocate having, after warning, published the following article--

THE BALLOT-BOX.--This palladium of our liberties, this charter of our rights, this emblem of democracy, has been speaking in a voice of thunder, as we knew it would

