
if the people could be aroused from their slumber. It has been our unceasing endeavor to awake them throughout the nation. We were the first to tell our readers of its success in Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Indiana, and now we have gratifying reports from Illinois, New Jersey, and New York. If these reports be confirmed an armistice will soon follow. Negotiations once commenced, there will not be any more fighting. Whether an armistice results from the Democratic success or from foreign intervention, we shall hall it as a peace measure to be welcomed by all parties--

the publication of that journal will be discontinued from this date.

By command of Major-General Butler:

GEO. C. STRONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Mesilla, November 14, 1862.

Captain WILLIAM McCLEAVE,First Cavalry, California Volunteers, Camp Johnson:

CAPTAIN: You are placed in command of a force composed of your own company and C, First Infantry, California Volunteers, to operate against the Mescalero Apache Indians in the vicinity of Dog Canon. You will move with your own company to Las Cruces to-morrow and be there joined by the infantry of your command.

This expedition has been designed by the general commanding the Department of New Mexico, and copies of his original letter to me, giving the order, dated October 11, and a copy of his letter of Col. Christopher Carson, dated October 12, with a marked map of the country in which you are to operate, have been placed in your hands. The general plan of operations and the kind of warfare to be conducted against the Indians are so fully set forth in the above-named correspondence as to merely devolve upon me the necessity of giving you a few instructions as to details.

You will observe that it is the wish of the general commanding that a depot for your force be established that can be reached by wagons farther out than Dog Canon if practicable. The duty devolves upon you of selecting a proper locality. A party of New Mexicans have left Mesilla to form a settlement upon the Rio Tularosa. A guide is sent with you to direct you to this settlement, and it may be located in a vicinity that will offer advantages for your depot.

A train of 17 wagons, under Wagon-master John Davis, is sent with you for transportation. Thirty pack-saddles have been provided you, and you are at liberty to take from this train as many mules, not exceeding thirty-five, as you may need for packing supplies into the mountains. You will direct that the two herders who go with the train remain with the pack animals.

For the purpose of guarding your depot, without diminishing your immediate active force, Company B, First Infantry, California Volunteers, is sent with you. As soon as your depot is established detach 1 sergeant, 2 corporals, and 18 privates, all picked men, from that company, to guard it. It is unnecessary to remind you of the importance of that duty, and it is left to you to give such instructions as will insure its faithful performance.

As soon as the depot is established send the train back to Mesilla under charge of Captain [V.] Dresher and the remainder of his company.

A party of 20 Mexican spies and guides, under Juan Arroyes, are engaged to accompany you, and will be under your orders during the time that you are in the field.

