
graph to be ready to march at a moment's notice to our relief if called upon; to send to me at once returns of their force and their means of transportation. This is a precaution which I beg you will take on the receipt of this letter. Meantime I beg you will rest assured that whether we have help or not we will give the enemy as warm a reception as we can.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Mesilla, November 13, 1862.

Captain BENJ. C. CUTLER,Assistant Adjutant-General, Santa Fe:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit herewith by special messenger copies of correspondence and memorandum received from Colonel Rigg, reporting that a large Texan force was organizing at San Antonia, with the avowed object of making a campaign against New Mexico.

I do not deem the danger of the advance of this force sufficiently imminent to induce me under the positive orders that I have received to withhold the expeditions now about to take the field under Captains McCleave and Pishon. I am calculating, however, that I shall be notified of the designs of the general commanding in eight days from this, when, if so ordered, they can be recalled.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Colonel First Infantry, California Volunteers, Comdg.

[Sub-inclosures.]

HART'S MILL., TEX., November 11, 1862.

Col. JOSEPH R. WEST,

Commanding District of Arizona, Mesilla:

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit for your information memorandum of statement made to me by Mr. Diffendorfer, of El Paso, Mex. Mr. Diffendorfer has just returned from Chihuahua, Mex., where he had been for the purpose of purchasing goods. He places great confidence in the truth of the information he reports; so much so that he made but few purchases. Several letters have been received here by other parties, all corroborating the above. The men (6,000) had been raised and were only waiting the necessary transportation.

The agent writes that mules were very scarce and were worth from $200 to $400 each. If this is true there is no doubt but an advance will be sent up this way before the main force would leave. I have no doubt but that Lieutenant French, First Cavalry, California, is detained at San Antonio, and his being so is evidence that a movement of some kind is going on.

The party of secessionists in El Paso are in high glee, being much elated by the news; their party has increased to about 80 from different directions. Dr. Diffendorfer will leave for Mesilla to-morrow with Captain Casey. He can give you all the particulars, and in all probability will have with him a copy of one of the letters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN A. RIGG,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry, California Volunteers.

