
then before day to scatter singly in all directions, and then to repeat this over and over and again until he feels the just vengeance of a people who never did him harm, but whom, before he wantonly and ruthlessly insulted, oppressed, and robbed. Inspire them with this, and let me know the number of arms you can safely place in their hands, and I will have them near by so that you can distribute them at the last moment. So far as you own force is concerned you will remain below the Jornado as long as you can injure the enemy without running the risk of being cut off from Fort Craig, to which point you will retire as a last resort, leaving nothing behind that could be of service to him. I have written Colonel Bowie a letter, which accompanies this, and which you will send to him by express to come forward with three more companies from Fort Yuma. If you are driven back on Craig before he leaves Tucson keep him advised of what you are compelled to do. He can defend Fort Bowie and Tuscon with six companies of fresh troops against any small travel worn force which the enemy would be likely to detach in that direction for the conquest of Western Arizona. For the present I do not think it to be expedient to recall Pishon and McCleave from their operations against the Mescalero Indians. We cannot afford to be diverted from a single purpose looking to the protection of the inhabitants of this country on a rumor. It has cost a great deal of money to set on foot this campaign against the Mescaleros, and until I am absolutely compelled by force to order the troops to come back they will fulfill their instructions. But to provide against possible contingencies, in case Baylor's forces enter the valley of the Rio Grande unexpectedly while these troops are in the field, send word to them to march to Fort Stanton, and if pursued to fight the enemy at all vantage points and fall back no faster than driven toward Fort Craig. The

recent attack by the Federal forces on Galveston may serve to keep all the Texan troops at home. But should they come by Sibley's route, as herein indicated, your duty in general terms is marked out, and I know you will do it well. If I had to choose a man for the place you are now on I tell you frankly I should choose yourself. Instill into the minds of all your subordinates but half of your address, your energy, your forecast, your resolution, and Baylor and his people will have reason to remember the handful of Californians he may find below the Jornada.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, November 20, 1862

Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,

Commanding, &amp;c., New Orleans:

GENERAL: Your letter of November 6, transmitting copies of your correspondence with Brigadier-General Weitzel, is received.* Your order No. 63, of August 22, with the accompanying letter+ was submitted to the Secretary of War for his instructions and he replied that no instructions were necessary as the whole matter was left to the judgment and discretion of the department commander.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

---------------

*See reports, p. 162.

+See Butler to Halleck, August 27, p. 555.

---------------

