HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., December 5, 1862

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Inclosed herewith please find-

I. Copy of a letter to General Wright, asking that he order the remainder of Bowie's regiment California Volunteers to the Rio Grande.

II. Copy of a letter to Colonel Bowie, California Volunteers, on the same subject.

III. Copy of a letter from Brigadier-General West is relation to rumors of an advance of a rebel force from Texas.

IV. Copy of a letter from a gentleman named Caniffe to a gentleman named Tully on the same subject.

V. Copy of a letter from Captain Edward B. Willis to Brigadier-General West on this same business.

I again urge the necessity of placing the Colorado Volunteers under the orders of the commander of this department.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

General Carleton willing case of actual danger make requisitions on the commanding general of the Department of Missouri for re-enforcements from Colorado Territory, giving immediate notice to the Adjutant-General of the Army that such requisitions have been made.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., November 18, 1862

General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Comdg. the Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to inclose a duplicate original of a letter sent by express, via Mesilla and Tuscon, to Colonel Bowie, requesting him to march without delay with three companies of the present garrison of Fort Yuma to the Rio Grande.

I consider it important that you give me all of Bowie's regiment on the Rio Grande; that other troops occupy Tuscon and Fort Bowie in the Apache Pass, and that Fort Yuma be garrisoned by at least six companies.

If you can send three companies of the Second Cavalry under such a man as Colonel Evans to Tucson it would give me all of the First here, and I cannot get along with less of this description of troops. It seems to be a settled purpose of the rebels to occupy this country and Arizona.

If you will help me with another regiment of infantry, posted as herein indicated, and three companies of cavalry, I believe he cannot succeed. I shall try to get some troops from Colorado Territory to make this part of New Mexico as warm as possible him in case he comes here.

What you do, general, should be done at once. You are aware that there are many stores accumulated at Fort Yuma and at Tuscon, so that these movements will not be attended with much additional expense.

