
The means of transportation now at Tuscon and which I can send there will be sufficient for all movements this side of Fort Yuma.

I will send a duplicate of this letter by express over the southern route.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NOTE. - Please notify me by telegraph via Denver City of what you decide on doing.

J. H. C.

[Inclosure No. 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., November 18, 1862.

Col. GEORGE W. BOWIE,

Commanding at Fort Yuma, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have recently received such circumstantial rumors that 6,000 Confederate troops are about to make another demonstration against this Territory as to justify me in calling upon you to come forward without delay to the Rio Grande with at least three of the five companies now forming the garrison at Fort Yuma; that you request by express the commander of the Department of the Pacific too send Forman's regiment to Fort Yuma, so that on its arrival these two last companies of your regiment left by you under Lieutenant-Colonel Dobbins can come on without delay to join you, and I beg of you to request of General Wright that he will order four of Forman's companies forward to Tucson; that three of these may hold that point and one occupy Fort Bowie. This will relieve the whole of the Fifth Infantry, California Volunteers, by the 4th, and give you your whole regiment on the Rio Grande. There are provisions and hospital stores at Tucson, and provisions, hospital stores, and ammunition here, so that you need be embarrassed with only subsistence to last you to Tucson, where you will be able to get a supply to last you to the Rio Grande. Bring of ammunition at least 100 rounds per man. I shall count on your leaving Fort Yuma for Tucson immediately on receipt of this. You can use the transportation now plying between Tucson and Fort Yuma. If this transportation does not happen to be at Fort Yuma when this letter comes to hand use your post teams, and send them back when the others are met.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 3.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,

Mesilla, November 30, 1862

Captain BENJ. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Santa Fe:

CAPTAIN: Copies of correspondence herewith inclosed will apprise the general commanding that I have sent Brad. Daily and Captain Parvin to watch the enemy about Horsehead Crossing. You will see by another inclosure that there is another story about Skillman, and this is, I think, the true one. Rumors are rife and the people much

