
alarmed. It is no easy matter to determine the facts and I may be misled in my conclusion but I adhere to my opinion that a small force will be thrown below me on the Rio Grande to open communication for supplies with Chihuahua and to induce me to stay and watch them while the main body moves up the Pecos. In case I hear of the latter design being carried out I shall act under the general's instructions of the 18th instant, unless he should in the mean time direct otherwise; that is, I shall commence at San Elizario, leave nothing that can be of service to the enemy, and fall back on Fort Craig.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Colonel, First Infantry California Volunteers, Comdg.

[Inclosure No. 4.]

EL PASO, MEX., November 26, 1862.

P. R. TULLY, Esq.:

DEAR TULLY: Bad news; troublesome times again ahead. Skillman dropped from the clouds night before last, and his crowd were considerably excited all day yesterday. I can only find out that Baylor is promoted to major-general and Scurry general. There are two other generals, but I don't remember the names. Madison is colonel, Merritt quartermaster, &amp;c. The authorities made no effort as I know of to stop Skillman. He was met this morning tight as the devil, about 9 miles, going below, and of course sleeps to-night in Guadalupe. The main Texas force is at or about the Moros,* though he expects to meet an advance at Horsehead. I don't know what to do, whether to go to Chihuahua or get out by Tucson to California.

Yours, truly,

H. J. CANIFFE,

N. B. - Is there anything to meet the Texans up your way? There is none down here.

[Inclosure No. 5.]

HART'S MILL, TEX., November 26, 1862

Lieutenant W. L. RYNERSON,

First Infantry California Volunteers, A. A. G., Mesilla:

LIEUTENANT: The night before last some men from San Antonio arrived at El Paso, named Skillman, John Stevenson, and the other unknown. I was informed of it yesterday. They were kept carefully concealed. Mr. Mills went immediately to call upon Stevenson to find out what he could with regard to the matter, but could not gain admittance, although he frequently visits there, but saw enough to know that the principal secessionists of that place were in conclave there, and thinks these men were at that time in the house. Skillman is a noted desperado, and the man of all others that would be chosen as a spy. He knows every inch of this country well; he is also a fugitive from justice in Mexico for murder. Brad, Daily knows him well, and was formerly a very intimate friend of his. Mr. Uranga sent last night to try to arrest him, but the birds had all flown. Dr. Samaniego tells me this morning that Skillman has a company of Texans at Presidio del Norte; that

---------------

*Fort Clark.

---------------

