
lowing-named ships to be unloaded and sent back with all possible dispatch; S. R. Spaulding, Matanzas, United States, Key West: and should my conjecture about the Ericsson prove correct, of which I have no doubt, I leg that the Arago or New Brunswick may also be sent.

I shall get the men ashore from the Baltic and Atlantic by 12 m. to-day. The commissary stores I do not propose to touch. To attempt to land them with he means we have at hand would take a great deal of time, besides exposing the stores to the weather on the shore. I think the best way to dispose of them would be to send the lighters directly alongside the ship. If, however, this plan is not approved in regard to the stores I beg to be informed. We can take them, ashore in small boats in about three working days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General.

P. S. - I shall see Colonel Albert in reference to these stores. He may have orders in regard to them. If so, I shall of course be governed by them.
HDQRS. ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY-SIXTH REGT. N. Y. VOLS.,Key West, Fla., December 15, 1862

Major General N. P. BANKS,

GENERAL: The steamer M. Sanford, having on board the One hundred and fifty-sixth Regiment New York Volunteers, with its entire equipments, stores, and supplies, including sixty days' rations, sailed from the port of New York at 10 o'clock in the evening of December 3 instant, under sealed orders. After twenty-four hours' sailing the orders were duly opened in my presence by Captain Sanford, commanding the ship, pursuant to directions furnished him from the headquarters of the expedition. The voyage was continued down the coast of the United States until the morning of the 10th instant at about twenty minutes after 6 o'clock, when the vessel was stranded upon the Carysfort Reef, about 1 1/2 miles from the light, and bearing about south by west therefrom, heading south-southwest. Captain Sanford immediately ordered the sail taken in the engine reversed, and, with a view of backing her off, ordered the ship lightened by throwing the cargo overboard. I went immediately below where the men were principally quartered, found the ship fast filling, and got the men on deck, and quickly as possible stopped the men rom casting overboard the freight, it being evident the ship had broken and could not be hauled off. Several steamers were in sight bearing southward and nearly abreast of us, but at so great a distance out that our signals failed to attract their notice. The gunboat Gemsbok, Captain Cavendy, however, at anchor with two other vessels in Turtle Harbor, saw our signal, and the Gemsbok got up sail and finally came around and anchored as near the reef as possible, and rendered us most valuable assistance in disembarking the regiment and so much of the property on board as could be removed. Other steamers arrived during the day and gave us all the aid in their power.

I sent one company on board the Curlew to Key West, and Colonel Benedict, who came on board toward evening from the City of Bath, kindly took on board the last-named steamer our sick and lame and carried them to Key West.

