
of the several reports made by the several commanders of regiments and batteries.

I cannot close this report without noticing the conduct of Captain Kelty, of the Thirtieth Massachusetts Volunteers, who fell at the head of his brave and active company of Zouaves. Once before he had been sent forward to reconnoiter the position of the enemy, drew their fire, and then fell back with the same coolness and precision that he ever exhibited at drills. He was killed within 50 yards of the enemy's line. His loss I feel especially and personally. Lieutenant Gardner, Company K, Thirtieth Massachusetts Volunteers, fell severely wounded, yet requested to be left on the field.

The command of the Thirtieth Massachusetts fell on Major Whittemore by its colonel being assigned to the command of the right wing, and most honorably did he acquit himself of his responsible duties. He was probably more frequently under my eye than any other officer in the wing, and circumstances requiring me to move his regiment more often, he displayed coolness, tact, and military knowledge throughout the day which well fit him to command in the field. As for the conduct of the officers and men of his regiment, I refer you to his minute and careful report.

I am especially indebted to the following officers, who served on my staff during the day: Lieutenant Tenney, who made a reconnaissance, by my order, at the commencement of the action, was detailed to serve on the general's staff. He fell seriously wounded by the general's side. In ten minutes after Lieutenant Howe, acting assistant adjutant-general, also fell mortally wounded. Both of these officers were shot in the thickest of the engagement. First Lieutenant C. A. R. Dimon, who acted during the rest of the day as chief of my staff, and Second Lieutenant Norcross also rendered me every possible aid in the transmittal of my orders from one section of the field to another. Lieutenant Dimon joined me after the action commenced from the hospital, where he had been confined for days. Lieutenant Clarke, Sixth Michigan, also acquitted himself handsomely.

I should forget one obligation did I fail in my report to mention the conduct of Surg. A. F. Holt. He was by my side constantly, when not engaged in his professional duties, ready to transmit any order or transport to the rear, as he did on several occasions under a hot fire on his own back, the wounded, or discharge any duty that would contribute toward the success of the day.

The enemy having retired, I ordered the troops composing the right wing to take up a more desirable position out of the woods near the penitentiary grounds.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. A. M. DUDLEY,

Col. 30th Regt. Mass., Comdg. Right Wing Army, Baton Rouge, La.

Lieutenant H. H. ELLIOTT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

[Indorsements.]

BATON ROUGE, LA., August 8, 1862.

The attention of Col. N. A. M. Dudley is called to General Orders, No. 2, which directs that reports of the battle of Baton Rouge, August 5, 1862, shall be made to Colonel Cahill.

I would also say that I was not aware that Colonel Dudley was in command of any troops, save the Thirtieth Massachusetts, during the

