
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, December 16, 1862

Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War has received your letter of the 4th instant, submitting the proposition of the banks of New Orleans to send their specie, at present within the lines of the Southern Confederacy, on board of some war vessel to England or France, to be kept there safely and returned at the termination of the war, and asking instructions as to the course to be pursued in the matter.

In reply I am instructed to inform you that the Department, after due consideration of the arrangement proposed by the banks of New Orleans, feels compelled to withhold its sanction therefrom.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 107. New Orleans, December 17, 1862

I. In compliance with General Orders, No. 184, of the 9th ultimo, from the War Department, Adjutant-General's Office the undersigned hereby assumes command of the Department of the Gulf, including the State of Texas.

II. The following-named officers are announced as constituting the staff of the major-general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly:

Lieutenant Col. Richard B. Irwin, assistant adjutant-general.

Lieutenant Col. William S. Abert, assistant inspector-general.

Major G. Norman Lieber, judge-advocate.

Col. John S. Clark, aide-de-camp.

Captain Frederick d'Hauteville, aide-de-camp.

Captain Robert T. Dunham, aide-de-camp.

First Lieutenant Charles A. Hartwell, aide-de-camp.

Second Lieutenant Samuel M. Whitside, aide-de-camp.

Captain W. Sturgis Hooper, acting aide-de-camp.

First Lieutenant Charles S. Sargent, acting aide-de-camp.

Col. Samuel B. Holabird, chief quartermaster.

Captain J. W. McClure, assistant quartermaster.

Col. Edward G. Beckwith, chief commissary.

Surg. Richard H. Alexander, medical director.

Major David C. Houston, chief engineer.

Captain Henry L. Abbot, chief of topographical engineers.

First Lieutenant Richard M. Hill chief of ordnance.

Captain Richard Arnold, chief of artillery.

Captain William W. Rowley, chief signal officer.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 111. New Orleans, December 17, 1862

All sales of property on account of the United States will be and are hereby suspended until further orders.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General.

