
DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, December 18, 1862

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: It appearing from a report of Major-General Butler, which does not seem sufficiency controverted by the commander of the Spanish naval forces in the Gulf of Mexico, that the commander of Her Catholic Majesty's ship of war Blasco de Garay has claimed and assumed a right in the port of New Orleans to receive on board and carry from that city, which is in the military occupation of the United States, several persons, not only Spaniards but citizens of the United States, in the character of exiles seeking asylum, and to be exempt from any obligation to make explanation of the names and number of such persons to the United States commander at that place, the President desires that the commander of the United States forces at New Orleans be instructed to issue and publish and order that hereafter no persons not in the civil, military, or naval service of a foreign government shall, without the written leave of the commander of the military forces at New Orleans, depart from that city on board of any foreign ship of war, and that no foreign vessel of war shall receive on board and carry from such city any such persons, who shall not have written leave to depart, on board of such vessel.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, December 18, 1862

Hon. W. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

SIR: The Secretary of War has received your communication of this date signifying the desire of the President that, for the reasons therein set forth-

The commander of the United States forces at New Orleans be instructed to issue and publish an order that hereafter no persons not in the civil, military, or naval service of a foreign government shall, without the written leave of the commander of the military forces at New Orleans, depart from that city on board of any foreign ship of war, and that no foreign vessel of war shall receive on board and carry from such city any such persons, who shall not have written leave to depart, on board of such vessel.

Under the direction of the Secretary I have now the honor to inform you that the general commanding the Department of the Gulf has been required by instructions this day prepared, and which, with a copy of your communication, will be sent by the first mail to New Orleans, to issue and publish an order which shall give full effect to the desire of the President as the same is expressed by your letter.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, December 18, 1862

GENERAL COMDG. DEPT. OF THE GULF,

New Orleans, La.:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to inform you that he has this

