
actual engagement, after which he was assigned to the command of the right wing, on the second line of defense, by General Orders, No. 253.

THOS. W. CAHILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

BATON ROUGE, August 10, 1862.

In answer to the foregoing indorsement Col. N. A. M. Dudley submits statements from several officers that they received orders from him during the action, Colonel Dudley himself stating that he was placed in command of the Sixth Michigan Volunteers, Nims' battery, and the battery attached to the Twenty-first Indiana by general orders from General Williams. Orders, No. 253, was issued by myself after assuming command on the second line of positions.

THOS. W. CAHILL,

Colonel, Commanding at Baton Rouge August 5, 6 and 7.

No. 14. Report of Lieutenant George G. Trull, Second Battery Massachusetts Light Artillery.

In accordance with your order I submit a report of the part taken in the late action by the battery under my command.

On the morning of the 4th I received an order from General Williams to get the battery under arms and prepare for instant action, as an attack might be expected at any moment, the enemy being reported in large force on this side of the Amite River. On mustering the men I found only 21 men fit for duty, the others being in the different hospitals of the brigade. I applied to Colonel Cahill, of the Ninth Connecticut, for men, and he at once sent me a detail of 30 men, which enabled me to bring the whole battery through with diminished detachments and only four horses on a team. I instantly commenced a vigorous drill on the piece, without changing posts, the new men proving intelligent. Before night I reported a full battery, of six pieces, fit for duty. I received an order at dark to act in connection with the Sixth Michigan Regiment in case of action on the morrow.

At 3.30 o'clock the next morning the rattle of musketry announced that an attack had been made on our pickets. I immediately got the battery under arms and sent the orderly to the commander of the Sixth Michigan for orders. The plan of action had been changed during the night and the regiment had changed its position. The Thirtieth Massachusetts had bivouacked near the camp of the battery, and were now standing in column, awaiting orders. I soon received an order to take the battery to the left and rear of the camp and to fire as soon as I saw an enemy, being supported by the Thirtieth. The firing now became very heavy on the left and the rifle-balls began to whistle thick around and over us. The smoke was so thick that we could see nothing. Just at this time a caisson, belonging to Manning's battery, came dashing down from the front, the drivers having left it. It ran against one of my caissons, and crushed one of the hind wheels and the spare wheel, and also bruising one man badly. Without waiting for orders I now went in battery, and commenced firing shell and canister, which in about ten minutes appeared to have completely silenced the enemy.

I now received an order from General Williams to retire, he stating

