
the rebellion shall (upon the restoration of the constitutional relation between the United States and their respective States and people, if that relation shall have been suspended or disturbed) be compensated for all losses by acts of the United States including the loss of slaves.

"In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

"Done at the city of Washington the twenty-second day of September

in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and

[SEAL.] sixty-two, and of the Independence of the United States the eighty-seventh.

"ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

"By the President:

"WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

"Secretary of State."

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS.

Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 117. New Orleans, December 24, 1862

I. Owing to the necessities of the service, and to preserve the reputation of the army, all horses, mules, wagons, carriages, and other means of transportation in the possession of officers, soldiers, or employes of the Government in this city and throughout the department will be delivered to the chief quartermaster or such officers of his department as he may designate. Horses, wagons, &amp;c., which have been purchased in the State of Louisiana by such parties must be reported and registered at the office of the chief quartermaster. A certified copy of the bill of sale giving the date place of purchase, from whom bought, and amount paid, with description of the property, will be deposited at the same time. Officers entitled to horses, and having them in possession as above stated, may have them appraised and paid for by getting proper authority so to do.

All commanding officers, provost-marshals, quartermasters, and other military agents of the Government are directed to enforce this order. Every violation or evasion of it will be reported to the chief quartermaster.

II. The chief quartermaster will cause all seized or confiscated houses not assigned by his authority to be vacated without delay. Regimental officers will be provided with quarters near their regiments.

III. All general and staff officers regularly assigned to duty in this city will be paid commutation of quarters and fuel, provided fuel is not issued in kind, and that no such officer occupy a seized or confiscated house or other building rented for the Government.

All houses irregularly seized, occupied, or confiscated will be disposed of by the chief quartermaster, who will, as far as practicable, deliver them to responsible persons, to be held by them subject to the future disposition of the Government.

The provost-marshal will give any assistance necessary to carry out this order.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General.

