
[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 1. New Orleans, January 1, 1863

In obedience to instructions from the Government of the United States the commanding general gives notice that from and after this date no person not in the civil military, or naval service of a foreign government will be permitted to depart from the city of New Orleans on board of any foreign ship of war without the written permission of the commander of the military forces in New Orleans and that no foreign vessel of war will receive on board or carry from this city any such person who shall not have received written permission to depart on board of such vessel from the commander of the military forces in this city.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN

Lieutenant-Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

Baton Rouge, La., January 3, 1863

In compliance with Special Orders, No. 10, of which the following is a copy:
SPECIAL ORDERS,HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES, No. 10. Baton Rouge, La., December 31, 1862

A board, consisting of the following-named commissioned officers, will assemble in the building of the provost-marshal on Thursday, January 1, 1863 at 9 o'clock a.m., for the purpose of examining into the cause of the fire and other circumstances connected with the burning of the State-house at this place on the 28th day of December, 1862.

Permission is given to send for persons to give evidence upon the subject.

The senior member will record the proceedings of the board.

Detail for the board.- Lieutenant Col. G. A. Draper, One hundred and fifty-ninth New York Volunteers: Captain William J. Denslow, Sixth New York Volunteers; Captain John L. Swift, Forty-first Massachusetts Volunteers:

By order of C. Grover brigadier-general commanding:

JOSEPH HIBBERT, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

The constituted members of the board therein named convened at the place of designation at 9 o'clock a.m. January 1, 1863, and commenced their investigation.

The board carefully examined all those officers and persons who had police jurisdiction of the State-house and its grounds with reference to the regulations and system of admission to the building. It found that the rules were exceedingly strict and rigidly enforced.

The main portion of the building was occupied by the assistant provost-marshal, having in charge political and military prisoners. These were confined in a large room on the first floor, and no access whatever to the remainder of the building was allowed them. No enlisted men or citizens were permitted to visit the building without written consent from the provost-marshal or general commanding. Smoking by commissioned officers who had the privilege of access was specially prohibited, and we could not hear after thorough inquiry of any violation of these rules.

The rear portion of the building was used by the company which had the custody of the place and edifice.

A strong guard was posted at all points. A cooking-stove was placed

