SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 3. New Orleans, January 3, 1863.

* * * * *

VI. The following-named regiments are organized into brigades, as follows, and will constitute a division to be commanded by Brigadier General William H. Emory:

First Brigade, to be commanded by Brigadier General George L. Andrews. -

Forty-seventh Massachusetts, Colonel Marsh: Eighth New Hampshire, Colonel Fearing, One hundred and fourteenth New York, Col. E. B. Smith; One hundred and fifty-sixth New York, Colonel Cooke.

Second Brigade, to be commanded by the senior colonel.- One hundred and thirty-third New York, Colonel Currie; One hundred and seventy-third New York, Colonel Morton; One hundred and seventy-fourth New York, Colonel Parmele; Fourth Wisconsin, Colonel Paine.

Third Brigade, to be commanded by the senior colonel. - Thirteenth Connecticut, Colonel Birge; Sixteenth Newe Hampshire, Colonel Pike; One hundred and sixty-second New York, Colonel Benedict; One hundred and tenth New York, Colonel Littlejohn.

General Emory will immediately assume command of that portion of his division which is now at Carrollton and will concentrate the whole with as little delay as practicable at Baton Rouge. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

X. All the troops in the District of La Fourche, including the Eighth Vermont, Twenty-first Indiana, and First, Second, and Third Louisiana Native Guards, will immediately report for orders to Brigadier General Godfrey Weitzel, who will make such disposition of them as may in his judgment be best calculated to carry out the instructions and views of the commanding general.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

[RICH'D B. IRWIN,]

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, January 3, 1863.

Major DAVID FERGUSSON,

First Cavalry, California Volunteers, Mesilla:

The Governor of Chihuahua has been written to by the general commanding the Department of New Mexico, under date of October 9, 1862, in regard to a purchase by a Mexican citizen of certain articles contraband of war from rebels against the Government of the United States. As during your contemplated visit to the Governor of Chihuahua the matter may be referred to by him, I have the honor to transmit herewith for your information an official copy of the letter of General Carleton out the subject, together with a copy of his report on the same to the Adjutant-General, Washington.

I also have the honor to inclose copy of a letter from the general commanding referring to the suspicion of fraud in the alleged ownership of a certain steam engine by Elsberg and Amberg, of Santa Fe. You will be good enough to give this matter your attention, with a view to the protection of the just rights of the United States Government.

I am, major, very respectfully,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

