
It is believed that it is only necessary to call the attention of the Governor of Chihuahua to the manifest impropriety of permitting such violations of international obligations to insure that the recurrence will be prevented. It is simply desired to formally bring to his notice the acts complained of, leaving it to his proper respect for the dignity of the Government which he represents and to that due his own official position to vindicate the honor of both from the contempt shown them by those who respect neither the authority of their own Government not that of a power with whom it is our earnest desire to maintain the most friendly relations.

You will please assure His Excellency of the efficient co-operation of United States military authorities in this Territory in any measure that he may deem necessary to prevent the passage to Mexico of any persons liable to conduct themselves injuriously to the interests of his Government by acts hostile to our own, which must eventually call for a serious demand for reparation.

I beg of you to present to His Excellency the assurances of my warm personal esteem, and remain, with much respect, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, January 4, 18633

Major General N. P. BANKS, New Orleans:

GENERAL: Your two letters of December 24 are received. The course pursued by you in regard to trade and the exportation of mules, &amp;c., to Mexico is fully approved by the Government. You will perceive by the inclosed copy of an order of the President that the exportation of military munitions of all kinds in prohibited. This order has not yet been published, but has been sent to commanding officers and collectors of certain ports for their government.

You will learn from the newspapers that at our last advices General Sherman has his hands full at Vicksburg. If possible to reach him at that place without waiting to take Port Hudson it seems advisable to do so. But the condition of affairs on the Mississippi River will have so changed before this reaches you that it is useless to attempt to advise from this place. The reopening of that river, however, must be the main object of all our operations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 5. Washington, January 5, 1863

By direction of the President, the troops in the Department of the Gulf will constitute the Nineteenth Army Corps, to date from December 14, 1862, and Major General N. P. Banks is assigned to the command.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, January 5, 1863-9.15 p.m.

Brigadier General G. WEITZEL, Thibodeaux:

We have indirect information that the enemy has crossed the river

