
John Donoghue brought off from the camp of the Seventh Vermont Regiment their camp colors at the time of the retreat. John R. Duffee, of the Fourth Battery, accompanied by Ralph A. Rowley, of Magee's cavalry (acting orderly for Captain Manning), went onto the field and hitched his horses to the battery wagon of the Sixth Battery Massachusetts Volunteers, and brought it off from under the fire of the enemy. The battery brought off three caissons, a gun-carriages and limber, and a forge wagon belonging to the Sixth Massachusetts Battery. Also, accompanied by Captain Sawyer, of the Ninth Connecticut, they brought off four caissons and two limbers (first discovered by Captain Sawyer) of the enemy's also one ambulance wagon and one horse with artillery harness on. Lieutenant Taylor, of the Fourth Battery, left the hospital and attended to duty until obliged to return to the hospital from sickness.

Respectfully submitted.

CHARLES. MANNING,

Captain Fourth Battery Massachusetts Volunteers.

Colonel CAHILL,

Commanding Second Brigade, Department of the Gulf.

No. 16. Report of Lieutenant William W. Carruth, Sixth Battery Massachusetts Light Artillery.

BATON ROUGE, LA., August 6, 1862.

SIR: On Monday afternoon, the 4th instant, being then in command of a section of Indiana Light Artillery, I was ordered by Brigadier-General Williams to go immediately to the Sixth Massachusetts Battery (Everett's) and assume command of that company in anticipation of an attack. In obedience to that order I that afternoon took command of the battery. I found the whole number of men for duty to be 40. Captain Everett was absent in New Orleans on duty connected with the company; First Lieutenant Phelps was sick of fever in the hospital, and Second Lieutenant Allyn was confined to quarters by the same disease. The latter officer expressed himself ready for duty in case of action, and I therefore assigned him to the command of the left section of the battery. The center section was placed in charge of Lieutenant Bruce, while I took the right section under my immediate command. The small number of men for duty rendered it necessary for me to dismount the drivers of the caissons in order to obtain men to work the guns. The same cause made it necessary to have only four horses to a gun instead of six. Brigadier-General Williams had informed me that he had sent an order to the colonel of the Fourteenth Regiment Maine Volunteers to detail 30 men to report to me to work the guns. These men never reported.

A little before daylight on the morning of the 5th instant I heard firing in the direction of our pickets in our front, and immediately moved forward in that direction, being on the left of the line. Coming into battery a short distance in front of our camp, the six guns opened fire and covered the retreat of our pickets, who came in closely followed by the enemy, who at once directed volleys of musketry on us with no more damage than to wound a few horses. Being entirely without support, and the enemy in force, in danger of outflanking us, I ordered the battery to fall back slowly up the road onto a line formed by the Four-

