
are formidable. Our light field guns would make on impression upon them.

The apparent course of events in the North and Northwest make me feel some anxiety as to the defenses of this city. The garrisons at the forts below the city are strengthened by additional troops; that also at Ship Island; and the engineers are attending to the defenses of the city by new works as well as by repairing those now existing.

The enemy is concentrating all available forces on the river, and in the event of disasters North will not fail to turn their attention to this quarter.

These duties do not withdraw my attention from affairs up the river. There are 12,000 troops at Baton Rouge under General Grover.

The brigade organization of my entire command is inclose, and represents better than any other statement the strength and character of my command.*

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, January 7, 1863

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose and to invite your attention to a copy of the a letter of the 13th ultimo, addressed to this Department by W. F. M. Arny, Secretary and Acting Governor of the Territory of New Mexico, pointing out the necessity for further military force for the protection of that Territory.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

[Inclosure.]

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Santa Fe, N. Mex., December 13, 1862

Hon. W. H. SEWARD,

Secretary, State Department, Washington City:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of my message to the Legislature of this Territory, * and I would most respectfully invite your attention to page 15, and again urge the importance of additional troops for this Territory.

I am, reliably informed that some 5,000 rebel troops from Texas are preparing to invade New Mexico, with the intention of obtaining possession of this Territory and Colorado, and then, with Utah under Brigham Young, to establish a number of slave States.

The present was originated in consequence of the desire of the South to establish slavery in the Territories, and I am fully satisfied that they have not given up their intention, but will take advantage of any opportunity to accomplish it. And I believe that when our troops have taken possession of the coast of Texas and proceeded into the interior that the rebels will retreat into this and Colorado Territory, and to save this

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

41 R R-VOL XV

