
to organize. If the whole State were for the Union it would turn against the Government if the purpose of such men were tolerated.

I know the difficulties of my situation, which are very numerous and very great, and intend to do my duty faithfully while here, a duty from which I would in the failing condition of my health, most gladly be relieved; but I cannot suffer the indecency, falsehood, and corruption of these men to go without check. You need not be surprised, therefore if they are ordered to leave the department.

The military gentlemen accompanying General Hamilton sent to him by Governor Andrew are reputable men. They were greatly disappointed when they learned the destination of my expedition, and were sever, if not greatly unjust,in their censures upon all concerned. My belief is that their opinion concerning Texan affairs is essentially changed since the recent disaster.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS.

[JANUARY 7, 1863. - For Banks to Halleck, transmitting correspondence with French and Mexican consulates, see Series III, Vol. III.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 7. New Orleans, January 12, 1863

The United States commission of relief for the city of New Orleans represents to the commanding general "that the necessities of the poor are as urgent to-day as at any former period." Assessments upon property furnish at this time the only means for the relief of this class of people, and those who have publicly and voluntarily contributed financial aid, advice, and example to destroy public peace and deprive the poor of the means of employment and support may be justly required to relieve their wants and solace their suffering.

For this reason and purpose the commanding general confirms the assessments levied by General Orders, No. 105, dated December 9, 1862, and requires prompt payment thereof. Col. S. B. Holabird, chief quartermaster, is charge with the execution of this order.

Property thus applied will be a subject of equitable consideration hereafter. Is is believed that a liberal extension of trade, by furnishing employment to labor will relieve the public from further involuntary contributions for the support of the poor. The funds will be appropriated exclusively to public charity, their disbursement closely scrutinized, and every possible care taken to limit expenditures to the indigent and worthy. A commission representing private and public interests is charge with the investigation of the subject, and its report will be made public forthwith.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 8. New Orleans, January 12, 1863

Upon the report of the commission* appointed on the 25th day of De-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

