
with the responsibilities and duties of the commission herein named from and after this day.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 12. New Orleans, January 12, 1863

* * * * *

IV. The following-named regiments are organized into brigades as follows, and will constitute a division, to be commanded by Major General Christopher C. Augur. Orders for their concentration will be issued hereafter:

First Brigade, to be commanded by Brigadier General Michael Corcoran.- One hundred and seventieth New York, Colonel McDermott, not arrived; Sixty-ninth New York [One hundred and eighty-second], Colonel Murphy, not arrived; One hundred and seventy-fifth New York, Colonel Bryan, part at Carrollton; One hundred and fifty-fifth New York, not arrived; One hundred and sixty-fourth New York.

Second Brigade, to be commanded by Brigadier General Godfrey Weitzel. - Seventy-fifth New York, Colonel Merritt, La Fourche; One hundred and sixtieth New York, Colonel Dwight, La Fourche; Twelfth Connecticut, Colonel Deming, La Fourche; First Louisiana, Colonel Holcomb, Donaldsonville; One hundred and fourteenth New York, Col. E. B. Smith, La Fourche.

Third Brigade, to be commanded by Col. N. A. M. Dudley, Thirtieth Massachusetts Volunteers. - Ninety-first New York, Col. Van Zandt, Baton Rouge; Second Louisiana, Colonel Paine, Baton Rouge; Fiftieth Massachusetts, Colonel Messer, not arrived; One hundred and sixty-first New York, Colonel Harrower, Baton Rouge.

Colonel Dudley will proceed without delay to Baton Rouge and assume command of his brigade.

V. The portion of Emory's division now at Carrollton will be held in readiness to proceed to Baton Rouge at short notice upon receipt of orders to that effect.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

[RICH'D S. IRWIN,]

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,Washington, January 13, 1863-2.30 p.m.

Brigadier General G. L. ANDREWS, New York:

Transports for General Banks' army will be sent direct to New Orleans following the sailing directions given by the Quartermaster's Department.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

