
to the extent that may be compatible with justice and the public welfare.

I am, sir, your very obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

CITY HOTEL,

New Orleans, January 19, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS:

GENERAL: In our last interview you stated that you are willing to furnish transportation for the purpose of bringing off from Matamoras, Mex., such Texas refugees as amy be at that place desirous of reaching the protection of the United States. From the United States consul at that place I learn that there are quite a number there, and I shall order Lieutenant-Colonel Stancel, of the First Texas Cavalry, and Dr. William J. Moore, of the Second Texas Cavalry (who speaks the Spanish language), to go as soon as transportation may be furnished them to Matamoras, to bring off such refugees, most of whom are ready to join the service.

As these gentlemen will necessarily incur considerable expense in the discharge of their duty I have to ask that you place a sufficient sum for such contingencies at their disposal.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. J. HAMILTON,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

[Indorsements.]

Respectfully referred to Colonel Holabird, quartermaster, &c., for consideration and report.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

JANUARY 19.

None of our transports can to to Matamoras unless we control the river, and this seems to involve an expedition up it. There is no harbor or place where vessels can lie not now in the hands of the Confederates.

S. B. HOLABIRD,

Colonel and Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP WEITZEL,Donaldsonville, January 19, 1863.

Col. RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Gulf, New Orleans:

SIR: It is reported to me upon good authority that the enemy are in considerable force on the Grosse Tete, and that they intend to make an attack first upon Plaquemine and then upon this place. The force is variously estimated from 3,000 to 6,000, and have a good supply of artillery.

The roads are in very bad condition between this place and Grosse Tete, and if they intended to attack before I think they will give it up, hearing that General Weitzel has returned.

