
of the flotilla to know if he was in any danger of being attacked or if he could spare a boat for the lake service, to which he replied that he could spare her, as knew of nothing to prevent it, as the cotton was destroyed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. G. FARRAGUT,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding.

MATAMORAS, January 22, 1863.

DEAR MARKS: We are still without any of yours; have written to

you by every chance, and are anxiously waiting to her of your whereabouts, in order to act accordingly. In my last I mentioned to you of the Maja not being discharged yet, and since then nothing has been done, the weather having been very unsettled, so we have not yet received a package. Nevertheless we have made a sale to --- ---, amounting to $139,000, to be paid in -- on delivery of the goods, at the rate of 25 cents per pound. This invoice cost us about $36,000, delivered there, that is, across the river, and at Brownsville we receive the bales free of duty and expense. This is a splendid business.

We have also contracted with the same parties for the following articles, to be paid as above, with the same condition, of which particulars will be given to you by mail via Tampico or any other place that will offer:

50,000 pairs heavy shoes, heavy brogans, assorted sizes.

50,000 pairs heavy blankets, gray preferred.

50,000 pairs heavy woolen socks.

50,000 pairs heavy cotton socks.

25,000 yards heavy gray cloth.

20,000 yards heavy blue flannel.

2,500 sides harness leather.

2,500 sides sole leather.

2,500 pounds shoe thread.

2,500 pound flax thread, black and white.

Trimmings, linings, buckles, buttons, needles, &amp;c.

These articles will have to be bought, some in New York and the balance in Europe, but not knowing where you are, we hardly know where to direct this to you with any certainty; but at any rate buy some of these goods as quick as you can pick them up and forward them, no matter where this may find you. We shall wait to hear from you soon; if not, myself or Cam. will have to go and meet you, for these articles must be got for our friends; and besides this being an money-making business and safe. Besides the Maja's and Frederick's we will have in about ninety days at least 1,300 bales, and we will forward it as vessels will offer to Europe; so means will not be wanted.

This being sent by a friend to New Orleans I have no time to make any further explanations, but will do so via Havana and Tampico.

Yours,

J. MARKS.

DEAR JOHN: Having but a few minutes to write before we have to send this off via New Orleans, so we cannot write fully. But what Jonas mentions above is all O. K. As you well know, I would not undertake anything which we should run much risk. This I have arranged

