
enemy entirely to rout. They fled in the utmost confusion and did not return. We immediately moved to the rear a few yards in order to reform our line, forthwith faced about, and reoccupied our position in front of the Vermont camp. The enemy not reappearing we withdrew at our leisure, after searching for and bringing off our dead and wounded to the ground in the rear of the penitentiary, where we bivouacked during the remainder of the day and the succeeding night, and in the forenoon to-day I marched the regiment back to the quarters in the capitol, where it remained until 10 p.m., when it was reformed and marched back to the rear of the penitentiary, where it now remains.

The conduct of the officers and men is worthy of all praise, coming, as they did, a large number of them, from their sick beds to serve their country and maintain their previously well-armed reputation. It is well known that the severe and protracted tour in the swamps before Vicksburg, from which the regiment had returned only a few days ago, had greatly reduced the strength and spirits of the men, but they did their whole duty without flinching, and with cheerful determination to scatter the enemy along their front. The ground was held, the enemy driven back, and with but trifling loss on our side.

During the engagement I was constantly aided and advised by Colonel Dudley, who needs no commendation for his admirable skill and composure, and a great part of our success at the critical moment of the fight is attributable to his previous instructions and strict system of discipline.

Lieutenant Whitcomb, with Company C, under a hot fire, brought off one of the pieces of Manning's battery which was temporarily abandoned, having lost its men and horses, and deserves honorable mention. Early in the action, which lasted from 4 a.m. till 9 a. m., Lieutenant Howe, acting adjutant, had his horse shot under him, and was himself dangerously wounded. Quartermaster Tenney was severely wounded, as was also Lieutenant Gardner, of Company K; Sergeant Brooks, of Company C, color-bearer, and Color Corporal Rogers, of Company K, who lost his left arm, deserve honorable mention for bravery and good conduct during the entire engagement. Private McKenzie, of Company B, though wounded and with the bullet still in his body, remained on duty throughout the entire engagement and is now at his post. First Sergt. John P. Haley, of Company E, had command of a detachment of his company (the captain being on detached duty and the lieutenant being sick), and carried himself bravely. I append a list of casualties.*

Very respectfully,

H. O. WHITTEMORE,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant DIMON, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 18. Report of Captain Charles E. Clarke, Sixth Michigan Infantry.

BATON ROUGE, LA., August 7, 1862.

I have the honor to make to you the following report in regard to

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 51.

---------------

