
Leaving out of the question these reasons for recovering this country by troops of the so-called Southern Confederacy, the probabilities of an invasion cease. At this moment I consider such probabilities so remote as to justify me in employing the troops under my command in chastising the hostile tribes of Indians by which the settled portion of the Territory are surrounded. The Mescalero Apaches have been completely subdued. I have now 350 of that tribe at Fort Summer and en route thither. These comprise all that are left of those Indians, except a few who have either run off into Mexico or joined the Gila Apaches. I shall try to settle what have come in on a reservation near Fort Stanton and have them plant fields for their subsistence the coming year.

The expedition ordered into the Gila country has already been quite successful. Mangus Colorado, doubtless the worst Indian within our boundaries, and one who has been the cause of more murders and of more torturing and of burning at the stake in this country than all others together, has been killed; and in one battle a few days since over 20 of his followers were killed (the bodies counted) and quite an amount of stock captured. Amongst this stock were found some of the United States mules captured from one of our trains in an attack made on it by these Indians last November on the Jornada del Muerto. Hostilities against the Gila Apaches are now prosecuted with vigor and will be productive of lasting benefits.

The evidences of rich gold fields and of veins of silver and of inexhaustible mines of the richest copper in the country at the head of the Miembres River and along the country drained by the Upper Gila are of an undoubted character. It seems providential that the practical miners of California should have come here to assist in their discovery and development.

I have sent four companies of California Volunteers to garrison Fort West, in the Pinos Altos gold region. I beg to ask authority to let, say, one-fourth of the command at a time have one month's furlough to work in the gold mines on their own account. In this way the mines and the country will become developed, while the troops will become contented to remain in service where the temptation to leave it is very great.

By the time the spring opens the Apaches of the Gila will doubtless have been subdued, when I propose to punish the Navajo Indians for their recent murders and wholesale robberies. It is not practicable with my present force and amount of means to amen effective demonstrations on more than one tribe at a time. It may be set down as a rule that the Navajo Indians have long since passed that point when talking would be of any avail. They must be whipped and fear us before they will cease killing and robbing the people. All of the Colorado Volunteers have been ordered home.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General Commanding.

[FEBRUARY 1, 1863.-For Carleton to Adjutant-General U. S. Army, transmitting Major David Fergusson's report of survey of Port Lobos and Libertad, Gulf of California, &amp;c., see Series III, Vol. III.]

