
by the authorities of the Presidio del Norte and El Paso of the facts complained of, and that he had issued orders for the prevention of the like occurrence again, further assuring me that he would reiterate his orders, enjoining a strict compliance with them, and would give me certified copies of said instructions, which I have the honor to inclose herewith. The Governor said the prefects of the frontier allowed the passage of Skillman and others, as they came under the pretext that they were on purposes of trade, &amp;c., and were armed solely for self-defense against Indians.

He stated that he would with pleasure grant passports to United States officers, and such arms and escorts as might be necessary for their protection, desiring to visit Chihuahua for the purpose of obtaining supplies, and assured me that no efforts of any parties to prejudice the Mexican people against our cause would avail, as they were almost unanimous in their good-will toward our Government, looking upon the cause of the Union as the cause of human progress and closely identified with their own welfare as a nation. Much social intercourse with the principal families in Chihuahua has convened me that such is the fact, and I am sure the Governor is very friendly, and understands the question at issue in our country very intelligently, and heartily yields our cause all his sympathies. He has given proofs during my limited stay, which I cheerfully acknowledge and bear testimony to. He desired me to convey the assurance of his distinguished consideration to the general commanding the Department of New Mexico and to myself, and to express his good-will and utmost desire to preserve and cherish the friendly relations existing between the two nations, and to say that he will prevent, so far as in his power, the passage through Chihuahua of any armed organizations having hostile designs against our Government.

His Excellency expressed a hope that some measures might be adopted to rid the neighborhood of the Presidio del Norte of a gang of Mexican and American desperadoes who live at Leaton's Fort, on the Texas side of the Rio Grande. He stated that recently they crossed to Del Norte and took a peaceable citizen (naturalized American I understand), named Wolfe, from his bed, and carrying him across the river hanged him until life was nearly extinct, for no other reason than that he was a Union man. Outrages of this nature are reported as frequent there by these villains, the chief of whom is one Edward Hall, living at Leaton's Fort. In the absence of American troops or civil authorities I would strongly recommend that the Governor of Chihuahua be authorized, on the proper requisition, to cross the river and arrest at least the Mexican desperadoes. Hall, the American desperado, recently robbed Fort Davis of much public property, I was informed, and sold it in Chihuahua. He claims to be an agent of the so-called Confederate States, and exhibited a paper signed by a notary public to the effect that he was legally empowered to dispose of property taken from Fort Davis. Justice has a strong claim on this bad rebel.

I left Chihuahua on the 2nd, returning via Guadalupe and San Elizario, and arrived yesterday, the 12th instant. I will hereafter submit an itinerary of the route traveled.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. FERGUSSON,

Colonel First Cavalry, California Volunteers.

