
no torpedoes have been placed in the Teche, but does not know. He says the officers told him if questions were asked him by us to say he knew nothing, but made him give no parole. I think he tells the truth. He was in New Iberia last Monday. He says they have the Host nearly ready. The Zouave (small), he has heard, they intend arming. The Cricket, Darby, Gossamer, Blue Hammock were all small stern-wheel boats, the Gossamer being the largest. The Queen of the West was reported to have been captured and believed by General Sibley to be true. All the small boats last named are used as transports. The deserters they have had from us have told them we did not intend attacking them at present. Two men from the battery escaped yesterday and went over to them. These he saw yesterday evening or this morning. I suppose you must have heard of the recent deserters, 7 in number, from our forces here to the enemy. I had not heard of them before now. The Spaniard is now here, but goes to New Orleans to-morrow.

If you wish anything done with him telegraph.

Respectfully,

PICKERING D. ALLEN.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION,Camp Stevens, February 21, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Comdg. Dept. of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: The above is from my aide-de-camp at Berwick Bay. I believe every word of it. It agrees with all I previously knew and heard from reliable sources. I will be at Brashear City with my whole brigade by to-morrow night.

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Vols., Comdg. Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., February 23, 1863.

BrigadierGeneral LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Early in January of this year I authorized General West, United States Volunteers, commanding the District of Arizona, in this department, to send to the city of Chihuahua, in Mexico, Major (now LieutenantCol.) David Fergusson, First Cavalry, California Volunteers, that he might make arrangements with parties living in that city, so that we could gain intelligence of the rebel troops in Texas, particularly with regard to an advance, if any should be made, of any considerable force, having in view a re-occupation of new Mexico or Arizona.

Major Fergusson has filled the requirements of his mission in a most satisfactory manner. Inclosed herewith please find a copy of his report. You will see that it is very full, and gives much information that will be very valuable to the War Department as to the strength and probable disposition of troops in Texas; of the dissatisfaction alleged to prevail among those troops; of the cost of provisions and other articles in that State; of the resources of Chihuahua; of rebels escaping from California through Chihuahua to the South.

