
sheep to the number of about 30,000, owned by Terrazas and Muller,

there is not a hoof of stock in this great valley, where formerly they were innumerable.

The only settlements on the route ar Carrizal, a small, poor village of about 300 inhabitants; Los Encenillas, a hacienda, and El Sanz, a ranch, where the Governor has a few peons living, and Sacramento, containing 200 or thereabouts. From the latter place to Chihuahua there are three or four ranches.

Chihuahua is a neat, clean city, of about 13,000 inhabitants. Its police is excellent, and good order and cleanliness are characteristics of it. Very little cultivation in its vicinity. The nearest is San Geronimo, to any extent, about 6 leagues distant.

Many secessionists from California make their way in small parties to Texas through Chihuahua. Nelson, the captain of Showalter's party, and three or four more of his band, with Yancey, late of Tuscon, and about ten more of the same brod, were in Chihuahua when I arrived. Dan Showalter, David Douglass, late secretary of state of California, and some seven or eight more, passed two months previous.

I was told at Guadalupe that between 50 and 60 Californians passed en route for Texas through that place on the 5th and 6th instant.

I have the honor to be, sir, with mush respect, your obedient servant,

D. FERGUSSON,

Major First Cavalry, California Volunteers.

[Sub-inclosure.]

CHIHUAHUA, MEX., January 27, 1863.

UNITED STATES CONSUL,

Matamoras, Mex.:

SIR: It is of vast importance that the military authorities of the District of Arizona and the Department of New Mexico should have reliable and detailed intelligence of any movements of the enemy from Texas upon Arizona or New Mexico.

It occurs to me that you are very favorably situated to obtain such information, and I do not hesitate to apply to you as a public officer to keep the commanding officer of the Military District of Arizona (stationed at Mesiall) advised of all such intelligence upon this point as you can obtain. Intelligence of arrival, operations, &amp;c., of our national troops from the East in Texas will be very desirable and highly esteemed, as also general information of the force of the enemy in Texas, their composition, the condition of their supplies and resources, and such resources as might be obtained for our troops on the Rio Grande in your vicinity.

Communications on the above subjects forwarded under cover to Mr. Reuben W. Creel, a loyal, patriotic American merchant and confidential military agent in this city, will be sent Mr. Creel to their destination without delay. Any expense incurred in acquiring and forwarding information as above will be paid by the quartermaster's department of the order of the commanding officer of the District of Arizona or Department of New Mexico.

You can place implicit confidence in Mr. Creel, who may correspond with you. There is no American consul here at present.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. FERGUSSON,

Major First Cavalry, California Volunteers.

(The same, mutatis mutandis, to the American consul at Monterey, Mex.)

