
[Inclosure No. 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., February 20, 1863.

His Excellency DON LUIS TERRAZAS,

Governor of Chihuahua, Mex.:

MY DEAR SIR: I beg to express to Your Excellency my deep and heartfelt thanks for the very kind and hospitable reception which you gave to my agent, Major (now LieutenantCol.) David Fergusson, of the First Cavalry, California Volunteers, on his late visit to the capital city of the sovereign State of which Your Excellency is the Chief Magistrate. If it shall ever happen that Your Excellency will give myself, or the officers and men whom I have the honor to command, an opportunity to make a return for all your courtesy and kindness, you will see that we are mindful of the deep obligations under which you have placed us.

I have understood that a band of outlaws and desperadoes reside at a place called Leaton's Fort, in the State of Texas, and that it is their habit to cross the Rio Grande near that point and commit outrages upon the citizens of Presidio del Norte, in the State of Chihuahua.

Should Your Excellency desire to send across the river and seize by force the ruffians alluded to this shall be your authority for so ding, and more particularly shall this be full authority for you to send across the Rio Grande and arrest for trial those who seized on the Chihuahua side a naturalized American citizen named Wolfe and bore him across to the Texas side, and there hung him until life was nearly extinct, simply because he was a Union man.

There is a villain at Leaton's Fort name Edward Hall, who is said to be the leader of that gang. If he conducted the party that seized and hung Wolfe he should be dealt summarily with. A stern example should be made of such a ruffian. In case Your Excellency desires co-operation on our part to break up this nest of outlaws you have but to appoint a time and arrange a place, when we will give you our hearty support.

The question about the people in Janos and other frontier towns selling powder to Apache Indians, as it is alleged they do, will merit your serious consideration.

Pray accept my best wishes for your health and prosperity.

I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's obedient and humble servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

MESILLA, ARIZ., February 13, 1863.

BrigadierGeneral JOSEPH R. WEST,

Commanding District of Arizona, Present:

GENERAL: When in conversation with the Governor of Chihuahua the subject of the guns referred to in your letter of January 3 was brought up. He told me that he had received General Carleton's communication, dated October 9, and had two or three days previous to my arrival answered it. He desired me to assure General Carleton that no question will arise relative to these guns that will in any manner interrupt the friendly relations which he desires to exist between himself, the general, and all he United States authorities. He said that

