
prevent the enemy from occupying the place in force, but could not prevent small parties from committing any depredations they choose; consequently the fear of the enemy's cavalry on the one hand and starvation on the other induced nine-tenths of the inhabitants to follow the movement.

Under these circumstances I considered it my duty to afford the people all the facilities to move which it lay in my power to extend, and having but one steamer (Eastern Queen) to transport ordnance, quartermaster, and commissary stores, inhabitants, with their effects, as well as the troops, it was necessarily a very tedious and embarrassing operation. To add to the difficulty some evil-disposed persons, either out of a spirit of mischief or a hope of plunder, took occasion to set fire to several buildings, although the most rigorous precautions were taken to prevent it, which resulted in the destruction of thirty or forty houses, mostly of the poorer class.

Although the movement was tedious, owing to unavoidable circumstances, the public property was all removed without loss or damage, and the majority of the troops behaved with credit.

On Friday, 20th instant, the Twenty-eighth Connecticut Volunteers removed from Pensacola, and the Fifteenth Maine left on Sunday, 22nd instant. The Twenty-eighth Maine Volunteers sailed for New Orleans on Monday, 23rd instant, in the Eastern Queen, which steamer I was under the necessity of detaining until the completion of the evacuation.

All which is respectfully submitted.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISAAC DYER,

Colonel Fifteenth Maine Volunteers, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF,19TH A. C., No. 25. New Orleans, April 6, 1863.

I. So much of paragraph II of General Orders, No. 17, current series, from these headquarters, authorizing the re-enlistment of men belonging to the nine-months' regiments in the cavalry and artillery, as limits the period within which such re-enlistments may be made to the 1st instant, is hereby revoked.

II. As a mark of respect for the memory of the gallant officer who fell in the defense of that place the new field work at Baton Rouge will be known as Fort Williams.

III. All persons coming within the lines of this department will be required to take the oath of allegiance to the United States, except prisoners of war and deserters from the military or naval service of the enemy.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D S. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES NEW ORLEANS,April 8, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf:

COLONEL: I informed the general of the loss of the Barataria this morning. The position at Manchac Pass is as follows:

Jones Island occupied by a few companies, with two field pieces in

