
in the mean time to the right and left to watch them. It was then reported that a battery and a considerable force of infantry had taken position a short distance in front of our camp, directly on the right of our line. A few discharges from their battery, confirmed this. I immediately changed front by file to the right and opened fire on them, and, with our battery posted in the road a little to the right and rear of us, held them completely in check. In the mean time a heavy fire was pouring through the cemetery, in the front of the Twenty-first Indiana. We changed front once more, and gave the right the advantage of one well-directed fire. Then came some most terrific yells from the right, which indicated the success of the enemy, and led the general to suppose, as he informed me, that they were attempting to turn our right. We were then ordered to the right, the battery on our right retiring about 50 roads. As the enemy had a battery in the road directly in front of us, which would have exposed the men to its fire, we were obliged to demolish a strong board fence and move through a corn field to a lane in the rear of our camp, up which we passed, and formed our line on the opposite side of the road. We were then ordered up with the Twenty-first Indiana, which had fallen back to the position then occupied by us. The attack was then resumed. The Twenty-first Indiana was deployed as skirmishers on our right and left. We formed our line of battle just in rear of their camp, and moved up with hearty cheers. Here we had the most severe fight of the day. At this time my horse was shot under me, and I lost some of my best officers and men. We maintained our position for half an hour or more amidst a perfect shower of bullets, when General Williams rode up, said the enemy were giving away, and asked if we could advance on them once more. The men answered with three cheers and moved forward. This was under a most deadly fire.

In this connection I must mention Captain French, of Company K, who was the first to follow and place himself by my side. The men, without exception, came up nobly. The battery in this road had then retired. Just in our rear General Williams fell in sight of our men. This did not dampen their ardor. We then moved a little to the left, discovering the enemy's right flank exposed. A few rounds silenced their fire at this point. We then left the field in perfect order, and leaving my men in a ravine on the right of the penitentiary, where I found most of the other regiments posted, under command of Lieutenant Col. T. W. Porter, of this regiment; being myself at this time assigned to the command of the left wing, consisting of the Fourth Wisconsin, Seventh Vermont, Fourteenth Maine, and Manning's battery. We immediately thereafter reoccupied our ground, buried our own dead and those of the enemy, and cared for their wounded.

Our killed are 36; missing, 12; wounded, 71; total, 119. Among the wounded are 7 who have since suffered amputation of a leg.

I beg leave to mention especially Lieutenant Col. T. W. Porter, who during the whole engagement was brave and cool, and rendered me valuable aid and assistance. Major C. S. Bickmore was severely wounded early in the engagement. His conduct en the field merits special mention. My adjutant J. H. Metcalf (slightly wounded), proved himself a most faithful and valuable officer. My chaplain, G. W. Bartlett, was everywhere present, watching our flank and carrying orders, and proved that he was the right man in the right place. My quartermaster, J. H. Crowell, rendered similar assistance, and was ready to perform whatever was necessary to be done. Surgeon Adams, without an

