
terminated. Whether favorably or unfavorably, their termination will leave some vessels available for the Mississippi River. The delay has been entirely unexpected and has greatly disarranged the plans of the Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

GENERAL ORDERS,HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF,19TH A. C., No. 27 Camp at Brashear City, April 9, 1863.

Pillage and depredations upon private property are forbidden and must be suppressed.

Whatever property is necessary to the support of the army will be taken by the Government, and liberal compensation will be made therefor, according to its value, in the country where it is taken, to all well disposed persons.

The loss of property applied to the use of the rebels or destroyed by fire will fall upon the owners and the people.

If they ask reparation for their losses, the preservation of their property, or a return to peace, prosperity, and power, let them restore the Government of the United States.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 11, 1863.

To Brigadier General JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding the Forces of New Mexico, Santa Fe:

The citizen political chief of the canton Aldama, office No. 25, date 7th instant, says the following to the sovereignty of this Government:

The citizen president of the municipality of the north tells me in an official note from the 9th of March last what I herewith copy, viz:

"No knowledge was had at this presidency that the American Esquilman and his companions, 12 in number, as I have afterward learned, had a mission of war when he touched the Mexican soil, nor has it remotely occurred to me that he was an exploring officer, who should penetrate into this country for the purpose of insidiously watching the movements of the Army of the North of the United States.

"Esquilman and his 12 companions arrived here with the appearances of sojourners who were going to California. Their clothing and manners gave no reason to suspect them to be military men from the South, as they were in disguise, and it was very probable to suppose them to be some common sojourners, as well for their small number as for their bad accouterments. Furthermore, they were at this place only when they returned from El Paso, because I knew then that when they came they did so on the other side, crossing the Bravo near the Ford of Stone (Bado de Piedra) to gain the right river side.

"Notwithstanding all this, if hereafter it should come to my knowledge that any foreign force should intend a passage by this place I shall prevent it and account for it, as being according to our laws and the neutrality of our conduct.

"Herewith I comply and answer to the supreme order which you were pleased officially to transcribe to me of the date of February 2 last. I insert if for you, that you may have the kindness to bring it to the knowledge of the citizen Governor, assuring him of my most distinguished regard and esteem.

"I also have the honor to transcribe it to you as the result of the advice and charges which Major David Fergusson, in his mansion in this city, made in your name in regard to this same affair to the authority of the Presidio del Norte in the mouth of January last.

"Herewith I offer you my very respectful regards."

Good, liberty, and reform.

Chihuahua, April 11, 1863.

LOUIS TERRAZAS.

