
assistant, did his duty nobly. You will see by the report that he has had his full share of it.

It is very difficult to make special mention where all did so well. Considering the suddenness of the attack on raw troops, posted in the front, I trust that they acquitted themselves to your satisfaction. How well, you can perhaps judge better than I. If any mistook the nature of a real conflict they will know it hereafter, I trust. They know, if any such there were, that the country this time cannot afford to keep men in commission or in the ranks who are not at all times reliable.

I must make especial mention of Captain J. P. French, Company, before spoken of. Captain R. W. Mullen, Company B; First Lieutenant I. B. Gardner, Company I; First Lieutenant George Blodget, Company A; First Lieutenant J. M. Wiswell, Company G; First Lieutenant J. H. Spencer, Company B; Second Lieutenant B. B. Glidden, Company F; Second Lieutenant Aaron H. Keene, Company E; Second Sergt. James A. Seavey, Company C; Sergeant Snow, Company D; Corporal Edminster, Company D; Private A. Blackman, Company F, and Private Preble, Company I, exhibited rare bravery. Our color-sergeant lost a leg, and every member of the color guard save 2 was either killed or wounded. It is impossible to be entirely accurate at present, and, fearing I may do injustice to some, whenever the facts shall warrant I will make this matter the subject of a further report.

I feel that I should do injustice in this report did I not especially mention Sergeant-Major Adams, Acting Ordnance-Sergeant Long, Quartermaster-Sergeant Gardiner, and Commissary-Sergeant Jackman, who borrowed guns and entered the ranks at the commencement of the action.

WE captured 6 prisoners (1 lieutenant of Thirty-first Alabama). We also took 28 of arm, which await your order in my camp.*

I have the honor to be, yours, very respectfully,

F. S. NICKERSON,

Colonel, Commanding Fourteenth Maine Volunteers.

Lieutenant H. H. ELLIOTT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

No. 21. Report of Lieutenant Col. Richard Fitz Gibbons, Ninth Connecticut Infantry.

BATON ROUGE, LA., August 8, 1862.

In accordance with General Orders, No. 2, I herewith submit my report of the engagement of the 5th instant:

The Ninth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers, Col. Thomas W. Cahill commanding, marched out, according to previous orders, about 3 a.m. on the morning of the 5th instant and took position on the left of the line of defense, having the Fourth Wisconsin Regiment on its left, and a section, consisting of two howitzers of Manning's Fourth Massachusetts Battery, on its right. The position was one admirably calculated for military movements, being situated on a hill overlooking the Bayou Gross and about half way between the river and the Bayou Sara road. At about 4 a.m., picket firing was heard on the right, followed by heavy volleys of musketry and artillery. The fog at this

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties omitted; embodied in revised statement, p. 51.

---------------

