
XXVII.

There has been no communication from the depot below this place by boat for some days. The Hart is not yet removed; the machinery here is not strong enough for the purpose. I have received 169 prisoners from the provost here. I shall bury the dead and destroy the enemy's earthworks, as directed, and shall not again report unless something of importance arises, until I go into camp at Brashear City, as directed by Brigadier-General Andrews.

I am, my dear colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELISHA B. SMITH,

Colonel, Comdg. One hundred and fourteenth New York.
HEADQUARTERS, PORT HUDSON, LA.,April 26, 1863.

COMMANDING OFFICER U. S. STEAMER GENESEE,

Mississippi River:

SIR: Your note of yesterday's date to commanding officer of my picket opposite Thompson's Point has been forwarded to me.

In reply I have to state that I look upon your notice for families to withdraw from the vicinity of the pickets as merely indicating an intention of destroying houses and other private property on the river, as such has been the mode of warfare adopted by the United States forces when they have failed upon an attack upon batteries or stations of troops.

My pickets are posted without reference to houses in their vicinity, and as it is not the intention to consult the commander of the United States steamer Genesee as to their position, they will not be withdrawn upon any threats from him.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General, Commanding C. S. Forces.

GENERAL ORDERS,HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF,19TH A. C., No. 35. New Orleans, April 27, 1863.

Registered enemies of the United States are hereby ordered to leave this department on or before the 15th day of May proximo. The provost-marshal-general is charged with the peremptory execution of this order.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, 19TH A. C., No. 37. New Orleans, April 29, 1863.

Any person who shall be convicted before the commanding general of this department of furnishing supplies to the enemies of the United States in arms shall suffer the penalty of death.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

