
time was very dense, and the maneuvers of the enemy only to be determined from the firing, which, being principally upon the center and very severe, it was thought advisable to move the regiment to the support of the center. This was done, reaching the north road, along which it marched until, coming within range of the enemy's guns and receiving a shower of grape and canister, the regiment, filed off and formed line of battle in a corn field on the right of the road, while the battery took position on the road and opened fire, when the enemy fell back. The order then being given to fall back, and it appearing that our left flank was exposed, we marched by, filed to the left, and resumed our position of the morning, and afterward took occupation of a cemetery, ready to support when called upon; while at the same time covering the left flank, able supported on the left by the Fourth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, who had been with us in our movements throughout the entire day. At this time Colonel Cahill sent Major Frye, of this regiment, to the right for orders, who shortly returned with the melancholy intelligence of the death of Brigadier-General Williams, and Colonel Cahill, as senior field officer present on duty, by order of Lieutenant and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General H. H. Elliott, took command of the brigade; and, by his after order, the left wing, including this regiment, was under command of Colonel Nickerson, of the Fourteenth Maine Volunteers.

At this time, the firing having ceased on the right and center, word was sent us that the left wing was about to be attacked, and a section of Everett's battery was sent to its support, to which were detailed from this regiment, as artillerists, 5 men, 30 men having been previously detailed to Nims' battery. The section of Manning's battery having also come up on our right the attack was not renewed, but the regiment remained in position for the remainder of the day and night.

On the morning of the 6th instant Captain S. W. Sawyer, of Company H, with a detachment, captured and brought in five caissons, loaded with ammunition, belonging to the enemy.

Our loss is comparatively small, owing to the overshooting of the enemy. The officers and men of the regiment deserve great credit for their good conduct and discipline, laboring, as they did, under the disadvantage of having but 12 line officers in the field, the others being on detached service or previously sick in the hospitals. Adjutant Kattenstroth and Sergeant-Major Curtis also rendered efficient service.

We captured 24 prisoners (one a commissioned officer), mostly belonging to the Fourth Louisiana Regiment, 14 of whom were wounded. Our casualties were as follows: Killed 1, wounded, 9, missing 4.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD FITZ GIBBONS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Ninth Connecticut Volunteers.

Lieutenant H. H. ELLIOTT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 22. Report of Captain James Grimsley, Twenty-first Indiana Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST INDIAN,Baton Rouge, La., August 7, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to your order, with reference to the part in action

