
XXVII.

colony when the war ended, whose interests would lead the officers and soldiers to remain in the new El Dorado.

Pray give all this a thought. It is not a chimera, but a subject that is worthy of the attention of the Government now. California, you remember, was not considered so valuable an acquisition until its gold startled the whole world. Do not despise New Mexico as a drain upon the General Government. The money will all come back again.

The report of Captain McCleave I allowed to be printed to make others emulous of the self-denial, fixedness of purpose, and hard work of these Californians. This McCleave is the officer I wrote to you about as one who would not draw his pay while he was a prisoner with the rebels. As a soldier you will see he has tolerably fair qualities.

I am, general, very sincerely, yours,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEX MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., May 10, 1863.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I am officially informed by the superintendent of Indian affairs for New Mexico, under date of the 9th instant, that persons who have just crossed the plains to this Territory from Missouri state that there is evidence of hostile intention toward the whites among the Indians of the great prairies lying between New Mexico and the frontier of Kansas, Missouri, &amp;c. This feeling, it seems, has manifested itself so far that the agent in charge of some of these Indians has written to traders and expressed the belief that there would be a general uprising among those tribes unless steps are taken to prevent it. If the War Department will station one good regiment of cavalry at Old Fort Atkinson, below the lower crossing of the Arkansas at the Lower Cimarron Springs, and ont he headwaters, of the Cimarron, near Cold Spring, on the old Cimerron route, say four companies at each point, it would be a timely precaution so far as these Indians are concerned.

This year the merchants of New Mexico have sent larger and more trains to the States for goods than ever before. Indeed nearly all of the available capital in this country is invested in means of transportation, and goods will in six weeks be afloat, as it were, on the great plains. Besides, all of the army supplies for the troops in this Territory will shortly be on the way out. The danger from attacks by Indians is not the least danger to provide against. The rebels in Arkansas under Price and the rebels in Texas know as well as we do just what will be upon the road; just how vital all those supplies are to us; just how poorly they may be guarded; and if they have the enterprise, which I believe they have, they will give us a good deal of trouble by cavalry raids after the grass has grown. Therefore I beg the Department to send the force indicated and keep the garrisons at Forts Larned and Wise in good strength in the number and quality of the troops. This should in my opinion be done without delay.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

