
time. I find my maps very incorrect. There is no road crossing the one running from near White's (Black's Creek, called by some) Bayou to Bayou Sara. With the exception of a small quantity of water in this latter bayou, there is no water on the route up to this point for a command one-eighth the size of this. I expected to find abundance of water in the bayou crossing the road between this point and the Clinton road, but it was entirely dry. This necessity compelled me to come to this place, which made my march to-day 17 miles. My advance regiment, notwithstanding the delay caused by a cautions march in the forenoon, got into camp at 1 o'clock.

Mr. Merritt, a party who took the oath of allegiance a few days since at Bayou Rouge, informs me that the enemy has a brigade on this road beyond the Port Hudson road. He got his information from the enemy's pickets that came out this morning.

I am bivouacked in a belt of timber with an open area on all sides of my forces, a deep gully running through the center, which can be used as a cover for my infantry if pushed. I feel confident I can hold my position against twice my own force if attacked.

Since crossing Cypress Bayou our advance guard has hardly been out of sight of the enemy's scouts. They are evidently on the wide awake lookout for the Illinois cavalry.

The only casualty during the day has been the wounding of one horse of Godfrey's cavalry. One prisoner, belonging to the Tennessee Cavalry, was captured by Lieutenant Carlton in a hand to hand conflict.

The men of the several corps have nobly stood the day's march, especially the last two hours, with the hot sun on their blacks, no shade for some 5 miles and the dust almost intolerable. Not over 10 men fell to the rear during the march. No information of Colonel Grierson's command up to this hour.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

[N. A. M. DUDLEY,?]

Colonel and Acting Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Alexandria, May 12, 1863.

Col. S. B. HOLABIRD,

Chief Quartermaster, Brashead of New Orleans:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs me to inclose to you a copy of his order of this morning to Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler.

General Grant having decided to move alone against Vicksburg, the commanding general decides to return, via Opelousas, New Iberia, and Brashear, to Baton Rouge, and thence operate alone upon Port Hudson. You will regard this as strictly confidential.

The general desires you to come down to Brahear immediately and see that everything is pushed to secure the accomplishment of his objects as speedily as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Alexandria, May 12, 1863-8 p. m.

Col. J. G. CHANGLER, Assistant Quartermaster:

There must be preparations for the immediate removal of the sick,

