
the cotton, and negroes at Barre's Landing and at New Iberia, and transports, flats, steamers, &amp;c., to take disabled men from these points on our march. Everything should be accumulated at Brashear to cross our transportation and troops across the bay. The cattle, mules, horses, and negroes should be crossed at once.

Let every possible exertion be made to open Bayous Plaquemine and Sorrel. We want to reach Port Hudson early and cover everything. The army will march in a day or two.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Alexandria, May 12, 1863.

Lieutenant Col. J. G. CHANDLER,

Assistant Quartermaster, Brashear:

SIR: The commanding general directs me to inform you that in consequence of information received from General Grant of his movements he has decided to march via Opelousas and New Iberia to Brashear City. The command will probably take up the line of march in two days.

By the Union, which is to take this, will be sent an order to turn back to Barre's Landing all boats which she may meet above the Courtableau, and to order all boats that she may meet below Courtebleau to go also to Barre's Landing. There they are to take on board the sick and disabled, the negroes, cotton, and other supplies, and take them to Brashear City. You will send all your disposable boats to Barre's Landing for the same purpose except those hereinafter directed to be sent to New Iberia.

We shall expect to find 150,000 partial rations at Barre's Landing. If the orders which have been given have been executed 100,000 of these rations will be on the boats which the Union meets, and you will in that case only have to send up the remaining 50,000; but you will please be sure that the whole supply reaches Barre's Landing in time. We shall expect to find 75,000 partial rations at New Iberia.

You will send one or two boats to New Iberia to take the sick and the negroes, cotton, and other supplies, and the Diana's guns to Brashear.

You will use every possible exertion to get all the property collected on the Berwick City side across Berwick Bay.

You will retain all negroes, horses, mules, and cattle at Brashear City for the present. All other property, guns, lumber, cotton, sugar, &c., you will send at once to Algiers. You will push forward the work of clearing out Bayou Sorrel.

The foregoing is communicated by direction of the general commanding.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

