HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT No. 1,Camp Moore, La., May 14, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Corinth, Miss.:

DEAR GENERAL: I received your dispatch this afternoon.* As you are aware, I have sent two regiments and some artillerists to Vicksburg, which leaves me here only 2,600 armed men, of which more than half are new levies. This body of men which you dignify with the title of "my army," would add little or nothing to the efficient force of your army, but it withdrawn from here would necessarily leave the railroad open from New Orleans to Jackson and let the enemy in upon you from behind. Besides having been placed in command in this department, I do not feel authorized in abandoning it without orders from Richmond, and the Governor of Louisiana objects strongly to my leaving the State with all the troops.

You ask me why the Mississippi was burned. I should like to know myself. I rather think it was due to want of a little foresight and presence of mind on the part of those whose business it was to take care of her. I had no control over anything belonging to the Navy, as they had their own officers and agents in New Orleans, who were entirely independent of me.

I did not mean to say in my last letter that you had diverted anything from me except the 800 guns, but nearly everybody else did. Scarcely anything that started for New Orleans ever got there, except by means of special agents, who would not give up what they had in charge.

I am getting my recruits into some sort of shape, but it is uphill work. General Smith was sent to Vicksburg to take command, but finds some one there who claims to be in command by your orders or Bragg's. If that is so I had better recall Smith, as I am doing his work in his absence.

Governor Moore left to-day for Opelousas. I am trying to organize some Partisan Rangers in the State to prevent marauding excursions of small parties of the enemy.

Yours, truly,

M. LOVELL.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT No. 1,Camp Moore, La., May 14, 1862.

Gov. THOMAS O. MOORE:

SIR: I have just received with great surprise your note of this date,* declaring that "if this camp is attacked it will be captured or routed in confusion." I beg leave to differ with you entirely on that point.

This camp cannot be attacked by the enemy in any force without at least twenty-four hours' notice. The men are in large part armed; have plenty of ammunition, and are in as good order and discipline as I have ever known raw new levies to be with uninstructed officers. As to their courage I have no question. If routed at all, it will be by superior forces and hard fighting. Neither has the enemy the means to attack it by land at present.

My information shows me that there is no body of the enemy over 200 in number nearer than Baton Rouge, and abundant measures have been

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

