HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT No. 1, C. S. A.,Camp Moore, La., May 17, 1862.

Gov. THOMAS O. MOORE, Opelousas:

SIR: From what I can learn of the state of things over on the line of the Opelousas Railroad I think it would be advisable to call out all the militia in that section of the country, destroy that railroad, and clear out the small parties of the enemy who are roving through that portion of the State with a careless imprudence that is astonishing.

In order to create something of a nucleus to rally upon I have ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Shields, with one good company, to proceed to Thibodeaux, if they can get across the river, and thence communicate with Mr. Goode, Major Fournet, and Captain Ker, the two last of whom should have 400 or 500 armed men west of Berwick Bay. Mr. Goode left here to raise a company of rangers. I have telegraphed to Richmond for authority to raise these guerrilla companies at once, as every day's delay gives the enemy a stronger foothold in the country. No answer has been received as yet.

If any plan can be devised by which it can be safely sent I will order to the west side of the river 100,000 rounds of shot-gun cartridges for service of rangers and militia, but until the river falls so as to leave the railroad free opposite Vicksburg I do not well see how it can be got across. The enemy holds most of the ferries. I hope to hear from you when you reach your destination.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. LOVELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

There are several experienced officers here who were in Louisiana regiments in Virginia and were not re-elected. If commissioned in the State service they would prove of valuable assistance to you in this juncture.

M. L.

ORDERS, HDQRS. LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 589. Opelousas, May 19, 1863.

I. In view of the troubles now existing in the parish of Avoyelles Col. W. W. Johnson will remain with his command, Johnson's Special Battalion, in the parish until further orders.

* * * * *

By order of Thos. O. Moore, Governor and commander-in-chief:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT No. 1, C. S. A.,Camp Moore, La., May 20, 1862.

Gov. THOMAS O. MOORE:

DEAR SIR: At the urgent request of Beauregard, backed by Governor Pettus, I send two regiments (the Third Mississippi and Twenty-eighth Louisiana) to Vicksburg to-day, and shall run up myself for a day or two to help push matters along. I leave in an hour.

