
It is absolutely necessary that some steps should be taken to stop the incursions of the enemy in the lower part of the State. The only means I now have is to organize bands of Partisan Rangers. If I wait for captains to apply through General Lovell to the Secretary of War the delay will be ruinous, and I therefore have given to-day authority to Captain Goode to raise a company of rangers for operation in Terre Bonne. I shall grant similar privileges to such others as circumstances may suggest, and shall report all of them to the Secretary of War, who I hope will confirm these authorizations.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

THO. O. MOORE,

Governor.

[Indorsement.]

Secretary of War for special attention. Call on General Lovell for report as to fort at Grand Caillou.

J. D.

RICHMOND, VA., May 21, 1862.

Major General MANSFIELD LOVELL, Camp Moore, La.:

I am informed that you do not consider yourself instructed as to the destruction of the cotton on the Mississippi, and to avoid misconception or mistake I now instruct you to destroy cotton, tobacco, military and naval stores, or other property of any kind whatever which may aid the enemy in the prosecution of the war whenever and wherever in your judgment it is necessary to prevent such property from falling into the hands of the enemy.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

VICKSBURG, MISS., May 22, 1862.

General GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

You were misinformed. I have already given full instructions for destruction of the property named.

M. LOVELL.

VICKSBURG, May 23, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Corinth, Miss.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I came up here a day or two since with several additional regiments, with the view of strengthening this point in such a manner as to prevent the enemy from getting possession of this railroad. Yesterday, to my great astonishment, General ruggles presented himself here with an order, taking command of several places heretofore always considered as belonging to Department No. 1. There never was any definite line of demarkation between the departments, but it was generally understood that my department embraced the State of Mississippi up to the line of North Louisiana.

Orders relative to matters in Jackson or Vicksburg have always been

