
XXVII.

sent from Richmond through me, and the troops at these points have reported to or been raised in my department. Now, I have not the slightest objection to your sending away General Ruggles, but for Heaven's sake don't send him into my department, where he will raise a row in a week. When I sent him to you I sent six or eight good regiments with him. It is hardly fair to send him back without any soldiers, to take command of me and my troops. The bulk of supplies, ordnance, commissary, and quartermaster, at Jackson belong to my department, and I certainly don't want General Ruggles to meddle with them.

Please alter your orders so as to confine his operations to the northern half of the State. He stepped in here to take command of Smith, myself, and all our troops with a wonderful degree of gravity, and it was only when I asked him what he would do it I withdrew all of my troops that he seemed to appreciate the case. I think I shall probably be about Jackson myself, oscillating between Camp Moore and Vicksburg. The destruction of cotton and the raising of corps of Partisan Rangers require a good deal of attention just at present, but unless I can get some small-arms I shall be unable to put men enough in the field to prevent the enemy from seizing all our railroads and river ports. If we can confine them to the river until it falls so low that their gunboats cannot operate we shall be able to make a clean sweep of them before the summer is over.

Yours, truly,

M. LOVELL.
HEADQUARTERS,Jackson, Miss., May 23, 1862.

General BEAUREGARD, Corinth, Miss.:

General Lovell reached Vicksburg before me, and claims the command and refuses to yield it.

Prompt and energetic action is necessary. I have returned to my headquarters and await your orders.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

ORDERS, HDQRS. LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 610. Opelousas, May 23, 1862.

I. Brigadier General John G. Pratt, commanding the Ninth Brigade, Louisiana, Militia, is called into active service, dating from the 8th of May, 1862, according to section 75, militia act of 23rd January, 1862.

II. The militia forces from his brigade and from the Sixth Brigade, called by him into active service, are retained in service, dating from the date when they report themselves for duty, and until further orders.

By order of Thomas O. Moore, Governor and commander-in-chief:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector.

CORINTH, May 24, 1862.

Brigadier General DANIEL RUGGLES:

The forces at Vicksburg belong to General Lovell's command; hence he must command them. Jackson, I am informed, is in his military district. You will therefore establish your headquarters at Grenada.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

