
XXVII.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 39. Richmond, May 26, 1862.

* * * * *

II. The limits of Department No. 1, under command of Major-General Lovell, will hereafter embrace that portion of the State of Mississippi south of the thirty-third parallel and west of Pescagoula and Chickasawha Rivers, including also that part of the State of Louisiana east of the Mississippi River.

III. The Department No. 2, under command of General Beauregard, is extended south to the thirty-third parallel east of the Mississippi River, and extending on that parallel to the eastern boundary of Alabama.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Corinth, May 28, 1862.

Major General MANSFIELD LOVELL, Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: Your favors of 25th and 26th instant have just been received. I telegraphed you yesterday relative to General Ruggles' position, which I hope is settled for the present. The great point is to defend the river at Vicksburg. The question of who does it must be of a secondary consideration. The troops of your command are there, and I think it but fair that you should direct the operations at that point, and you have my warmest wishes for your success. By the copy of War Department order which I attach only little importance to this matter; all that I desire is success to our arms and to our cause.

With regard to your appeal for small-arms, I should be most happy to send them to you if they could be spared from here at this critical moment; but being on the eve of a battle, with a powerful enemy close in my front, it becomes impossible to grant your request, for a defeat here would result in the loss of the whole Mississippi Valley, including your force and the points you are now holding.

With regard to the defense of the railroad you refer to, the best way of accomplishing it is to remove the cars and engines and to destroy a few bridges; they could not then be used by the enemy. As soon, however, as I can return you some arms it shall be done. I can only express again my regret at not having here the available force at present with you, for I care more about my front at this moment than I do for my rear.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

GREENWOOD, May 29, 1862.

Major General DANIEL RUGGLES, C. S. A.,

Commanding, &amp;c., Grenada, Miss.:

SIR: I beg leave to state, for your information (and as you requested), that I reached here to-day to find things much less advanced with the

