
For particulars of casualties I refer you to paper marked A;* companies engaged, with their commanders, see paper marked B.

Most respectfully submitted.

JAMES GRIMSLEY,

Captain Company B, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel CAHILL,

Comdg. Second Brigade, Dept. of the Gulf.

[Inclosure B.]

Statement of Companies of Twenty-first Indiana Volunteers engaged in action at Baton Rouge, La., August 5, 1862.

Company A, Lieutenant Charles D. Seely commanding. Sent out as advance guard.

Company B, Captain J. Grimsley commanding.

Company C, Lieutenant William Baugh commanding.

Company D, Lieutenant William Harper commanding.

Company E, Captain W. M. Skelton commanding.

Company F, Captain Francis W. Noblet commanding. Sent out on picket night before battle.

Company G, Sergt. John Adams commanding.

Company H, Captain J. T. Campbell commanding.

Company I, Captain Richard Campbell commanding. Sent out on picket night before battle.

Company K, Lieutenant Thomas Grinstead commanding.

No. 23. Report of Lieutenant Col. Sidney A. Bean, Fourth Wisconsin Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH WISCONSIN REGIMENT,August 9, 1862.

COLONEL: In obedience to General Orders, No. 2, I have the honor to submit the following report of the movement of the regiment under my command in the late action:

At 3 o'clock on the morning of the 5th instant I marched the regiment across the bayou north of the Arsenal grounds, and formed it in line of battle on the ridge beyond, the Ninth Connecticut and a part of Manning's battery being on my right. I made this movement under order from General Williams, who instructed me to act in conjunction with yourself, and in every event to protect the left flank of our position. A few moments after the first musketry was heard the general ordered them forward in the direction of the firing, which order I immediately put in execution, marching in line with the Ninth Connecticut. The movements, however, had hardly been commenced when I received orders to march by the right flank to the Greenwell Springs road. I here formed a line, my right resting on the road, and waited for orders. The fog was so dense that we could learn nothing of the position of the forces nor discern friend from foe a road distant. Our own troops falling back over our lines and filing down the road, I was in momentary expectation that the enemy would attempt to follow and

---------------

*Nominal list omitted; embodied in revised statement, p. 51.

---------------

