
the statement purporting to come from citizens of New Orleans that he had appropriated for the use of his army a portion of the provisions allowed to pass through our lines for the citizens of New Orleans be true.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

ORDERS, HDQRS. LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 643. Opelousas, June 8, 1862.

The Governor and commander-in-chief is informed that specie is being taken from Alexandria or other points in the parish of Rapides to city of New Orleans, and that said specie belongs to the Bank of America or other banks in the city of New Orleans, and being convinced of the bad policy of permitting this or other specie to be taken within the lines of the enemy, Ralph Smith, esq., chairman of the Comminute of Publin Safety, will, in the name and by virtue of the authority of the State of Louisiana, prohibit the transportation or conveying of specie steamboats or other vessels or by land route to the city of New Orleans from any point or points in the parish of Rapides, or the transportation of specie from any points in the parish of Rapides to any parish in the State, intended to be conveyed to the city of New Orleans or within the enemy's lines.

He is further authorized by the authority of the State to seize the specie now in transit and in or about Alexandria, and belonging to any of the banks of the city of New Orleans, and about to be conveyed to the city of New Orleans or within the enemy's lines, to take charge of the same, and to order it to be taken at once into the interior to a place of safety and out of the reach of the enemy, and he is further authorized to seize any specie whatever intended to be conveyed to any parish from the parish of Rapides intended for New Orleans or the enemy's lines and to place the same in safety out of the enemy's reach; and he will made a report of his actions ion virtue of this order. This order to be in force until countermanded.

By order of Thomas O. Moore, Governor and commander-in-chief:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Louisiana.

RICHMOND, VA., June 9, 1862.

Major General MANSFIELD LOVELL, Jackson, Miss.:

I am informed that General Smith has ordered Captain W. H. Johnson, of Colonel Starke's regiment, stationed on the Big Black River, to burn all the cotton in his reach, whether liable to fall into the enemy's hands or not. This ordered, if issued, is illegal, and must be countermanded.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

YAZOO CITY, MISS., June 9, 1862.

General DANIEL BUGGLES, &amp;c., Grenada, Miss.:

GENERAL: I have received to-day your telegram from Hernando, and also Captain Whitfield's note of yesterday. It would have been impossible properly to have moved the Arkansas, as with all our efforts

