
How is the steam-ran Arkansas progressing? Will it also be just one week too late, like the Mississippi? I fear the Navy Department has many sins of omission and commission to answer for in this war.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

ORDERS, HDQRS. LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE. No. 651. Opelousas, June 10, 1862.

I. Captain S. M. Todd will proceed with his detachment to Proscott's Springs, near Bayou Chicot, in the parish of Saint Landry, and will arrest a Mr. Harris, whose Christian name is unknown,. but who is said to be a commission merchant from New Orleans, and will forward him forthwith, under a guard, to those headquarters, to answer the charge of giving aid and comfort to the enemy.

II. Captain Tood will, after arresting Mr. Harris, proceed to Evergreen town and there make diligent search and inquiry for a large amount of specie said to belong to the banks of New Orleans or to regiments of New Orleans, and secreted at the house of a Mr. Bassett, in Evergreen, or some other place, or in the neighborhood, to be shipped to New Orleans, and when said specie is found Captain Tood will take charge of said specie and consult with Mrs. Alanson Pearce, of Evergreen, as to the best place of security to put said specie, or will bring the same to Opelousas.

III. Captain Tood will arrest Mr. Bassett if the specie is found on his place or under his charge and care, or he will arrest the person or persons on whose place or in whose custody and charge the said specie may be bring them to these headquarters, to answer the charge of aiding and comforting the enemy.

IV. Captain Tood will consult with Mr. A. Pearce and obtain his aid and assistance to effect the search for this money, and he will report his action in executing these orders to these headquarters.

By order of Thomas O. Moore, Governor and commander-in-chief:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

EXECUTE OFFICE,

Opelousas, La., June 12, 1862.

President DAVIS:

SIR: The New Orleans Delta, now published under Federal auspices, of the 7th instant, announces that William B. Mumford has been condemned to be hung for tearing down the United States flag from the Mint on its first display on that building, and that the sentence was to be executed on that day, in the streets of New Orleans, near the Mint. If I am correctly informed the act was committed on the first landing of the Federal Navy officers, who hoisted their flag, or had it hoisted by a detachment of marines, a day or two after their arrival before the city, and before its occupation by General Butler. I do not doubt the sentence was executed.

We have four prisoners in this town (two lieutenant and two privates), captured by Captain Fuller, of the Militia, in his gallant expedition

48 R R-VOL XV

