
on the Opelousas Railroad, in which he succeeded in burning the brigades of that road and capturing three trains, with their locomotives, cars, &amp;c. One of these lieutenants, [James W.] Connelly by name, has been conspicuous in burning the property of our citizens in Terre Bonne Parish, and has exhibited a fiendish alacrity in executing the atrocious orders of Butler and his subordinate officers. In retaliating for this brutal murder of Mumford, which I take for granted will be done, it occurs to me that no more propitiatory sacrifice to his memory can be made than the condemnation of Connelly to the same death. Among the first orders to be executed by the new general whom you will send to us will, I hope, be this necessary severity.

I am awaiting with some anxiety the arrival of General Magruder, whom I will welcome to his new sphere with cordiality. We need the presence of a Confederate officer here more then you an well appreciate. The shock experienced by the fall of New Orleans was deadening. Our people were appalled. As usual on such occasions our people demanded a victim, and the industry and energy displayed by General Lovell previous to the fatal day were forgotten in the panic terror inspired by an event as unexpected to the community as it was unfortunately unprovided for by him.

Louisiana west of the Mississippi River has resources and men, if they are not taken from us by a too literal enforcement of the conscript law. An organization of our conscripts, or a portion of them, into new regiments, with officers appointed by you and selected mainly from the officers lately returned from service who failed in their re-election because of their [non-] performance of duty, will furnish a corps for our protection, with interfering with the main features of the campaign that the two grand armies in Virginia and at Corint will soon trace in the battle-fields soon to be made memorable.

The army of Butler is insignificant in numbers, and that fact makes our situation the more humiliating. He has possession of New Orleans with troops not equaling in number an ordinary city mob. he has baton Rouge, and until Fuller's exploit used the Opelousas Railroad to transport small parties to various places in the interior, who intimated our people and perpetrated the most appalling incendiarism and brutality. Our people were demoralized, and no wonder, when our forts and strong places had been the scenes of the disgraceful conduct of officers who had charge of their defense, of which I have given you some details in a previous letter. All these calamitous results cannot now be avoided, but any further evil consequence can be prevented. I augur the most favorable results from General Magruder's provence. Let us have it as soon as the public interests will permit.

Very truly, &c.,

[THO. O. MOORE,

Governor, &c.]

RICHMOND, VA., June 14, 1862.

Brigadier General M. L. SMITH, Vicksburg, Miss.:

What progress is being made toward the completion of the Arkansas? What is the condition of your defenses at Vicksburg? Can we do anything to aid you? Disasters above and below increase the value of your position. I hope and except much from you.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

