
ORDERS, HDQRS. LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 660. Opelousas, June 14, 1862.

I. Ralph Smith, esq., chairmans of the Committee of Public Safety, will on the receipt of this order, seize and take in constody the steamboat Moro, now at Alexandria, an detained her until further orders from this department.

II. R. Smith, esq., will arrest Captain Sweeny, of the Moro, and examine him touching the transportation of specie from Alexandria to New Orleans said to belong to one or more of the banks of New Orleans, take down his declarations and the declarations of any person or persons having knowledge of the facts and circumstances attendant upon the transportation and removal of the specie, and he will forward to this department a full complete report of said examination.

III. Captain Sweeny, of the Moro, will be detained in custody until released by orders from this department.

By order of Thomas O. Moore, Governor and commander-in-chief:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General Louisiana.

ORDERS, HDQRS LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 663. Opelousas, June 14, 1862.

I. Brigadier General R. C. Martin, commanding Fifth Brigade, Louisiana Militia, will proceed, on receipt of this order, to put into active service the militia of parishes within the limits of his command, and organize them into companies, battalions, and regiments, as the case may be or require, and will take every necessary measure for the protection and defense of that portion of the State and make every effort to drive the enemy from the soil.

II. Brigadier-General Martin will cause the bridges on the Opelousas Railroad to be burned and destroyed. He will cause the rails to be torn up, so as to prevent the ingress to the enemy into the interior. He will place such force as he may deem necessary at La Fourche Crossing and at other points, to defend the same from the approaches of the enemy.

III. Brigadier-General Martin will cause the arrest of each and every individual who gives aid and assistance and comfort to the enemy or against whom good grounds of suspicion exists. He will forbid travel to New Orleans by any route, except under special permits from these headquarters. He will compel obedience to his orders, and should any person refuse, decline, or neglect to obey any orders he will their arrest and imprisonment. Should the offered be a commissioned officer, he will not only imprison him, but destitute him of his commission, appoint another in his place, and report the same to these headquarters for a commission.

IV. Brigadier-General Martin, in the execution of his orders, will disregard all passes or paroles taken or given by persons who have gone to the city of New Orleans and have returned, and have in their possession any passport or parole pledged by them to the United States authorities which forbids them to give aid and comfort or given information to the Confederate States, and should any person having in his possession such passport or parole refuse to obey his orders, he will course his arrest and forward him forthwith under guard to these headquarters, to be dealt with as a traitor to the Confederacy and to the State government. This is not to included paroles taken by prisoners of war.

