
V. Brigadier-General Martin will not delay in making all the necessary arrangements and defenses, and report from time to time his action.

VI. Major General John L. Lewis, commanding State Militia, will attend to the strict execution of these orders.

By order of Thomas O Moore, Governor and commander-in-chief:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Louisiana.

ORDERS, HDQRS. LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 665. Opelousas, June 14, 1862.

I. The militia of the parishes of Terre Bonne, Saint Mary's, and Saint Martin, of the Sixth Brigade, Louisiana Militia, are called into actual service.*

Ii. Major General John L. Lewis, commanding Louisiana Militia, will issue orders to the colonels of said regiments direct.

By order of Thomas O. Moore, Governor and commander-in-chief:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Richmond, Va., June 16, 1862.

Major General MANSFIELD LOVELL,

Communicating Department No. 1, Jackson, Miss.:

GENERAL: Your letter of June 7 has been received, + and in reply General Lee directs me to say that he regrets to learn the smallness of the means you have at your command to defend so extensive and important a district of country. He deems your department of too much importance to be thought of being abandoned, and has every confidence in your ability to hold it, even with the small force you have at your command. He expects great results from your small means. The general desires that you will make every exertion to raise all the force you can in the country about you, and he will endeavor to send you all the arms that can be spared with as little delay as possible. He hopes to be able to have you furnished with arms as fast as you can raise the men. One thousand stand of small-arms have already been ordered to you, which you may possibly have received by this time. He regrets his inability to send you re-enforcements. he knows of no troops that can be spared at any point, unless General Beauregard can send you some from his command. Of this he can give you no assurance. Although you are now surrounded by many difficult, the general hopes that with your known activity and energy you will soon be able to surmount them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LONG,

Colonel and Military Secretary.

---------------

* By Orders, No. 666, of some date, these parishes temporarily transferred to the Ninth Brigade, the colonels being ordered to report to Brigadier General John. G. Pratt.

+ Not found.

---------------

