
ORDERS, HDQRS. LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

674. Opelousas, June 16, 1862.

I. The Governor and command-in-chief being informed that the steamed Quarried, Captain Armand Brossat, has been announced in New Orleans to leave that port for the port of Alexandria, requiring all passengers to obtain their pass[ports and all shoppers of freight their permits from the military authorities of the United States, properly authenticated; and being satisfied that this course is in violation of all the rules of law relative to nations at war with each other, Ralph Smith, esq., chairman of Committee of Public Safety, will, upon receipt of this order, seize and take charge of the steamboat Quarried and detain her in custody until further orders from this department.

II. Ralph Smith, esq., chairman, will, upon receipt of this order, arrest Armand Brossant, captain of the steamboats Quarried, and detain him in custody until a thorough examination has been made by him of the facts and circumstances attendant upon the course of conduct of said Brossat in publishing such an advertisement and in taking freight and passengers from the city of New Orleans for Alexandria or any other ports between New Orleans and Alexandria;l what and who were the passengers, the nature of their business, and whether they were loyal to the Confederate States or not; and, further, to ascertain under and by what authority the said captain runs the steamer Quarried-by what permits and papers and from whom obtained.

III. To ascertain these facts Ralph Smith, esq., is authorized to compel the attendance of witnesses. After a full examination he will make a full report and forward the same to these headquarters.

IV. Ralph Smith, esq., has full authority and power to examine all strangers arriving in the town of Alexandria, and to require from then an account of their business, profession, or trade, from whence they come and where going, and to satisfy himself of their loyalty to the Confederate Government; to arrest all suspicious persons who should fail to give a good account of themselves. He is fully authorized not to permit strangers to pass through or to leave the town of Alexandria unless first obtaining a pass[port; but to give no passports to New Orleans except by special permission of the Governor.

V. Passports produced by passengers or others from Major-General Butler to be totally disregarded.

By order of Thomas O. Moore, Governor and commander-in-chief:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General Louisiana.

ORDERS, HDQRS. LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

676. OPELOUSAS, JUNE 17, 1862.

I. Captain E. W. Fuller will, with his steamboat and command, remain on the Atchafalaya, in the vicinity of the month of Red River, os as to keep the inside of the river free from the enemy, and to aid, assist, and facilitate Majors McKee and Howard, C. S. Army, in transporting across the river Mississippi cattle for the use of the Confederate Army He will use every means to prevent the enemy, either b y land or water to come in or about the month of Red River.

* * * * *

By order of Thomas O. Moore, Governor and commander-in-chief:

M. GRIVOT.

Adjutant and Inspector General Louisiana.

