
by the enemy is prohibited, and all persons who go to New Orleans, or other places in the possession of the enemy an returning with the enemy's usual passport, will be arrested and held in custody. III. Conscripts and militia-men having in possession such passports, and seeking to shun duty under pretext of a parole, shall be treated as enemies to the Confederate States. No such passes will be held an excuse.

IV. Military and civil officers and citizens will use the utmost diligence in the detection of spies and salaried officers, and effect their prompt apprehension.

V. All persons opposed to the cause of the Confederate States must be arrested.

Vi. Confederate notes shall be received and used as the currency of the country. Any one refusing to receive the same will be considered an enemy to the cause and dealt with accordingly.

VII. River steamboats must in no case be permitted to be captured.

Burn them when they cannot be saved.

VIII. Provisions may be conveyed to Now Orleans in charge of officers, and only under certain rules governing communication between belligerent, by permission of the Governor and commander-in-chief.

IX. The military and civil authorized of this State will execute this order strictly, and in accordance with the views laid down in the need proclamation of the Governor, dated Opelousas, June 18, 1862.*

By order of thomas O. Moore, governor and commander-in-chief:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General Louisiana.

RICHMOND. VA., June 21, 1862.

General MANSFIELD LOVELL, Jackson, Miss.:

There arms sent to Jackson were by direction of the President placed at the disposal Governor Pettus. It is hoped that there will be no different about the disposition proper to be made of them.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INST. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 143 Richmond, Va., June 21, 1862.

* * * * *

IV. Brigadier General Albert G. Blanchard is assigned to the command of the camps of instruction in Louisiana west of the Mississippi River, and will establish his headquarters at Monroe until otherwise directed.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS, HDQRS. LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 683 Opelousas, June 21, 1862.

The Governor and commander-in-chief has information that the enemy is now organization an expedition in New Orleans destined for some part

---------------

* See Inclosure No. 1 to Butler to Stanton, pp. 504-510.

---------------

