
of this State, and that it is in need of steamboats to carry out its object, and that all steamboats going to New Orleans will be seized and taken possession of by the United States military authorities.

Ralph Smith, esq., will immediately, on receipt of this order, forbid and prevented of New Orleans or any point in the possession of the enemy, unless with special permit of the Governor and commander-in-chief. By order of Thomas O. Moore, Governor and commander-in chief:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General Louisiana.

ORDERS, HDQRS. LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 684. Opelousas, June 21, 1862.

I. From information received by the Governor and commander-in-chief cotton has been made to ship more; also that attempts will be made to supply the enemy with cotton.

He is further informed that on the Bayou des Glaise, in the parish of Avoyelles, on the Black, Washita, Trinity, and Tensas River, and other tributaries, large quantities of cotton are placed o the banks of said rivers and within the reach of the enemy.

The several colonels of the parishes of Washita, Catahoula, Caldwell, Tensas, and Avoyelles will, on receipt of this order, set fire or cause the cotton now upon the banks of the said rivers and within the reach of the enemy to be burned. This must be done immediately, as the enemy is now preparing an expedition designed for some point within this State, and it is not known how soon.

By order of Thomas O. Moore, Governor and commander-in-chief:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General Louisiana.

N. B.-- Although this order is imperative to burn, as sound discretion will be allowed, but the enemy must in no instance be permitted to get the cotton. Owners can remove the cotton if done once.

JACKSON, MISS., June 23, 1862.

General RUGGLES:

By authority from General Bragg I have ordered 6,000 men from your command and the corps of General Breckinridge to the defense of Vicksburg. Have them in readiness to take the cars with ten days' rations.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

GRENADA, MISS., June 22, 1862-9 p. m.

General BRAGG, Tupelo, Miss.:

General Van Forn orders Breckinridge's corps and 6,000 men from my command forward two Vicksburg. General Willepigue telegraphs that his command is independent. He has all my armed troops, and calls on me t defend the Memphis and Tennessee Railroad route. He

