
yet to run. This, too, when Montgomery knew the Arkansas, armed and with provisions and ammunition, was waiting for me. I hope you will catch the fellows and apply the conscript law to them, officers and all. Twenty-five men came to-day from Vicksburg, and I shall now soon have a crew. I trust we shall use vessel creditably, and if the Army will attack against the same odds as that which awaits me the war will soon be over. I thank you for the king assistance offered and rendered. The work I have to do would have been left under ordinary circumstances. The difficulties are only known to those engaged in it.

I remain, general, with respect, very truly, yours,

ISAAC N. BROWN,

Lieutenant, S. S. Navy.

GRENADA, June 25, [1862.]

General WILLEPIGUE, Abbeville, Miss.:

You will suspend the movement of troops from your brigade to Vicksburg temporarily. Execute General Bragg's orders.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General.

BROOKHAVEN, MISS, June 25, 1862.

Hon. George W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

My guns have been against by General Van Dorn. Am I never to get even my own property? I hope you will order your officers to return at once the material of war they have taken that this State has paid for its own defense. The Confederacy has never sent me a musket. Let it not take what I have paid for. I have not one in this State. General Lovell abandoned Louisiana and took all I had.

It is hard to bear invasion and the articles of Butler and at the same time receiving no aid, but to have taken from me what I had provided without help. I demand the return of 2,720 rifles and ammunition seized by General Van Dorn.

Answer care of Col. Thomas E. Adams, Brookhaven, Miss.

THO. O. MOORE,

Governor of Louisiana.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 146. Richmond, Va., June 25, 1862.

* * * * *

XVI. Paragraphs II and III, General Orders, No 39, current series, are so modificied that Department No. 2 shall now embrace that portion of its former limits which is east of the Mississippi River, and in addition thereto shall comprise Department No. 1, and have its eastern boundary extended to the line of railroad from Chattanooga via Atlanta to West Point, on the Chattahoochee River, and thence down the Chattahochee and Apalachicola Rivers to the Gulg of Mexico.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Of May 26, see p. 746.

---------------

