
ORDERS, HDQRS. LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE. No. 690. Opelousas, June 25, 1862.

I. Brigadier General R. C. Martin, commanding Fifth Brigade, Louisiana Militia, will, on receipt of this order, put into active service the militia of the parish of La Fourche under Col. L. C. Aubert, and in his absence Lieutenant Col. W. D. Burton.

* * * * *

By order of Thomas O Moore, Governor and command-in-chief:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, June 26, 1862.

General EARLVAN DORN, Vicksburg, Miss.:

Your telegrams of 22 and 23rd received. Had previously sent to your command the small-arms disposable here. The commander of the Arkansas has been ordered to report to you. Much will depend upon you artillery. The founder can, I suppose, supply you with the improved form of shot and shell. I will endeavor to send some more long range rifles for sharpshooters. The people will sustain you in your heroic determination, and may God bless us which success.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

RICHMOND, JUNE 26, 1862.

Gov. THOMAS O. MOORE, Opelousas, La.:

DEAR SIR: Your letter of the 2nd instant has been received and the points presented for my attention carefully considered.

Some delay has unavoidably occurred in the assignment of an officer to the command of the Trans-Mississippi Department, but the general who has been heretofore named to you in this connection is soon to assume the charge, and his presence will, I trust, fulfill the more important of the requirements to which you allude. he will have authority to back in accordance with the provisions of the law in organizing bodies of Partisan Rangers. Those which have been already brought into service by yourself in consequence of the pressing emergency can be regularly embodies in the Confederate service.

In all parts in the country there is at present a scarcity of arms. A copy of your letter has, however, been furnished to the War Department, and such arms as can be sent will from time to time be furnished. The attention of the Department will also be given to your request for ammunition tents, and camp equipage.

The disaffection to which you allude will, I trust, prove to be very limited in extent. The commanding general will be authorized to adopt appropriate measures for its suppression.

With respect to conscripts, the law of Congress does now allow new regiments to be formed from their number. They will, however, be assembled in camps of instruction, as heretofore agreed upon. They will be disciplined, filled, and formed into a temporary organization, which may be available to some extent for purposes of defense. It is my intention, as soon as circumstance will permit, to send the now greatly reduced regiments of Louisiana to be filled up from these camps.

