
and thus furnish upon the spot completely organized corps ready for service. In the mean time I trust that the new commanding general with your assistance and the co-operation of the patriotic citizens Louisiana, will able to keep the enemy in check an afford protection to the greater portion of the State until we shall be able to drive the invader altogether the soil.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH. MISS. AND EAST LA., No. 2. Jackson, Miss., June 26, 1862.

That part of Louisiana east of the Mississippi River and the counties of Mississippi lying on the Gulf will constitute the First District of this department, and will be commanded until further order by General Euggles.

All the counties of Mississippi below and touching the thirty-second parallel of latitude, except at the three Gulf counties, will constitute the Second District, and will be under the command of Brigadier General William N. R. Beall.

All the counties of Mississippi lying between the thirty-second and thirty-third parallels of latitude will constitute the Third District, and will be commanded by Brigadier General M. L. Smith.

I. The general officer assigned to the command of district will proceed to establish their headquarters within the limits of the respective commands, covenant to the Mississippi River and to telegraphic communication with Jackson, Miss. They will also, without delay, proceed to organize, equip, and discipline troops which are or may be raised without their respective district. It is expected that they will defend to the utmost every foot of ground invaded by the enemy and to attack him whenever it is possible to do so.

II. No organization less than a regiment, or least a battalion of five companies, will be allowed in the Partisan Ranger service in this department. Companies raised in this service will be organized into regiments or battalions, and the commanders thereof he held strictly accountable for the good ordered and proper discipline of their commands. An undiscipline rabble is not dangerous to the enemy, is extremely injurious to the neighborough it may be stationed, and is a disgrace to any country. The burning of fences, killing of stock, or the destruction of property of any kind are forbidden by orders as well as by common honesty.

III. Headquarters department is temporarily removed to Vicksburg, Miss.

By order of General Van Dorn:

M. M. KIMMEL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., June 27, 1862.

His Excellency Governor MOORE,

Care Col. Thomas E. Adams, Brookhaven, Miss.:

I telegraphed to General Van Dorn immediately on learning of the seizure of the arms, directing to be restored in actual use

