
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT No. 2.

No. 89. Tupelo, Miss., July 2, 1862.

I. In compliance with orders from the War Department, dated the 24th and 25th ultimo, the commander of the forces assumes command of Department No. 2, as extended by the President, and embracing, in addition to the limits already announced, all of Department No. 1. the entire State of Alabama, and eastward to the line of railroad from Chattanooga via Atlanta to West Point, Ga., on the Chattahoochee River, and then down that stream and the Apalachicola tot he Gulf of Mexico.

II. The department is sub-divided as follows:

1st. District of the Mississippi, embracing all the country west of Pearl River from its mouth to Jackson, Miss., and the line of the Mississippi Central Railroad to Grand Junction, Major General Earl Van Dorn commanding.

2nd. District of the Gulf, which will include all the country east of Pearl River to the Apalachicola and as far north as the thirty-second parallel of latitude, Brigadier General John. H. Forney, commanding.

* * * * *

By command of General Bragg:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

TANGIPOHOA, LA., July 3, 1862.

General BRAGG, Tupelo, Miss.:

Copy of telegram received at Grenada:

JACKSON, MISS., June 22, 1862.

By authority from General Bragg I have ordered 6,000 men from your command and the corps of General Breckinridge to the defense of Vicksburg. Have them in readiness to take the cars ten day's rations.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

The general says that the called for 6,000 troops only from General Breckinridge's corps. This erroneous dispatch induced the belief that in accordance with previous orders I was to accompany my command.

DANIEL BUGGLES,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH. MISS. AND EAST LA., No. 9. Vicksburg, July 4, 1862.

The general commanding having announced in General Orders, No. 1, his intention to defend the department to the last extremity, or in view of the exigencies of the country hereby declares martial law in the following counties: Issaquana, Yazoo, Warren, Hinds, Holmes, Claiborne, Hancock, Harrison, and Jackson, all in Mississippi; and Carroll and Sunflower, Miss., and all the counties in Louisiana east of the Mississippi River.

As there seems to be some misapprehension in regard to the meaning and effect of martial law, the general commanding deems it proper to state that it has been well defined to be "the will of the military commander;" but the extent of the action that may be under it cannot be definitely announced, depending as it does upon the emergency calling

