
the notes of this State and the Confederate States. That these parties and all others who thus refuse the aforesaid notes are considered and are enemies to the Southern Confederate and its cause, and should be dearth with accordingly.

Col. Daniel O'Bryan, of the parish of Vermillion, will immediately on the reception of this order cause the arrest of Bertrand and Corso and of all others in his parish who have refused the notes of the State and of the Confederate State, and he will cause them to be imprisoned, examine facts, require of them to take the oath of allegiance, and in discharging them warn them not to commit the offense again. And should the act be committed again by the parties thus arrested he will cause them to be rearrested and held in jail until further orders from this department.

By order of Thomas O. Moore, Governor and command-in-chief:

M. GRIVET,

Adjutant and Inspector General Louisiana.
HEADQUARTERS LOUISIANA MILITIA,Opelousas, July 8, 1862. (Received July 29.)

GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: I sent you a list of persons by letter of June 13 * to whom I had granted authorizations to raise companies of Partisan Rengers. None have succeeded extent the following, who have reported, viz: James A. McWaters, company; S. D. Ashe, company; W. W. Brezeale, battalion of three companies; W. H. Bayliss, two companies; L. M. Nutt, company; James [M.] Thompson, company. The first named is already in service.

I have not received one of my guns yet. I have agents over the Mississippi River charged with the transportation of my State property, but they are seized by General Forney, and when released by him then by Van Dorn, and afterward by every petty colonel or captain who under plea of excessive vigilance manages to abstract for himself and his command whatever they may need or their fancy may suggest as agreeable.

I do not wish to complain unnecessarily, but it does appear to me that while the Confederate Government have withdrawn every one of their officers and soldiers from this State, and have never yet sent a musket or rifled to us, it is the smallest justice they can do to permit me to use what my own State money has bought and what the Confederate Government has not any manner helped me to get.

How much longer is Louisiana to be considered without the protection or beneath the consideration of the Confederate Government?

When am I to have a general, as long ago promised? I forbear to express all that I feel on this matter, but there are interests at stake independent of any considerations of State defense. The Army of the Mississippi Valley is wholly department for supplies on keeping open our communication with Texas. A few troops thrown out by Butler, by extending from New Iberia to Alexandria, would completely block us off from our supplies for that army. Yet, although such immense results hang on that contingency, nothing has been to prevent it, and nothing has prevented it but the during act of a signal company

---------------

* To appear in Series IV.

---------------

