
of my State Militia. The whole army of Beauregard dependent for their supplies of beef on the activity and vigilance of a company of ragged and half-armed militia! All Louisiana south of Red River has been attached to Texas, and General Herbert placed in command. In what respect does that better our condition? I have begged for an officer, and the Government answers me by attaching one part of my State to the command of a general whose headquarters are in Texas, another part to another general whose headquarters are in Little Rock, and another to a general whose headquarters are in Jackson. This last however is right, because the Mississippi River completely severs the State, but as for the other two I have no more facility of communication than I have with Richmond. I have not even been informed that General Hindman has any command over any portion of my State. The only notice I have had of his pretending to exercise any authority here is the visit of a Captain Taylor, with a party of armed men, about the 24th of last month, who came to Alexandria, south of Red River, and seized private property, entered houses of private citizens, brutally practiced extortion and outrage, and with bullying and threatening language and manner spread terror among the people and disgraced the service upon whose errand he came. Mark you, no public necessity justified this conduct. The pretense was to get provisions for Hindman's army but if you will look at the map you will see the distance puts that out of the question. Besides they came from Shreveport, and both at that point and Marshall there are collected large stores for the Arkansas army.

Nothing prevented our citizens from resisting this man but the desire of our people now and at all times to pay due respect to the authority of our Government, even though it should be represented by such a man as this Taylor.

I do not believe General Hindman knew anything of these outrages. Taylor was sent by one Colonel Wilkes, and I have asked of General Hindman, as I now ask of yet, their dismissal from the service.

While I ask this punishment of these officers I have taken measures to protect my people from a repetition of such raids. With Butler below and Hindman above, each by his officers committing the same outraces, I am forced to self-protection. I have ordered a force of militia at Alexandria to prevent any similar raid. I have directed that any similar expedition shall not only be stopped, but the whole party to be arrested, and if their boat will not stop I have cannon planted to fire into he and sink her. I have selected men to command this force who are fully impressed with the indignities we have suffered and who will carry out my orders.

Large quantities of Confederate property collected at Alexandria by the energy of Major McKee from Mexico were also taken by this man and incalculable injury has been done. You can refuse to dismiss them (the captain and the colonel), but my marksmen may save you the trouble if they came again. There is a point to which patient endurance can extend no further.

I learn that General Price is coming here instead of General Magruder. I care not who it is you send, so he be a general to command in this State of Louisiana whoso headquarters will be accessible to me.

Very respectfully,

THO. O. MOORE,

Governor.

