
JULY 11, 1862.

[General EARL VAN DORN:]

From Baton Rouge, Wednesday night, July 9. Forces: Twenty-first Indiana, Fourteenth Maine, Sixth Wisconsin, fragments of Michigan, Massachusetts, &amp;c.; sick, &c., about 3,00 (about 2,000 fit for duty); one field battery of six guns; not to exceed 100 cavalry, and gunboat No. 3, [under command of] To McMillan.

[DANIEL RUGGLES.]

NEW ORLEANS, July 11, 1862.

His Excellency THOMAS O. MOORE,

Governor of Louisiana:

GOVERNOR: I have been informed than in several quarters of Louisiana and the authorities organized by the orders of Your Excellency wish to impose on French citizens not only active military service, but also to oblige them to enroll themselves in the corps which is organizing under the name of "guerrillas," or irregular corps. I cannot believe, Mr. Governor, that such acts can have your approbation, for I know that your Government os opposed to all imposition of obligatory active service upon foreign citizens. Neutrality in the midst of actual conflict is imposed not only by the law of nations, but also by the express orders to the Government of the Emperor, whom I have the honor to represent. As to service in irregular corps, it would be even more contrary to the duties which are imposed upon them and expose them to dangers, natural consequences of organizations, which all civilized nations equally disapprove.

I believe, Mr. Governor, that your spirit of justice, or which I have had more that one proof, will cause you to receive these observations favorably, but in the contrary case I shall be forced to protest in the name of my Government and of my compatriots any violence to which they may be subjected in reserving their right to give support to those who are responsible for the authorized of such acts.

Accept, Mr. Governor, the assurance of my respect and of my very high consideration.

MEJAN,

French Consul.

VICKSBURG, July 12, 1862.

Brigadier-General BUGGLES:

Find out how many troops at Baton Rouge certain, and let me know as soon as possible. Are you sure the troops came down the river?

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

JULY 12, [1862.]

General VAN DORN, Vicksburg:

There are about 3,500. Twelve to fifteen hundred arrived there from New Orleans on Thursday, the 10th. One hundred cavalry arrived. There were about 200 before. They have two field batteries and some heavy guns.

