
[Inclosure No. 3.]

GENERAL ORDERS,HDQRS. TRANS.-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT, No. 5. Little Rock, Ark., June 2, 1862.

I. Private property within this district must not in any case whatever be taken or impressed by any person, whether officer, soldier, or citizen, without special authority in writing from these headquarters, and such authority must in every instance be exhibited and read to the over or his agent before the property is taken, unless he shall purposely absent himself to avoid the same.

II. Al Confederate officers and soldiers are hereby instructed, and all State officers and loyal citizens are hereby authorized and requested, to resist and prevent the taking or impressment of price property, except in strict accordance with paragraph I of this order. If the persons attempting to prevent such outrages are overpowered they must report the facts at once to these headquarters, where the proper steps will be taken to punish the wrong-doer. The men who take or impress private property without authority are robbers and marauders, and will be put to death without hesitation.

By order of Major-General Hindman:

R. C. NEWTON,

Assistant-Adjutant-General.

BLADEN SPRINGS, ALA., July 18, 1862.

Brigadier General, JOHN. H. FORNEY,

Commanding C. S. Forces, Mobile, Ala.:

DEAR GENERAL: I hope you will excuse the following suggestions, in view of my anxiety for the success of our arms everywhere, especially of those under your command. Should the enemy give up further attempts against Vicksburg they may make a demonstration against Mobile; hence the necessity of being prepared for them:

1st. I would order a map of Mobile and its vicinity prepared, with a reconnaissance of all the roads made for at least 10 miles outside of the city, said reconnaissance to extent to the Gulf shore on the principal roads in that direction.

2nd. I would the two or three officers next to you in command become well acquainted with that map, complies of which would be furnished them, and make them reconnoiter well all the roads to a distance of about 5 miles outside of the lines.

3rd. I would see that each regiment is furnished with at least twelve or fourteen wagons and four or five ambulances.

4th I would throw them out on outpost duty in accession for three days at a time, to teach them the bivouac life and how to march; also the outpost duty.

5th. I would see that the ordnance stores are in a proper condition for distribution at a moment's notice, i. e., 40 rounds per man in haver sack and 60 in regimental ordnance wagons, 100 more per man in reserve with chief of ordnance wagons, 100 rounds per piece of field artillery and 100 in reserve, above 100 rounds per piece in magazines of heavy batteries and about the like number in depot magazines.

6th, I would established depots of provisions for a few days-according to the length of time I expected to stop there-every 40 or 50 miles along any line of retreat I might have to follow info compelled to abandon

