
VICKSBURG, MISS., July 26, 1862.

General PRICE, [Tupelo, Miss.]:

GENERAL: The enemy at Baton Rouge are threatening Camp Moore. I have ordered 4,000 men there. If you will send me one of your brigades I will break up their nest there and return to you in twelve days. Will you do it? Please answer. I cannot venture more than 4,000 from this point just now, and the enemy are 5,000 or 6,000 strong in position.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., July 26, 1862.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The object of the expedition under your command to Camp Moore is to re-enforce the troops at that point for the purpose of holding the enemy in check and if you find after joining forces with General Ruggles and informing yourself of the strength of the enemy (now supposed to be about 5,000 men) that you are strong enough, to dislodge him from Baton Rouge and that vicinity. I have asked for a brigade of troops from the Army of the West to join you. If it is sent you will certainly be able to drive the enemy from Baton Rouge. Should you succeed, you will be governed by circumstance and your own good judgment whether to hold the place with your forces or destroy public property and retire to some point near and report for orders. You will take with you ten days' rations from Jackson, Miss., with have been order to be in readiness for you. Transportation has been ordered for you. The general commanding does not deem it necessary to give General Breckinridge any further instructions. He will of course, as major-general, assume command of all the troops of the expedition, including the troops of Camp Moore under Brigadier General D. Ruggles.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., July 26, 1862.

Gov. THOMAS O. MOORE, Opelousas, La.:

I have sent you several telegrams. One informed you of others sent before. General Homles has gone to Trans-Mississippi Department. General Blanchard left some time since for Monroe. Due efforts have been made to secure the delivery of arms. Generals Taylor will go to Opelousas. Refer you to him for full information.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

PANCHATOULA, LA., July 27, 1862.

General RUGGLES:

I arrive here this evening at 8 o'clock. The Yankees have landed about 3 miles up the Tchefuncta River; 500 strong on this side of the river; also 150 strong on the other side. This is only about 15 miles

