
It does seem to me that these raids of 40 or 50 men ought to be more successfully met. From the best information I can obtain the enemy are about 2,500 or 3,000 strong in Baton Rouge, and are entrenching themselves to defend the city against an army which they expect us to have soon. As to our Partisan Rangers, they express the most supreme contempt; and having been advised that our army has not yet arrived, they prowl about perfectly indifferent to the presence of our Rangers. I also learn that the enemy yard our of money, having expended all they had for cotton, &amp;c. This scouting of 50 men were commanded by Colonel Keith. Keith is drunk nearly all the time. The enemy were offering to sell the horses to sell the horses which they captured for almost any price they could get.

I place much reliance upon the information which I obtained from Stewant, as his means of obtaining information were as good as they could be. I of i felt authorized I would send "our men:" within the enemy's lines for full particulars. How shall I support the militia if called out under the order just received?

Yours, truly,

D. C. HARDEE.

P. S. -Pond has ordered Jones' cavalry from Jackson to Clinton., This change is attended with some expense, without much profit. This cavalry might be profitably employed capturing negroes on the lower Baton Rogue road and in preventing intercourse between our people and the enemy.

ORDERS, HDQRS. LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 789. Opelousas, July 27, 1862.

I. Brigadier General John Blair Smith, commanding Tenth Brigade, Louisiana Militia, will revoke his orders to the militia of the parishes of Natchitoches and Rapides so far as it orders them to proceed to Groton's Landing, but he will order the militia of said parishes to organize and remain within the limits of the parishes and be prepared to obey further orders.

II. Brigadier-General Smith will inspect the shores of the Red River to the mouth, and report to these headquarters the proper points at which to erect batteries for its defenses.

By order of Thomas O. Moore, Governor and commander-in-chief:

JOHN H. BERNOS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General La.

PANCHATOULA, LA., July 28, 1862.

General RUGGLES:

I started for Camp Slocum, and got near there when I met a courier with the news that the enemy had shelled Madisonville last night, killing one woman and child. They return this morning with large force-some say 4,000, as they four large transports full of troops. They have a cavalry force hunting the Rangers. I have ordered the pickets to watch their movements.

J. DE BAUN,

Major.

