
PONCHATOULA, LA., July 28, 1862.

General BUGGLES:

The enemy have all left Madisonville; not a sail in sight. Will leave for Camp Slocum early in the morning. Will concentrate troops as ordered.

J. DE. BAUN,

[Major.]

PANCHATOULA, LA., July 23, 1862.

General RUGGLES:

No further news. I have no idea they will make any demonstration from Covington. My impression is it is a feint.

W. D. L. McRAE.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 174. Richmond, Va., July 28, 1862.

* * * * *

II. Brigadier General Richard Taylor is hereby detached from the command of the Second Louisiana Brigade, and will proceed to Opelousas, La., for the purpose of carrying out the enrolling act in Western Louisiana, in hastening forward recruits to fill the regiments of the Louisiana Brigade serving in Northern Virginia, and in assembling conscripts for further assignment or for the future organization of the reserve.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

Brigadier General DANIEL RUGGLES, Commanding:

GENERAL: In obedience to Special Orders, No. 18, I proceeded to Ponchatoula, and found Lieutenant Bradley whom I advised. The guns left our forces at Manchac Pass, on this side of 5th bridge, are worthless, the trunnions being broken. The two 32-pounders on the other side of the bridge are in the water filled with shot, and it would require the used of a good schooner to raise them. This I deem at the present impracticable, as the enemy are at that point. Lieutenant Simmons, of Captain Slocum's company, at Covington, informed me that there was but one smooth-bore 24-pounder in Pearl River, lying in 12 feet of water, and that to get it will require the taking a schooner there and sufficient force to repel the enemy, who are there with larches mounting Dahlgren howitzers. The guns which were upon the gunboats were taken up to Jackson and are now in use. The recent movement of the enemy and the concentration of the troops under your command at this point leaving me no means of securing the guns remaining at the points above mentioned lead me to make this report and ask for further instructions.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

THOS, MULLETT,

First Lieutenant Eight Battalion Heavy Artillery.

