HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,Monroe, La., July 28, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I report to you the arrival of Colonel Gray's Thirtieth [Twenty-eight] Louisiana Regiment, without a single gun. You will oblige me very much by sending an order to forward here the arms they are retaining at Vicksburg by order of General Van Dorn, and also to taste the invoice of the guns which were to be sent by the Ordnance Department at Richmond.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. BLANCHARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Endorsement.]

Inform him that 10,000 stand of arms have been sent to the Trans-Mississippi Department via Jackson. Many have probably crossed the river by this time.

G. W. RANDOLPH.

TANGIPAHOA, July 29, [1862].

Major DE BAUN,

Commanding Partisan Rangers, Panchatoula:

Move with all your available force of Rangers to Williams' Brigade, on the Amite, with the least possible delay, Take all of the tree companies of Captain [J. J.] Slocum, [Richard] Bredow, and [a. c.] Bickham with you, leaving only a detachment of 25 or 30 mounted men with Captain [w. d. l.] McRae and his company, for scouting service and local defense. Leave your sick and unserviceable men with him at Ponchatoula. Take the best route to Davidson's plantation. Report to me when you start and how many men you take. Answer immediately.

Captain McRae will forward this dispatch.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD, No. 4. Camp near Tangipahoa, July 29, 1862.

Brigadier-General Clark will more with his division as early to-morrow as possible via Greenville to or near Williams' Brigade, on the Amite River, guarding any fords near by above or below that point, moving out scouting parties to right and left, and obtaining all information possible from his front. If his information justifies it he will move on toward Baton Rouge, informant these headquarters frequently of his position,a nd he will be followed by the rest of the force as soon as subsistence and transportation can be obtained. He will have his troops take two days' cooked rations in haversacks, and as much in wagons as his transportation will allow, after reserving enough for ammunition and such hospital tents as he can procure. He will collect as much subsistence and transportation as possible on his march.

It is not deemed necessary to give more detailed instructions, since

