
the movement ha been the subject of full verbal consultation and decision.

By order of Major-General Breckinridge:

JOHN A. BUCKNER,

Assistant-Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., July 30, 1862.

Major General RICHMOND TAYLOR, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: You will proceed to Opelousas, La., and thence report by letter to Major-General Holmes, as Little Rock, Ark., commanding the Trans-Mississippi Department, sending him at the same time a copy of these instructions. You are assigned to duty in the District of Western Louisiana, in the Trans-Mississippi Department, and you are specially charged with the command of the troops serving in the southern part of the district confided to you. You will prevent the use of the rivers and bayous in that region of country by the enemy and will generally prevent him from getting supplies from or holding communication with the interior. From the men enrolled you will select those who can be most advantageously sent to the Louisiana regiment s serving in Virginia, and from time to time fill up the ranks of the regiments of the First Brigade and subsequently those of the Second Brigade, retaining for service in Louisiana those of the recruits that can be more advantageously employed there. Such organization of the reserve as may be found advisable will be made after the Louisiana regiments in the field shall have been filled up. You will establish such lines of communication as the state of the country may require for the regular receipt and transmission of intelligence in Western Louisiana; and to embarrass the enemy in the navigation of the Mississippi River you will organize, and equip light batteries in such numbers as circumstances will permit, with direction two approach in such numbers as circumstances will permit, with direction to approach the river at points suitable for the attack on passing vessels of the enemy, with instructions to charge their positions (the light batteries) so frequently as to prevent any expedition for their capture. You will also cause to be destroyed all wood collected on the river banks for the supply of steamboats, and prohibit in future the cording of wood in the proximity of the river. You will require partisan batteries organized within your command to be carefully inspected, and will disband or discharge any that may not give promise of useful service. All others you will so direct and control as to make them contribute in the greatest degree to the protection of the persons and property of our fellow-citizens. You will confine the enemy within the narrowest limits, and recover from his possession, as opportunity may serve, any and all position in the State of Louisiana which by the fortune of war have fallen into his hands. As far as circumstances will permit, you will keep up communication with Col. M. Marigny in Eastern Louisiana, and endeavor to maintain co intelligence with General Van Dorn, commanding the military district from which yours is divided by the Mississippi River. In addition to the reports and returns to be made by you to General Holmes you will communicate directly to this office information of all important events, and send also a duplicate of the monthly consolidated returns of the forces under your command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

