
ever honorable and elevated, I would prefer to the referred to by you of being able to lead on "to victory or to death" the gallant sons of my own native Louisiana in their patriotic endeavor to drive back from her sacret soil the polluting feet of the Abolition hordes of the North. But, in the first place, my health units me at present for such an arduous and responsible position, admitting that I am otherwise qualified for it; and, in the second place, so long as the enemy has command of the river with his gunboats the recovery of New Orleans must depend upon our taking Saing Louis, Louisville, Cincinnati, Washington, and Baltimore, which I think could be done before long by a proper combination of our still latent forces and resources. Meanwhile a proper organization of our State forces can keep the enemy within the limits of the few points he now holds. No exertion should be spared to attain that desirable end, and I have no doubt that General Van Dorn will soon be able to afford great assistance in so doing.

"Nil desperandum" is my motto, and I feel confident that ere long the glorious sun of Southern liberty will appear more radiant than even from the clouds which obscure temporarily its brilliant disk.

With sincere esteem, I remain, yours, very truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

WAN DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, August 4, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,

Comdg. Department of Northern Virginia, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Van Dorn has sent General Breckinridge to attack Port Hudson and Baton Rouge, and if he is successful he will very much need heady artillery-men.

De Gournay's battalion, now in the city works, was raised in New Orleans and could the climate. We had better send out, as the batteries established at Port Hudson will enable us to command the Mississippi from that point to Vicksburg, including the month of Red River.

Gibbs' Forty-second North Carolina Regiment will soon be relieved from the custody of the prisoners at Lynchburg. I propose to send the regiment to General Loring; it is conveniently situated and is not brigade.

Has Cofl. J. Lucius Davis gone? If not, the order to him be rescinded and Colonel Jenkins will be made a brigadier and sent to command General Loring's cavalry.

There will be another North Carolina Regiment relieved from guarding the prison at Salisbury, Godwin's regiment. Shall I send them also to Loring?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., August 4, 1862.

General EARL VAN DORN, Vicksburg, Miss.:

The importance of the object at which aim cannot be overestimated. I fear General Bragg cannot detach any more of his force.

The Secretary of War will send you an order for the Texas Legion.

