
service for six additional months, to commence from the expiration of their present term of service, unless sooner discharged.

* * * * *

By order of Thomas. O. Moore, Governor and commander-in-chief:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General Louisiana.

JACKSON, MISS., August 13, 1862.

General BRECKINRIDGE, near Baton Rouge:

Move your whole force to Port Hudson, and make disposition for holding it and to guard roads to Camp Moore and Clinton. Port Hudson must be held if possible. I have directed camp and garrison equipage to be sent there. When I get your letter will telegraph further.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

PONCHAROULA, LA.,

Wednesday, August 13, 1862-2 p. m.

Brigadier General DANIEL RUGGLES, C. S. A.,

In Camp near Baton Rouge, La.:

GENERAL: I have been to all the points around this post, and an now prepared to make any demonstration which may be ordered or dash at anything which shows itself. I have been to North Pass of Manchac; it can be repaired in a few hours. I will visit the South Pass to-morrow or next day. I was in Covington and Madisonville yesterday.

The Militia are turning out slowly, and there will not be more than 300 of them all the parishes. It is said that Washington Parish was not included in your order, and that there will be no turnout from there. They do not know yet how they will organize, as there will be four or five full colonels to the 300 men.

Under the short general order from General Breckinridge I don not feel like issuing many orders in the premises, but hope to receive some definite instructions on the subject. Something will have to be done to equip them, but this can be done after they organize and it is discovered how many of them are willing and fit for duty. The conscripts are still in Saint Tammany, and it is said that Saint Helena was not included rain and I hope that the people will fell encouraged, although those in camp have no tents.

I will have to appoint a temporary commissary and quartermaster to issue to the separate commands here. There is plenty of beef in this country if it is needed, and unless a good supply is coming from Texas it would be well to have it driven farther from the coast.

The schooners that have been running between this and New Orleans are delayed too long here if the trade is to be kept open. I should have power to give them clearances at once or the provost-marshal should. The charcoal, lumber, brick, and such like are of no early value to us, and luffed can bring, as the last two have, 150 sacks of salt, 10 barrels flour, &amp;c., each, and when properly arranged thousands of dollars' worth of valuable medicines, &c.

If there is any one in the city with whom the authorities are corresponding

