
I would like to know it, and if there is not I can readily find some one who will keep us posted. The steamboat-men are generally sound and smart, and through them I can open communication.

EIGHT P. M.

Several parties have arrived on their way to New Orleans. Mr. Foster, who seems to be an especial agent, came down to examine the cargoes an give clearances. I will let you know the result to -morrow.

My commissary has arrived. I will send him to Camo Moore to-morrow for rations for the Militia. Please give me full instructions in regard to the militia organization, as I already see trouble brewing among the various colonels, captains, &amp;c.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON, MO. S. G.,

Brigadier General, on Special Service, C. S. Army.

ORDERS, HDQRS. LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 812. Opelousas, August 14, 1862.

I. The section I, II, III, IV, and V, of the General Orders, No. 8 issued by Brigadier General R. C. Martin, commanding Fifth Brigade, Louisiana Militia,* are hereby revoked, as being disrespectful to the Governor and commander-in-chief, unwarranted, unnecessary, and in contravention to militia rule and discipline and to orders before issued from these headquarters, of which Brigade-General Martin has been informed.

II. Partisan Ranger corps throughout the State will proceed to obey the special orders issued directly to those headquarters, in absence of orders from this office to the contrary. They will report in their arrival to the brigadier-general of the district in which they may be operating informing him of their presence, and giving him a copy of the orders under which they are acting.

III. Brigadier-General Martin is temporarily removed from the command of the Fifth Brigade, to await a trial by court-martial. He will report himself to Major John L. Lewis, commanding the State Militia, under arrest.

IV. Major General John. L. Lewis, commanding State Militia, will enforce this order, and will place in command of the brigade the senior colonel.

By order of Thomas O. Moore, Governor and commander-in-chief:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General Louisiana.

ORDERS, HDQRS. LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 814. Opelousas, August 14, 1862.

1. Major General John L. Lewis, commanding State Militia, will proceed to Thibodeauxville, parish of La Fourche, and establish there his headquarters, or at some other convenient point, until further orders.

II. Major General John L. Lewis will take charge of the defenses of the Fifth and Ninth Brigades, examine the state of defenses therein erected,

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

