
The wound of Brigadier General Charles Clark being thought mortal, and the least motion causing great agony, he was left on the field at his own request, his aide, Lieutenant Yerger, remaining with him. The next morning they gave themselves up to the enemy.

I cannot speak in terms too strong of the skill, coolness, and courage of General Clark. He played the part of a perfect soldier. Brigadier-General Ruggles conducted the attack on the left with uncommon rapidity and precision, and exhibited throughout the qualities of a brave and experienced officer.

In addition to the officers of my staff already mentioned I desire to express my acknowledgments of the zeal and gallantry of Major Wilson, chief of artillery; Major Hope, inspector-general, whose horse was shot under him; Captain James Nocquet, chief of engineers; Lieutenant Breckinridge, aide-de-camp, and Dr. Pendleton, medical director, assisted by Dr. Weatherly, on temporary service. A number of gentlemen from Louisiana and elsewhere rendered efficient service as volunteers, among whom were Lieutenant-Colonel Pinkney, Mr. Addison, and Captain Bird, of Louisiana; Lieutenant-Colonel Brewer, of Kentucky, and Mr. William B. Hamilton, of Mississippi.

The thanks of the army are due to Hon. Thomas G. Davidson for his attention to the hospital, and to all the inhabitants of that part of Louisiana for their devotion to our sick and wounded. Colonel Pond and Major De Baun, in command of Partisan Rangers, were efficient before and after the battle in observing and harassing the enemy.

The inability of General Clark and the failure of several officers to make reports may prevent full justice to the conduct of the First Division. Any omission here will, when brought to my notice, be embodied in a supplemental report. The report of General Ruggles is very full as to all that occurred on the left. I send herewith a list of the officers and men specially mentioned in the division, brigade, and regimental reports for gallant conduct, with the request that it be published and the names brought to the favorable notice of the Government.

I transmit also the reports of the subordinate commanders and the returns of the killed and wounded. It will be seen that our casualties amounted to 467.* I have reason to believe that the loss of the enemy was much greater. We captured two flags and a few prisoners. Nothing was left by us except one caisson, which was so much injured as to be wholly unserviceable, one of the enemy's being brought off in its place.

After the battle the enemy, who previously had been plundering, burning houses and other property, stealing negroes, and seizing citizens through a large region of the country, never ventured to send out another marauding force. Our pickets continued to extend to the immediate vicinity of Baton Rouge, and very soon the enemy abandoned the place and retired to New Orleans.

A few days after the engagement, knowing the desire of the major-general commanding to secure a strong position on the Mississippi below the mouth of Red River, I occupied Port Hudson with a portion of the troops under the command of Brigadier-General Ruggles. The next day I received orders to remove all the troops to that point. Brigadier-General Bowen, who had just arrived, was left with his command on the Comite River to observe Baton Rouge from that quarter, to protect our hospitals, and to cover the line of communication between

---------------

*The tabular statement compiled from the several reports shows only 446 killed, wounded and missing.

---------------

