
which you have, as I think I can use them to double advantage against the city which you can against the Yankees at Baton Rouge. They can be marched directly to this point and can report nothing which we do not wish told. The enemy have already heard of my presence and are on the lookout, and I think I will make a demonstration to-morrow to keep them uneasy. If the Zouaves are have the areolas will hear of the movement and be prepared to render assistance if necessary. I can stuff them easier I can gossiping Americans. From your camp on Comite to this place is 10 miles nearer than to Tangipahoa, and every movement and march can and will be construed as a double intention on New Orleans or Baton Rouge, and although the railroad may make more, the Government will save transportation as well as confusing the enemy. Therefore I would recommend this route.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON, Mo. S. G.,

Brigadier General, On Special, C. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD, No. 23. August 15, 1862.

I. Colonel Trabue will move with his command this evening at 5 o'clock to Port Hudson. He will take with him Cobb's battery, leaving two pieces to report to Colonel Scott, of Brigadier-General Bowen's command. He will take at least three days' rations, and will make the march as soon as possible, and will observe carefully toward his left flank as he proceeds.

II. Brigadier-General Bowen will have the command of Colonel Scott, with two pieces of Cobb's battery (which will report to Colonel Scott this afternoon), ready to move with such transportation as it may have and at least three days' rations at daylight to-morrow morning, to await final orders from these headquarters.

III. The chief commissary will have three days' subsistence for 4,000 men at Clinton within two days, thence to be conveyed by railroad immediately to Port Hudson. Supplies for that number at least must be kept constantly on hand at Port Hudson.

IV. Brigadier-General Ruggles will urge forward the works at Port Hudson as rapidly as possible, obtaining where he can tools, labor, &amp;c. He will gather all the transportation possible for use on the railroad between Port Hudson and extent them as near Baton Rouge as he can on the Clinton plank road.

By order of Major-General Breckinridge:

JOHN A. BUCKNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD, No. 25. Near Port Hudson, August 18, 1862.

I. In pursuance of orders from headquarters of department, Brigadier-General Ruggles will assume command of all the troops in this military district, except the Kentucky and Tennessee troops in this regiments from General Villepigue's command, now commanded by [Colonel] Scott. The troops thus excepted will move to-morrow morn-

