
ing as early as possible via Clinton to Camp Moore, and will be expected to reach the latter place very early on Friday morning. The pickets from the troops to move to Camp Moore will be called in this evening and their places supplied by Brigadier-General Ruggles from his command. If Brigadier-General Bowen has nay organized force from Kentucky or Tennessee he will immediately send it to Camp Moore.

II. Major Brown, commissary, and Major Haynes, quartermaster, will provide subsistence and transportation for the troops to move to Camp Moore.

III. Colonel Scott will move his brigade independently of Colonel Trabue's brigade, but they will confer together and not separate far on the road, and will try to reach Camp Moore together early Friday morning.

IV. Cobb's and Hudson's batteries will report to Colonel Trabue. Captain McClung, with his battery, will report to Brigadier-General Ruggles.

V. Captain [E. M.] Blackburn's cavalry will report to these headquarters to-morrow morning at 8 o'clock.

VI. Colonel Trabue will cause all the troops under his command, excepting the Kentucky and Tennessee troops, to report immediately to Brigadier-General Ruggles.

By order of Major-General Breckinridge:

JOHN A. BUCKNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD, No. 108. Port Hudson, August 18, 1862.

Brigadier-General Bowen will to Brigadier-General Ruggles, who is now at Port Hudson, for orders, in pursuance of orders from Major-General Van Dorn.

By order of Major-General Breckinridge:

JOHN A. BUCKNER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WEST BATON ROUGE, August 20, 1862.

Captain HOOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ruggle's Army:

SIR: I have the following important communication to make:

Dr. Lyle, of this parish, a perfectly reliable gentleman and conspicuous for his loyalty, has just returned from opposite Baton Rouge. Provost-Marshal Killborn has been in communication this day with Messrs. Pike and Hart. He (Killborn) informed them that dispatch has just been received from General Butler, ordering an immediate evacuation of Baton Rouge and countermanding the order for burning the town. The transports are now anchored in the middle of the river, with steam up, having taken on board all their stores. The men only are yet to be embarked. The Essex was lying in close to the shore, shelling the woods.

This Killborn also offered to deliver up to Messrs. Pike and Hart, as agents of the State, the penitentiary, provided they (the enemy) be permitted to remove a certain number of the prisoners and what ma-

51 R R-VOL XV

