
chinery they wish;; that is, the machinery which would prevent the manufacture of goods for the Southern Army. This was told to Dr. Lyle by Messrs. Pike and Hart themselves, who said also that they had refused to accept the offer. Killborn told them that they intended to leave all the negroes now in their possession in the town, and your own judgment will suggest the necessity of immediately occupying the place with a body of troops.

Killborn told Messrs. Pike and Hart that he had received a dispatch confirming the capture of Pope's army (23,000 men) by Stonewall Jackson. If I hear or obtain any reliable information to-morrow I shall send you word at once.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

B. W. CLARK,

Adjutant Fourth Louisiana.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA,Opelousas, August 20, 1862.

Brigadier General DANIEL RUGGLES:

GENERAL: I have just learned with much gratification of your having occupied Port Hudson; a movement I regard of very great importance at the present juncture. I shall ascertain what siege guns there are at my disposal on this side of the river, and if there are any which can be of service to you I shall take the proper measures to let you have the benefit of them.

Since my arrival here a communication dated August 11 has been placed in my hands from Col. Preston Pond, directed to the commanding officer of the Texas troops on this side of the river. The object of Colonel Pond's letter was to obtain the co-operation of those troops in the attack then meditated on Baton Rouge. As the attack was made before Colonel Pond's letter reached its destination it has of course failed in its object, and there is no occasion at present that I am aware of which would render it desirable to transfer these troops to the Cache River, even if I could spare them, which I cannot now well do.

I am about to undertake an expedition which I anticipate will place me in possession of the Opelousas Railroad up to the vicinity of Algeries.

I am establishing a line of couriers between this point and Woodwille. It would greatly facilitate my communications with Richmond and with General Van Dorn if the general would place couriers on the route between Summit and Woodville.

You would oblige my by transmitting this letter to the general after reading it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding Western Louisiana.

[Indorsement.]

General BEALL:

I recommend establishing the couriers requested.

Please return this by courier.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[AUGUST 20, 1862.-For order establishing the Districts of Louisiana, Texas, and Arkansas, see Series I, Vol. IX, p. 731.]

