
RICHMOND, MADISO PARISH, LA.,

September 1, 1862.

Col. WM. PRESTON JOHNSTON,

Aide-de-Camp, President's Office, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: I reached this place to-day, having crossed the Mississippi at Vicksburg and passed within 1 mile of the enemy's gunboats (two), now engaged in observing the mouth of the Yazoo at young's Point, 10 miles above Vicksburg. General Blanchard is still in command of this department, headquarters at Monroe, La., 105 miles by the wagon road and 80 by rail to Vicksburg. The railroad is now in operation from Monroe to Tallulah; distance, 60 miles. The force in this department consists of Morrison's regiment, Thirty-first Louisiana; Gray's Twenty-eighth Louisiana; Shelley's Louisiana battalion; Chambliss' battalion (Partisan Rangers); Harper's company (Partisan Rangers), and Benton's light battery four pieces. I am informed has a heavy sick list, and furnishes but 1,000 men for duty. I am informed by officers stationed here that there are but 1,200 stand of effective arms in the department, chiefly shot-guns.

I have the honor herewith to transmit through you to the President a map* of Madison Parish, Louisiana. The section lines will furnished the scale. From this map you will perceive that unless there is an adquazte force to prevent it the enemy may construct a military road from Milliken's Bend to New Carthage, a distance of 32 miles, and through it keep open his communication with his best scourges of supplies on the upper river, thus avoiding Vicksburg altogether and cutting off this only practicable line of communication with Texas, Western Louisiana, Arkansas, and the Indian Territory. Deserters from the Yankee fleet state that it lies at Lake Providence, 40 miles above Vicksburg, and consists of seven iron-clad gunboats and five transports, with troops. I should have stated that this section of Louisiana can now furnish 4,000 men for service, and the people are ready and anxious to take the field, but have no arms. I will write from Marshall, Tex., and inform you of what was done or intended by that military hybrid the Governor's caucus.

With best wishes for the President's good health, I am, colonel, yours, truly,

T. J. MACKEY,

Captain, &amp;c.

GENERAL ORDERS, DISTRICT OF THE MISSISSIPPI, No. 2. Headquarters, Jackson, Miss., September 8, 1862.

I. To preserve order among military persons, and to prevent improper intercourse with the enemy, by either citizens or soldiers, the following persons will act temporarily as provost-marshals at the points designated, viz: Vicksburg and Warren County, Mississippi, James D, Stuart; Saint Helena Parish, Louisiana, Judge G. W. Martin; Saint Tammany Parish, Louisiana, Jules L. Blanc; Livingston Paris, Louisiana, F. G. Davidson; Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, R. A. Hunter; Port Hundson, Louisiana, John C. Miller; East Feliciana Parish, Louisiana, D. C. Hardee; West Feliciana Parish, Louisiana, J. H. Collins; Ascention Parish, Louisiana, Captain Bard; Adams County Mississippi, A.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

