
K. Farr; Jefferson County, Mississippi, Howell Hinds; Claiborne County Mississippi,

-------

----; Wilkinson County, Mississippi, J. H. Simms; Madison County, Mississippi, Dr. M. J. McKie; Yallabusha County, Mississippi, R. H. Forester; Yazoo County, Mississippi, H. C. Tyler.

II. Martial law having been abolished, the duties of the provost-marshals above named will be confided strictly within their proper military jurisdiction, in conformity with the customs of war and the following articles of war:

ART. 56. Whoever shall relieve the enemy with money, victuals, or ammunition, or shall knowingly harbor or protect an enemy, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as shall be ordered by the sentence of a court-martial.

ART. 57. Whoever shall be convicted of holding correspondence with or giving intelligence to the enemy, either directly or indirectly, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as shall be ordered by the sentence of a court-martial.

ART. 58. All public stores taken in the enemy's camps, towns, posts, or magazines, whether of artillery, ammunition, clothing, forage, or provisions, shall be secured for the service of the Confederate states, for the neglect of which the commanding officer is to be answerable.

ART. 82. Every officer or provost-marshal to whose charge prisoners shall be committed shall, within twenty-four hours after such commitment or as soon as he shall be relieved from his guard, make report in writing to the commanding officer of their names, their crimes, and the names of the officers who committed them, on the penalty of being punished for disobedience or neglect, at the discretion of a court-martial.

III. All correspondence with this department will be held with the district provost-marshal, Col. James O. Fuqua, at the headquarters. By command of Brigadier-General Ruggles:

R. M. HOOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, MISS., September 11, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

I recommend an immediate movement against New Orleans. I send proposed plan by messenger.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Jackson, Miss., September 11, 1862.

S. COOPER.

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to forward for your consideration an outline plan for an advance on New Orleans.

The question is apparently one of some urgency, anticipating the period when the enemy will be enabled to re-enforce the city and add to this defenses. the present force is greatly demoralized and enfeebled by sickness and is known to be in a state of continued alarm; circumstances greatly in our favor. It is also to be observe that our loyal men within the enemy's jurisdiction ar subjected to indignities and are gradually rendered powerless in our cause.

The combined operations of a force of 20,000 men within from four to six weeks would probably prove adequate to the great object in view.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

