
[Inclosure.]

Outline plan of proposed expedition for the recapture of New Orleans.

THE CITY AND ITS DEFENSES.

The present resident population is supposed to comprise some 100,000 people, among whom few will be found disloyal to the Confederate Government.

The defenses consist of two parallel cremaillere lines, one above and the other below the city, extending from the river to the swamp in rear. The communications with lake shore are defended by redoubts mounting siege guns.

The present strength of the enemy is known to be less than 10,000 men, and those greatly demoralized and suffering from the influences of the climate.

THE PROPOSED PLAN OF ATTACK.

1st. Concentrate troops near Manchac Pass, Pontchatoula, repair railroad bridge across Manchac and below, which will require only a brief periods.

2nd. Concentrate a movable column at a camp already ordered in Ascension Parish, about 35 miles below Baton Rouge.

3rd. The light-draught gunboats at Mobile, with available transports, to proceed to Lake Pontchartain, clear the lake, and convey troops across.

4th. The troops in West Louisiana to be concentrated in two columns near Plaquemine and on the Opelousas Railroad, ready to co-operate. If deemed expedient, 5,000 troops to be thrown from the west across the river to the east bank.

5th. The different columns to move simultaneously and co-operate in a combined attack on the defenses of the city, in which it is anticipated that loyal men in large numbers under arms will co-operate with our troops.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department.

[SEPTEMBER 12, 1862.-For President Davis to the Governors of Arkansas, Louisiana, Missouri, and Texas, see Series I, Vol. XIII, p. 379.]

JACKSON, MISS., September 17, 1862.

Brigadier-General BEALL, Port Hudson, La.:

Concentrate your troops for the defense of Port Hudson.

Guard Baton Rouge with one company of infantry, section of two guns, and 15 mounted men, under Lieutenant-Colonel Shields.

Protect the machinery in the penitentiary; recover any taken away, and place in all under charge of the police jury of the parish of East Feliciana.

Place a small guard at Bayou Sara if expedient.

DANIEL RUGGLES.

