
Clinton and Camp Moore. I directed General Ruggles to select eligible positions at Port Hudson for heavy batteries, and ordered Captain Nocquet, chief engineer, to report to him temporarily for this duty.

Upon my arrival there I found that rapid progress had been made, and some of the works under charge of Captain Nocquet were ready to receive the guns, which the major-general commanding wrote me were on the way. Port Hudson is one of the strongest points on the Mississippi (which Baton Rouge is not) and batteries there will command the river more completely than at Vicksburg.

On August 19, in obedience to orders from the headquarters of the department, I moved from Port Hudson for Jackson, Miss., with a portion of the force, leaving Brigadier-General Ruggles in command, with----troops.

In concluding this report I have to express my obligations for the prompt and cordial support which I received at all times from the major-general commanding the department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

Major M. M. KIMMEL, Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-I omitted to mention that the Fifteenth Mississippi, Major Binford, was not brought into action. This admirable regiment, much reduced by long and gallant service, was held as a reserve.

[Inclosure.]

Officers mentioned for gallant conduct at the battle of Baton Rouge, La.

EXHIBIT A.-Report of First Division.

Captain Hughes, commanding Twenty-second Mississippi Regiment; Brigadier General Charles Clark, and his aides, Lieutenants Spooner and Yerger; Major H. E. Topp, of the Thirty-first Mississippi Regiment; Major Brown, chief of subsistence; Captain J. H. Millett, commanding Fourth Kentucky Regiment; Colonel Crossland, Seventh Kentucky Regiment; Major J. C. Wickliffe, of the Fifth Kentucky; Privates John Thompson, Company F, and J. M. Byrd, Company G, Fourth Alabama Battalion; Lieutenant-Colonel Moore, of the Nineteenth Tennessee Regiment; Adjutant Fitzpatrick, Twenty-second Mississippi Regiment.

Officers and soldiers mentioned in the report of Brigadier-General Ruggles, commanding Second Division.

First [Brigade].-Cols. A. P. Thompson and H. W. Allen, brigade commanders, both severely wounded; Third Kentucky Regiment, Captain Bowman; Seventh Kentucky, Colonel Crossland and his color-bearer, Joseph Rollins; Sixth Kentucky Regiment, Capts. Isaac Smith, Utterback, and Thomas G. Page, and First Lieutenant F. Harned; Thirty-fifth Alabama, Colonel Robertson and Lieutenant-Colonel Goodwin.

Of the Second Brigade.-The Fourth Louisiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Hunter; Lieutenant Corkern, Company B; Lieutenant Jeter, Company F, and Sergeant-Major Daniels. Battalion of Stewart's Legion, Lieutenant Col. Sam. Boyd, who was disabled by a flesh wounded in the arm; Captain Chinn also was wounded; (the command devolved upon Captain T. Bynum, who acted with gallantry.) The battalion Thirtieth Louisiana Volunteer Regiment, commanded by Col. G. A. Breaux, who speaks in high terms of the officers and men of his regiment, especially Captain N. Trepagnier and Lieutenant Dapremont, both wounded. Lieutenant

6 R R-VOL XV

