
engineer officer be sent to construct a boom at Haines' Bluff and a battery to defend it, further to impede the navigation of the Yazoo. He also directs that this battery (at Haines' Bluff) be covered by a sufficient force to protect it, and that the road be repaired leading thence to Vicksburg. He also directs that you employ negro labor to prosecute these works with the greatest energy and promptitude.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

-------

-------

,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, September 23, 1862.

Brigadier General DANIEL RUGGLES,

Commanding District of Mississippi, Jackson, Miss.:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of the 11th instant I am instructed by the Secretary of War to inform you that Major-General Taylor has already been assigned by the President to the very responsible duties referred to therein, and the Secretary is at a loss to understand why Brigadier-General Roggles, who commands the District of Mississippi, should propose to interfere with the authority vested in Major-General Taylor, or which he should give publicity through the medium of the telegraph to suggestions which should have been regarded by him as private and are so regarded in the instructions to General Taylor.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JASPER S. WHITING,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., September 24, 1862.

[General S. COOPER:?]

GENERAL: At the earliest moment on returning to duty, and having [referred] again to the necessary records, I have to submit the following report touching the occupation and fortification of the position of Vicksburg, to the end that due justice may be done the series of a modest officer of high worth, namely, Captain D. B. Harris, Provisional Engineer Corps, C. S. Army.

Satisfied early in March last that the several positions of Island [No.] 10, Madrid Bend, and Fort Pillow, with the inadequate means at my disposition, would afford but temporary barriers to the enemy's gunboats and great resources, I became extremely anxious to have the river thoroughly examined by a competent officer for the most favorable points for defensive works southward of Port Pillow and north of Port Hudson. With the view I applied to the late General A. S. Johnston for the services of Major J. F. Gilmer, C. S. Engineers, for that duty, as well as for the inspection and strengthening of the works at Fort Pillow. That capable officer, however, could not be spared from his other important duties. Subsequently-after the battle of Shiloh-I detailed an intelligent officer, Captain A. B. Gray, Provisional Engineers, to make the river reconnaissance, but he, unfortunately, was killed at the starting point of his duties, within the works of Fort Pillow. But previous to any examination I had recommended to Major

