
volunteered to accompany me, says he can do it at a small expense and with little labor. I would respectfully request the general to give me his views on the subject. I could perhaps drive off the enemy from the bay by using the guns of long range now at Houston, but to do this it would be necessary to throw up a work of fortification and to make platforms resting upon a solid foundation, all of which would have to be accomplished within range of the enemy's guns, exposing for several days the working parties and the troops protecting them to a force which they could not answer. Lieutenant Col. A. Smith, of the Independent Texas Infantry, is with me. His experience has already been very useful to me.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

X. B. DEBRAY,

Colonel, Comdg. Sub-Military District of Houston.

P. S.-Several residents of Sabine Pass, sick with yellow fever, arrived here yesterday. I requested the provost-marshal to restrict the intercourse of the persons who nurse them to the lower portion of the town, where they have found shelter.
HEADQUARTERS SUB-MILITARY DISTRICT OF HOUSTON,Houston, Tex., September 28, 1862.

Captain C. M. MASON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have returned to-day from Beaumont with Emore's regiment and the detachment of Griffin's battalion. Wilson's battery had no transportation, but shall return to-morrow. From a reconnaissance made personally down to near the terminus of the Sabine Pass Railroad (2 1/2 miles from the town), and from information received through scouts who penetrated into the town, I have satisfied myself that two schooners-one 140 tons burden, armed with two 32-pounders and one mortar gun, and the other 120 tons burden, carrying two 32-pounders and one 20-pounder Parrot gun-are lying at anchor within the bay and shut completely the Pass. No permanent landing has been made and none will probably be made, owing to yellow fever, which is still raging. Each schooner has 50 men on board. I have stationed the two mounted companies of Spaight's battalion between Beaumont and Sabine Pass at a point from which they can watch the movements of the enemy in the bay and bring prompt intelligence to Beaumont and Orange. Their orders are to drive off the herds of cattle from the vicinity of the bay, to push frequent scout to the town of Sabine in order to watch the inhabitants, and to receive information to endeavor to cut off enemy's parties who may attempt to land to procure beeves. The section of artillery of Spaight's battalion is stationed at a bend of the Nechez, with two 32-pounders, at 12 miles from Beaumont. Owing to the short distance from which they can be fired at by the enemy he will not have the advantage of long range. One company is stationed near Beaumont to protect the railroad bridge. I have ordered the provost-marshal at Orange to require the owners of cotton at Orange or their agents to remove it within one week beyond reach of the enemy, with warning that should they fail to do so it shall be removed by him at

