
so remarkable for its gallantry and readiness to meet the enemy that those few exceptions but serve to heighten the picture of their devotion-to bring at once to his knowledge any who are guilty of this conduct subversive of good order and military discipline and affording aid and comfort to the enemy, in order that they may be punished in the severest manner, land that they may be driven from the ranks of honorable men, to hide their faces in confinement, whilst their names shall be published to their countrymen for execration, and go down to the latest posterity branded with infantry as the Arnolds of a revolution the most righteous and the most just that a people has ever inaugurated.

Forbearance has already ceased to be a virtue, and the commanding general tells these men now, and for the last time, "the sword of justice shall fall."

By command of Major General Bankhead Magruder:

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS, HDQRS. LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 881. Alexandria, September 30, 1862.

I. There being no longer necessity for the militia of the parishes of La Fourche, Terre Bonne, Assumption, Saint Mary's, Saint Martin's, Ascension, Saint James, Saint John Baptist, and Saint Charles, the same is hereby disbanded, and will be, on receipt of this order, ordered to their respective homes.

* * * *

By order of Thomas O. Moore, Governor and commander-in-chief:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General Louisiana.
HEADQUARTERS SIBLEY'S BRIGADE,Marshall, Tex., October 1, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication* of September 1, instructing me in certain contingencies to report with me brigade to Major-General Taylor, in Louisiana. I have, in accordance with your desire, addressed a communication to General Hebert, commanding the Department of Texas, desiring him to inform me whether or not the State of Texas was in imminent peril of invasion. Meanwhile I have ordered the reassembling of my regiments preparatory to a rapid march in the direction of New Iberia, the point indicated by General Taylor.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

