
peninsula of Bolivar shall constitute one command, and by styled the Military District of Galveston, Department of Texas.

By command of Brigadier General P. O. Hebert:

GEO. R. WILSON,

Aide-de-Camp.

JACKSON, MISS., October 3, 1862.

General S. COOPER:

The following has just been received:

PORT HUDSON, LA., October 2, 1862.

General RUGGLES:

The French vice-consul, who is just from New Orleans, informs our captain (Girard) that General Butler has received a re-enforcement of 8,000 men.

W. R. MILES,

Colonel, Commanding.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Jackson, Miss., October 3, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to state that voluntary enlistment and the conscription have taken into the military service of the country such a large proportion of the active freemen of this district, including the owners of slaves and other persons engaged in their management, that many plantations with numerous slaves are being left without the ordinary and necessary control of the white man, and daily applications are made to me to detailed or to authorize the retention of proper persons to superintend them. Pernicious influences have already been manifested upon many of these plantations, and it is perhaps not without reason that fears are entertained of some serious disturbance in the sections most densely populated by the servile race, which are in most cases approachable by navigable streams. Having no authority myself to provide the needed and adequate remedy for such a state of affairs, I am constrained to bring the subject to the attention of the War Department because of the large and grave interests at present and prospectively involved, especially should there by opportunity for the execution to any extend of the recently enunciated purpose of the Federal Government with reference to our slaves. The magnitude of this interest within this district is such that some speedy remedy and indicated line of future policy seemed to be imperatively demanded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

JACKSON, MISS., October 7, 1862.

Brigadier-General BLANCHARD, Monroe, La.:

General Van Dorn attacked the enemy and drove him from the entrenchments at Corinth on the 3rd instant. The enemy having been

