
re-enforced on the 4th, our army fell back toward Ripley on the 5th. Our loss reported heavy. The enemy reported making an expedition from New Orleans, 4,000 strong, against Donaldsonville and district surrounding.

Forward to Major-General Taylor.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Jackson, Miss., October 8, 1862.

His Excellency JOHN J. PETTUS,

Governor of Mississippi:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to request that you will furnish all the available State troops along the northern border of the State, as well as along the Mississippi River as far as the southern boundary, to co-operate with the Confederate forces in those sections.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DISTRICT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, Tex., October 8, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt to-day of your communication, dated June 17, 1862,* inclosing copy of letter of Mr. W. W. Frizzell, complaining of outrages committed by Carter's brigade, and to inform you that information of a similar nature from private sources, and also from the Governor of Louisiana, reached these headquarters in regard to outrages committed by Carter's brigade. At that time the brigade could not be reached in the Department of Texas, as it was near or beyond the Red River, on its march northward, under orders from Major-General Van Dorn. I inclose copy of letter to Colonel Carter, directing him to investigate into the matter and to prefer the proper charges, laying them before Major-General Hindman. A stringent order was immediately published, of which please find a copy inclosed.

I have the honor further to remark that it has been found impossible to control these independent corps, raised by persons under direct authority from Richmond and with orders to report to some command or general outside of the Department of Texas. These officers had no orders to report to the general commanding this department, and were in fact independent organizations within it an acting under superior orders. Still, all outrages upon private property would have been summarily punished could the parties have been reached. No charges of the kind have ever been preferred against the troops proper of the Department of Texas. The letter of Mr. Frizzell will be immediately forwarded to Major-General Holmes at Little Rock, near which point Carter's brigade is now supposed to be stationed, although I have no information of the movements of the brigade after it left the limits of this State.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. O. HEBERT,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

---------------

*Communication from the Secretary of War not found.

---------------

