
[Inclosure No. 1.]

ALTO, CHEROKEE COUNTY, TEX.,

May 15, 1862.

Hon. JOHN H. REAGAN,

Postmaster-General, C. S. A., Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: I have to acknowledge receipt of your official report, which came to hand a few days since, and for which I am very grateful and much pleased. But I fear from present indications, with the Federals in possession of the Mississippi River, that in future all mail facilities between Richmond and this country will be cut off for a time. We have varied rumors of a great victory for our forces in Virginia and at Corinth, but for want of through mails all rests on rumor. Although I am now writing you yet doubt whether it will be able to reach you; but all hazards will risk it running the blockade in order that I amy, through you, call the attention of the Government at Richmond to the fact that notorious outrages are at this time being practiced in the way of plunder (through this section) from a good citizens by an armed party of the citizens of Texas, professing to be Confederate soldiers and under the command of one Colonel Carter, from Hempstead, near Houston; but all of those professing to be officers acknowledge themselves void of any commissions authorizing them to draw on the Government for supplies; but notwithstanding they are marching eastward slowly with a force of from 1,500 to 3,000 men, remaining in each neighborhood just long enough to ravage the corn-cribs and smoke-houses of the defenseless surrounding country; and even the defenseless widow meets with no mercy at their hands, as I am credibly informed. They on yesterday, with ax and sledge-hammer, broke into the smoke-house and corn-crib of Judge Baxter, near the Nechez (with whom you are acquainted), and took therefrom a quantity of corn and meet, as I am credibly informed, and that against the wished and kind remonstrances of the judge and family. They on yesterday made their boasts that they found an old widow lady in possession of only 280 pounds of bacon; they took half. The good citizens left at home for the protection of families of those gone to the war are in perfect dread for selves and families, and know not want may come next. Instead of our own citizens being a protection they have become our hourly dread, and while I write I have seen them prowling about from house to house, evidently seeking whom they may devour nest. I trust your Government will take immediate notice of such conduct, and take measures for a speedy suppression of all such unlawful and unwarrantable conduct.

Your friend and obedient servant,

W. W. FRIZZELL.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War. Mr. Frizzell, the writer, is a respectable citizen.

JOHN H. REAGAN,

Postmaster-General.

Refer copy to Brigadier-General Hebert, Texas, and call for report.

[G. W. R.]

