
[Inclosure No. 2.]

HDQRWS. TRANS-MISS. DISTRICT SOUTH OF RED RIVER,

San Antonio, Tex., July 12, 1862.

Col. M. C. MANNING,

Aide-de-Camp, Opelousas, La.:

SIR: I am directed by the general commanding ot acknowledge the receipt of your communication* of 1st instant in regard to offenses committed by Taylor and others of Colonel Wilkes' command, and including affidavit of John Pellevarjo, and to say that instructions have been given to bring the offenders to speedy trial, and orders issued to prevent, as far as possible, any recurrence od such outrages, copies of which are herewith inclosed. The general commanding deeply regrets that such violations of all laws should have been committed by any troops of his command. It is proper to state that the regiment of Colonel Wilkes is a portion of a mounted force raised by Colonel Carter under direct authority from the War Department, and only within a few days reported to these headquarters in compliance with General Orders, No. 1,* of June 18 ultimo. I am further directed to request that you will, as soon as possible, collect all evidence necessary to a strict prosecution, prepared in such shape as may be used on trial before a court-martial, and forward same to the assistant adjutant-general of Major-General Hindman at Little Rock and copy to these headquarters.

* * * * *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. M. MASON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 3.]
HDQRS. TRANS-MISS. DISTRICT SOUTH OF RED RIVER,San Antonio, Tex., July 12, 1862.

Col. G. W. CARTER,

Comdg., &amp;c. (care of Major-General Hindman), Little Rock, Ark.:

SIR: I am directed by the general commanding to inclose a copy of a communication* from the Governor of Louisiana and to call your immediate attention to the outrages therein referred to, committed, as alleged, by officers of your command, and to instruct you to have the same promptly investigated; to place and officer therewith connected in arrest until charges and specifications (which you will cause to be prepared without delay) are laid before Major-General Hindman for his orders. I am further directed to instruct you to take speedy measures to prevent any recurrence of such outrages. The charges and specifications against Colonel Gillespie, referred to you from these headquarters June 17 ultimo, will also be laid before General Hindman for his orders.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. M. MASON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 4.]

GENERAL ORDERS,HDQRS. T.-MISS. DIST. S. RED RIVER,

No. 11. San Antonio, Tex., July 11, 1862.

I. With much concern the general commanding this district has

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

