
learned that officers of the Confederate Army have, upon drivers occasions seized and appropriated the private property of good and loyal citizens. That officers in the service should perpetrate such outrageously illegal acts would seem incredible were it not for the irrefragable proofs furnished. Such conduct is in direct violation of all law, of the Regulations and Articles of War, and unbecoming an officer and a gentleman.

II. Any officer guilty of such conduct shall be promptly arrested by the nearest officer, whether he ranks him or not, charges preferred against him, tried by court-martial, and have inflicted upon him the severest punishment under the Articles of War and the law martial.

By order of Brigadier General P. O. Hebert:

C. M. MASON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DISTRICT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, Tex., October 8, 1862.

Col. X. B. DEBRAY,

Commanding, &amp;c., Houston, Tex.:

SIR: The information received from you in regard to the attack on Galveston leaves the general commanding in doubt as to the result. If compelled to evacuate Galveston before a superior force of the enemy you must distribute your forces in accordance with previous instructions, so as to hold Virginia Point, the railroad bridge, the passages to Houston and into the interior (Dickenson's Bayou, Buffalo Bayou, Trinity River, &c.). The general confidently expects that none of the guns have been sacrificed, as it is important they should remain in our possession. You will therefore carry them off with you if compelled to evacuate under the circumstances mentioned above. You will send your reports by express. You will establish express to this point or to meet those from these headquarters; the express to exchange at Alleyton. I inclose for your information copy of instructions to Major Minter, chief quartermaster, directing him to establish an express between this point and Alleyton. Major Moise is also directed to establish an express from your headquarters to Alleyton, copy of which is inclosed.

By order of BrigadierGeneral P. O. Hebert:

SAMUEL BOYER DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

VIRGINIA POINT, TEX., October 10, 1862.

Captain SAMUEL BOYER DAVIS (through Captain Wharton):

No change in the movements of the fleet. Three Yankee soldiers brought in last night by our cavalry pickets give themselves as deserters. I will examine them closely and send them to Houston to the provost-marshal. What small I do with them?

X. B. DEBRAY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain WHARTON:

I cannot come to-day, but very probably I shall be at Houston to-morrow.

