
receipt of this order, disband the militia of the parishes of Saint Charles, Saint John Baptist, Saint James, Ascension, Assumption, La Fourche, Terre Bonne, Saint Mary's, and Saint Martin's, unless Brigadier General Alfred Martin [Mounton], C. Sd. Army, and in his absence Col. W. G. Vincent, C. S. Army, demands that a portion therefor or the whole be retained in service, in which event the portion so required shall remain in the service until no longer needed by the Confederate officer in command. The militia so retained shall be turned over to the Confederate officer in command and be in the pay and subsistence of the Confederate States.

* * * * *

By order of Thomas O. Moore, Governor and commander-in-chief:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General Lousiana.

GENERAL ORDERS,HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISS. AND EAST LA.,

No. 1. Jackson, Miss., October 14, 1862.

I. In compliance with instructions received from the War Department at Richmond, Va., the undersigned this day assumes command of the Department of Mississippi and Eastern Lousiana, including the forces intended to operate in Southwestern Tennessee. For the present headquarters of the department will be at Jackson, Miss.

II. Major J. R. Waddy, Adjutant-General's Department, is announced as chief of staff and adjutant-general of the department, to whom all official communications intended for these headquarters will be addressed.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, P. A. C. S., Commanding Department.

CORPUS CHRISTI, TEX., October 15, 1862.

Major E. E. GRAY,

A. A. G., Sub-Military District of the Rio Grande:

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, No. 416, from headquarters of this military district, I have strengthened and repaired the old battery on the north side of this city; constructed a traverse 60 feet long for protection of its armament against any attempt to enfilade it from the north side. The old platforms to the number of three have been properly leveled and thoroughly repaired and two additional ones constructed. Four pieces-one an 18-pounder siege gun, one 12-pounder siege gun (both on field carriages), and two 12-pounder ship guns-are now mounted in said battery. A subterraneous magazine-6 feet by 8 and well protected, sufficiently large to hold ammunition for one day's fight-has been constructed 35 yards in the rear of and fully protected by the embankment. A well-equally well protected and affording a sufficient quantity of good water-has been dug. On the south side of the city I have constructed a very strong water battery, with platforms for four guns, a magazine 6 feet by 3, and a well, perfectly protected and affording an abundance of good water. The magazine in this battery is not as well protected as might be desired, owing to the circumstance that water is encountered here within 3 feet of the surface, thus preventing me from constructing a subterraneous magazine. Two

