
24-pounder howitzers are at present mounted in this battery, which is designed on the sketch as B No. 2. On the bluff two batteries have been constructed, entirely sunk into the ground, and using the face of the bluff to the thickness of 60 feet as epaulement. In the battery near the flag-staff two 24-pounder siege guns on field carriages are mounted on very substantial platforms; a cistern of concrete, 50 yards in the rear, has been transformed into a well-protected magazine. This battery is designated on the sketch as B No. 3. In the battery (B No. 4.) on the bluff south of the city one long 19-pounder, on a casemate carriage of very clumsy construction, is mounted. The magazine is at the south end of the battery, entirely subterraneous, and perfectly protected. I beg leave to suggest that a suitable barbette carriage be constructed for this piece, as it is very unmanageable in its present condition.

In compliance with Special Orders, No. 417, I have constructed a causeway, on floating piles, across the bayou, separating the rincon from the main-land north of the city, it being impossible to obtain lumber of suitable dimensions for the construction of a bridge. The causeway is sufficiently wide and located in such a place as to enable cavalry and artillery to pass into the rincon without having to traverse marshy ground and exposing them only for a very short distance to the fire from vessels in the bay. I had also received a verbal order from Major E. F. Gray, then commanding officer at this post, to transform into a powder-magazine a lime-kiln, claimed by one James McMartin. Upon my commencing the work this person objected to my taking possession of the kiln unless I paid him $150, which he considered the value of his kiln. I reported this difficulty to Captain Wille, who had succeeded Major Gray as commanding officer at this post. Several conversations were had about his matter but no action taken. When Major Shea assumed the command at this post I again submitted this matter. We examined the lime-kiln together, and as the price asked appeared exorbitant, and the size and shape of the kiln insufficient and unsuitable, it has not been taken possession of. I would recommend that a new and substantial powder-magazine of sufficient dimensions be constructed the cost of which will not exceed $350. The lumber and most of the nails required for the construction of the works hereinbefore enumerated had to be obtained in small quantities from different persons, and by appropriating sever unoccupied buildings, statement herewith submitted, and marked C,* shows the amount of purchase made for this purpose and remaining unpaid. The tools-such as spaded, shovels pick-axes, &amp;c., necessary for the work-I had to borrow on my own responsibility from the citizens of this town. Some of the articles have been destroyed and a few stolen in the course of the work, for which a compensation is due them, as per statement herewith submitted, marked D.*

I beg herewith to submit a sketch* of the city or Corpus Christi and vicinity, showing the localities, the position of our troops, and the enemy's vessels at different periods of the engagement and the principal directions of their fire.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to remain, sir, your obedient servant,

FELIX A. BLUCHER.

*Not found.

