
OCTOBER 15-4 p. m.

Please find herewith copy of Col. J. J. Cook's report* on the evacuation of Galveston; also copy of report+ of Captain Fulton, of Debray's regiment, on scout into Galveston in search of a deserter.

Bad news from Corinth, as you will see in the accompanying papers.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

X. B. DEBRAY,

Colonel, Comdg. Sub-Military District of Houston.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

HOUSTON, TEX., October 15, 1862.

Col. X. B. DEBRAY,

Commanding Sub-Military District of Houston, Tex.:

SIR: Your written communication of the 6th instant,+ authorizing me to place obstructions at Clopper's Bar and elsewhere, together with your telegram of the 6th and 7th instant, have been received. Captain W. M. Lubbock, in compliance with your subsequent order, is now making all possible progress with the obstructions at Clopper's Bar and San Jacinto River, but a delay of some twenty days must intervene before the barrier is completed. In the mean time thaw york would require some protection, as the hands employed would be almost exclusively negroes. Allow me, colonel, to suggest that this protection can only be given by the water police, for which purpose a steam vessel should be used. A sailing vessel, being entirely independent on the wind, would be useless in the bay, except as a tender to the steamer. While the work of obstructing Clopper's Bar and San Jacinto River is progressing it is absolutely necessary that a guard-boat should cruise steam vessel. Should the enemy show himself in such numbers as to make retreat necessary, the boat being propelled by steam would be able to save herself, the negroes engaged at work on the bar render assistance to paries living near the river, notify the garrison at Morgan's Point and at Harrisburg of the approach of the enemy, and assist in making a stand at Morgan's [Point] or Harrisburg, as may be deemed between Edwards' and Smith's Points is the narrowest portion of the bay, and that a steamer could cruise from point to point several times in twenty-four hours. By so doing it would be safe for sailing vessels to carry provisions to the mouth of the Trinity River Dickenson's Bayou, and all points above Red Fish Bar. At present there is but one boar adapted to this service, and she is the property of the State of Texas, gotten up by the Military Board to perform the exact service that is now required of a steamer. The boat is every way adapted to discharge the duty. The State, being crippled in resources, cannot sustain this boat in commission. I will now, colonel, as the agent of the State, offer the steamer Bayou City to the Confederate States for the amount she has coast the State which is $45,000. This boat has bene examined by experts, and all parties have decided that she is well adapted as a guard-boat, and will be of infinite benefit in Galveston Bay. Should you, colonel, not feel disposed to purchase the boat, the State will give the control or her to the commandant of this port, the C. S. Army to provision and man the vessel, and in all respects treat her as a war vessel. In this way the boat will be effectual. In this way the boat

---------------

*See p. 151.

---------------

