
to be paid by the Confederate to States Government upon your certificate. You will cause the persons so engaged to understand that the service in which you are now engaged is paramount to any other in these waters, and their own safety depends on their exertions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

X. B. DEBRAY,

Colonel, Commanding Sub-Military District, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS SUB-MILITARY DISTRICT OF HOUSTON,Houston, Tex., October 17, 1862.

Captain SAMUEL BOYER DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &c.:

SIR: Colonel Cook writes to-day, 8.15 a. m., "All is well; no change; hard at work." I sent from Harrisburg to Virginia Point 50 tons of railroad iron to make magazines and bomb-proof shelter for gunners. The iron is lying near the depot at Harrisburg. I do not know yet where it is, but I leave the matter to be settled at some future time. I can neglect no means to make a good fight at Fort Hebert. I have ordered Captain D. C. Richardson to remove to Alleyton his commissary stores, keeping at Harrisburg one month's supplies. Should the general commanding deem proper to maintain martial law within our lines I would request the appointment of Major J. C. Massie as chief provost-marshal in the sub-district and Captain McCoy provost-marshal at Fort Hebert. I would wish to have Major Massie clothed with authority to visit our steams and take the control of the vessels and skiffs and to have the supervision over travelers.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, you obedient servant,

X. B. DEBRAY,

Colonel, Commanding Sub-Military District of Houston.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Little Rock, Ark., October 18, 1862.

Brigadier General P. O. HEBERT,

Commanding District of Texas, San Antonio, Tex.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Holmes, commanding the Trans-Mississippi Department, to say he has ordered Major G. M. Bryan, assistant adjutant-general, Confederate States Army, to Marshall, Tex., for the purpose of organizing the four regiments of Brigadier-General Sibley's brigade, in order that they may be sent ot Richmond with as little delay as possible. The general desires that you will give all necessary orders to facilitate Major Bryan in the discharge of the duties thus assigned him and the speedy forwarding of these troops, which will be sent to Richmond, notwithstanding any order you may have received to send them to Lousiana. If four regiments cannot be organized immediately in General Sibley's brigade you will designate four others to go unarmed, as that number must be sent from your district, and at once. A copy of the instructions to Major Bryan is herewith inclosed.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

