
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Little Rock, Ark., October 18, 1862.

Major G. M. BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock, Ark.:

MAJOR: I am instructed by Major-General Holmes to say you will proceed forthwith to Marshall, Tex., and superintend the organization of the four regiments of Brigadier-General Sibley's brigade. To this end you will draw on the conscripts for the purpose of filling up the ranks of those regiments, and as soon as they are organized they will be sent, under the command of their respective colonels, to Richmond, Va., to report to the Adjutant and Inspector General of the C. S. Army. Each regiment as it is organized will be sent off without waiting for the others. These troops will be sent unarmed. Having performed the duties above assigned, you will return without delay to these headquarters.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-If the regiment are mounted they will leave their horses and arms, to be remounted and armed on their arrival in Virginia. Full discretion is given you. Send four regiments as soon as possible.

TH. H. HOLMES,

Major-General.

MOBILE, October 18, 1862.

General S. COOPER:

Indications growing of intended land expedition by the enemy now assembling at Pensacola. Scouts have been reporting for several days. Pensacola Bay full of vessels; 4,000 troops stated to have landed; 5,000 more expected immediately. If this expedition is intended for the eastern interior of Alabama I cannot strip Mobile to cross and meet it. Federal steamers are sounding at Pascagoula. Perhaps troops will be transported from Pensacola there to move by land against Mobile. In their case re-enforcement is essential. Let me know on what I have to rely. Rather than abandon the left bank of the Alabama to raid and occupation I have directed my force of observation toward Florida to fall back if overmatched in such manner as to cover approached to Montgomery. Relying upon re-enforcements from north, less than 5,000 men should be at Montgomery to meet events, and I ought to be able to rely on re-enforcements from west of the river if my communications are cut off left bank.

JNO. H. FORNEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MOBILE, October 18, 1862.

(Received October 18.)

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON:

The following dispatch from Pollard to-day:

Butler is reported by scouts in Pensacola with about 4,000 men, waiting from 5,000 more expected in a few days. Will much for Mobile and the Great Northern Railroad as soon as the men arrive. Has spies out all through this country surveying best

53 R R-VOL XV

