
have the honor to inclose herewith a report of Lieutenant-Colonel Manly, referring to the occurrence, which is now undergoing official inquiry. I shall report on the subject by next mail.

I received a communication from three gentlemen still living at Galveston, styling themselves a "Committee of Relief for the Poor." They apply for subsistence from the interior in behalf of the families of our soldiers. I declined complying with their request, but stated to them that the families of our soldiers would be welcome within our lines and their wants attended to by the people of Texas if they came with us. No report from Lieutenant-Colonel Spaight at Beaumont.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

X. B. DEBRAY,

Colonel, Commanding Sub-Military District of Houston, Tex.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Hebert, Tex., Oct. 18, 1862.

Col. JOSEPH J. COOK, Commanding:

COLONEL: In compliance with orders I proceeded to Galveston Island on the night of the 17th instant with one company of cavalry, under command of Captain Fulton (Debray's regiment), and two companies of Elmore's regiment, with Company C, Cook's regiment of artillery. We left Fort Hebert at 11 o'clock. When about 1 1/2 miles from Galveston City we met a detachment of men under Captain Clepper, numbering 40 men, returning from the city. Captain Clepper informed me that he had been ordered to Galveston from Eagle Grove Battery with his detachment for the purpose of arresting certain parties who had contracted to deliver marketing to the Federal fleet, &amp;c., that in marching though Market street, near Tremont, he discovered a collection of persons on the sidewalk. He approached them, and after a few words of conversation Captain Clepper inquired if all present were citizens. The answer was, "All except one." Immediately one of the party, dressed apparently in Federal undress uniform, and who had been dodging to conceal himself, started on a run from the party toward the wharf. He was ordered to halt; refusing, he was fired upon by Captain Clepper (which shot was not intended to take effect). Captain Clepper pursued the fugitive the length of one block shortening the distance, when he dire a second shot, at which the fugitive staggered and screamed, "Murder! murder!" He was pursued no farther. About this time the detachment under the command of Lieutenant Brasher came up, when several shots were fired about the crowd of citizens before spoken of by parties unknown, but certainly not by Captain Clepper's men. Captain Clepper, returning, found a man mortally shot, being about half-way across the street from the party. The alarm bells were immediately sounded in the city and signal lights raised on the fleet, and Captain Clepper and party retired from the city.

The objects for which the expedition started having benne thus unfortunately thwarted, it was deemed best to return to camp without proceeding farther, which was accordingly done, and we reached the for about 5 o'clock this morning.

The undersigned regrets that the interference of unauthorized parties should have destroyed the results of an expedition which with prudent management promised results beneficial to the service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JNO. H. MANLY,

Lieutenant Col. Cook's Regiment Artillery, Commanding Expedition.

