HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUSIANA,Alexandria, La., October 19, 1862.

Brigadier General P. O. HEBERT,

Commanding District of Texas:

GENERAL: When I addressed you upon the subject of sending troops from your command to this I had not been advised of the contemplated movement to this district of the brigade of General Sibley. As that brigade is probably en route to this State, I shall probably not need immediately the two regiments and the battalion from your command, unless you may be of opinion that they are not needed by you and will be of more use here. Indeed I do not think that I can for some time arm more than one regiment of infantry, unless I receive ordnance stores at an earlier date that tiber now seems reason to expect. Your very kind expression of a willingness and desire to extend to me all the assistance which can be had from your district is most highly appreciated. On assuming this command I found almost a total want of everything necessary for troops in the field, with the fewest imaginable facilities for creating that which was needed in the several departments. Particularly does that want continue in the quartermaster's department, the greatest scarcity existing of iron, harness, leather, teams, &amp;c., so indispensable to the proper organization and conduct of that department. I have therefore to request that you will send to me such of the articles above enumerated as you can spare. The want of iron is very great, and I am subjected to much inconvenience from my inability to supply it.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SUB-MILITARY DISTRICT OF HOUSTON,Houston, Tex., October 20, 1862.

Captain SAMUEL BOYER DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &c., San Antonio, Tex.:

CAPTAIN: Your communication of the 17th instant has just come to hand, 1.30 a. m. I had already done all I could, with my limited means of action, to obstruct the streams in my sub-district. I will to-day address the chief justices of the coast counties to request them to urge upon the citizens the necessity of exerting themselves for their own protection. I will also request the Governor of the State to issue a proclamation to the same effect. An appeal made to the people by their Chief Magistrate will have more wight than requisitions by the military authority. I will urge Major Kellersbert to return as soon as possible from the Nechez and Sabine and send him to the Brazos, in obedience to the instructions of the general commanding. I am informed that the people are engaged in obstructing the Brazos, but I have no cannon to place in battery there. I am not acquainted with the means of defense adopted by Lieutenant-Colonel Bates. Some modifications in the establishment of his batteries might perhaps be beneficial. I doubt whether obstructions on the lesser streams, such as Dickenson's Bayou, Clear Creek, Hall's Bayou, Highland Bayou, Cedar Bayou, &c., could be of great advantage. The banks of most of them are thinly inhabited, and almost every point of the bay coast affords easy access to a force landing with launches. I shall on this subject guide myself with the advice of Col. E. B. Nicholas and other residents

