
of the troops were withdrawn, with a section of Semmes' battery and the remnant of the Seventh Kentucky Regiment, Colonel Crossland commanding, as support. Learning that Cobb's battery had left its position and been ordered to the rear, the section, with its support, under my command was removed to occupy the better position left by Captain Cobb, at which point it remained a half hour, and would have remained the whole evening but for erroneous information of the enemy's advance in force being given by a surgeon who was moving rapidly to the rear. Leaving pickets at this point, just in the of town, I withdrew the artillery and its support slowly back to the point at which you found me.

A flag of truce was hoisted early in the evening by the enemy, and on being met by an officer whom I sent to the front, the privilege of bearing off the dead and wounded was requested and granted for four hours by yourself, upon condition that the agreement be reduced to writing. No communication being received in writing for some time twenty minutes longer were given, shortly after the expiration of which time a note was received, signed by the commanding officer at Baton Rouge, disclaiming the flag of truce.

I cannot conclude my report without speaking of the cool courage and efficient skill with which Brigadier General Charles Clark led his command into the action, and the valuable assistance rendered him by his aides, Lieutenants Spooner and Yerger; of the efficiency of Major H. E. Topp, of the Thirty-first Mississippi, in leading his regiment; of Major Brown, chief commissary of the division, whose fearless exposure of himself where the contest was hottest in urging on the troops to a charge; of Captain J. H. Millett, commanding Fourth Kentucky Regiment, who displayed conspicuous gallantry in leading his regiment; of colonel Crossland, commanding Seventh Kentucky Regiment, whose regiment, after being in the front and assisting in bearing the brunt of the battle remained upon the field while the shells from the enemy's gunboats were falling thickly around them, and of the valuable service rendered me by Major J. C. Wickliffe, of the Fifth Kentucky, toward the close of the engagement, where his constant presence at the head of his regiment inspired confidence and courage, not only among his own men, but all who were near him in the closing contest, which decided the engagement so favorably and so gloriously for the Confederate arms.

For list of casualties I would refer you to papers A* and B,* concerning late battle.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. BUCKNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 27. Report of Col. Jeptha Edwards, Thirty-first Alabama Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-FIRST ALABAMA REGIMENT,Camp near Comite River, La., August 8, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Thirty-first Alabama Regiment in the action at Baton Rouge, La., on the 5th instant:

---------------

*Embodied in No. 25, p. 82.

---------------

