
PORT HUDSON, October 22, 1862.

Major J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Aggregate present for duty.-Infantry: Thirtieth Lousiana Regiment, 314; Fourth Lousiana Regiment, 397; Miles' Legion, 721; English's company, 41; Lewis' company, 33. Artillery: First Alabama Regiment Heavy Artillery, 312; Twelfth Lousiana Battalion Heavy Artillery, 157; Boone's company light artillery, 82; Fenner's company light artillery, 58; Bradford's company light artillery, 76. Cavalry: Hughes' battalion C. S. cavalry, 133; Jones' company cavalry, 50; Daigre's company cavalry, 11; 27 of this company on picket duty.

At Baton Rouge; Ninth Lousiana Battalion Infantry, 136; one section (two guns) Fenner's battery, 46.

At Covington: Norman's company Mounted Rangers, 25; Terrell's company Mounted Rangers, 48; Slocum's company Mounted Rangers, 91.

At Ponchatoula: Tenth Arkansas Volunteer Infantry, 249; Fourth Mississippi Infantry, 279; McRae's company infantry, 46; Garland's battalion Partisan Rangers, 98; Stockdale's company Partisan Rangers, 38; Bredow company Partisan Rangers, 43; Hoskins' company light artillery, 81.

At Camp Moore: Men detached as provost guard, 34.

Many of the troops are badly armed. The First Lousiana Regiment has small-arms, but no equipments.

WM. N. R. BEALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JACKSON, MISS., October 22, 1862.

Brigadier-General BEALL, Port Hudson:

Carry out these orders at once: Intrench by detached redoubts and redans the approach to Port Hudson by Springfield at or near intersection of Springfield road and Port Hudson road; also at or near intersection of Port Hudson road and Plain Store road; also between Plain Store road and Sandy Creek; also the works on broken ground between or Jackson.

I will endeavor to have re-enforcements ready, if they are actually needed, when the time arrives.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., October 23, 1862.

Brigadier General W. N. R. BEALL, Port Hudson, La.:

GENERAL: Your telegram, in which you recommend the proclamation of martial law in Lousiana, and complain that some of the planters in that State refuse to furnish slaves to throw up field works to enable the land force to protect the batteries and save valuable guns, has been received. The subject is of sufficient importance to authorize a special communication to you.

It is the desire of the President to avoid the exercise to any questionable authority. The duty of providing for the defense of the sev-

