
eral Confederate States from destructive invasion and to repel an enemy whose declared object is to subvert our social and political institutions implies that whatever resources of men or property belonging to its citizens are needed for the object shall be employed. Congress has dedicated a portion of those resources, but has not attempted to provide for all the varied contingencies of the war as affecting particular and limited localities; but in recognizing the existence of a war in which every interest and all the rights of our people are involved, and resoling to maintain our independence at all hazards, the constitutional obligations and duties of the President in such unprovided cases cannot be misunderstood.

If a master of a vessel at sea may cast into its waters the cargo committed to his care to assure the lives of his crew, or the people of a city may destroy one part of it to stop the spread of a conflagration that menaces all, so may the Executive, in case of a recognized danger to the public safety, appropriate private property or restrict the exercise of private, and under ordinary circumstances acknowledged, right in fulfilling the supreme duty of providing for the common defense.

The danger must be apparent and the necessity constraining to justify any departure from the ordinary rules of administration, and when the departure from them takes place the obligation of the officer to evince this necessity arises. You will therefore use all the resources committed to your control by this Department to provide for the defense of the post under your charge, and you will, whenever other resources become indispensable, make a peremptory call upon the people in the neighboring counties bordering upon the river to contribute such a number of their slaves as may be needful for the purpose. You will exercise this power with moderation and good temper, taking care as far as possible to allay discontent and avoid the infliction of inconvenience.

You will preserve an accurate account of the slaves that my be contributed or taken for public service and report the value of their service during the period of their detention; and in the treatment of the slaves you will provide for the exercise of the care and consideration of a humane master.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Acting Secretary of War.

JACKSON, MISS., October 23, 1862.

Brigadier-General BEALL,

Commanding Port Hudson:

Re-enforcements are being send forward.

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, MISS., October 23, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN H. FORNEY, Commanding Mobile:

Landing at Milton does not indicate a movement upon Mobile; therefore cannot send the troops asked for. The troops intended for Meridian the general has found it necessary to send to Port Hudson to re-enforce that point.

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

