
growth of wood. Captain Girard informed me that its dimensions are 16 by 20 feet, covered with 4 feet of timber and 9 feet of earth. It is cut into the ground, but, like those at the batteries, had no ventilation. It is in a safe place and is dry and clean.

AMMUNITION.

By the accompanying copy of a memorandum give me by Captain Girard, ordnance officer, you will see that a wide discrepancy exists between the number of projectiles and cartridges for each gun. At a point so important as Port Hudson I would strongly recommend an increase of ammunition. This memorandum is marked A.

LIGHT BATTERIES.

Of these are four:

First. Captain Boone's battery, upon the crest of the ridge, opposite to and distant from Troth's Landing about 400 yards, to oppose the Federal forces should they attempt to land there. The position is a strong one, commanding the low grounds in front. In connection with this battery are rifle pits. It does not appear that Captain Boone's battery had strict attention. The horses and harness are good.

Second. Captain Robert's battery. In fair condition, but not thoroughly equipped. The horses and harness are in fair condition.

Third. Captain Bradford's battery. It is in good order. The horses and harness fair.

Fourth. Captain Fenner's battery. It is neatly kept and the most efficient battery of the post. One section of it is upon detached service at Baton Rouge. Horses fair; harness needs repair.

The commanding officers were directed to send to the ordnance office exact returns of their batteries, so that deficiencies may, as far as practicable, be supplied. They all need horses, and the harness suffers much from want of oil.

Bridges over which batteries may have to pass are somewhat in need of repair. I would strongly recommend to the lieutenant-general commanding that a steamer be placed at the disposal of Brigadier-General Beall for transporting ordnance and other stores from this section to Port Hudson. Such can easily be carried from here to Vicksburg by rail and thence down the river. Transportation by way of Clinton is tedious and uncertain, and as the season advances the roads become bad.

Accompanying this report I inclose a note from Captain Buckner, of General Beall's staff, concerning supplies. It is marked B.* I could learn nothing definite of the location or caliber of a spiked gun said to be at Port Hudson.

Should there be time and facilities for enlarging the magazines I recommend that it be done.

STRENGTH OF LIGHT BATTERIES.

Captain Roberts': 6-pounder bronze, 3; 6-pounder iron howitzer, 1; 6-pounder rifles, 2.

Captain Boone's: 6-pounder bronze, 3; 12-pounder bronze howitzers, 2; 6-pounder bronze rifle, 1.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

