
residents of the peninsula removed their stock, grain, and other produce some two weeks since. He notified them in good time but they failed to comply, and from all I learn from reliable sources the occupants are generally disloyal. I do not know what the enemy intends doing in this vicinity.

Inclosed you will find the substance of an interview between the mayor of Lavaca and the commanding officer of the Federal vessels in the bay. I received the copy from Indianola yesterday. I shall endeavor to keep up a line of communication with Port Lavaca and will forward all intelligence of importance. The yellow fever is still epidemic on Matagorda, although there are but few cases now; so from want of material. There are more effective men in my command at this moment than there have been within the past four months. Very little sickness and none of a serious nature.

With very great respect.

R. R. BROWN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Battalion.

Per R. M. WALSH,

Acting Adjutant.

[Inclosure.]

INDIANOLA, TEX., October 26, 1862.

Major D. D. SHEA:

SIR: At 11.30 a. m. Woodward, Captain Sheppard, and myself went on board the enemy's vessel, the Westfield, lying at the lower wharf, and in conversation with Captain Renshaw and Captain Paul, of the Clifton, Captain Renshaw stated in substance that he had come into the bay to take possession of all the towns on the baby; that Indianola was already in his possession, and that he should take th other towns as soon, as the wind and weather favored; that he had three rifled guns and six 9-inch guns, with which he could command the bay; that he did not come to interfere with the citizens of Indianola; that he had no force to land at present, but that he should take and hold the town by water; that the citizens could come to Indianola by land or water and go out when they pleased; that small boats bringing wood and provisions to Indianola would not be interfered with, and he hoped the citizens would untie with he might fire on the town. He hopped if he could buy and pay for it he would do so; if not, he would take it by some means and at some place.

The above is the substance at the interview of the conversation of any importance.

In haste, yours, &amp;c.,

H. B. CLEVELAND.

RICHMOND, VA., October 29, 1862.

Governor SHORTER, Montgomery, Ala.:

MY DEAR SIR: Your letter of October 22 has been received,* and I

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

