
have given it my earnest consideration. I entirely concur with you as to the immense importance of Mobile and the adjacent county and the unfortunate results that would follow its fall. I have felt long and deeply the hazard of its condition and an anxious desire to secure it, but have vainly looked for an adequate force which could be spared from other localities. The enemy greatly outnumber us and have many advantages in moving their forces, so that we must often be compelled to hold position and fight battles with the chances against us. Our only alternatives are to abandon important points or to use our limited resources as effectively as the circumstances will permit.

The self-devoted patriotism of the city of Mobile and the State of Alabama assures us that the efforts of the Confederate States will be seconded to the utmost in its resistance to the invaders.

I have directed Brigadier-General Slughter to be ordered to Mobile, and the Secretary of War is endeavoring to get some troops to send there. If enough conscripts to fill up the Alabama regiments now there can be promptly send to General Forney they will materially increase his strength and the chances of a successful resistance. Your friendly co-operation, which has always been cheerfully rendered, is expected to render valuable aid in accomplishing this object.

Directions were given by me that you should be called on to aid enrollment by ordering State officers to perform the duty. Thus I hoped to avail myself of your good disposition to advance the service and to secure the greatest efficiency and least dissatisfaction. Such is still the policy I prefer, and which your closing remarks lead me to suppose would be most acceptable to you.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

ORDNANCE OFFICE,

Jackson, October 31, 1862.

Major J. B. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the accompanying report of the batteries at Vicksburg.

I am, major, very respectfully,

GEORGE UPSHUR MAYO,

Major Artillery and Chief of Ordnance.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE OF CHIEF OF ORDNANCE, DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,

Jackson, Miss., October 31, 1862.

REPORT OF HEAVY BATTERIES, VICKSBURG, MISS.

(Beginning at Snyder's Bluff, upon the Yazoo River, 13 miles above the city.)

The first battery is at Snyder's Bluff, sometimes called Haines' Miss, upon the east side of the river, and intended for three guns, none of which are mounted. A landing about 1 mile below it it protected by a light battery, commanded by Col. W. T. Withers. This batteery does not bear the least evidence of care.

