
Second. Captain Parks' battery, usually known as the siege battery, mounts two rifle 32s, one south 32, and one 42-pounder. It is kept in good order, but Captain Parks complains that the guns can only be served with much labor, from the structure of both carriage and chassis. The former has only two truck wheels, the near end resting upon the chassis, thus increasing friction. If facilities can be offered, I recommend that rear trucks be placed upon all carriages so constructed, as the complaint made by Captain Parks is general. The traverse wheels to the chassis are small, which, taken in connection with the indifferent iron from which the traverse circles are made, is the cause of the difficulty experienced in traverse circles are made, is the cause of the difficulty experienced in traversing the piece. These should be replaced by other wheels of larger diameter, to lessen the friction. This battery was originally embrasures. These are still open, though the necessity for the same no longer exists, and to this extent weakens the parapet and exposed the gorge of the battery. They should be closed.

Louisiana Battery is one 32-pounder banded rifle. This battery is not yet finished. Trees to the right are to be removed and earth to be thrown upon the magazine.

Captain Dismukes' battery, one 18-pounder rifle upon naval carriage and one 8-inch columbiad, is kept generally in good order. The carriage needs tightening. This occurs in one or two instances, and when told to the officers commanding that this was necessary, they replied that repeated applications for wrenches have been unavailing.

Lieutenant Miller's battery, one 8-inch columbiad, has its elevating screw out of repair.

Captain Norman's battery, of one 9-inch Dahlgren gun, is in good order. It is worked with a quoin, which should be replaced with a screw.

These are all above (north) of the city.

Captain Durrive's battery, two 42-pounders, which I am informed by Lieutenant Harrod, who accompanied me at the inspection, are useless from the difficultly of serving them.

Captain Todd's battery, with bomb-proofs, mounts four guns upon navy carriages, two 32-pounder rifles and two 42-pounder smooth-bores. Kept neatly and with care.

This is the last battery inspected from want of time.

Those below, as given me by Lieutenant [B.] Morgan Harrod, Brigadier-General Smith's staff, are--

Butler's battery, two 32s, rifled.

Ogden's battery, two 10-inch columbiads and one 32-pounder rifled.

Upper and Loweer Gibb's battery, two 8-inch Dahlgrens and one 32 rifle.

Blakely battery, one 7-inch Blakely gun.

The next two are not mounted.

Smeed's battery, one 32-pounder.

MAGAZINES.

These are universally too small and without ventilation. The ammunition, from the former-named circumstance, is closely placed, and passage-ways much impeded by the storing or budge-barrels, projectiles, and implements of various kinds.

In some of the batteries 42-pounder guns are mounted upon 32-pounder carriages. These are too light, and have been cut in the cheeks to admit

54 R R-VOL XV

