
and consequently will not stand long-continued firing. I respectfully suggest that others be made to replace them immediately. Many of the carriages being made of indifferent material, I respectfully would recommend that there be at least one spare carriage of each caliber, none now being on hand. I would also respectfully suggest that a depot magazine be built as far to the rear as possible within the line of works. The ordnance officer informs me that he has now no proper place for keeping, powder and ordnance stores.

General Smith reports his command greatly in need of tents, clothes, shoes, and blankets; has 400 men without shoes.

For the roads, &amp;c., indicated in this report I refer you to the plan which his herewith respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. LOVELL,

Lieutenant Col. and Acting Assistant Inspector General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, November 5, 1862.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Smith, commanding Second Military District, who will make requisition for all the gun-carriages needed and one extra carriage for each caliber. General Smith will also cause the magazines to be strengthened. His attention is called to the importance of a depot magazine. if the officer in charge of Battery No. 12 is to blame for the injury of powder he will cause the officer to be brought to trial. The powder will be sent to Selma, Ala., to be reworked. Clothing will be furnished as soon as possible. Please return this report.

By order of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT, No. 2, No. 30. Knoxville, November 3, 1862.

* * * * * * *

V. The limits of the District of the Gulf, under the command of Brigadier-General Forney, are extended to the thirty-third parallel.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,

Harrisburg, Tex., November 3, 1862.

Lieutenant R. M. FRANKLIN, A. A. A. G., Houston, Tex.:

SIR: In obedience to Special Orders, No. 254, dated October 27, 1862, I proceeded to the Brazos River, and have the honor to report the following:

The bar at the mouth of that river will admit vessels drawing 7 1/2 feet of water at flood tide and calm weather, and once over the bar there is from 20 to 30 feet of water as high up as Columbia. The river is destitute of timber for some 4 miles from the bar. The defenses con-

