
tion, because it is well known by him that all the inhabitants are non-bombatans and the immense majority of them Northern men and aliens.

There is one serious inconvenience attending the operation above suggested. It is the extreme difficulty and heavy expense of supplying the troops at Virginia Point with water and fuel; also the country around is so low that in the rainy season it becomes a swamp, in which troops must suffer much when deprived of quarters. Should, however, a permanent occupation be resolved upon, the barracks now erected along the beach could be removed beyond the range of the enemy's guns to shelter the troops of support. The evacuation of Virginia Point being left to my discretion, I shall defer it until I am acquantinted with the pleasure of the general commanding upon the plan just submitted to him. In case of the approach of a landing force threatening my rear I shall endeavor to save all the artillery and ammunition I can. I would further respectfully state that Reily's and Green's regiments are at Hempstead and Millican, and could, if ordered, march promptly to Houston. Although cavalry, they have served as infantry in New Mexico, and could still be used as such. Nothing new within this sub-district.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

X. B. DEBRAY,

Colonel, Commanding Sub-Military District of Houston.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., November 7, 1862.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: I have the honor to invite your attention to the inclosed copies of papers filed in this office,* and request you to communicate with Colonel Baylor, and inform him, in consequence of his order with regard to the Indians, that the authority to raise troops granted him by the Department is revoked. The authority was to raise troops in Arizona Territory, and if deemed necessary it may be conferred on some other person. You will proceed as soon as practicable to take such steps as may be necessary to recover the Territory of Arizona. You will also inform Colonel Baylor that the President desires a report from him in reference to the inclosed order.

Your obedient servant,

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

ORDERS, HDQRS. LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 898. Alexandria, November 7, 1862.

I. Col. F. H. Farrar, of the Pointe Coupee Regiment; Col. J. M. Porter, of the Saint Landry Regiment, and Lieutenant Col. W. F. Cheney, of the Avoyelles Regiment, will order, on receipt of this order, into active service 50 picked men from each of their regiments, to be armed with rifled. Each detachment to be placed under competent militia officers, to be selected by the colonels; these detachments to be placed at

---------------

*Not found. But see Baylor to Magruder, December 29, 1862, and McWillie to Secretary of War, January 10, 1863.

---------------

