
the State of Mississippi, was unable to get out before the enemy's gunboats got into the bay. I shall endeavor, however, at the earliest moment possible to have this salt transported by land to a point on the Atchafalaya where it may be reshipped and forwarded to its destination.

If by any means you can spare me the two Whitworth guns now at Vicksburg, with a sufficient supply of ammunition, I think I can drive the enemy from Berwick Bay and recover the entire control of the Atchafalaya.

I am informed that there are some siege guns at Vicksburg. Can you spare a few of them?

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, November 10, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

I have come direct from New Orleans to this city to lay before the Government here the following facts for its information and benefit:

A short time since I made application to the State Bank of Louisiana for a loan of $100,000, for which I proposed to give a mortgage on plantation and slaves in the Confederacy. The bank was willing to give me the sum, but inasmuch as General Butler's orders prohibited the dealing with or payment of money to rebels his special assent to the transaction was necessary. For the purpose of getting it,and also to learn if he would permit me to pass his lines with the money, the president of the bank, J. M. Lapeyre, esq., called upon him and made known my intention of going into the country to purchase cotton. He gave his assent to the transaction, and in the course of conversation told Mr. Lapeyre that if I wished to slip the cotton to New Orleans he would guarantee its protection to do with its as I pleased, and, further, if I wished to take supplies from the city to the planters in lieu of taking the money he would give the permission.

On learning this, and on reflecting on it, I determined to see how far he was authorized by his Government to give such guarantee, and also to learn what articles he would prohibit from leaving the city and to what extent his Government would allow the barter.

In order to gain this information I prevailed on Mr. Lapeyre to call on him again and get his reply to the following:

First. What articles will you not allow to leave the city?

Second. To what extent will you allow the exchange?

Third. Will the cotton or other produce be allowed to be shipped to foreign ports if desired?

Fourth. Have you the authority of your Government and will you in the name of your Government give a written pledge, provided the consent of the Confederate States Government is obtained?

To which he answered as follows:

To first. He said cotton or other produce can come to New Orleans without restriction; the port is open, and everything except munitions of war go out.

To second. The extent of shipments to the interior will not be limited further than at least and equal value of the same be returned either in cotton or other produce, viz, sugar, tobacco, or naval stores.

To third. The cotton or other produce can and may be shipped to any port in the world.

