
plan of transportation would be with boats belonging in the Confederacy and manned by crews of our own people. All my employed should be personally known to me, and no one should know of my understanding with the Confederate States Government.

I have an arrangement with the State Bank of Louisiana which will enable me to carry out my proposition without any advance of money on the part of the Government. Such articles as I should bring out and indirectly deliver to the Government would only be required to be paid for when they were delivered.

Cotton that I might ship for the Government would have to be paid for first and would have to be advanced by the Government.

When I left New Orleans I was not aware Congress had adjourned. I expected to have met the whole of our Louisiana delegation here, through whom I believe I could have most fully satisfied the Government regarding myself. If the proposition is entertained there will be no difficulty in this respect. I falter myself I can give as high testimonials of integrity as any citizen of New Orleans, of which place I have been a citizen for thirty-one years.

Respectfully submitted.

JNO. A. STEVENSON.

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 13, 1862.

Respectfully submitted to the President for his consideration. Mr. Stevenson comes well recommended.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

NOVEMBER 15, 1862.

The only objection to the within proposition is that it would authorize the shipment of cotton to a port in possession of the enemy. This is qualified by the offer of a guarantee that it should not stop there.

If the arrangement could be made so as to avoid the above objection it would be well to accept the proposition.

The condition is relation to placing funds abroad is very important, and gives this a claim to preference over any other offer which has been before me.

J. D.

[Inclosure.]

LOUISIANA STATE BANK,

New Orleans, October 28, 1862.

JOHN A. STEVENSON:

DEAR SIR: The project you have communicated to me has had due consideration.

You propose to attempt to obtain the consent of the Confederate States Government, as also that of the Federal Government, to be allowed to supply provisions and other articles of prime necessity to the planters in the interior and to be permitted in return to purchase cotton from them and to ship the same through this port to Europe.

It affords me pleasure to say to you that this bank will make you the advances required to enable you to carry out your object when you shall have obtained said permission on the terms proposed.

This bank will also purchase your bills of exchange drawn against

