HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,Alexandria, La., November 13, 1862.

Brigadier General P. O. HEBERT,

Commanding District of Texas:

GENERAL: In the absence of Major-General Taylor to the lower portion of the State I respectfully beg leave to call your attention to a subject upon which it was his attention to have addressed you, but in which he was prevented by the many and urgent calls upon his time. In reply to an application to the War Department for a few guns of heavy caliber for the defense of the Red and Washita Rivers I received a few days since a telegraphic dispatch stating that there was not a gun to be had at the present time. General Taylor has been informed that there are in your district (at houston or elsewhere) several large guns (8 or 10 inch) which are out of use. If this is so and you can spare them, I beg to request, in the name of General Taylor, that the necessary orders be issued that they may be transported to this district. I have spoken to Major Moise on this subject, and he expresses his ability and willingness to undertaken he transferring of the guns, provided he can obtain he requisite authority. The defense of the rich country bordering on this river is a matter of the first importance, and fortifications are already in process of erection, but I fear the efforts of General Taylor will be of no avail unless he can get the guns above alluded to, which appears now to be our only chance.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. SURGET,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., November 14, 1862.

Major SIMEON HART,

Assistant Quartermaster:

MAJOR: The Department desires to have an agent in Texas to purchase army supplied from Mexico, and having confidence in your energy and intelligence, has determined to detail you for that duty. You will be furnished with money, which you can deposit with the public depositary on San Antonio, and draw as your necessities may require. You will probably find it advantageous to make your payments in cotton. Should this be the case, you will purchase and transport the cotton to the most favorable points on the Mexican frontier. You will call on the general commanding the District of Texas for such assistance as you may require, and the necessary transportation may be impressed if it cannot be otherwise acquired.

The Chief of Ordnance and the Quartermaster will furnish lists of the articles required in their respective departments, and will indicate the points at which they wish them deposited.

Should you find it practicable to purchase horses fit for cavalry and artillery service, and to get them across the Mississippi River, you will purchase such number, not exceeding 1,000, as our can obtain. The prices should not exceed those paid east of the Mississippi River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

