
the confidence the commanding general has in his "ragged Kentuckians."

The Fourth Kentucky lost in killed, 5; wounded, 14; missing, 1; total, 20.

Respectfully,

J. H. MILLETT,

Captain, Comdg. Fourth Kentucky Volunteer Regiment.

Captain JOHN A. BUCKNER.

No. 30. Report of Major J. C. Wickliffe, Fifth Kentucky Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH KENTUCKY REGIMENT,Camp near Comite River, La., August 7, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor of submitting to you the following report of the part taken by the Fifth Kentucky Regiment in the action of the 5th instant, at Baton Rouge. The Fifth Kentucky, with the remainder of the brigade, was placed in line of battle early on the morning of August 5. The line was advanced toward Baton Rouge steadily. In obedience to an order of my brigade commander my regiment was held as a support to the battery attached to this brigade, where it remained until I received an order in person from Major-General Breckinridge to post one company as pickets to the right and at some distance from the arsenal. In obedience to this order I placed Captain Gillum, with his company, consisting of 1 lieutenant, 4 sergeant, 1 corporal, and 24 men, upon the ground designated by the general, and in obedience to another order from him left Captain Gillum there, when my command was ordered to join the brigade and engage the enemy in their camps. Captain Gillum remained at his post until ordered away, when the brigade retired to the point where the line of battle was first formed. Thus this company was prevented from engaging in the battle, and this will account why none were killed or wounded in Company A of this regiment. When ordered by Major-General Breckinridge to join the brigade to which my regiment is attached I was placed on the left of the Fourth Kentucky Regiment, which was the first regiment in the brigade. Immediately after this an order from you was given to advance. My command did so, and until the fire was drawn from the enemy, who were secreted in and about the tents of the third and least encampment. The fire was immediately returned by the men under my command. It continued warm and heavy for about twenty or twenty-five minutes, our line as far as I could see advancing very little but steadily, and the enemy as slowly retreating. At this time an order was given by Brigadier-General Clark, commanding the division, to fall back to a small ravine a short distance in the rear and reform, which was executed in good order. In a few moments we were again ordered to advance and did so, never halting until the enemy had been driven from the last of their encampments. After the brigade line had been formed, in obedience to an order from you we retired slowly and in good order.

My command numbered 222, rank and file. From this deduct Company A, numbering 31 officers and men and 7 detailed to carry off the wounded, thus reducing the number of men actually engaged in the fight under my command to 184 men. The following is a list of the

