
ORDERS, HDQRS. LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 903. Alexandria, November 21, 1862.

I. The Governor and commander-in-chief has received the following communication from Major-General Taylor, commanding District of Western Louisiana:
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,Alexandria, November 21, 1862.

Hon. THOMAS O. MOORE, Governor:

SIR: It is notorious that a large number of persons liable to military service in the armies of the Confederate States, deserters, enrolled conscripts who have failed to report, and others, between the ages of eighteen and thirty-five, are to be found throughout the State. I would suggest and urge that you cause the arrest of all such persons who are unable to furnish evidence that they are legally exempt from service or that they have permission from competent authority to be absent from the camp or command to which the may respectively belong.

The necessities of the service and justice to those who are faithfully serving their country in the field alike demand that this course should be promptly and vigorously pursued.

Officers of the militia or sheriffs of the parishes making arrest should confine the parties in jail and report to the nearest Confederate or State officer in command, and the usual regard for the arrest of deserters will be paid by the Government.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.

In conformity with the foregoing request commanders of regiments and sheriffs of parishes will cause the immediate arrest of all deserters, enrolled conscripts who have not reported, and all others, between the ages of eighteen and thirty-five, who may be found within the limits of their respective regiments or parishes, and who are unable to furnish evidence that they are legally exempt from service or that they have permission from competent authorities to be absent from the camps or command to which they may respectively belong, and will confine the parties arrested in the parish jail.

II. Commanders of regiments or other militia officers or sheriffs making arrests will report the fact forthwith to these headquarters, or to the nearest Confederate officer in command, should there be one in the neighborhood. The usual regard for deserters will be paid by the Confederate States.

By order of Thomas O. Moore, Governor and commander-in-chief:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General Louisiana.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., November 23, 1862.

Major-General FORNEY,

Commanding, Mobile, Ala.:

GENERAL: Several letters have come to this Department complaining of the administration of military power in Alabama and Mississippi as affecting the interests of the people injuriously. A letter, which the President has referred to this Department, contains the following paragraph:

Here (Mobile) things look bad enough. The most immediate enemy in Mobile is starvation, and unless there can be some change in the administration of the military authority here the people must suffer. No one will bring wood for fear his boat will be seized; no one corn or meal. Corn meal is $4.25 per bushel; wood $15 per cord, and not to be had at that. These are some of our troubles. They are hard at work

