
carriages, with ammunition and fixtures complete, were sent by the Ordnance Department to General Taylor on November 27.

J. F. GILMER,

Colonel and Chief of Engineer Bureau.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,Alexandria, La., November 1, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that, to meet the just wishes of the citizens, I have determined to erect on Red and Washita Rivers works for defense. There is no suitable point below the junction of Black and Red Rivers at which to build a defensive work; consequently the two rivers must be defended separately, if at all. As superintendent of the work on Red River I have appointed Col. L. G. De Russy, formerly colonel of the Second Louisiana Volunteers, an engineer officer of reputed ability. Colonel De Russy served for sometime in the engineer corps of General Polk at Fort Pillow and elsewhere, during which time he informs me that he was allowed and received the pay of a major of staff. I therefore respectfully request that he be allowed the same pay during the period that he shall be actively engaged in the works above mentioned. I have appointed Colonel De Russy to this position in default of another engineer officer already in service in the district not otherwise engaged. For the defense of these rivers I shall need eight 10 or 8 inch guns, and respectfully request that this my application for them may meet the favorable consideration of the War Department, and that the guns be sent out to me.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

November 14, 1862.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

JASPER S. WHITING,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 18, 1862.

Referred to the Chief of Engineers, to report upon the matter herein contained and to suggest whatever may be suitable in reference to them.

By order of the Secretary of War:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Acting Secretary of War.

ENGINEER BUREAU, November 22, 1862.

Will the Chief of Ordnance please to inform me if the guns applied for by Major-General Taylor for the defense of Red and Washita Rivers, viz, eight 10 or 8 inch guns, can be supplied? If not, what guns can be furnished?

J. F. GILMER,

Colonel and Chief of Engineer Bureau.

