
little importance when I believe I am doing right in opposition to public opinion; but at this day to withdraw the guns from a position in which they are expected to inflict injury to the enemy, to lay them on the ground at some one of our railroad depots without any actual use for them, would cause our people to believe that there will be no end to our retreating movements, and Houston, Washington, La Grange, &amp;c., will feel as insecure as Galveston now is, and little by little our people will give up all hope and yield to apathy. Would the general write to me, "Evacuate Virginia Point at once, send your guns to such or such a place, and assume upon yourself the whole responsibility," I would not hesitate one moment; but as it now is, and as I have already stated the matter, being left at my discretion upon the contingency of an attack upon my rear, which I do not apprehend at present, I cannot act in accordance with the suggestions I have received.

Very respectfully,

[X. B. DEBRAY,

Colonel, Commanding Sub-Military District of Houston.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Little Rock, Ark., November 26, 1862.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Prov. Army Confed. States, Comdg., &c., Dist. of Texas:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you he has ordered the brigade of General Sibley to the vicinity of Vicksburg, under command of Brigadier General W. R. Scurry. The general requests me also to inform you he has never been able to get a report or return of troops in the Texas District, and wishes you would furnish one so soon as you can.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS, HDQRS. LOUISIANA MILITIA, AJDT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 906. Alexandria, November 27, 1862.

I. Major-General Taylor, commanding District of Western Louisiana, having no longer necessity for the departments called out under Orders, No. 898, from Avoyelles, Pointe Coupee, and Saint Landry, these detachments will be disbanded on receipt of this order and ordered to their respective homes.

* * * * * * *

By order of Thomas O. Moore, Governor and commander-in-chief:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General Louisiana.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, No. 9. San Antonio, Tex., November 27, 1862.

Until further orders Brigadier General H. P. Bee is placed in command of the District of Texas, and will turn over the command to Major General John Bankhead Magruder upon his arrival.

By command of Brigadier General P. O. Hebert:

SAMUEL BOYER DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

