
officer, and engineer officer recently under the immediate orders of Brigadier-General Hebert will forward without delay to these headquarters a general statement of the operations of their departments and of their present condition.

III. The commanding officer of the troops raised for service in Arizona and the commanding officer of what is known as Sibley's brigade will report by letter without delay the numbers and condition of their troops, how armed, and the amount of ammunition on hand, sending field returns if practicable.

IV. The superintendent of conscripts and officers commanding camps of instructions will also furnish without delay to these headquarters detailed reports of their operations and of the state of their commands.

V. The following-named officers will constituted the staff of the major-general commanding the district, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly:

Adjutant and inspector general's department: Major A. G. Dickinson, Captain E. P. Turner, assistant adjutant-generals.

Major B. Bloomfield, quartermaster's department.

Major E. B. Pendleton, commissary department.

Major J. Be. Eustis, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, acting ordnance officer.

First Lieutenant George A. Magruder, artillery, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, First Lieutenant H. M. Stanard, cavalry, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, aides-de-camp.

All communications will be addressed to Major A. G. Dickinson, assistant adjutant-general, through the regular channel.

VI. For the present the headquarters of the district are established at Houston, Tex.

By command of Major General J. B. Magruder:

A. G. DICKINSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DISTRICT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, Tex., November 30, 1862.

Lieutenant Col. S. S. ANDERSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Trans-Miss. Dept., Little Rock, Ark.:

SIR: In view of the speedy departure for Arkansas and the delay in the arrival of Major-General Magruder Brigadier-General Hebert turned over the command of this district to me on yesterday. Having been specially charged by the War Department, under the direction of General Hebert, with the maintenance of peaceful relations with the adjoining States of Mexico, I have from time to time, through that officer, informed the authorities at Richmond of current events in that connection, and now avail myself of my present position to forward such information as seems interesting.

Considerable anxiety has been felt for the last two weeks from rumors reaching me that the Abolition consul at Matamoras was enlisting and organizing the citizens of Mexico, as well as the renegade traitors from Texas, with a view of joining the forces of the enemy when they landed at the mouth of the Rio Grande and depredating on the settlements of Western Texas. From intercepted letters I ascertained that the said consul had promised his allies all the country to the Nueces as a reward

56 R R-VOL XV

