SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 282. Richmond, Va., December 2, 1862.

* * * * * * *

IV. Brigadier General H. H. Sibley, Provisional Army, will proceed to New Iberia, La., and resume command of his brigade, reporting by letter to Lieutenant General T. H. Holmes, commanding Trans-Mississippi Department.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS,HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE GULF, No. 288. Mobile, December 1, 1862.

* * * * * *

IV. Brigadier-General Vaughn with his command will proceed without delay to Meridian, Miss., and report to Lieutenant-General Pemberton, commanding Department of Mississippi and East Louisiana, headquarters at Jackson.

* * * * * *

By command of Major General John H. Forney:

S. CROOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RUTERSVILLE, TEX., December 2, 1862.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Texas:

GENERAL: Since our conversations of last week some thoughts have occurred to me perhaps worth early utterance:

1st. In case of an attempt upon the city, such as we discussed, should our success only extend to the expulsion of the vessels beyond Pelican, it would be time enough then to decide the question of retiring out guns again to the main-land. It is highly probable, however, if the attack were supported by a menace of two or three boats coming down the bay, it is more than probable that the enemy would evacuate the entire bay. This is particularly true if the attack were made in the night, as it should be. My confidence of success is gradually increasing.

2nd. A boat attempting to get out by way of San Louis Pass,if belated, might better pass through the canal into the Brazos River and there await insight of the Gulf, but concealed by a skirt of woods,a safe time to pass over the Brazos Bar. This move may be lost by delay; but the attempt upon Galveston, if made at all, should be timed to suit any move caused by the attack upon Sabine of the vessels at Gavleston in the way of succor to those in Sabine.

3rd. There would be no difficulty in getting out of the Brazos River and running the blockade, which has never been kept up for that river, nor would there be much peril, I think, in passing a boat around to the Brazos; but I should fear very much any attempt to get a boat out at San Louis Pass after her movement in that direction had been detected by the enemy. Her transmit into the Brazos would be explained by many reasons, such as the transportation of corn and supplied along that

