
river for troops stationed near; whereas her entrance into Chocolate must be temporary and suspicious.

Very respectfully submitted.

C. G. FORSHEY,

Chief Engineer.

P. S.-Should emergency require it I may be reached in about fifteen hours from Houston. At all events I expect to return in a week.

PORT HUDSON, December 2, 1862.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Present for duty, 5,500.

WM. N. R. BEALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Houston, Tex., December 3, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Trans-Mississippi Department, Little Rock, Ark.:

SIR: I have the honor to state that Colonel Gould's (Twenty-third) regiment of Texas cavalry, now stationed at or near Clarksville, Red River County, Tex., is at this time very much required for service in this district. I have reliable information in regard to the fleet which sailed from New York under General Banks, and am expecting that expedition in Galveston Bay or the Rio Grande daily. It consists of Corcoran's Legion, of about 6,000 men, and two Maine regiments. I will require as much force as I can possibly muster to meet them, and have earnestly to request that this regiment be left in the State subject to my orders, and for the purpose of saving time be ordered to report without delay at Columbus, Colorado County, Tex. The above is but the first installment of General Banks' command.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BENKHEAD MUGRUDER,

Major-General, Comdg. District of Tex., N. Mex., and Ariz.
HEADQUARTERS CONSCRIPT SERVICE,Austin, Tex., December 4, 1862.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to call the attention of the commanding major-general to the fact that in certain German settlements resistance to conscription is seriously contemplated, and, if in his judgment it seems proper, I would be glad to have placed at my disposal a mounted force sufficient for the enforcement of the laws. The letter, copy herewith inclosed, is only one of several that I have received of the same tenor from enrolling officers.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. FLEWELLEN,

Major and Superintendent of Conscripts.

