
[Inclosure.]

ENROLLING OFFICE,

Industry, Austin County, Tex., November 28, 1862.

Major J. P. FLEELLEN,

Superintendent of Conscripts, Austin, Tex.:

SIR: The above thirty-two names* are all Germans except four. They are remarkably stubborn, and I am satisfied do not intend to submit to enrollment. I shall therefore need a force to bring them in, and as the militia nearly all sympathize with them I cannot safely rely upon them, and would suggest that a military force of at least one good company be placed under my orders, and to be well supplied with provisions or money to obtain them in the country, and to be mounted and well armed.

I deem it my duty in this connection to say that there is evidently a spirit of insubordination existing among the Germans in this region. I have it from the most reliable authority that they contemplate resistance to the conscript law as well as to the contemplated draft. Sundry meetings have been held to concert measures of resistance. Several of the meetings were held in secret, and the last a public meeting, in which they resolved to petition to the Governor, asking that their families be provided for the themselves armed and clothed as a preliminary to their submitting to the laws and entering the service. These meetings were largely attended-by 400 to 500 persons. If I am furnished with force sufficient to vindicate the majesty of the law at once I think they will submit without a struggle; but there is danger in delay. If it suits your convenience I would prefer that Captain R. W. Hargrove or Captain J. B. McCown (both are now stationed at Hempstead, this county) be detailed for this duty.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

A. J. BELL,

Enrolling Officer, Austin County, Texas.

ORDERS, HDQRS. LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 908. Alexandria, December 4, 1862.

I. Brigadier General R. B. Todd, commanding Eleventh Brigade, Louisiana Militia, should be deem it necessary for the defense of the parishes of Madison, Carroll, and Tensas, and to prevent the enemy to effect a landing or to proceed into the interior of the State, and if it be necessary to give aid and assistance to the Confederate authorities to repled any attack by the enemy, shall call out into active service the militia force of his brigade and all persons who are not subject to conscription between the ages of eighteen and forty years, and will place them into such camps as he may deem necessary and advisable.

* * * * * * *

By order of Thomas O. Moore, Governor and commander-in-chief:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General Louisiana.

---------------

*Names omitted.

---------------

