
Abstract of Monthly of the District of Western Louisiana, commanded by Major General R. Taylor, December 4, 1862 (headquarters Alexandria, La.).

Present for duty.

Infantry. Cavalry. Artillery.

Troop	 Offic	 Men.	 Offic	 Men.	 Offic	 Men.	 Aggre	 Aggre

s.	 ers.	 	 ers.	 	 ers.	 	 gate	 gate

 	 	 	 	 	 	 prese	 prese

 	 	 	 	 	 	 nt.	 nt

 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 and

 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 absen

 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 t.

Infan	 154	 1,808	 .....	 .....	 .....	 .....	 2,737	 4,373

try

Caval	 .....	 .....	 83	 1,051	 .....	 .....	 1,390	 2,049

ry

Artil	 .....	 .....	 .....	 .....	 17	 464	 640	 802

lery

Grand	 154	 1,808	 83	 1,051	 17	 464	 4,767	 7,224

total

EXECUTIVE DEPT., Montgomery, Ala., Dec. 5, 1862.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: I invite your attention to the inclosed memorial from a portion of the Committee of Safety of Mobile, not because I suppose that the War Department has not already given an earnest consideration to the subject of the defenses of Mobile, or that it is not anxiously concerned for its successful resistance to the efforts which will doubtless soon be combined against it, but because I know the greatly extended scope of action of the department calls for the exercise of forethought and careful provision in so many points now threatened that perchance some points now available and some means now at hand may possibly be overlooked in these incessant demands upon you attention.

The high character, the unvaried zeal, the earnest devotion, and the steady co-operation of this committee wit the military and naval authorities give to their representations more than ordinary weight. They are not of the weak and timorous class, disposed to fear and fly at the first approach of the sails of the enemy, but men who will fight in defense of their homes until their city is no longer tenable, and be the first to apply the torch to render themselves homeless rather than the enemy shall enjoy the shelter of the roofs which have protected them and their children.

Both for the land and sea defenses they have cheerfully expended their means and given of their time and energies, under the direction of the authorities, in the belief that in so doing hey were protecting not only their city, but the rich country which had given it wealth and existence, and were also guarding the great lines of intercommunication.

They speak but my own thoughts when they say that to do this successfully will require heavy guns and a reserve corps, as my communications to your predecessors will fully show.

I hope it may be in your power to provide for these wants, and that your means may be made available before the enemy can make his appearance. The importance of Mobile invites his attack in force, and with the means of defense called for at hand and in position I shall rely with confidence upon the skill and energy of the military and naval commanders, the courage and ardor of those under their command, and the spirit and determination of the people, that when the struggle ends Mobile and its defenses will be ours.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. GILL SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama.

