
and appear to us to demand immediate attention. Your memorialist venture to think the Governor of Alabama has a right to ask these questions and to press them on the power that holds the sword and has undertaken the defense of which the State has deprived itself for the common good.

Alabamians have shed their blood and ennobled the State in every field of the war. Shall the gate-way to the homes of their mothers, wives, and sisters remain inadequately protected by the Government whose glory they have so illustrated?

Very respectfully,

P. HAMILTON, Chaiman.

J. CARTER.

L. M. WILSON.

CHAS. P. GAGE.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Houston, Tex., December 6, 1862.

Major FLEWELLEN,

Superintendent of Conscripts, Austin, Tex.:

SIR: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 4th instant in regard to the hostility on the part of the German population in certain localities in this State to the conscript law, and to say to you that he desires you to cause all persons of foreign birth who exhibit opposition to the enforcement of the conscript law to be sent from this State and united with regiments in other departments before all other conscripts, and that where they are found most hostile to its operations they be sent first of all. The major-general commanding desires, however, that in doing this you will exercise much caution, causing it to be done quietly and without show if such a thing be practicable, in order that al odious distinctions between the good and loyal citizens of foreign birth and those who are refractory may be obviated, and that no difficulties from this cause also may arise between our native-born citizens and those of foreign birth.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. TURNER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIST., DEPT. OF MISS. AND EAST LA.,Jackson, Miss., December 6, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit the copy of a letter addressed to His Excellency Thomas O. Moore, Governor of the State of Louisiana, dated December 2, current, in reply to His Excellency's letter of the 3rd of October to the President (copy marked B), referred to me when in Richmond for explanation, and the Governor's letter of the 2nd of October (marked C), requesting the suspension of General Orders, No. 2, of September 8, 1862.

The extraordinary character of His Excellency's letter to the President in contrast with that addressed to me personally and his own previous

