
distance and difficulty of communication deprived me of the benefit of your advice and valuable suggestions; but however I may have failed to meet your wishes I have, I repeat, yet to learn of any case of conflict between us.

With regard to the imputation of "ignorance of the rights of citizens or indifference to them," I have only to say that as may life has been spent in the army it may be that I am not as well informed in regard to these rights of my countrymen, no matter to what class they may belong, and I had hoped that a life devoted to my country' service and the fact that I was among the first to embark in the revolution in which we are now engaged for the vindication of these very rights, and upon which I have staked life, fortune, and fame, would have spared me such an imputation.

Your letter cannot certainly be regarded as a special recommendation to Executive consideration; whether it has prejudiced me with the President it is of course impossible for me to know, but it is rather a significant fact that about the time of its receipt I was relieved from the command of any portion of Louisiana and assigned to a district comparatively unimportant.

An officer by profession, with nothing left me now but such name and character as a soldier may win, you will readily understand the importance to me of preserving that name untarnished; and I must be permitted to remark in conclusion that I was withdrawn from active service at Pensacola and ordered to Louisiana on the application of the State Executive for the services of an officer unsolicited by me, and that I have felt that my lot was cast among a magnanimous people.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[Inclosure B.]

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Alexandria, La., October 3, 1862.

Hon. JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President, &amp;c., Richmond:

SIR: Inclosed you will find General Ruggles' General Order, No. 2, to which I invite your attention. I have written him requesting he should suspend the operation of the articles of war Nos. 56 and 57 so far as regards citizens until I can hear from you whether he is justified in so doing at all.

I assure you, sir, it is with regret that I find myself continually brought as it were into conflict with the military authorities, whom I am most desirous to assist in every legitimate way, but a wide-spread ignorance of the rights of citizens or indifference to them often renders it imperative.

In conclusion I may add that I am always convinced your views are just and proper concerning them.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. O. MOORE,

Governor of Louisiana.

