
rifles and about 200 small-arms to issue. I therefore hasten to inclose a requisition for 12,000 stand, which number was some time ago asked for by Brigadier-General Hebert; and as the State is now threatened with immediate invasion I trust that this district can be at once furnished with the above number of arms-Enfield rifles and rifled muskets, if possible. Other commands here are as poorly provided, the cavalry being armed with indifferent shot-guns. In addition, I have to request that three batteries of rifled pieces and three batteries of smooth-bore guns be sent to this district, as in light artillery it is very deficient. I have the honor to state that I have been informed that small-arms were being manufactured very rapidly at Macon, Ga., and Richmond, Va., and to request that Colonel Burton, superintendent of armory in Georgia, be directed to send the number of small-arms required by this district from the manufactories under his control or that arms be sent from other points.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BENKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding, &amp;c.

FORT HEBERT, TEX., December 9, 1862.

Mr. GEORGE W. GROVER,

Mayor of Galveston, Tex.:

SIR: Instructions just received by telegraph from Col. X. B. Debray grant time to the people of Galveston to remove from there up to the 11th instant at 9 a. m. You will therefore please make it public.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. G. JONES,

Lieutenant and Post Adjutant.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Houston, Tex., December 9, 1862.

Lieutenant Col. S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Trans-Mississippi Department:

SIR: Inclosed I send a letter of the Governor of Texas. I find Sibley's brigade and the troops raised by Governor Baylor almost without arms. Sibley's men sold their arms to Mexicans and our citizens; by the latter they were resoled to our Ordnance Department, issued, and sent out the country, principally to Arkansas. The rest of the troops here are principally cavalry, and armed, some with inefficient shot-guns, others with indifferent pistols, and some not at all. I am informed by Col. Charles De Morse, commanding Twenty-ninth Texas Regiment, that he is under orders to proceed to Fort Smith to report to Major-General Hindman. Captain Hooks, who bears this letter, states that his transportation will not be ready for some twenty or twenty-five days. I have therefore authorized Colonel De Morse to remain until your instructions can be received. A large expedition under General Banks will arrive at Galveston probably in a few days. I find the coast and the Rio Grande given up. With my troops well armed I might recover important points on the coast, and probably save the Rio Grande, so necessary to us. Under these circumstances I cannot but concur in the opinion of the Governor of Texas as to the necessity of keeping some

