
of the authorities than to be left with the old men and boys to defend herself, while denied the means of effectually doing it.

I am, sir, yours, truly,

F. R. LUBBOCK.

DECEMBER 10, 1862.

Major-General MAGRUDER:

DEAR SIR: I am informed by letter from a reliable person at Beaumont that five vessels appeared off Sabine Pass on the 7th and attempted to come in, but failed for want of sufficient water. They were still outside when his informant left. They held communication with the Federal vessels inside. Their character is one transport, one large steamer, one propeller, and two schooners. Thinking that possibly the information may not have reached you I send it it. Have you any late Northern papers you could lend me?

Very respectfully,

E. H. CUSHING.

[Indorsement.]

Colonel Debray will please send copy of this to Major Leon Smith, who has gone to Niblett's Bluff, and also station a company of cavalry near Sabine Pass to keep watch upon the enemy's movements and report such at once to these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Magruder:

H. M. STANARD,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Houston, Tex., December 12, 1862.

Col. S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Trans-Mississippi Department:

SIR: It is reported that the enemy are off Sabine Pass in force, attempting to land. The occupation of Galveston by the enemy may be expected at any moment. I have ordered the Valverde Battery (Captain Sayers) to report to me in Houston, as it is absolutely necessary to have more artillery at hand; and as I can find out nothing about General Sibley and his command, to which this company is attached, from the adjutant-general of General Hebert, I have ordered the whole of General Sibley's command to the coast.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Houston, Tex., December 13, 1862.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I cannot ask too urgently your attention to the inclosed letter* of Governor Lubbock, as to the pressing need of arms for the troops necessary to the defense of this State. Texas, though she has stripped

---------------

*See inclosure to Magruder's letter of December 9, p. 896.

---------------

57 R R-VOL XV

