
1st. That Major General N. P. Banks has landed a portion of his forces (consisting of 25,000 men) at Ship Island; that his men are much demoralized, and are to be drilled and disciplined on the island. The rest of his force is soon to be landed. Three large transports landed the troops already there.

It is rumored that a re-enforcement will be sent to New Orleans soon, but now there are not more than 2,000 men in New Orleans.

It is understood that General Banks' force is to be landed when ready at Pontchatoula, to move up the railroad to meet Rosecrans' army. This has been decided on instead of landing at Baton Rouge, as had been at one time contemplated.

The report carefully circulated at the North that General Banks' expedition was designed for texas it is understood was merely intended to mislead our Government. It is to be observed that the question now arises as to the expediency of destroying the barracks at Baton Rouge and a portion of the town or preserving them at the risk of affording aid and comfort to the enemy by again affording him shelter.

2nd. Major-General Butler orders, December 8, that all persons who have registered themselves as enemies of the United States, and who

desired leave New Orleans never to return, shall do so before the 10th of December, and that he, General Butler, will furnished them with transportation through the Federal lines; that each person shall be allowed only to carry out not exceeding $50 worth of clothing. All persons thus embraced are required to furnish a register of their residences. Several hundred are known to have registered for this purpose.

The arrival of these victims of Federal oppression on our Southern coast will be unquestionably attended by much distress and destitution. I respectfully recommend for the consideration of the lieutenant-general commanding that measures be taken to afford prompt relief and protecting for all such fugitives.

3rd. That recently some forty-two vessels have left our immediate coast and been lost to our service, having been seized by Major-General Butler.

4th. That stringent orders had been received by Major-General Butler and Commodore Farragut from Washington prohibiting the shipment of salt and probably other supplies to our lines.

These items of information are communicated for the lieutenant-general's consideration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLESS,

Brigadier-General, P. A. C. S.

GENERAL ORDERS,HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE GULF, No. 99. Mobile, December 14, 1862.

In obedience to orders from department headquarters the undersigned hereby relinquishes the command of the district to Brigadier General W. W. Mackall.

JOHN H. FORNEY,

Major-General, P. A. C. S.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT No. 2, No. 62 Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 14, 1862.

Major General S. B. Buckner is relieved from duty with the Army of Ten-

