
Sibley's brigade as can be spared. Captain Good has still some Mississippi rifles or other small-arms on hand. Let him issue them to Major Smith to arm his vessel. Tell the editors of papers not to publish a word as to army movements in this State. Colonel Debray will be sent for if there is a fight. Send the message to Colonel Hardeman to Columbus and no farther.

C. G. FORSHEY,

Consulting Engineer.

HOUSTON, TEX., December 25, 1862 - 2 p. m.

Colonel DEBRAY:

* * * * * * *

Send an express to Major Shea, directing him, in General Magruder's name, to burn the railroad ties at Indianola and Lavaca. Direct Major Shea to order, in General Magruder's name, the cavalry battalion near Victoria, left there for his support, to proceed to Lavaca, leaving their horses in charge of not more than one-fifth of the men and one or two careful commissioned officers, to remain at Victoria until further orders. Direct Major Shea to burn or destroy the light-houses at Saluria and Pass Cavallo and all the houses at Pass Cavallo if practicable. Send a copy of these orders by mail to General Bee.

* * * * * * *

Send an order, in General Magruder's name, to Major Hobby to send a party to Aransas light-house to destroy it. Captain Neal or Captain Willke will know the best way of approaching it. Let them take for this purpose two kegs of powder. Say that the general is aware of the difficulties, but believes they can be overcome. Direct General Bee, in General Magruder's name, to order by courier the officers in command of the troops at Brownsville to destroy the light-house on Padre Island.

By command of Major-General Magruder:

E. P. TURNER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EASTERN SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Houston, Tex., December 25, 1862.

Major SHEA:

SIR: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder, who is now at Virginia Point, to inform you that the enemy have landed at Galveston. Major-General Magruder orders that you burn the railroad ties at Indianola; also the bridges at Indianola and Lavaca. You will in his name order the cavalry battalion near Victoria, left there for your support, to proceed to Lavaca, leaving their horses in charge of not more than one-fifth of their force and one or two careful commissioned officers, to remain at Victoria until further orders. You will burn or destroy the light-houses at Saluria and Pass Cavallo and all the houses at Pass Cavallo if practicable.

A copy of each of the above orders I will send by mail to General Bee. The major-general commanding also orders that you remount the 10-inch columbiad, if it has arrived, at once; if not, send a courier at once to hurry up Lieutenant Woodward with the gun.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

X. B. DEBRAY,

Colonel, Commanding Eastern Sub-District of Texas.

