
not be responsible for any annoyance to those who should remain in Galveston after that time, thus giving every opportunity to the consuls and citizens or subjects of their respective consuls to establish themselves in Houston or elsewhere in the interior. This period has passed, but I am still willing to afford the foreign consuls and all others in Galveston every facility in my power for leaving that city, provided it is claimed within twenty-four hours from the time of the delivery of this note to Her Britannic Majesty's consul at Galveston.

With respect to provisions for the citizens of Galveston I have the honor to state, for the information of the consuls, that arrangements were entered into by me with the commander of the Federal fleet and all parties concerned for provisioning the city by steamers sent in for that purpose. The commanding officer of the Federal fleet, however, insisted on inserting in the article of agreement that steamers bearing a flag of truce should not float the Confederate flag. This was of course peremptorily refused by me, since which I have sent an officer to treat with the commander of the Federal fleet with the view of removing from the articles of agreement these objectional features, but I have no official knowledge of the result of this conference. It is evident, under these circumstances, that no injustice has been done the consuls or the citizens or subjects of the Governments which they represent.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major General, Comdg. Dist. of Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona.
HEADQUARTERS EASTERN SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Houston, Tex., December 26, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel BUCHEL,

Or any Officer Commanding at Brownsville, Tex.:

SIR: Major-General Magruder, who is now at Virginia Point, opposite Galveston, where Federal forces are arriving, instructs me by telegraph to send to you in his name the following order: "You will immediately destroy the light-house on Padre Island." A copy of this order is forwarded to Brigadier-General Bee, your immediate commander. You will report the execution of this order both to General Bee at San Antonio and to General Magruder at Houston.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

X. B. DEBRAY,

Colonel, Commanding Eastern Sub-District of Texas.

SAN ANTONIO, TEX., December 27, 1862.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Texas, &amp; c.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt, per Captain Loebnitz, of your communication of the 23rd instant, containing certain inquiries relative to Brigadier-General Sibley. Captain J. E. Dwyer, aide-de-camp to General Sibley, arrived here on yesterday morning direct from Richmond, which place he left on the 5th or 6th instant. He informs me that General Sibley was then in receipt of orders from the War Department to proceed forthwith to New Iberia, La., and there to resume the command of his brigade. General Sibley was to leave

