
WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., January 2, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding, &amp; c., Jackson, Miss.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 16th instant, inclosing one from C. G. Dahlgren, was referred to the Chief of Ordnance, and your attention is respectfully called to his reply, as follows:

The messenger who left here on the 17th instant with two 10-inch columbiads was instructed to take four 32-pounders from Mobile to General Taylor for the defense of the Washita. Four more might be sent, if deemed necessary, from Mobile after the arrival of the columbiads. The difficulties of transportation are almost insurmountable.

J. GORGAS,

Colonel and Chief of Ordnance.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Little Rock, January 2, 1863.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Texas, & c., Houston:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 21st ultimo, accompanied with a duplicate of that of the 17th, also your letter of the 15th ultimo, by Mr. Swan, have been received and laid before the lieutenant-general commanding, who instructs me to say in answer to the first two that he has no power to order Sibley's brigade to remain in Texas, the order for it to move to Louisiana having emanated from the Department of War; and, as you will perceive from the inclosed copy of an order from the Adjutant and Inspector General to Brigadier-General Sibley, there can be no doubt as to the intention of the Department on the subject.

In answer to the communication of the 15th ultimo, above referred to, I am directed by the lieutenant-general to say you have been misinformed as to the arms, shot-guns, & c., brought from Texas not being in use. The arms which have been received from Richmond have been appropriated to the unarmed regiments. Arms are expected shortly from east of the Mississippi, and General Blanchard has been directed to stop them at Monroe and hold them subject to your orders.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Port Hudson, La., January 3, 1863.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR,

Commanding West Louisiana, Alexandria:

GENERAL: I send couriers to you for the purpose of ascertaining the facilities of communicating with you direct. Co-operation of the troops under your command on the west bank of the Mississippi River might materially assist in the defense of this place. I cannot express my views, as this letter might fall into the hands of the enemy. I have reliable information from Baton Rouge that the enemy have twenty-two regiments of infantry, about 400 cavalry, and four batteries of Napo

