
leon guns already there. Corcoran's Legion expected yesterday. Brigadier General Cuvier Grover is in command, assisted by the notorious Billy Wilson, who has lately been appointed a brigader. Major-Generals Banks and Augur were expected. They have two Parrott guns in each battery. A small force of cavalry crossed over to the west side of the river at Baton Rouge and pressed horses, mules, and wagons in the vicinity. Banks' much-talked-of expedition has turned up at New Orleans. I have seen his order in a New Orleans paper assuming command. I send you scraps from a Baton Rouge paper. I respectfully invite a reply. Such information as you might give, which if falling into the enemy's hands would not be of any service to him, would be very acceptable to me.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[FRANK GARDNER],

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, January 3, 1863.

Major A. G. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose copies of official communications received to-day by express from the Rio Grande, which convey the information of serious disturbances in that portion of my command.

I have instructed Colonel Luckett to demand of the Governor of Tamaulipas that he shall arrest and deliver up to me the perpetrators of the outrage, as well as full indemnity for the property destroyed, and also to assure that functionary that immediate and active measures on his part to effectually prevent a recurrence of such acts must be taken, or on him will rest the responsibility of the consequences that will ensue.

I deem it my duty to suggest to the general commanding that in my opinion it is important that I should immediately repair to Brownsville, and use my best efforts to maintain the peace and quiet of the frontier, or, failing in that, to take such measures as will compel the neighboring States of Mexico to keep her turbulent population at home.

I therefore respectfully ask that orders to that effect may be sent to me, accompanied with the views of the general as to my remaining there permanently or returning to this post.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS LOWER RIO GRANDE,Fort Brown, Tex., December 28, 1862.

Major E. F. GRAY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, C. S. Army, San Antonio, Tex.:

SIR: Inclosed herewith you will please find copies of correspondence between Governor Lopez, of Tamaulipas, and myself relative to the refugees now in Matamoras, and also to some corn which our agent, Mr. Sanders, had purchased.

Mr. Sanders obtained a permit from Governor Vidaurri to export 500 cargas of corn, but Governor Lopez refused to allow but one-half to pass through the State of Tamaulipas. I wrote him a letter (a copy is

