
herewith inclosed) showing him the injustice of such a restriction. Subsequently I learned verbally (the written reply not having been received) that he utterly refuses to let any of the corn pass through the State.

I regard this action as a highway robbery, and if the general commanding will grant me permission I will cross over at Mier and either bring the corn or money or hostages sufficient to insure its safe arrival as soon as received.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BUCHEL,

Lieutenant Col. Third Texas Infantry, Comdg. Lower Rio Grande.

[Sub-inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS LOWER RIO GRANDE,Fort Brown, Tex., December 27, 1862.

Don ALBINO LOPEZ, Governor of Tamaulipas, Mexico:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 24th instant,* in reply to my note of the same date, and beg to be allowed to make a few remarks in regard thereto.

In all civilized countries, when citizens revolt against the sovereignty of their State by taking up arms (as most of the refugees from the State of Texas now in Matamoras have done), and have been driven by force of arms into a neighboring country, it is the custom that such traitors are removed from the frontier tot he interior of the country in which they take refuge. But should this not be done, and the authorities of the country from which such traitors come demand, for reasons known to themselves, the removal of the refugees to the interior, and the demand is not complied with, it is always regarded as an act of bad faith, and inimical to the country from whence the demand emanates.

Major Yager, the bearer of my communication to Your Excellency, respectfully requesting to pass through the State of Tamaulipas 500 cargas of corn, to be exported at Mier (said corn having been purchased in the State of Nuevo Leon for the use of the troops by our agent, Mr. A. M. Sanders, of Roma, permission being granted by Governor Vidaurri to export it), reports that Your Excellency refuses to grant such permission, but would perhaps allow one-half to be exported, provided the other half was sold to the authorities of the State of Tamaulipas. I cannot believe that Major Yager fully understood Your Excellency. Common courtesy between the authorities of neighboring countries at peace with each other and the customary usage between such authorities would forbid such an action.

What would Governor Lopez and the merchants of Matamoras think if the Confederate authorities or those of the State of Texas were to act in such a manner toward the merchandise which the Governor and said merchants now have or might have in the State of Texas; or if the exportation of beeves, &amp; c., should only be allowed under such a condition? Would not such an action be regarded as an outrage, although we might plead necessity as an excuse?

Only a written communication therefore will convince me that Major Yager's report of Your Excellency's verbal reply is correct.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BUCHEL,

Lieutenant Col. Third Infantry, Comdg. Lower Rio Grande.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

