
families at home and they away, and also determined to make an issue with the disloyal by compelling them to meet the draft. I feel satisfied that we have true men enough among us to overcome the disloyal in case of an outbreak, but they have not the arms, having given them to those gone into the Army, while most of those believed to be disloyal are well armed.

Again, if civil war really is intended, and we were even well armed, we are very much scattered and surrounded by those who are suspected, and to attempt to assemble from the different neighborhoods would but give the disloyal the same opportunity, and the families of the true men be left defenseless.

I received an order from the Governor through the Adjutant-General to send forward the three-months' men to Houston as fast as companies could be organized, but in view of the fact that the draft is not yet made in all the counties, and particularly in view of the threat of resistance whenever an attempt should be made to force off the drafted men, and to give us time to prepare, I have issued orders, fixing Monday, the 12th of this month, for the time of assembling at Columbus. This postponement will perhaps delay a conflict, and enable us to get ready, and probably prevent it altogether.

With perfect deference to our able chieftain I most respectfully suggest that if a regiment of cavalry could be sent to the disaffected region it would overawe the disaffected and prevent an outbreak, if any is intended. Perhaps even a less number would do. If this were done under cover of forming an encampment to obtain supplies it would allay suspicion, and the drafted men would see the necessity of obeying the call, and all perhaps pass off quietly.

From all I can learn the greatest disaffection is about New Ulm and Industry, in Austin County, and Round Top and Fayetteville, in this county. Neither of these places is more than 10 or 12 miles apart. If a command of cavalry were placed in Fayetteville it would be convenient to all the other points, and could act according to circumstances. Fayetteville is about 18 miles from Alleyton, the head of the railroad, and there is plenty of corn in the neighborhood.

I have hesitated to address you because I know that the Governor is the proper officer for me to apply to, and I must make the great desire I have to prevent a conflict between our own citizens my excuse for the course taken.

If my paper and the manner in which I have written on it be against regulations let the scarcity of the article be my excuse.

WILLIAM G. WEBB,

Brigadier-General, Second Brigade Texas State Troops.

P. S. - A gentleman has just come to me in haste to inform me of another meeting of Germans on yesterday on the west side of the Colorado River, in a German neighborhood, at which there were over 100 men present, and a German woman stated that their object was to resist the draft.

[JANUARY 4, 1863.]

Brigadier General WILLIAM G. WEBB, La Grange:

At a public meeting held by the citizens in Biegel Settlement, Fayette County, Texas, on January 4, 1863, the following declaration was adopted as an expression of the sentiments of said meeting:

The measures taken by the Government to protect this State against invasion are so far-reaching and serious in their consequences that they fill our minds with dread and apprehension.

