
PROCLAMATION.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Galveston, Tex., January 5, 1863.

Whereas the undersigned has succeeded in capturing and destroying a portion of the enemy's fleet and in driving the remainder out of Galveston Harbor and beyond the neighboring waters and thus raising the blockade virtually, he therefore proclaims to all concerned that the harbor of Galveston is open for trade to all friendly nations, and their merchants are invited to resume their usual intercourse with this port.

Done at Galveston this the fifth day of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-three.

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ., No. 35. Galveston, Tex., January 5, 1863.

* * * * * * *

VII. Lieutenant-Colonel Hardeman having armed his regiment will proceed with it to Alleyton, and thence will send out parties to disarm the disloyal Germans and enforce the draft and conscript act.

VIII. Brigadier-General Bee will order the troops at Ringgold Barracks to proceed to the Rio Grande to dispute any attempted landing of the enemy.

* * * * * * *

X. Colonel Cook will send 10 men with the steamer Lucy Gwinn this afternoon with flags he will get at the house of Colonel Nichols, and place them with the United States flag always flying; also take a Confederate flag with him, but not to use it until further orders. Occupy the fort on Pelican Spit until the enemy, if any appears, is decoyed within the harbor, when he will place his men on board a sailing craft, which will be furnished for the purpose by Major Leon Smith, and go around by the Northern Channel toward Half Moon Shoal and return to Galveston Island.

If possible among the detail of men have one or two men who understand sailing a boat. Take supplies along for ten days, blankets, &amp; c.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Magruder:

E. P. TURNER,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,

Galveston, Tex., January 6, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Having captured the steamer Harriet Lane, but slightly damaged, with her full armament on board, I have the honor to request that she be put in commission as a war steamer, with Captain Leon Smith, who commanded the expedition by which she was captured, as captain.

