
5th. One major-general to have his headquarters habitually at San Antonio; and,

6th. Another major-general to have his headquarters at Houston.

The commanding officer of the whole would be most of the time in the saddle, and might establish his headquarters wherever his services were most required.

Similar districts might be laid out as conscript districts, each commanded by a major, the whole by a superintendent of conscripts, with the rank of lieutenant-colonel.

With this arrangement, and efficient staff officers, harmony and promptness of action and due responsibility would be easily attained.

To carry it out I wish the general officers asked for. At present I have but one, Brigadier-General Bee, permanently, and Brigadier-General Scurry temporarily, and in order to obtain those of the proper qualifications I respectfully recommend the inclosed names to the favorable consideration of the President.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding, &amp; c.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, January 6, 1863.

Major A. G. DICKINSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Texas, Houston, Tex.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication by express and to report that seven companies of Colonel Woods' regiment of cavalry from Lavaca and three of the same from Fort Clark, Majors Taylor and Duff with their battalions, five companies of the Third Regiment Infantry, and Willke's light battery, also five companies of the Frontier regiment, have been ordered to the Rio Grande, in the aggregate about 2,500 men.

I would respectfully request that the Second Regiment Texas Mounted Rifles (belonging to my brigade) may be ordered to report at Ringgold Barracks.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

PORT HUDSON, January 7, 1863.

Major J. R. WADDY:

Total effective, 8,239; aggregate present, 10,421. Add about 2,500 for Gregg's brigade. Garrisons of Clinton and Camp Moore not included.

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General, Commanding.

HUNTSVILLE, TEX., January 7, 1863.

GENERAL: It gives me great pleasure to mingle my congratulations with the many thousands that you have received. You, sir, have in

