
regiment consisting of Thirty-ninth and First Mississippi Regiments, commanded by Col. W. B. Shelby, and Abbay's, Herod's and Bradford's batteries.

IV. The heavy artillery and cavalry will remain as separate commands. The reports of each separate organization will be sent direct to these headquarters.

V. The previous organization of brigades will be discontinued, but the consolidated regiments will remain so consolidated until the strength of any one regiment will justify its separation.

VI. Consolidated morning reports will be sent in to these headquarters on Tuesdays and Fridays of each week, and reports of number and condition of arms and amount of ammunition will be sent in each Friday.

By command of Major General Frank Gardner:

---- ----,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GALVESTON, January 8, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

A. A. G., Dept. of Tex., N. Mex. and Ariz., Galveston, Tex.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to special orders and instructions of 3rd instant from the major-general commanding, I proceeded seaward that night on the bark Cavallo, three guns, Captain Saunders; schooner Leader, one gun, Captain Johnston, and pilot boat Captain Payne, with detachments from the regiments of Colonels Green, Cook, and Griffin, to capture the Clyde built steamer, with troops and stores on board, then off the bar waiting for a pilot.

At 3.30 a. m., 4th, anchored off Fort Point Battery; a half hour clearing the ship for work and getting the men below. Sail was then made with difficulty, owing to the scarcity of seamen, their unwillingness to work, and the light wind prevailing, thus consuming time that otherwise employed might have accomplished the object of the expedition.

At daylight steamer 4 to 5 miles distant showed signal for a pilot, which was answered by Captain Payne, who stood out to the bar, sounding; he returned at 9 a. m. (the wind being too light for the bark to make heading), and was instructed to proceed to the steamer, allay this suspicion (now evidently aroused), and if possible entice her in; if necessary, to go on board as pilot, bringing her to such a position that the guns of the bar, could command her. He promptly complied therewith; went on board the steamer, which immediately got under way, steering eastward until out of sight, carrying him with her. The pilot-boat returned and was ordered to town.

For several hours the bark had been compelled to lay at anchor on account of the narrow channel and light wind. She returned to Galveston at 5 p. m., failing to realize the success anticipated for the reason heretofore given.

I would respectfully call the attention of the major-general commanding to the case of Captain Payne, that he may be exchanged, as there is a possibility of his being subjected to much trouble in his present condition.

Captains Saunders and Johnston were very energetic in discharging all the duties assigned to them. Captains Tubbs and Richardson,

