
of the infantry, also Captain Barnett, gave me all assistance in their power.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. M. MASON,

Major, Commanding Expedition.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ., No. 37. Galveston, January 8, 1863.

* * * * * * *

II. Colonel Hardeman, commanding Arizona Brigade, will proceed at once with his brigade and take post at La Grange, reporting the arrival at that place to these headquarters.

* * * * * * *

VII. Quaker guns will at once be mounted at Bolivar Point and South Battery. Troops from Pyron's regiment will be posted at the intersection of Strand street and the beach, to be shown the enemy during the day and withdrawn at night.

* * * * * * *

[By command of Major-General Magruder:

E. P. TURNER,Assistant-Adjutant General.]

HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,

Galveston, January 9, 1863.

Col. S. S. ANDERSON, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the pleasure to inform you that I have by simultaneous attack by land and sea succeeded in capturing and destroying a portion of the enemy's fleet and driving the rest to sea. This was done under a heavy fire of canister and grape from the enemy's ships. I am fortifying Galveston by constant work night and day, and hope to be able to do so effectually unless the enemy return with a large fleet, in which event I fear I shall be compelled to yield the possession.

I have submitted to the President a plan for the defense of Texas,

which as soon as possible will be forwarded to the lieutenant-general commanding the Trans-Mississippi Department. I hope that all of my arrangements and operations may meet with his and your approbation.

I have applied to the President for the promotion of Brigadier-General Scurry, with the request that should the promotion be ordered to report to me, inasmuch as I need assistance, being overwhelmed with labor here.

There are indications here of a refractory and revolutionary spirit among certain classes in different parts of Texas. Some 800 Germans have actually assembled in Colorado County, well armed, and are holding themselves in an attitude of defense, and threaten resistance to the operation of the military laws. I have sent to this quarter several companies of the Arizona Brigade, with a piece of artillery, for the purpose of quelling these disturbances and preventing a second occurrence.

I shall spare no efforts to facilitate the departure of Sibley's brigade. They will proceed to New Iberia, La., as I am informed by Major Lea that they are ordered to that place. Should the lieutenant-general wish them ordered elsewhere they can be diverted to any other point after reaching New Iberia.

