
ually absorbing and civilizing the once powerful aboriginal tribes of Spanish America. Captive Indian women and children are reckoned in the same caste as peons, perform similar duties, and are treated with moderation and humanity. This state of servitude, it would naturally seem, is infinitely preferable to the only other alternative of leaving them to perish of starvation and exposure among the mountains and deserts, and is certainly characterized by none of that atrocity and barbarity which Colonel Baylor's order might seem to imply in the judgment of those not conversant with the circumstances under which it was issued.

Trusting this brief explanation may at least serve to mitigate the severity of opprobrium against a tried, trusty, and efficient public servant, I have the honor to remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. H. MCWILLIE,

Delegate from Arizona.
HEADQUARTERS ARIZONA BRIGADE,Columbus, January 11, 1863.

Major B. BLOOMFIELD, Chief Quartermaster:

SIR: Your messenger, which dispatches for Colonel Hardeman, arrived on the cars last night. I keep him until the cars return to-morrow morning. Colonel Hardeman has sent Major Madison with 25 men to La Grange, Lieutenant Stone with 25 to Bellville, and he left this morning with 50 men for the purpose of arresting the ringleaders and disarming all the disloyal citizens.

All is now apparently quiet. I think the prompt action of the general in sending a force to put down all insurrectionary movements and our success at Galveston will and has had the effect of inducing them to return to their homes, and as far as heard from they have and are complying with the conscription law and draft ordered by the Governor.

The dispatch you sent up was an order announcing to Colonel Hardeman that a part of Colonel Debray's regiment had been ordered to re-enforce him (Colonel Hardeman). As they are not wanted, I am ordered by Colonel Hardeman to order them to return to Harrisburg or to the encampment they left and report to their colonel. I think Colonel Hardeman and his officers will by the last of this week complete the arrest and disarming of the disaffected, and the command will be ready to return to Harrisburg by Saturday.

I write this for your own information and not officially, presuming you would be pleased to know how matters stand in the country. You will please forward the dispatches to headquarters that I send by your messenger.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY L. WEBB,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Port Hudson, La., January 12, 1863.

Major WADDY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Mississippi and East Louisiana:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that my latest information from Baton Rouge gives thirty-two regiments at that place; but I do not be

