
poses. The medical department reports abundant arrangements for the sick and wounded except ambulances, there being but three at the post.

The commanding officer appeared to be much embarrassed by the presence of a number of women and children at this point remaining in spite of his recommendations to remove - persons who have come to occupy the houses made vacant by owners removed away. It struck me as a matter of importance to the command to have possession of most of these houses for storage and hospital purposes.

I submit for your view several papers relating to the condition of the post.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

CHS. M. FAUNTLEROY,

Colonel, Inspector-General.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND BRIGADE TEXAS STATE TROOPS,Columbus, Tex., January 12, 1863.

Lieutenant Col. H. L. WEBB,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp; c.:

COLONEL: On Thursday last a committee of Germans waited on me at La Grange, professing to represent 120 Germans of Fayette County, and presented a written declaration, in which they set forth the situation of their families, and stated their willingness to defend the State, provided they had guarantees that their families should be supported in their absence, but they expressly declared that they declined to take the oath to the Confederate States, because they knew of no law requiring State troops to take that oath. The declaration also stated in substance that they were called upon to defend principles far removed from them.

The Governor has the original declaration, and will send a copy to me and also to you, and I request that you wait for the receipt of the paper in order that you may judge the more fairly of its contents, as my memory may not serve me fully. The declaration, however, will support an indictment and arrest under the State laws, and it is the purpose of the Governor to have the ringleaders arrested and dealt with. The punishment is the penitentiary, not less than two nor more than five years.

The Governor arrived at La Grange on Thursday last and remained until Saturday and saw this committed, and gave them a very plain, positive talk, which I have no doubt had a good effect, and I have hope that the victory at Galveston and the knowledge of the conspirators of our being on the alert will have a good effect, and that most of the men will come to the rendezvous at this p lace to-day, it being the day fixed for it, but if there should be any reverse to our arms or a landing in force I anticipate trouble.

I have sent commissioners to all the disaffected regions - men of influence, true to our cause - who have used persuasion and mild representations of the consequences to the conspirators, and a happy effect has been the consequence; and my belief now is that a few will desert, but that a large majority of the disaffected will come here to-day. I am credibly informed that one man declared to B. B. Hudnall that he and others meant to go, but that at a good opportunity they would hoist the white flag and go over to the enemy. I am now trying to get this statement on oath, and will, if able, submit it in form.

60 R R - VOL XV

