
time under fire on the 5th instant, proved itself a worthy comrade for the Third, Sixth, and Seventh Kentucky Regiments, who in this action sustained the enviable reputations won by them on the field of Shiloh. Colonel Robertson would call especial attention to the gallant conduct of Col. E. Crossland and Lieutenant Col. E. Goodwin, who, the first with his regimental colors in hand and the second with his hat on his sword, led the brigade in the final charge.

To the reports of regimental commanders you are referred for notices of gallant conduct in other members of the command.

The medical staff deserve the highest praise for their prompt and unceasing attention to the wounded.

By order of

J. W. ROBERTSON,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade, Second Division.

Captain L. D. SANDIDGE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

[Addenda.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,August 8, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Colonel Robertson desires me to say that he wishes to amend his brigade report by stating that Major John R. Throckmorton assistant quartermaster, rendered very efficient service in taking off the wounded from the field, showing great fearlessness of personal danger in the discharge of his duties.

G. C. HUBBARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Captain L. D. SANDIDGE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

No. 35. Report of Col. J. W. Robertson, Thirty-fifth Alabama Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FIFTH REGT. ALABAMA VOLUNTEERS,Camp on Comite River, La., August 8, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken in the action of the 5th instant by the Thirty-fifth Regiment Alabama Volunteers up to the moment I was relieved of the command of the regiment by assuming command of the brigade:

Before leaving the Comite River I deemed it advisable to consolidate certain companies, in which there were but few men and in two instances no commissioned officer, the regiment having been decimated by sickness, and accordingly divided the regiment, only 185 strong, rank and file, into four companies, placing them in command of the following officers, from right to left, in the order named: Captain S. S. Ives, Lieutenant Theo. E. Ellett, Captain John S. Dixon, and Lieutenant S. D. Stewart. The regiment thus organized, occupied the left center of the brigade and kept this position during the action, passing immediately to the front of the line first formed on the common over and through many obstacles to a position near the river, where the fight ended.

The regiment having never been under fire, much anxiety was felt

