
STATE OF TEXAS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Austin, January 17, 1863.

Major-General MAGRUDER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

The Governor has instructed me to transmit to you a copy of a communication from the Secretary of War, of date December 13 ultimo, and to bring to your consideration that portion of it, to wit-

There is too, I suppose, little probability that the conscripts to be mustered into service from your State will be largely drawn upon during the winter months, and while otherwise unoccupied at the camps of instruction they might in case of pressing necessity be temporarily employed in conjunction with your State troops, under the general authority of the commanding general of your department, in repelling invasion-

as, in the views of His Excellency, fully corroborating and confirming the policy already adopted by yourself in relation to the conscripts now within the State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. Y. DASHIELL,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,January 17, 1863.

Major H. H. HAYNIE, Brigade Commissary:

SIR: The general commanding directs that you write to Colonel Gorgas for arms for this district. You will represent that the insurrection by the Germans in several counties, the transporting of troops by the enemy to the Rio Grande, and the large number of unarmed troops in the district render it indispensably necessary to the defense of the State that arms should be furnished by the Government without delay. You will telegraph to Colonel Gorgas to send some guns (artillery) of the Williams pattern. With the cavalry they can be used to great advantage on the prairies.

You will proceed to Monroe, ascertain whether the arms held subject to General Magruder's order are on this side or the other side of the Mississippi. You will impress all teams necessary for the transportation of these arms, obtaining the authority from Lieutenant-General Holmes. You will proceed to Richmond if necessary to procure arms.

J. B. EUSTIS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SENATE CHAMBER, January 19, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I inclose you a copy of the order from General A. G. Blanchard, in command at Monroe, La., to the captain of a company of cavalry stationed at Lake Providence.

His order was given at the time the enemy made the recent raid in the parishes of Madison and Carroll, when they destroyed the bridges of the Vicksburg and Shreveport Railroad over the Tensas River and the Bayou Macon and otherwise damaged the road, and also burned the depot at Delhi, destroying considerable private and public property.

