
forage is plenty, and subsistence for the command can be easily obtained in the vicinity of that place.

Be request of Captain Garey, quartermaster, I authorized E. B. Foulkers, esq., to retain at home 7 negro men, his quota to be furnished the Government, as he had them engaged in shelling and shucking corn for the Government, Mr. Foulkes having sold the Government 6,000 bushels. The order to the troops, a copy of which I inclose, and this detail is all I have done without first consulting the commanding general. I am anxious, and will avoid doing any act or making an order without first advision with the general headquarters.

The colonel commanding, by my recommendation, has prohibited the sale of intoxication liquors. It meets the cordial approbation of all good citizens.

I will keep you informed of all that transpires regularly.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY L. WEBB,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Adjutant-General.

P. S.- Direct to me a t Alleyton, as I live here, and when I receive your communication I can reply at once, as the mail leaves the morning after it arrives at 8 a. m., and if sent to Columbus I cannot receive an answer until two days after.

[Inclosure.]

Special order, issued at Columbus, Colorado County, Tex., January 21, 1863.

Complaints having been made to these headquarters that the soldiers composing the Arizona Brigade, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Hardman, encamped near this place, have been committing, and continue to commit, depredations on the peaceable citizens of the country:

It is hereby ordered that the soldiers be encamped in military order, and regular guards and sentinels posted as in the Army of the Confederate States, and no officer, non-commissioned officer, or private soldier will be permitted to pass the sentinels in the day or night without permission from the officer in command, and at no time will more than two men from any company be allowed leave of absence at the same time, and no furlough will be granted under any circumstances.

the officers of the different companies will be answerable and held to strict accountability for any and all depredations committed by their men.

By order of Major General J. Bankhead Magruder, commanding Texas and Arizona and New Mexico:

HENRY L. WEBB,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

PORT HUDSON, LA., January 22, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Banks has arrived at Baton Rouge with re-enforcements. Number not known.

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.

