
VICKSBURG, January 24, 1863.

Major-General GARDNER,

Port Hudson, La.:

All steamboats in the Mississippi River between Vicksburg and Port Hudson will at once pass up Red River and there remain until further orders. Should any of these boats be in danger of falling into the hands of the enemy they must be destroyed. Enforce this order. Do your utmost to do so.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS PORT HUDSON,January 24, 1863.

Major J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jackson, Miss.:

MAJOR: I inclose herewith a copy of a correspondence with Major-General Augur, commanding United States forces at Baton Rouge.*

I report the following summary of affairs:

I had received accurate information that the enemy's strength at Baton Rouge some time since consisted of twenty-four regiment of infantry, four batteries, and three squadrons of cavalry. I have only had positive information of the arrival of four transports with troops since. I estimate their force at about 19,000. They have felled trees and obstructed the roads and erected some fortifications around the leans since and have been fortifying on the river front. Their pickets are kept close into town. They make an occasional expedition to the eastward and south, and obtain sugar, molasses, and, it is supposed, cotton. They have withdrawn their encampment on the west side of the river, but occasionally make a foraging expedition on that side. It has been at different times reported that there are a considerable number of men in the penitentiary for refusing to do duty. Major-Generals Banks, Augur, and Brigadier Shepley, Grover, and Billy Wilson are there.

I need very much additional cavalry and a good cavalry commander. I am still obliged to keep two companies of cavalry on the -side of the river.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,New Iberia, January 24, 1863.

General JOHNSTON,

Commanding Western Department, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication dated Jackson, December 31, 1862, which reached me only to-day.*

The information communicated to you by Lieutenant-Colonel Broadwell, relative to the disposition of salt, is incorrect. The proportion of the salt gotten out of the mines near this place, required and used for

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

