
packing beef, is comparatively small, and of the beef cured at the packery the greater part of it has been ordered by me to he shipped to Vicksburg for the use of the troops in your department. So far from withholding a supply of salt from the troops east of the Mississippi, I am using every means within my power to ship a large quantity to that country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, January 24, 1863.

The PRESIDENT:

SIR: For your information, with reference to the steamer Harriet Lane, I have the honor to report that on the 10th instant, in anticipation of the Wara Department's order to turn the vessels over to the Navy, I ordered Lieutenant J. N. Barney, C. S. Navy, then at Mobile, to command her, and sent her full complement of officers to report to him at Galveston. I could send him but 20 seamen, but called upon Admiral Buchanan and Commander Brown to aid him in making up a crew, and instructed him to appeal to General Magruder to aid him to complete one.

I instructed him to report the condition of the vessels at once, hold himself in readiness to go to sea, and await orders. He has instructions for his cruise and funds to defray expenses.

If Galveston is to be held she could render important service in the bay; otherwise I propose to send her to sea, if you shall approve, at the earliest moment.

Lieutenant Catesby Ap R. Jones, for whom General Magruder applies, can to detailed for service with him. He is now commanding the Chattahoochee.

The appointment of a citizen to a post captaincy over the heads of nine-tenths of the naval officers, as recommended by General Magruder, could only be justified in my judgment by considerations which the case he cites does not present, even could it be done legally, which it cannot.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy.

P. S. - The dispatch of General Magruder is herewith returned.*

PORT HUDSON, January 25, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

The troops that arrived at Baton Rouge yesterday were two negro regiments, and increased the dissatisfaction. the council of war has not come to andy conclusion. One week will determine and advance if re-enforcements come, or evacuation if not. The new regiments are not trusted.

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.

---------------

* See Magruder to Seddon, January 6, p. 931.

---------------

