
by both myself and the brigade commander as to the probable effect upon the men of a close fire of musketry. I am highly gratified to say that never once did the regiment, men or officers falter; but when ordered to charge did on three occasions bear themselves most gallantly, and once obstinately held for an hour a position exposed to a fire from overwhelming numbers.

On reaching the first encampment of the enemy in the third charge made by the brigade this regiment passed entirely through the camp, driving the enemy before them, when on looking to right rear I found my command was not supported, but the right wing was falling back to cover. Receiving no order, and fearing the enemy would attempt to flank the left wing, I immediately ordered the regiment to retire, being followed in the movement by the Sixth Kentucky on the left, and formed line of battle on the right of the cemetery, in which the Sixth Kentucky was formed. The regiments were immediately moved forward and checked the advancing enemy by heavy firing.

Being called to command the brigade, I at this time turned over the regiment to Lieutenant-Colonel Goodwin, who reports its further action.

I desire to say that I am greatly indebted to Lieutenant Col. E. Goodwin, my only associate field officer, for the coolness and gallantry displayed by him during the action. The officers commanding the companies were conspicuous for coolness and courage.

Dr. I. F. Delony, a private of Company D, was detailed to act as assistant surgeon during the action, and deserves particular mention, he being up with the regiment at all times, caring for the wounded and encouraging the men. I respectfully ask that Dr. Delony be discharged, that I may contract with him as assistant surgeon.

Respectfully submitted.

J. W. ROBERTSON,

Colonel Thirty-fifth Regt. Ala. Vols., First Brigadier, Second Div.

Captain L. D. SANDIDGE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

No. 36. Report of Lieutenant Col. Edward Goodwin, Thirty-fifth Alabama Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FIFTH ALABAMA VOL. REGT.,Camp on Comite River, La., August 7, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: Col. J. W. Robertson, who had so gallantly led on the Thirty-fifth Alabama in two separate charges, having been called to the command of the brigade, Col. A. P. Thompson having been severely wounded while cheering on his men, the command of the Thirty-fifth Alabama was handed over to me.

I held the position, which we were ordered to maintain by Col. J. W. Robertson, in front of the enemy's encampments for more than an hour, all the while under the most galling fire of the enemy. I learned that the enemy, both infantry and cavalry, were drawn up in line of battle on my left as if preparing to charge our line on the right. I therefore directed my command to fire upon them, when after three well-directed volleys the enemy fled precipitately. A charge was immediately ordered by Major-General Breckinridge. We promptly replied to the command, driving the enemy from their encampments under cover of their gunboats, when the order was given to fall back for ammunition.

