HEADQUARTERS ARIZONA BRIGADE,Columbus, January 26, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: The general commanding wishes to know why I have not reported. In reply I would say that I have made two reports to headquarters, and think it very strange that they have not made their appearance.

The Germans in this section have become very quiet. Nearly all of them have gone into the militia service. I have has scouts out in the country in different directions. They report everything quiet. I start out myself this morning with a detachment of 50 men. I understand there are some of the leaders of the insurrection still in the country that have not gone into service. I will hunt them up and report to headquarters on my return. Brigadier-General Webb, of La Grange, is here; he reports everything going on monthly in that country; says there was considerable excitement there at one time.

I will report on my return from this expedition.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. HARDEMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Arizona Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS LOWER RIO GRANDE,Fort Brown, January 26, 1863.

Major A. G. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston, Tex.:

MAJOR: Owing to the fact that Brigadier-General Bee is en route to this post, I think it proper to address the commanding general directly, that he may be informed of the state of this frontier up to the latest moment without any unnecessary delay.

I have the honor to report that I arrived at this post on the 16th instant, having a large amount of Government funds in charge, which have been turned over to the proper disbursing officers.

On the 17th I assumed command of the Lower Rio grande, and immediately issued orders, and took the necessary steps to carry out as soon as practicable the orders of the commanding general, as expressed in his orders to Brigadier General H. P. Bee.

I have to report a great want of transportation on this line, also a remarkable scarcity of grass, of which indeed the country is literally almost bare. As to corn, none can be purchased at present. These difficulties, together with the extremely low stage of water on the Rio Grande, which prevents steamboat navigation, do not permit as rapid a moment of the troops as is to be desired.

I have consulted fully with Major Hart, quartermaster, and have given such orders to Captain F. J. Lynch, assistant quartermaster, as to secure a full supply of rations within sixty for 5,000 men for six months. These supplies have generally to be ordered from the West Indies-more particularly corn. There is said to be a sufficient amount of flour at the mount of the river, but the process of unloading vessels is very slow during the winter months. Last month, I understand, there were only two working days for the lighters.

I have has a special interview with the Governor of Temaulipas, Mexico, also with several leading officials of the city of Matamoras. They do not that there is a band of robbers and marauders in and about Mier, in their State, menacing our peaceful frontier relations, but

