
I desire especially to call attention to the zeal and daring of the men, both officers and privates, under my command, the last charge having been made without a round of cartridges on hand.

Very respectfully,

EDWARD GOODWIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Thirty-fifth Alabama Vol. Regt.

Lieutenant GEORGE C. HUBBARD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Second Division.

No. 37. Report of Captain J. H. Bowman, Third Kentucky Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD KENTUCKY REGIMENT,August 7, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to an order from your office I return the following statement of the action of the Third Kentucky Regiment in the battle of Baton Rouge on the 5th:

The brigade was formed in an open field (the Third Kentucky Regiment on the right flank) and ordered to march forward. The third crossed a law into a field, received a fire from the enemy's skirmishers when we were ordered to charge. The skirmishers were routed and the regiment halted in a pea patch and was ordered to lie down. Here we received a heavy fire, killing 1 man and wounding 5 men.

We were again ordered forward and to charge, which order was executed in gallant style. Passing over the ground occupied by the enemy we saw the bodies of a few dead of our enemies. Another charge brought us into a road near the enemy's camp, through which we charged, and halted and remained for some time, and seeing that one line to the left was not up on line with us, I placed Captain Edwards in command temporarily until I went to the rear to see where to form the line, with instructions to remain in position until I could return. After obtaining the necessary information I started on my return and met the regiment falling back in good order. When I demanded to know why the regiment was doing so, I was informed it was by order of Brigadier-General Clark. I then resumed command and formed on line with the brigade. Soon Colonel Thompson ordered me to fall back to a cut in the road, which order was promptly executed. We remained in this position for near one hour, firing near 30 rounds of ammunition at the enemy, at times they being in short range of our rifles. The regiment then was ordered to charge forward by Colonel Crossland, which order was promptly executed, and again we passed through their encampment, and were ordered to fall back, which order was executed without any confusion or excitement.

Without a single exception the officers of the regiment bore themselves gallantly, and too much cannot be said in praise of the conduct of the men. Our infirmary corps kept close on our heels and promptly removed and took care of our wounded.

J. H. BOWMAN,

Captain, Commanding Third Kentucky Regiment.

GEORGE C. HUBBARD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

7 R R-VOL XV

