
As an illustration of the troubles that overrun us, Captain Loebnitz has had 5 wagons and 70 horses for my regiment on the road from Victoria for about twenty days; at the last account they had gone into camp until the waters subsided.

Until the arrival of Captain Harrison nothing efficient could be done, although General Magruder has been urgent we should report to you at New Iberia, realizing as he does the importance of our being there. Now that funds are in hand new life and energy are imparted to all departments, and we shall march with all practicable speed. Your brigade comes to you with increased renown determined to win laurels as fresh and brilliant on the banks of the Mississippi as they gathered in Galveston and Galveston Harbor.

With great respect, yours,

JAMES REILY,

Commanding Brigade.

[Inclose No. 2.]
HEADQUARTERS SIBLEY'S BRIGADE,January 31, 1863.

GENERAL: I regret that the letter did not reach your quarters until after your departure for Galveston. If you have the time and patience to peruse it I think you will find it contains the explanation of your connection with Sibley's brigade to the extent you desired in your communication to me the 30th ultimo. It is to be a hard and difficult task to report the brigade at New Iberia. In such weather, on such roads, and with our transportation we are doing all that can be done.

Their is not an officer or man in the brigade that does not feel proud of having fought under your immediate command, and we separate with sorrow from a hero who has learned us how to conquer both on land and water.

With sentiments of highest respect,

JAMES REILY,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S. -You can forward the inclosed, if you see fit, to Lieutenant-General Holmes. The original goes to Brigadier-General Sibley.

JAMES REILY.

[Addenda.]
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Houston, Tex., February 5, 1863.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR, Comdg. Dist. of Louisiana:

GENERAL: Having understood that you attributed to me the detention of Sibley's brigade, I inclose you copies of communication from Colonel Reily, commanding brigade, showing that this was not the case, and that you did me injustice in holding such opinion. The use of a portion of Sibley's brigade in the attack on Galveston caused no delay in its departure, which the accompanying papers will show for themselves, but that, on the contrary, every facility has been afforded them to hasten their march. I would respectfully request, as you are geographically nearer to Lieutenant-General Holmes than myself, that you forward to him copies of these documents.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

