
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,Alexandria, February 22, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to the lieutenant-general commanding Tran Mississippi Department by request of Major-General Magruder.

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Part Hudson, La., February 6, 1863.

Major J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jackson, Miss.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the troops of this command have been consolidated into the following organizations:

The infantry consists of three brigades-Maxey's Beall's, and Gregg's, and the unattached companies of Lewis infantry, English's light artillery, and a battalion of dismounted Partisan Rangers, recently organized. The heavy artillery consisted of the Twelfth Louisiana Battalion, First Tennessee Battalion, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel De Gournay, and a portion of the First Alabama Regiment.

All of the unattached cavalry have been temporarily placed under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Gantt, now camped at Olive Branch, near Clinto, La., and doing all of the outpost duty and scouting toward Baton Rouge.

major Garland, with his cavalry battalion and Rhode's company, is stationed in front of Tangipahoa, picketing all of the approaches from Baton Rouge in that direction.

Lieutenant-Colonel Wigfield, having organized his battalion of Partisan Rangers, is performing all of the essential cavalry duty within the fortifications, and also has two companies upon the west side of the Mississippi River as a protection to the Signal Corps. The infantry and artillery garrisons that were at Camps Moore and Clinton have been withdrawn to this point and cavalry substituted in their places.

The two cavalry companies at Ponchatoula were ordered there by the lieutenant-general commanding and reported to Lieutenant-Colonel Shields, from whom I have been unable to obtain a report thus far.

I inclose herewith a roster of this command, and it will be seen that I have accounted for all of the troops except the two cavalry companies at Ponchatoula.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.

SHELBYVILLE, February 8, 1863.

Hon. J. G. SHORTER, Montgomery, Ala.:

The mayor of Mobile complains that General Pemberton's orders in regard to corn in Mississippi produce distress in Mobile. I cannot meddle with General Pemberton's mode of supplying his troops at this distance. Have suggested to the mayor that Southern Alabama can furnish abundance of corn. Will you suggest to him how Mobile may be supplied?

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

