
Austin, and Fayette, in which this disaffection showed itself. I hope soon to see the ordinary tribunals again in operation. The ringleaders, who have been apprehended, were by order turned over to the civil authorities, as these acts were committed prior to my declaration of martial law.

Not being able to see you, as I desired, and being averse to interfering with the industrial pursuits of the country, unless demanded by necessity, I have ordered the militia recently called out at my request to return to their homes after depositing their arms with the ordnance officer at Houston. The expulsion of the enemy from our coast made it unnecessary for them to remain longer together. Their arms will be placed in the hands of volunteers, who will be stationed at convenient places for the enforcement of order and the protection of loyal citizens, wails they will be ready at any moment to repel invasion. In the mean time the militia called out has been arranged into companies and can be assembled at very short notice. Would it not a good plan to pursue the same course in other parts of the State?

I am informed that there are a great manu deserters and stragglers in Texas from our armies in the field, and I respectfully recommend that the State brigadier-generals be ordered by Your Excellency to arrest all such and send them to the nearest military post or camp, whether conscript or not. I have ordered the provost-general to order his agents throughout the States to arrest such persons, whether officers or enlisted men, but think the aid of the State brigadier-generals would be of value.

I write in great haste and merely glance at these subjects, knowing whatever depends message and concur most heartily in your views, and in concluding cannot but express to you Governor, the sincere gratification it affords me to feel that I am supported so ably and so cordially by the Executive of the State which I am here to defend, and in whose welfare I feel so deep an interest.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General.]

MILITARY COMMANDANCY OF THE STATE OF TAMAULIPAS,

February 11, 1863.

General H. P. BEE,

Commanding Line of the Rio Grande, Fort Brown, Tex.:

SIR: I have had the honor of receiving your note dated the 5th instant. I acknowledge the satisfaction with which I have learned that you have been commissioned by your Government to cultivate relations of friendship with the Mexican Republic and to watch over the honor of the Confederate States, and I do not hesitate to believer that the commission will result to the advantage of both frontier, which, with their inhabitants, are severed, as belonging to different nations, but united in their interest. The latter are so blended, as well on account of their proximity as the exceptional circumstances, which have given rise to their commercial intercourse, that any disturbance in Texas would react on the Mexican citizens, who would be the first in feeling the effects of a change an attack on the public tranquility of this frontier.

It is therefore to the interest of the Mexican authorities to preserve the most friendly relations with those of the State of Texas and to pre

