
ities of Texas; otherwise the Republic of Mexico would be made to bear all the burden.

In the foregoing conclusions are to be embraced the complaints made by you, and the demand for the extradition for the Texan citizens who have taken part in the above-mentioned expedition. I would have no objection to consent to the latter when said individuals would be arrested; but as in so doing I should be fulfilling a treaty of extradition which is not binding on the Confederate States, because they seceded before its enactment, there would be no reciprocity. I shall then limit myself to punish them for past offenses committed on this line, and also for those which they are now guilty of under the law of nations, the same being punishable according to our statutes.

There has not been hitherto a certain rule which would direct the intercourse between both sides, of that vacillating character which they heave had for many years past. My most vehement desire is that the confraternity and the friendly harmony which should prevail in the interest of neighboring countries should rule, in order to avoid in Texas the organization of expeditions against Tamaulipas and in Tamaulipas the assembling of men to depredate in Texas. Joint efforts alone will result in the complete pacification of the two frontiers and the efficient pursuit of offenders, who under the pretext of political principles disguise their intentions to injure honest and peaceful citizens. I have therefore desired to place on a secure basis the relations of Tamaulipas with Texas, and being notified by you that you entertain similar sentiments I hope that the mutual good officers rendered by both States will effectively put an end to the crimes they have alternately suffered. I request that you communicate your ideas to me, so that, having established to the basis of an understanding, a result may be obtained favorable to the interest of the frontier of both countries.

Accept, sir, the assurances of my consideration and seem.

Liberty and reform. Heroic Matamoras.

A. LOPEZ.

ALLEYTON, [TEX.], February 11, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have just returned from visiting Colonel Hardeman at Columbus. He has been very sick, but is now recovering, and will be fit for duty in a few days. He desires met to inform the general commanding that there is one small company and a squad of from 15 to 20 men encamped in the village of Columbus, called Coopwood's battalion. It appears Coopwood had authority to raise a battalion, but failed to do so, and abandoned the attempt, so Colonel Hardman informs me, and Colonel Hardman also requests me to ask the commanding general to dismount the command and assign them to some command. They are now doing no service, but are insubordinate and committing depredations on the citizens of the village. Complaints were made to me, and I requested the officer in command, during the illness of Colonel Hardeman (Colonel Madison), to order them out of town to a new camping ground. This he informed me to-day he had done. I would respectfully recommend they should be dismounted and assigned to some corps where theine services may be made valuable. I sent the prisoners that we had in confinement at Columbus to the provost-marshals of the counties of Fayette and Austin, with direction for them to turn them over to the civil authorities. The escort were commanded by lieuten-

