
ants belonging to Captain Rountrees' company. The one who commanded the escort to La Grange, Fayette County, has returned, and informs me that on his arrival at the county seat the prisoners were turned over to a magistrate, who immediately discharged them all and permitted them to return to their homes. I sent them to the provost-marshal under the impression that the civil authorities would confine the prisoners until the district attorney (Colonel Delaney) could collect his evidence and proof and then go into trial. The escort to Austin County has not returned. I will visit La Grange, as I known (unless I am much deceived) that evidence sufficient can be procured to convict a part of them.

Colonel Hardman has ordered Captain Rountree, with his company, into Austin County, about 30 miles from here, into the disaffected district, where there is an abundance of subsistence and forage, with orders to suppress andy insurrectionary movements among the citizens by disarming and arresting them. Captain Rountree's company is composed of good men, who are subordinate, and he is a prudent man himself, who will act with discretion, and his men will not trespass on the person on property of the people.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY L. WEBB,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS,ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 35. Richmond, February 11, 1863.

* * * * * * * *

IX. Brigadier General A. G. Blanchard, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, is relieved from further service in the Conscription Department of West Louisiana, and will report to Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith at Alexandria, La., for assignment to duty.

* * * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ., No. 24. Houston, Tex., February 13, 1863.

I. Col. X. B. Debray is hereby relieved from the command of the Eastern Sub-District of Texas and is assigned to the command of Galveston Island and Virginia Point.

II. Brigadier General William R. Scurry, having reported for duty, is assigned to the command of the Eastern Sub-District of Texas:

By command of Major General J. Bankhead Magruder:

E. P. TURNER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT BROWN, February 15, 1863.

NY DEAR GENERAL: I fear you will be tired of my unofficial communications, and hope you will write me if you prefer my addressing you through the official channels.

