
all about it. I respectfully suggest that you keep this matter as quiet as possible for many reasons, but the one I offer is that is the special request of the Mexican authorities. I send you a New York paper with the "intercepted dispatches," and suggest that you inform the authorities that if they will send their mail to me I will forward by a perfectly secure conveyance on the 20th of each month from Tampico. The English steamer run regularly, and the correspondence will be safe from capture, and although slow, is more desirable than to read them in our enemy's papers.

The news from Mexico is that Forey is advancing on Pueblo. He will find two hundred pieces of cannon to meet him. The news from New York is to the 28th ultimo. No battle at Fredericksburg, but the foray of the Charleston gunboat, which broke the blockade and caused Benjamin to declared the port open. I was much pleased with the reflection that he was following your example.

Yours, truly,

H. P. BEE.

A letter from Europe says that the writer was on board of the 294; that the 293 had gone on a pleasure trip and not returned. The 291 and 292 must be out. Who sunk the Hatteras? They it was done by one of their own ships by mistake.

SIGNAL POST E,

West Baton Rouge, February 18, 1863.

General GARDNER:

One transport loaded with troops arrived at Baton Rouge yesterday; five more at Plaquemine, also with troops, on their way up. One large transport towed by two steam-tugs and loaded with provisions came up late yesterday evening. General Banks has seized all the steamboats in the river to transport troops and supplies to Baton Rouge. One transport went up Bayou Plaquemine and the Yankees report her captured by our men. The Yankees say they will attack Port Hudson in a few days with large force; also they will have a force on this side soon.

The Laurel Hill brought up 200 men (cavalry and infantry). She took corn and molasses from John Bird's plantation; scoured the country to capture us, but failed; took all our clothes, &amp;c. Threaten to return in three days. Say they six months's supply of corn and provisions now at Baton Rouge.

W. C. MILLER,

Signal Operator, Post E.

ALLEYTON, [TEX.], February 18, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I anticipated the commanding general's order on the petition of the women of Austin County, which I only received this day. It was left at the hotel at Columbus, at which place I received it. I visited the town of New Ulm and called on most of the persons who made the affidavits, and I find their statements to me differ materially from their statements to the general. They all say the injuries they received

