
were indicted by two men named MacElroy, two named Henderson, and one other a straggling soldier belonging, it is believed, to General Sibley's brigade, whose name I have not learned; but Lieutenant Stone, who commanded the detachment, says be thinks he can get it and will inform me. From what I have already learned it appears Lieutenant Stone called on the MacElroys and Henderson to lead him during the night to the houses of the disaffected German;s. The men he employed were enemies of the Germans generally, and no doubt took him to the houses of innocent persons. He divided his command into two squads, went with one himself and the other a non-commissioned officer, so as to make all the arrest at about the same time, and he says he knew nothing of the outrages being committed until some time after he had removed the prisoners and the persons who committed the crimes had left him. He denies having struck a woman with the hilt of his sword. He is apparently a mild, good man, but unfit to command, not enforcing subordination and discipline. I have no doubt but the soldiers behaved baldly by pushing the women away from their husbands and some bruises were inflicted, but they all say the serious injuries were inflicted by the guides employed by Lieutenant Stone. The lieutenant says he would have arrested these men and brought them prisoners to Columbus if he had known in time that they had committed these outrages on the women and children. I told him the officer in command was answerable for the conduct of his me and for that of all persons he employs.

Colonel Hardeman intended making all the arrests himself; started out for that purpose, was taken sick, and was compelled to return without accomplishing his object, and then sent out Lieutenant Stone (as he assured me to-day), having the greatest confidence in his discretion. I will carry out the order of the general fully. I go to the counties of Austin and Fayette in the morning, and will see all the parties complaining and look into the matter closely, and have the arrests made of all I can get hold of who were concerned, and report to the general through you on Tuesday next. I assured all the citizens of the county course I saw that the commanding general would pursue the very course he has, by ordering the arrest and punishment of all persons who trespassed on the rights and privileges of the people, and that he was the last man who would suffer violence to be used forward persons arrested or to their families.

I inclose one communication from Captain Garey, quartermaster, and one from Colonel Delaney.* Please lay them before the general for his decision and action.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY L. WEBB,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-I will have the affidavits taken anew before a disinterested justice, and get a good and reliable interpreter, as none of these persons speak English. I will endeavor to have justice done all parties.
HEADQUARTERS SIBLEY'S BRIGADE,Houston, February 18, 1863.

Lieutenant STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General Houston:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report, in obedience to instructions

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

