
diately relieved from command, and Chambliss' battalion restored to its original organization, as will be seen by my letter to the Adjutant and Inspector General dated January 16, 1863.

The whole affair was disgraceful to the service in the extreme, and was so characterized by me in a personal interview with Brigadier-General Blanchard, and in my report to Lieutenant-General Holmes I informed him that General Blanchard would be relieved as soon as an officer could be obtained to replace him. Having none at my disposal, however, I have appointed a post commander at Monroe, relieving General Blanchard from command of troops, and confining him to the duties of commandant of camps of instructions in this district, as originally assigned by order of the War Department. This was done previous to the receipt of your letter.

Under these circumstances I would respectfully suggest that further investigation is unnecessary. The only report l am able to render is that of the utter incompetency of Brigadier-General Blanchard for any command, and to this effect I have previously expressed myself to the Department.

In justice, however, to Colonel Pargoud and the officers and men under him I would state that since this affair and before the receipt of the order disbanding the regiment much actively has been displayed and good service performed by them in several instances. Colonel Pargoud from the beginning has given evidence of possessing ability and soldierly qualities, and had succeeded in reducing the regiment to a good state of discipline. I am convinced that the unfortunate results above alluded to are attributable chiefly to the incompetency of Brigadier-General Blanchard.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR.

[Indorsements.]

SECRETARY OF WAR:

What is the present position of General Blanchard and what action is recommended?

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

APRIL 1, 1863.

CONSCRIPT BUREAU:

Is General Blanchard still in command of conscript camp in Louisiana or otherwise charged with the execution of the conscript law in Louisiana?

J. A. SEDDON.

BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION,

April 3, 1863.

Respectfully returned to the honorable Secretary of War, with the information that by a special order from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, No. 35, February 11, 1863. General Blanchard was relieved from conscript duty in Louisiana and ordered to report to Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith for assignment to duty. Colonel Waggaman has been ordered to duty as commandant of conscript in the place of General Blanchard, relieved.

G. J. RAINS,

Brigadier-General, Superintendent.

