
COLUMBUS, February 23, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to lay before the major-general commanding the accompanying report of Lieutenant Wheeler, who was detailed by me to investigate the charges made by certain German citizens against Lieutenant Stone.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

P. HARDEMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Arizona Brigade.

[Inclosure.]

Report of Lieutenant J. Wheeler concerning certain charges preferred against Lieutenant R. H. Stone by certain German citizens of New Ulm and its vicinity.

COLUMBUS, February 23, 1863.

I have visited the following-named citizens and investigated the matter of Lieutenant Stone's conduct among them as thoroughly as it lay in my power to do: Messrs.- Rouge, - Mitauk, - Honbold, Z. Darbro, - Wagner, justice of the peace.

I visited the above-named citizens and conversed with them through an interpreter relative to the maltreatment reported to have been imposed upon them by Lieutenant R. H. Stone or men under his command. They all state that they received no abuse whatever at the hands of Lieutenant Stone or any of his men, and that they all acted gentlemanly and with utmost propriety. Mrs. Rouge, the lady who is reported to have been so badly misused, state that she received no injury at the hands of Lieutenant Stone, and she does not think from any of the men under his command; that Lieutenant Stone did not come into her house, and that she was injured, but to the best of her knowledge the injury she received was at the hands of men who were not under Lieutenant Stone's command, but were citizens, neighbors, living in that vicinity, and not from any of Lieutenant Stone's command; that she was knocked down, not by any of Lieutenant Stone's command, and that she received one or two scratches from a bayonet, whether it was thrust at her or whether in the confusion of he moment, which she thinks most likely, she ran against, it, she cannot tell; that she received a wound in the forehead by being struck with the butt of a gun, but says the blow was not aimed at her; that being excited and alarmed for her husband's safety she accidentally ran against it; and that she is confident, from the general conduct and demeanor of the lieutenant and the men of his command, that they indented no injury or insult to her whatever.

The citizens above mentioned also stated that Lieutenant Stone acted in no way unbecoming an officer and a gentleman-he nor any one of his command; that they wish no injustice done him, and if the above statement of facts is not sufficient to clear him of any imputation upon his honor as an officer that they can make affidavit to abundant testimony that will.

They state, however, that there some citizens along from the neighborhood, who did not appear to be under command of any one, who acted in a very ungentlemanly manner; they recognized in those parties their immediate neighbors, and state that, if any blame whatever could attach to Lieutenant Stone, it might be that he did not

