
Morganza. I have ordered a force in two steamboats to drive back their advance and cut the levees.

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LA. ARMY, ADJT. GENN.' OFFICE, No. 10. Alexandria, February 25, 1863.

I. Brigadier General John G. Pratt, commanding District of South and East Louisiana, and Brigadier General Thomas E. Vick, commanding District of North Louisiana, will immediately take such measures for the organization of the militia in their respective districts as the most ample discretion under the law may justify.

II. A portion of the militia of each parish, not to exceed one-half of those liable to military duty under the act approved January 3, 1863, shall be ordered into active service by them as soon as practicable.

III. Proper precautions will be taken that a sufficient number of men shall be left at home for domestic security and to insure the cultivation of the annual crops.

IV. The privilege of volunteering is extended in each individual case until the individual is placed by call or draft in service as a militia-man.

By command of Thomas O. Moore, Governor and commander-in-chief:

JOHN. H. BERNOS,

Assistant Adjutant-General Louisiana.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Fort Brown, February 25, 1863.

Major A. G. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston, Tex.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose copies of my correspondence with Governor Lopez to this date:

No. 1. My letter to Governor Lopez inclosing basis or arrangement.

No. 2. Governer Lopez's answer.

No. 3. Relates to a proposed secret article for mutual rendition of fugitives from justice.

No. 4. Governor Lopez's letter inclosing final arrangements.

No. 5. Articles of agreement.

The secret article (No. 6) will be accepted, but a further communication will be sent relieving the arrangement of any doubt as to my acknowledging the Cortin treaty of extradition. These arrangements, if properly carried out, will insure the-peace, of the frontier, and I shall take care that they are fulfilled by both sides. I shall at once issued the necessary orders to comply with my portion of the agreement.

I regret to say the there still remains a cause of difficulty that I cannot settle and which will inevitably tend to trouble. I have lost 15 men (conscripts) by desertion in the last three days; they cross the river (which is very low) notwithstanding all my vigilance, and when in Mexico are protected by the United States consul and made to take an oath of allegiance and service, upon which they are fed and clothed until they can be shipped to the United States. I have had interviews with the Mexican authorities on the subject, and they say that the consul

