
make the persons arrested responsible for the value thereof. Likewise the authorities of Texas will do all in their to recover any property stolen from the Government of the Republic by the forces under Jose Ma. Carrazal during the last contest maintained by him at the end of year before last and the beginning of last in the territory of the State of Tamaulipas.

Signed by the contracting parties at their respective offices the 25th day of the month of February, 1863.

[Inclosure No. 6.]

An additional and secret article of the agreement concluded between the civil and military commandant of the State of Tamaulipas, Don Albino Lopez, and Hamilton P. Bee, brigadier-genera, Confederate Army, commanding the Western Sub-District of Texas.

Any person who may commit the offense of murder, arson, embezzlement, robbery, cattle or horse stealing, or larceny of chattels or personal property of the value of $20 or more in either of the two States, and who shall escape to the other, shall be delivered over to authorities of the place where the offense was committed when the commission of the same shall be proved such in a manner that, according to the laws of the States where the fugitive and accused person may be found, he would be lawfully arrested and tried if he had committed the crime in that State.

Signed by the contracting parties at their respective offices the 25th day of the month of February, 1863.
HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Fort Brown, February 26, 1863.

Don ALBINO LOPEZ,

Civil and Military Commandant of the State of Tamaulipas,

Matamoras, Mexico:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose the articles of agreement for the pacification of the frontier, to be in force when the signatures are exchange, which are in substance the same as those received from your officer with your last communication.

In accordance with the observations submitted to me in your polite note alluded to concerning the extradition of criminals, I offer a proposition, herewith inclosed, wholly conforming to the ideas suggested by you, at the same time protesting that I cannot recognize the existence of an extradition treaty between the Unites States and the Mexican Republic as binding on the Confederate States. It suffices me that the object of our agreement be honorable and beneficial to both the sections we represent, without inquiring into any motives which may influence the Mexican authorities founded upon the relations existing between them and a nation with whom we are at war.

I repeat, sir, the assurance of my esteem and distinguished consideration.

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

