HEADQUARTERS,Port Hudson, La., February 27, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel GANTT,

Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that he has information that the enemy will try and cut off your advance pickets around Baton Rouge. This information is reliable.

He also has information that the enemy are sending scouting parties out toward Bayon Manchac in the night of 100 men. They were out on last Thursday and Friday.

The major-general commanding directs that you make a thorough examination of the capture of Captain McLean and Sergeant Moore, which you will report to these headquarters.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

--,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT, &amp;c.,February 27, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. A.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that Sibley's brigade has been on the march since the 10th February, but is progressing very slowly, on account of the swollen condition of the streams in this district and the impassable condition of the roads. The report of Col. James Reily, commanding the brigade, explaining the cause of his delay, has been sent to Lieutenant-General Holmes at Little Rock, and also to Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith at Alexandria, La., with the request that it be transmitted to you.

I have the honor to, be very respectfully, &c.,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

The movement of Sibley's brigade to Louisiana has not been impeded by any order from these headquarters, but, on the contrary, every effort has been made to facilitate and hasten its speedy march to Opelousas.

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Port Hudson, February 28, 1863.

Lieutenant Col. J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jackson, Miss.:

I have the honor to inclose herewith the report of Lieutenant-Colonel Brand of the gunboat engagement below Vicksburg on the night of the 24th.*

I have also to report that I sent and expedition under Colonel Miles to meet an advance of the enemy from Rosedale toward Morganza.

---------------

* Reference is to Brand's report of the capture of the Indianola. It will appear in Series I, VOL. XXIV.

---------------

