
No. 13. Report of Captain William E. Standart, Battery B, First Ohio Light Artillery.

SOMERSET, January 26, 1862.

SIR: On the morning of the 19th, at 7 a.m., heard pickets firing in the advance of the Tenth Indiana camp. My horses being in harness, ordered one section, under charge of Lieutenant Bennett, on the road by the Tenth Indiana camp. Moved two sections through the fields. Advanced into the woods. At this time, finding a by-road on our right, went with the left section on the road, when I was ordered out by Colonel Manson. Lieutenant Bennett at this time was compelled to fall back. At this time got my battery together. Got position on ridge. Fired some 20 shell over the woods. The enemy falling back, moved my battery forward and fired at such parties as could be seen. Moved to within three-quarters of a mile of the fortification, having position on a hill. Shelled the entrenchment until dark. Remained in our position until daylight. Monday, the 20th, advanced with the column through the entrenchments. Shelled the camps over the river. Expended 213 Hotchkiss shell and 11 spherical case. No casualties to report.

Yours, very respectfully,

W. E. STANDART,

Captain Company B, First Regiment Light Artillery, Ohio Vols.

Brigadier-General THOMAS.

No. 14. Report of Captain Dennis Kenny, Jr., Battery C, First Ohio Light Artillery.

JANUARY 25, 1862.

SIR: On the morning of January 19 my battery was encamped at Logan's Cross-Roads, and was turned out about 7 a.m. by the reports of sharp firing by the out-pickets of the Tenth Indiana Regiment. I placed my battery in position on a ridge running parallel with the belt of woods in which our forces were engaging the enemy, and about 20 yards distant, to cover the Tenth Indiana, which I was informed was falling back. I subsequently retired one section to the high knoll near the Somerset road to the open field where the battle appeared to be the heaviest. My pieces unlimbered in the lower corner of the open corn field and delivered seven effective shots [James shell] upon a regiment of Mississippians, who were then advancing in line to charge our forces in the edge of the timber on the right of the field. No supporting infantry except a few of the Fourth Kentucky were near, and as the enemy approached they retired under cover of the timber, when it was deemed advisable to withdraw the section, which was done in good order.

When the firing ceased I sent forward for orders to move my battery, and upon the receipt of orders to move my battery to the front attempted to do so, but was prevented by the blocking up of the road by another battery. Upon our arrival in front of the rebel entrenchments I was assigned a position on an eminence to the left of our main position,

