
both severely wounded. On the 5th, 6th, 7th, and 8th we were employed crossing, by aid of a few boats we had constructed (finding a strong position in the bend of the river on the north side), leaving two regiments, some cavalry, nd two pieces of artillery on the south position of the east bank of fishing Creek, 11 miles north of us. The bed of the creek is a deep ravine, 200 to 300 feet deep, the summit-level on one side being distant form that on the other side from three quarters of a mile to one and a half miles. They also had a force a lower crossing, 7 miles form us. Both crossings were on roads leading to Somerset. On the 7th we found that they had fallen back from both positions, and learned that they were entrenching 2 miles beyond somerset. On the 8th our cavalry pushed across the creek at the upper crossing, met a cavalry and infantry picket at the fortifications, drove them to the enemy's camp near Somerset, killing 10 or 12 and capturing 17 prisoners, all of the Thirty-fifth Ohio Regiment, except 1 of the First Kentucky Cavalry. Our loss, 1 man wounded and 2 horses killed. Our party captured a number of muskets, pistols, accouterments, articles of wearing apparel, &amp;c.

On the scout side of the rive I have had the ferries patrolled with cavalry from the forks of the Cumberland down to Burkesville. On the - our picket at Creelsborough was fired at across the rive and by some men in a boat. They killed 2 in the boat, and lost a horse. On the 9th and 10th the enemy on the north bank fired across the rive at our cavalry patrolling Rowena, 30 miles below here. I determined to punish them, and sent down an expedition on the north bank on the 11th, which dispersed the enemy, killing 3 and capturing 11. Our only loss was I man drowned in attempting to cross the river. Last night a party of our cavalry, who had crossed the south Fork of the Cumberland, were fired on, losing 1 man killed and 1 wounded. It being difficult to keep them here safely, I to-day sent 33 prisoners of war to Nashville, retaining I too badly wounded to move at present. General Johnston had orders a steamboat to Gainesborough on the 18th, loaded with supplies for this brigade, on which the prisoners will take passage. This county is abundant in flour, pork, beef, and many other supplies. There are from eight to ten regiments of the enemy at Somerset, five at Columbia. I have four and a half regiments on this side entrenched - flanks and rear protected by the river - and two regiments on the south bank. Major-General Crittenden has assumed command of this district, and is at Knoxville.

Very respectfully,

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Brigadier-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

DECEMBER 4-7, 1861. - Expedition to and destruction of Bacon Creek Bridge, Ky.

Report of Captain John H. Morgan, Kentucky Cavalry (Confederate).

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in pursuance of orders, I left camp on Wednesday last, at 4 p. m. with 105 men, and reached Green

