
their haversacks. One company of the Second Division, armed with rifles, will be ordered to report to Flag-Officer Foote, as sharpshooters, on board the gunboats.

By order

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

No. 4. Report of Brigadier General John A. McClernand, U. S. Army, commanding First Division.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, Fort Foote, February 10, 1862.

GENERAL: Following is the report of the operations of the First Division of the advance forces, under my command, from the date of their embarkation at Cairo, on the 2nd instant, to the date of their marching from Fort Henry, on the Tennessee River, to this place

The division consisted of the First and Second Brigades of the Army of the District of Cairo, of which you were chief.

The First Brigade, commanded by Colonel R. J. Oglesby, acting as brigadier, was composed of the Eighth, Lieutenant Colonel F. L. Rhoads; Eighteenth, Colonel M. K. Lawler; Twenty-ninth, Colonel James S. Rearden; Thirtieth, Lieutenant Colonel E. S. Dennis, and Thirty-first Regiments, Colonel John A. Logan; Stewart's, Dollins', O'Harnett's, and Carmichael's cavalry companies; Schwartz's battery, Lieutenant G. C. Gumbart, commanding, and Dresser's battery of James rifled pieces.

The Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel W. H. L. Wallace, was composed of the Eleventh, Lieutenant Colonel T. E. G. Ransom; Twentieth, Colonel C. C. Marsh; Forty-fifth, Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Maltby, and Forty-eighth Regiments, Colonel I. N. Haynie; Fourth Cavalry, Colonel T. Lyle Dickey, and Taylor's and McAllister's batteries; all Illinois volunteers, except a few men in Schwartz's battery.

The staff of the First Division consisted of the following officers: Major M. Brayman, Twenty-ninth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain A. Schwartz, light artillery, acting chief of staff; Captain Warren Stewart, Independent Cavalry, acting aide; Captain James Dunlap, assistant quartermaster and aide; H. P. Stearns, surgeon and acting aide; Lieutenant Henry C. Freeman, acting engineer and aide; Lieutenant William H. Heath, acting assistant commissary of subsistence and aide; Lieutenant E. S. Jones, Twenty-seventh Regiment, ordnance officer and aide.

Arriving at Paducah at 3 o'clock p.m. of the 2dd instant in advance of the transports bearing my division, I awaited their coming up, and in the mean time sought an interview with you, in which you instructed me to continue my advance up the Tennessee River. Prescribing the order in which the transports should proceed and preceded by two gunboats, assigned by Flag-Officer Foote as a convoy, we immediately started, and without accident or delay disembarked at Intra Landing, in Tennessee, 8 miles below Fort Henry, at 4.30 o'clock a.m. next day.

At the moment of disembarking I issued the following field order, viz

Commanders of brigades, before landing their troops, will cause one company of infantry to be detailed for the purpose of affording protection and other assistance to

