
No. 8. Reports of Brigadier General Lloyd Tilghman, C. S. Army, commanding Fort Henry.

FORT HENRY, TENN., February 7, 1862.

Through the courtesy of Brigadier General U. S. Grant, commanding Federal forces, I am permitted to communicate with you in relation to the result of the action between the fort under my command at this place and the Federal gunboats on yesterday.

At 11.40 o'clock on yesterday morning the enemy engaged the fort with seven gunboats, mounting fifty-four guns. I promptly returned their fire with eleven guns bearing on the river. The action was maintained with great bravery by the force under my command until 1.50 p.m., at which time I had but four guns fit for service. At 1.55 p.m., finding it impossible to maintain the fort and wishing to spare the lives of the gallant men under my command, on consultation with my officers I surrendered the fort. Our casualties are small. The effect of our shot was severely felt by the enemy, whose superior and overwhelming force alone gave them the advantage.

The surrender of Fort Henry involved that of Captain Taylor and Lieutenants Watts and Weller, and one other officer of artillery; Captains Hayden and Miller, of the Engineers; Capts. H. L. Jones and McLaughlin, quartermaster's department, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General McConnico and myself, with some 50 privates and 20 sick, together with all the munitions of war in and about the fort. I communicate this result with deep regret, but feel that I performed my whole duty in the defense of my post.

I take occasion to bear testimony to the gallantry of the officers and men under my command. They sustained their position with consummate bravery as long as there was any hope of success. I also take great pleasure in acknowledging the courtesy and consideration shown by Brigadier General U. S. Grant and Commander Foote and the officers under their command.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LLOYD TILGHMAN,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

RICHMOND, VA., August 9, 1862.

GENERAL: Inclosed you will please find a copy of my official report of the bombardment of Fort Henry, on February 6, 1862, by the Federal fleet, together with accompanying papers. The original of this report was forwarded from Alton, Ill., but, not having reached your office, I have prepared a copy of the same at the earliest moment practicable since my release from Fort Warren, Mass.

I remain, respectfully, your obedience servant,

LLOYD TILGHMAN,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army, Commanding.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General C. S. Army.

[Inclosure.]

FEBRUARY 12, 1862.

SIR: My communication of the 7th instant, sent from Fort Henry, having announced the fact of the surrender of that fort to Commodore

