
the Cumberland River or is prepared to do so at the approach of any superior force. Any more formidable demonstration against him would only harass my troops and derange my plans. I am letting him along for the present.

McCook reports the rebels attacked my pickets in front of the railroad bridge at 2 p. m. to-day. The picket consisted of four companies of the Thirty-second Indiana, Colonel Willich, under Lieutenant-Colonel Von Trebra. Their forces consisted of one regiment Texas Rangers, two regiments infantry, one battery, six guns. Our loss, Lieutenant Sachs and 8 enlisted men killed and 16 wounded. The rebel loss, 33 killed, including Colonel Terry, of Texas, and about 50 wounded. The rebels ingloriously retreated.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, February 8, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith the official report of a skirmish at Rowlett's Station, south of Green River, Kentucky, on the 17th of December, 1861, between a portion of Colonel Willich's Thirty-second Regiment of Indiana Volunteers (German), and a brigade of the enemy under General Hindman. The gallantry displayed by the Thirty-second Indiana on the occasion has been noticed in general orders from these headquarters, a copy of which is inclosed of file with this letter and the report. Colonel Willich was at the time on other duty, and the troops engaged were commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Von Trebra, whose skill and gallantry on the field merit the distinction of the brevet rank of colonel.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, No. 23 Louisville, Ky., December 27, 1861.

The general commanding takes pleasure in bringing to notice the gallant conduct of a portion of Colonel Willich's regiment, Thirty-second Indiana, at Rowlett's Station, in front of Munfordville, on the 17th instant.

Four companies of the regiment, under Lieutenant-Colonel Von Trebra, on outpost duty, were attacked by a column of the enemy, consisting of one regiment of cavalry, a batter of artillery, and two regiments of infantry. They defended themselves until re-enforced by other companies of the regiment, and the fight was continued with such effect that the enemy at length retreated precipitately.

The attack of the enemy was mainly with his cavalry and artillery. Our troops fought as skirmishers, rallying rapidly into squares when charged by the cavalry, sometimes even defending themselves singly and killing their assailants with the bayonet.

