
FEBRUARY 6-10, 1862.-Expedition to Florence, Ala.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Hanry W. Halleck, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Commander S. L. Phelps, U. S. Navy.

Numbers 3.-A. J. Hopper, Superintendent Eastern Division Mississippi and Charleston Railroad.

Numbers 4.-J. G. Norman.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Henry W. Halleck, U. S. army.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., February 12, 1862.

The gunboats sent up Tennessee have just returned, after a most successful trip to Florence, in Alabama. Another expedition is moving up Cumberland, under Flag-Officer Foote. I subjoin the telegram of Lieutenant-Commander Phelps

We have returned to this point from an entirely successful expedition to Florence at foot of the Muscle Shoals, Ala. The rebels were forced to burn six steamers, and we captured two others, beside the half-complete gunboat Eastport. The steamers burned were freighted with rebel military stores. The Eastport has about 250,000 feet of lumber on board. Captured 200 stand of arms and a quantity of clothing and stores, and destroyed the encampment of Colonel Drew at Savannah, Tenn. Found the Union sentiment strong.

H. W. HALLECK.

Major-General McCLELLAN.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Commander S. L. Phelps, U. S. Navy.

U. S. GUNBOAT CONESTOGA,

Tennessee River, February 10, 1862.

SIR: Soon after the surrender of Fort Henry, on the 6th instant, I proceeded, in obedience to your orders, up the Tennessee River, with the Tyler, Lieutenant-Commander Gwin; Lexington, Lieutenant-Commander Shirk, and this vessel, forming a division of the flotilla, and arrived after dark at the railroad crossing, 25 miles above the fort, having destroyed on the way a small amount of camp equipage abandoned by the fleeting rebels. The drew of the bridge was found closed and the machinery for turning it disabled. About 1 1/2 miles above were several rebel transport steamers escaping upstream. A party was landed, and in one hour I had the satisfaction to see the drew open. The Tyler being the slowest of the gunboats, Lieutenant-Commander Shirk to follow me with all speed in chase of the fleeing boats. In five hours this boat succeeded in forcing the rebels to abandon and burn three of these boats, loaded with military stores. The first one fired (Samuel Orr) had on board a quantity of submarine batteries, which very soon exploded. The second one was freighted with powder, cannon shot, grape, balls, &amp;c. Fearing an explosion from the

