
[CHAP. XVII.

were those who had fought under the Stars and Stipes at Monterey who in this manner testified to their joy. This display of feeling and sense of gladness at our success and the hopes it created in the breasts of so many people in the heart of the Confederacy astonished us not a little, and I assure you, sir, I would not have failed to witness it for any consideration. I think it has given us all a higher sense of the sacred character of our present duties. I was assured at Savannah that of the several hundred troops there ore than one half, had we gone to the attack in time, would have hailed us as deliverers and gladly enlisted with the national force. In Tennessee the people generally in their enthusiasm braved secessionists and spoke their views freely, but in Mississippi and Alabama what was said was guarded. "if we dared express ourselves freely, you would hear such a shout greeting your coming as you never heard." "We know there are many Unionists among us, but a reign of terror makes us afraid of our shadows." We were told, too, "Bring us a small organized force, with arms and ammunition for us, and we can maintain our position and put down rebellion in our midst." There were, it is true, whole communities who on our approach fled to the woods, but these were there was less of the loyal element, and where the fleeing steamers in advance has spread tales of our coming with fire-brands, burning, destroying, ravishing, and plundering.

The crews of these vessels have had a very laborious time, but have evinced a spirit in the work highly creditable to them. Lieutenant-Commanders Gwin and Shirk have been untiring, and I owe to them and to their officers many obligations for our entire success.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. L. PHELPS,

Lieutenant-Commander, U. S. Navy.

Flag-Officer A. H. FOOTE, U. S. NAVY,

Commanding Naval Forces Western Waters.

Numbers 3. Report of A. J. Hopper, Superintendent Eastern Division Memphis and Charleston Railroad.

HUNTSVILLE, February 8, 1862.

General JOHNSTON

The Federal gunboats have landed at Florence, 5 miles from Tuscumbia and 48 miles west of Decatur; are marching on Tuscumbia; how many boats or men there are not known.

The citizens here have one brass 6-pounder in order, and the M. and C. R. R. one Parrott rifled 6-pounder and carriage, but not wheels; also one not mounted at all.

A company of men with infantry arms go from here some time to-night to assistant of Tuscumbia.

Can you give us any information, orders, or relief? Our trains, except one, are out of their reach, and that one may be for what we can learn.

A. J. HOPPER,

Superintendent Eastern Division M. and C. R. R.

