
Numbers 4. Report of J. G. Norman. TUSCUMBIA, ALA., February 9, 1862.

Enemy's gunboats (two in number) came to Florence yesterday. Two steamers were burned below Eastport, three others at Florence were burned by the owners, and another scuttled and sunk, to prevent thier falling into enemy's hands. The enemy also captured a considerable amount of Government stores at Florence and two steamboats. Gunboats retired down the river last night. The railroad bridge at Florence was not destroyed. The enemy disclaimed any intention to destroy private property. The enemy disclaimed any intention to destroy private property. It was rumored here to-day that the enemy were landing troops in force at Eastport to destroy the bridge at Big Bear Creek; this is not credited here. Colonel Chalmers is guarding that bridge with portions of his and Colonel Looney's regiments. Since the fall of Fort Henry there is nothing to prevent the enemy during high water from ascending the Tennessee with their gunboats and invading North Alabama and North Mississippi.

J. G. NORMAN.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN.

FEBRUARY 12-16, 1862.-Siege and Capture of Fort Donelson, Tennessee.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General U. S. Grant, U. S. Army, commanding army in the field.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Colonel James B. McPherson, U. S. Army, Chief Engineer.

Numbers 3.-Colonel J. D. Webster, U. S. Army, Chief of Staff.

Numbers 4.-Flag-Officer A. H. Foote, U. S. Navy, of engagement February 14.

Numbers 5.-Return of casualties in the army commanded by Brigadier-General Grant.

Numbers 6.-Brigadier General John A. McClernand, U. S. Army, commanding First Division.

Numbers 7.-Colonel Richard J. Oglesby, Eighty Illinois Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 8.-Lieutenant Colonel Frank L. Rhoads, Eighth Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 9.-Captain Samuel B. Marks, Eighteenth Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 10.-Captain Jasper M. Dresser, Battery A, Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 11.-Colonel William H. L. Wallace, Eleventh Illinois Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 12.-Lieutenant Colonel T. E. G. Ransom, Eleventh Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 13.-Colonel C. C. Marsh, Twentieth Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 14.-Colonel John E. Smith, Forty-fifth Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 15.-Colonel Isham N. Haynie, Forty-eighth Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 16.-Captain Edwards McAllister, Battery D, First Illinois Light Artillery.

Numbers 17.-Captain Ezra Taylor, Battery B, First Illinois Light Artillery.

Numbers 18.-Colonel Leonard F. Ross, Seventeenth Illinois Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 19.-Colonel William R. Morrison, Forty-ninth Illinois Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 20.-Major Francis M. Smith, Seventeenth Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 21.-Colonel John McArthur, Twelfth Illinois Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Second Division.

Numbers 22.-Lieutenant Colonel Augustus L. Chetlain, Twelve Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 23.-Colonel Isaac C. Pugh, Forty-first Illinois Infantry.

