
The general tenders his thanks to the officers and soldiers of the regiment for their gallant and efficient conduct on this occasion. He commends it as a study and example to all other troops under his command, and enjoins them to emulate the discipline and instruction which insure such results.

The name of "Rowlett's Station" will be inscribed on the regimental colors of the Thirty-second Indiana Regiment.

By command of Brigadier-General Buell

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Alexander McD. McCook, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DEVISION, CAMP WOOD,December 25, 1861.

CAPTAIN: Please find inclosed the official report of Colonel August Wilich, Thirty-second Indiana, of the affair in front of the railroad bridge over Green River. I would respectfully call the attention of the general commanding to the gallantry and good judgment of Lieutenant Colonel Von Tebra, of said regiment, during the action. The regiment behaved well; all present distinguished themselves.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding Second Division.

Captain J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

No. 3. Report of Colonel August Willich, Thirty-second Indiana Infantry.

My regiment had, as usual, two companies on the south of Green River for the protection of the repairing of the railroad bridge across the Green River. The bridge built by our pontoniers being finished on the evening of the 15th instant, the former order to defend our work in case of an attack principally form the north side of the river was changed in such a manner that four companies, deployed as skirmishers, should form on the north side of Green River, while the remaining four should advance over the bridge to the south side as support of our pickets.

At 12 o'clock on the 17th of December the right wind of our picket chain (Company B, Captain Glass) was annoyed by skirmishers of the enemy. Captain Glass sent out a patrol that drove them back and followed them up with the balance of his company. About a mile from the picket chain he met a company of the enemy's infantry, whom he saluted with a volley, upon which they retreated in haste. Owing to the arrival of large forces of infantry, who had by this time made their appearance, he was obliged to retreat, executing the same in good order, until re-enforcements

