
arrived. During this maneuver Company C advanced on the left of the pike from Woodsonville in a southward direction. There they were attacked by a company of Texas Rangers, whom they derive back. At the same time the signal of alarm was given go the remainder of the regiment and was answered with astonishing alacrity. In their anxiety to hasten to the relief of the companies that were in danger the company commanders failed to obey the instruction given by me, and all of them rushed over the bridge and up the hill, there forming in our usual position at alarm - in close column. The undersigned being at the time of the general alarm at the headquarters of the division, Lieutenant-Colonel Von Trebra ordered Companies K, G, and F to the support of Company B on the right wing, and Companies A and I to the support of Company C on the left wing, and Companies E and H and a few men of Company D as reserve to follow along the pike, under command of Major Schnackenberg, in the usual distance. The infantry of the enemy on both wings were thrown by the mere advance of our lines of skirmishers. But now ensued the most earnest and bloody part of the struggle.

With lightning speed, under infernal yelling, great numbers of Texas Rangers rushed upon our whole force. They advanced as near as 15 or 20 yards to our lines, some of them even between them, and then opened fire with rifles and revolvers. Our skirmishers took the thing very coolly and permitted them to approach very close, when they opened a destructive fire on them. They were repulsed under severe loss, but only after Lieutenant Sachs, who left his covered position with one platoon, was surrounded by about 50 Rangers, several of them demanding of his three times to give up his sword and left his men lay down their arms. He firmly refused, and defended himself till he fell, with 3 of hi men, before the attack was repulsed.

Lieutenant-Colonel Von Trebre now led on another advance of the center and left flank, when he drew down on his forces a second charge of the Rangers in larger numbers, charging into the very ranks, some dashing through to the rear, which might have proved disastrous to Companies C and I had not Company H, commanded by Lieutenants Cappell and Levy, nd ordered forward by Adjutant Schmott form the reserve on the pike, advanced with a hurrah towards the Rangers and repulsed them. At this moment the artillery of the enemy whit six guns commenced its well-directed but not damaging fire. Their balls and shrapnell were thrown with great precision towards the reserve companies and skirmishers near the pike, but only a few men were hurt, and those by splinters from trees and fences. Among others, our undaunted and ever-attentive Assistant Surgeon Jeancon was struck by the branch of a tree and stupefied for a short time.

While this happened, the struggle on the right flank was not less severe. Companies F, K, and B were thrown out as skirmishers, Company G in column as support. The Rangers advanced within 15 yards, and then fired with shot-huns and revolvers. Our skirmishers made great havoc among them, but finally retreated behind the square formed by Company G, Captain Welschibillig. Now a fight ensued such as seldom occurs. The Rangers, about 150 to 200, thinking they could ride over that small squad of 50 men, attacked them in front and left flank, Captain Welschbillig suffered them to approach within 20 yards, and then fired a deadly volley at them. they retreated, but only after having discharged their guns and rifles at our men. They charged a second time, and engaged in front and both flanks. Several of them came close to our bayonets. A well-aimed volley sent them back again. They made a third but weak charge, which resulted more disastrously to them than

2 R R-VOL VII

