
the former. They now disappeared in wild disorder from the battle-ground. In their place a regiment of infantry, the band playing, advanced against the small squad. Captain Welschbillig fell back before them with his men in good order, to form with Companies I and B, Company K holding the rear. At this moment the undersigned arrived and took command of the right wing. Seeing the danger that threatened the regiment in case the enemy's infantry (two regiments) would throw our right wing and advance on the line of retreat on the left wing, I ordered the signal "fall back slowly" to be given and formed the companies. Companies B and G fell in quickest. Company K guarded the rear. The forming of Companies B and G very likely gave rise to the enemy's belief of a re-enforcement on our right. At the same time Company A, till then delayed by their flanking movement, appeared on the enemy's right wing, on our left, when their artillery retreated in haste. The cavalry had disappeared from the battle-ground, and the infantry holding it until the undesigned, Lieutenant-Colonel Von Trebra, a company (B) of the Forty-ninth Ohio, and Adjutant Schmitt, with a squad of men from my regiment, arrived to collect the dead and wounded, which were carried home under the protection of said forces. I cannot pass thick without expressing my heartfelt thanks to Colonels Gibson and Harrison and their regiments, who volunteered to assist us in searching for our dead and wounded, and who took position against the enemy, giving our men help and protection.

In the fight participated 3 field, 1 staff, and 16 officers of the line, 23 sergeants, and 375 men. The force of the enemy consisted of one regiment Texas Rangers, two regiments infantry, and one battery, consisting of six guns. Our loss is, 1 officer and 10 men dead, 22 wounded, and 5 missing. The latter I hope to be able to report as wounded, and after whom I have to-day sent Lieutenant Mank, Company A, with a flag of truce.

According to the reports of our surgeons several of the wounded are beyond the hope of recovery. Yesterday the enemy reported his loss 40 killed and ours 200 killed. I venture to say that he lost in same proportion more than 40 as we lost less than 200.

It would be difficult for me to distinguish special names for their brave conduct, as this might be interpreted that others did not deserve the same praise. Every officer actually engaged distinguished himself by his coolness, courage, and judgment. Lieutenant Sachs gave way too much to his courage and advanced too hastily and too soon, which caused our morning over his loss and that of several brave soldiers of his platoon.

As stated above, our assistant surgeon, Jeancon, was on the battle-ground, while our first surgeon, F. Krauth, discharged his duties faithfully at the hospital. Captains Giegoldt and Kodalle, Lieutenants Schutz, Trenck, and Kimmel were on the sick list. Lieutenant Knorr was on guard duty, and Lieutenant Pietzuch guarding the bridge with his pontoniers.

The noble conduct of some surgeons of the rebels I cannot pass with silence, although I am unable to give their names. They dressed the wounds of 3 of our men and sent them back to us in a farmer's wagon. On our part, Lieutenant Mank, of Company A, permitted 4 men of the rebel force to carry off the corpse of Colonel Terry, of the Texas Rangers, and several wounded men.

If I take into consideration that my regiment engaged successfully a force at least seven times as strong as our own, consisting of the selected

