
fell into our hands. In short, an army with all its material of war was lost and won.

It is but just and proper that I should bear testimony to the good conduct of my command, all of whom bore themselves with rare and admirable fortitude, courage, and constancy. Colonels Oglesby and Wallace, of the First and Second Brigades of my division, and Colonel McArthur, of the Second [First] Brigade of General Smith's division, temporarily under my command, occupying positions in near proximity to formidable works and batteries and at the points of assault during the principal conflict, were necessarily greatly exposed, but maintained their ground throughout the struggle, directing and inspiring their men by their skill and courageous example. Colonel Ross, Colonel Haynie, and Colonel Morrison, who were in command of brigades of detached regiments during the various engagements, behaved with great gallantry and good judgment. Major John P. Post, of the Eighth, while gallantry breasting the assault of the enemy on the morning of the 15th, was stunned by a spent ball and carried off insensible by the enemy, and has not since been recovered. Colonel Noble, of the Second, and Colonel Dickey, of the Fourth Cavalry, ably sustained by Major Mudd and Lieutenant Colonel McCullough, rendered valuable service. Captains Carmichael, Dollins, O'Harnett, and Lieutenant King, of the cavalry, distinguished themselves for their activity and zeal. After what has been said, it is hardly necessary to add that the artillery performed a material and conspicuous part in the four days' siege, or to bear testimony to what is already sufficiently obvious-the skill, courage, and efficiently of Captains McAllister, Taylor, Dresser, Lieutenant Gumbart, and the officer (name not reported) commanding a section of Major Cavender's battalion, and the officers and men under their commands.

Turning from this grateful topic, I am pained to notice a disgraceful occurrence of which Major Mudd was the unhappy victim. After the surrender, while performing an act of kindness at the request of one of two or three countrymen, one of the party dropped behind and shot him in the back, inflicting a severe, but I trust not mortal, wound.

The members of my staff seconded my efforts and carried my orders with courageous zeal. Major Brayman, my assistant adjutant-general though in feeble health, performed the duties of his office with fidelity self-possession, and active and during courage. Captain Schwartz, acting chief of my staff, an able and experienced officer, especially in artillery service, rendered constant and invaluable aid. Captain Stewart, of the Independent Cavalry, by his quick intelligence, sound judgment, and fearless and ceaseless activity in discovering and reporting the enemy's movements, added to his previous high reputation and obligations already imposed upon me. Major H. P. Stearns, chief surgeon of my division, joining me upon the field, devoted himself with characteristic zeal and fidelity to the delicate and trying duties of his position. Lieutenant H. C. Freeman, chief engineer, uniting ready professional skill with the sphere of his duties. Lieutenant E. S. Jones, ordnance officer, which cheerfulness and alacrity responded to every call made upon his courage and fidelity, both in the camp and on the field. Captain George P. Edgar, joining me as a volunteer are ont eh evening of the 14th, participated with much spirit in the active and exciting scenes of the next day, and laid me under obligations by the prompt and satisfactory discharge of dangerous duty.

I am happy in congratulating you as the respected commander of a victorious army engage in a just cause, and in believing that no stain

