
[CHAP. XVII.

wheeling into line, the right wing checked their advance by a vigorous fire, until Lieutenant Gumbart, arriving at the point, sent a shell into them, when the fled in confusion from the field. The way was not open for another advance. The general commanding ordered the left wing forward on the high ridge in front of the fort halting to reconnoiter to the right towards the main road leading from Paris to Dover, and, as I was informed, to bring up the Second Brigade. I ordered Lieutenant Gumbart to take forward one howitzer and throw some shell into the line of the enemy across the main road leading to the Cumberland. The range being too long for the shells, Captain Dresser brought forward a rifled 6-pounder, and in a few shots broke up their lines and drove them from their tents.

Having received orders to move the brigade forward in the direction of the lines of the enemy, I deployed the Eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth and Thirty-first Regiments into lines of battle, and moved slowly forward a half a mile, at the same time sending the Eighteenth Regiment to the right, over the high ridge, to the Paris road, and at sunset, by a flank movement, moved the rest of the brigade over the ridge to the Paris road, thus occupying the last main outlet from Fort Donelson and the town of Dover by night-fall. Upon going forward to the right I found Colonel Lawler, in his anxiety to push forward, had moved the Eighteenth Regiment under the range of a four-gun battery in the main redoubt in front of Fort Donelson. In attempting to draw my line back an unfortunate discharge of musketry into the ranks of the Twenty-ninth Regiment killed and wounded several men of that regiment. Permission was given to Colonel Rearden to move the Twenty-ninth to the left of the brigade for the night to dispose of his wounded men. Early next morning the regiment returned to its position in line, and was stationed in rear of the Eighth as a reserve for the day.

Early on the morning of the 13th I ordered Captain Dresser to bring forward his battery and take position in front of the main redoubt of the enemy. In twenty minutes the four guns of his redoubt were silenced by him. During the day this battery was moved forward along the line as the column advanced to the right, and in every instance was most effective in silencing the guns of the enemy. Captain Dress is entitled to much praise for his cool and secret bearing during the entire action. Lieutenant Barger and the men at the guns did most excellent service. The ammunition of the battery was exhausted on the 13th. On the 14th it was supplied with 120 rounds of shot and shell. On the 15th instant this battery was on my extreme left, under the special orders of the general commanding. Early on the day of the 13th the brigade moved to the right, immediately under the fire of the artillery and sharpshooters of the enemy, one-half mile nearer Dover, on the Paris road, and again, later in the day, a half mile farther, to a point, in one instance, within 100 yards of their line of earthworks. Later in the afternoon, however, at the suggestion of the general commanding, to guard my rear and prevent a surprise in that direction, I drew the forces back onto the next and higher ridge, about 250 yards from their line, and encamped for the night, with the Eighteenth Regiment on the right, still preserving the original order of battle, excepting that Lieutenant Gumbart, commanding Schwartz's light battery, was posted between the Eighth and Twenty-ninth Regiments.

I will not omit the highly creditable part borne by Lieutenant Gumbart with his battery. During the march on the 13th instant, in the afternoon, whilst taking a new position, Lieutenant Joseph Hauger was severely, if not mortally, wounded by a ball from on ego the sharpshoot-

