
that Colonel McArthur had thrown forward the Ninth Regiment on my line of battle, which was now hotly engaged. Going out into the open field, I found the Forty-first, under Colonel Isaac C. Pugh, in line, but some distance from the right of the Ninth, with two companies of skirmishers, under Lieutenant Colonel Ansel Tupper, still farther to the right, and covering the entire ground by which the enemy could escape. These two companies were also then engaged. From the large force of infantry and cavalry moving in front, and in less than twenty minutes their skirmishers, entering the almost impenetrable underbrush and thick woods, followed closely by their main body, moved against the Eighteenth wand Eighth Regiments. Lieutenant Gumbart used two pieces of his battery with energy until severely wounded and carried from the field.

The enemy did not spare their grape and canister, and occasionally sent a shell or round shot from the six or eighth guns bearing on our lines. The Twenty-ninth soon became generally engaged. Two companies detached on the left of the Eighth Regiment. The fire upon our lines continued with unabated fury for an hour longer, when I learned that Colonel McArthur had withdrawn his brigade to take position below the old field. Finding my right uncovered, I sent Captain Brush, now commanding the Eighteenth Regiment-Colonel M. K. Lawler having been wounded in the left arm and compelled to leave the field-to the right, so as to bring the Thirtieth Regiment into line on the left of the Eighteenth. In carrying out this order Captain Brush was also wounded. The regiment, by this time having by a steady and unflinching fire nearly exhausted their ammunition, retired as the Thirtieth came into line, leaving 44 dead on the ground and 170 wounded. Continuing ot hold my position for still another hour under their galling fire I was tempted to use the bayonet, but the risk of breaking my lines in an effort to go through the thick brush, when the result under the most favorable circumstances could only be to drive them in their lines and expose my command to a raking fire of artillery and musketry upon emerging in broken files from the thick woods, determined me to hold my line to the last.

At this moment Colonel F. L. Rhoads reported to me that the cartridge-boxes were nearly empty. I told him to hold his position until re-enforcements came up, then I would move his regiment off the ground for ammunition. In a few moments the Twenty-fifth Kentucky came in sight, commanded by Colonel J. M. Shackelford. I led the colonel to his position, and ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Rhoads to show him how to file past the Eighth Regiment as it moved off the ground. From some unaccountable cause the left wing of the Twenty-fifth fired, and, some of the balls taking effect in the Eighth and Twenty-nigh Regiments, threw the man into confusion, when they with the Thirtieth Regiment retired from the ground. I saw no more of the Twenty-fifth Kentucky. The Thirtieth Regiment left on the ground 19 killed and 71 wounded; the Twenty-ninth left 25 killed and 60 wounded; the Eighth left 55 killed and 188 wounded. Most of the wounded dire taken off the field. A few men, with Major Post, of the Eighth, who was also badly wounded, were taken prisoners. Three pieces of Lieutenant Gumbart's battery fell into the hands of the enemy. They could have been brought off, but 23 horses had been killed or disabled.

At the moment my line was broken the fire of the enemy had materially slackened, and twice before they had been driven back. The enemy skulked behind every hiding place, and sought refuge in the oak

