
the right on the left of Colonel Oglesby's line, and being within 300 or 400 yards of the salient angle of the enemy's works on his left. We lay in this position most of the day, the order of the regiments from right to left being as follows: Eleventh, Twentieth, Forty-eighth, Forty-fifth, Forty-ninth, and Seventeenth. Taylor's battery was posted at the interval between the Seventeenth and Forty-ninth, and McAllister's guns were distributed along the front. Dickey's cavalry were in rear and to the right, to observe the enemy and guard the flank. Under instructions from General McClernand I commenced the construction of a small earthwork on the road to cover three or four guns. Mr. Tresilian, of the Forty-ninth Regiment, had charge of the work, which was completed during the night, and two of McAllister's guns and a 10-pounder rifled gun of the First Missouri Artillery were placed in it the next morning. During the whole of the 14th a rambling and irregular of artillery. The enemy's shells and round shot fell at time thickly within my lines, but casualties were few.

At daybreak on the morning of the 15th the enemy threw a heavy force of infantry and cavalry, supported by field artillery and his batteries within the works of his entrenchments, and commenced a vigorous assault on the right flank of the whole line. This attack was commenced and continued with great spirit, and gradually drove back our extreme right. About 7 o'clock a. m. the Elevent and Twentieth Illinois, on my right, became engaged with a heavy force of the enemy's infantry. They charged up the hill and gained the road in front of my position, but the moment the rebel flag appeared above the crest of the hill a storm of shot from the Eleventh and Twentieth drove them back in confusion. Again a new and fresh line of infantry appeared, and I ordered the whole line, except the Seventeenth and the left wing of the Forty-ninth, to advance and occupy the hill. The Eleventh,, Twentieth, Forty-eighth, and Forty-fifth, with a portion of the Forty-ninth, advanced boldly and in fine order to the brow of the hill, where they were exposed uncovered not only to the fire of the enemy's infantry, but to a raking fire from one of the enemy's batteries of artillery across the valley. They opened their fire, supported by Taylor's battery and two of McAllister's guns (one having been disabled by a shot from the enemy's cannon), and for some time the conflict was strong and fierce; but at length the strong masses of the enemy's infantry gave way before the steady, well-directed, and continued fire of the right of my line. They fell back, however, only to give place to another line of fresh troops who advanced to their support, and who were also compelled, by the steady, unflinching valor of our men, to give way.

In the mean time there were indications that the enemy were gaining some advantages on the right of the whole line. Re-enforcements, consisting of Kentucky and Indian troops, had been sent forward past my position to support the right, but notwithstanding this it became evident to me from the sounds and from the direction of the enemy's shot, which began to rake my line from the rear of my right, that the right of the line was giving way. My orders being peremptory to hold that portion of the line occupied by my brigade to the last extremity, I sent one of my aides to General McClernand, with information of the state of affairs, and to express my fears that my right flank would be completely turned unless re-enforcements should be speedily sent to that quarter. Finding that no re-enforcements were within reach, and General McClernand having left me discretion to withdraw if I found my position unten-

