
[CHAP. XVII.

the right flank to the position lately occupied by the Thirty-first, which position I held until attacked by a battalion of cavalry on and in the rear of my left flank, when I immediately ordered my regiment to retire. The movement was executed, but too late to prevent the cavalry from getting in rear of most of my command, who bravely cut their way through with terrible loss. I found what was left of the Eleventh a few hundred yards in the rear of our first position. Finding myself without support and horst of ammunition, my command marched into the valley below and joined the brigade, remaining with them the balance of the day. I append a list of the killed, wounded, and missing of my command.*

It is entirely unnecessary for me to speak in this place of the faithful and gallant conduct of the officers and men under my command during this fatal day, for the record of the killed, wounded, and missing speaks in more emphatic language and fitting terms than I can find words in this brief report to express; but I cannot fail here to mention the invincible courage, bravery, and coolness of Major Nevins and adjutant Dickey, always at their posts, particularly executing orders and gallantly urging the mein to stem the terrible torrent both by word and action; the gallant Shaw, captain of Company B, who was twice wounded but still kept his place, bravely doing his duty until stricken down by a fatal shot; the noble bearing and determined conduct of the color-guard, all of whom were either killed or wound, and yet kept their colors flying until none were left but Corporal Armstrong, Company H, who, though wounded and cut off by the cavalry, brought the colors from the field, and the faithful and diligent attention of the surgeons, assisted by the members of the bands and field music, to the wounded, in promptly carrying them from the field and dressing their wounds and using every exertion to make them comfortable.

I desire here to express my grateful appreciation of the valuable services of Surgeons Dow and Luce, of the Fourth Cavalry Illinois Volunteers, and other surgeons whose names I do not know, in administering to the wants and sufferings of the wounded of my command on the field after the battle.

Respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

T. E. G. RANSOM,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eleventh Illinois Infantry.

Lieutenant I. P. RUMSEY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, First Div., Illinois Vols.

Numbers 13. Report of Colonel C. C. Marsh, Twentieth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. 20TH INF., 2nd Brigadier, 1ST DIV., ILLINOIS VOLS.,Fort Donelson, Tenn., February 17, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with orders I make the following report of the movements of my command during the 13th, 14h, and 15th instant

On the morning of the 13th my regiment with the rest of the brigade was formed in line of battle near the brow of the hill fronting the right of the enemy's fortifications. Nothing of special interest affecting my

---------------

*Embodied in division return, p. 182.

---------------

