
gunner, commanding and pointing Numbers 1 until it was disabled by the broken trail, afterwards rendering all the assistance he could to the other pieces. Lieutenant Borland commanded and pointed Numbers 3, replacing his broken wheel, and continued to point to the last, fighting with chivalric gallantry. Private Thomas Henry, acting as postilion when moving, volunteered and acted as Numbers 1 of gun squad on howitzer Numbers 2 all through the fight. Many others, privates and non-commissioned officers, fought like heroes, and have my heartfelt thanks and gratitude. I had mortally wounded Jason Cheny, but a shrapnel; died next morning. Slightly wounded, Joel A. Boggen, by the same. Both were at their posts. We lost 11 horses, 5 sets harness, 2 mules, 10 tents, 40 knapsacks, 65 blankets, 4 saddles complete, 20 canteens, and 70 rations.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

E. MCALLISTER,

Captain Artillery, Second Brigade.

Colonel W. H. L. WALLACE,

Commanding Second Brigade, First Division, Illinois Volunteers.

Numbers 17. Report of Captain Ezra Taylor, Battery B, First Illinois Light Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS TAYLOR'S BATTERY,Fort Donelson, Tenn., February 18, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor respectfully to submit the following report of the part taken by the battery under my command in the series of actions which resulted in the reduction of Fort Donelson:

My force consisted of 120 men, rank and file, four 6-pounder field guns, two 12-pounder howitzers, and 92 horses, with 1,730 rounds of fixed ammunition. My guns were first brought into action opposite the strong redoubt in the center of the enemy's works at 9.30 o'clock on Thursday morning, at a range of 800 yards. The enemy responded from a field battery, but only at intervals. We continued to advance up the road, and at about 12 o'clock the right and left sections of my battery took up a position within 200 yards of the enemy's left wing. Four secession flags were flying at this point. Before my guns were unlimbered the enemy had opened a fierce fire of artillery and musketry, killing 1 of my men and severely wounding 2 others. The guns were got into action as soon as possible, and in half an hour I had succeeded in silencing the enemy's batteries opposite, but the enemy's sharpshooters kept up a continuous fire from the rifle pits just outside of their breastworks.

During the night the enemy changed the position of all his guns which bore on my position, as, with the experience of the day, I had secured a perfect range on all his batteries which I had been able to discover. At daylight Friday morning, discovering the change in the enemy's position and he not opening fire, I removed my battery some 500 yards back to a ravine to water and feed my horses and there awaited orders, which were not received until nearly dark, when my whole battery was ordered to take up position near the place we first occupied on the preceding day. Saturday morning at daylight the enemy opened a terrific cannonade on us from six different batteries, thus exposing us to a tremendous cross-fire, which we promptly returned,

14 R R - VOL VII

