HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., December 17, 1861.

Colonel GARFIELD,

Forty-second Ohio Regiment, Commanding Brigade

SIR: The brigade organized under your command is intended to operate against the rebel force threatening, and indeed actually committing, depredations in Kentucky, through the valley of the Big Sandy. The accrual force of the enemy, from the best information I can gather, does not probably exceed 2,000 or 2,500, though rumor places it as high as 7,000. You can better ascertain the true state of the case when you get on the ground. You are apprised of the position of the troops placed the Fortieth Ohio Regiment in such position as will best give a moral support to the people in the counties on the route to Prestonburg and Piketon, and oppose any further advance of the enemy on hat route. Then proceed with the least possible delay to the mouth of the Sandy, and move with the force in that vicinity up the river, and drive the enemy back or cut him off. Having done that, Piketon will probably be the best position for you to occupy to guard against further incursion. Artillery will be of but little if any service to you in that country. If the enemy have any, it will encumber and weaken rather than strengthen them.

Your supplies must necessarily be taken up the river, and it ought to be done as soon as possible, while the navigation is open. Purchase what you can in the country through which you operate. Send you requisitions to these headquarters for funds and ordnance stores, and to the quartermaster and commissary at Cincinnati for other supplies. The conversation I have has with you will suggest more details than can be given here. Report frequently and fully upon all matters concerning your command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., December 28, 1861.

Colonel GARFIELD,

Commanding Eighteenth Brigade, Louisa, Ky.

The following despatch was sent this day to Lieutenant M. L. Benham, Forty-second Regiment Ohio Volunteers, Catlettsburg, via Portsmouth:

The arms for Lindsey's regiment were forwarded by Adams Express on the 19th to Greensburg. Ascertain whether they have gone through cincinnati. Tell Colonel Garfield I have been unable to get howitzers for him or I would send them, but I think he will find his infantry more efficient than the enemy's artillery. Tell him to report frequently.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., January 3, 1862.

Colonel GARFIELD

Yours of the 2nd instant* has been received. The general would send you two mountain howitzers, but he is under the impression that from

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

