
entrenched position of the enemy, and all of my men stood to their places. I am happy to say no sacrifice was necessary, but that shortly after being in position I was enabled to send forward the color company (C) with the Stars and Stripes, and that thus your brigade were enabled to announce to our friends beyond and about that Fort Donelson had surrendered and the engagement ended. I can say all did their duty.

Respectfully,

CRAFTS J. WRIGHT,

Colonel Thirteenth Missouri Volunteers.

Colonel JOHN COOK,

Commanding Third Brigade, Second Division.

Numbers 27. Report of Captain Henry Richardson, Battery D, First Missouri Light Artillery.

CAMP NEAR FORT DONELSON, February 18, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

On the morning of Thursday, February 13, I placed my battery in position facing an outwork of the enemy, distant about 1,400 yards, and subsequently, by order of General Smith, moved about 500 yards to the right.

During the next day I engaged with one section a battery of the enemy, and being very warmly replied to, was obliged to cease firing after expending about 50 rounds.

During the night I sent my second section to occupy the point of the ridge upon which I was, distant about 400 yards to the right, and had a slight breastwork thrown up.

During the next day (Saturday) both sections tried to engage the enemy's battery, but no reply was elicited. From the guns of the second section several shots were thrown into the enemy's camp.

Late in the afternoon my first section was moved to the extreme right by order of General Grant, but returned without being engaged.

About 100 round were expended. One man is missing.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY RICHARDSON,

Commanding Company D, First Missouri Light Artillery.

Lieutenant CHARLES GREEN,

Adjutant Second Battalion, First Missouri Light Artillery.

Numbers 28. Report of Captain F. Welker, Battery H, First Missouri Light Artillery.

FORT DONELSON, TENN., February 18, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to furnish you the following report of the engagement:

On Thursday morning, February 13, Lieutenant Tannrath, of my company, received orders to take a position with one piece on the road leading to the enemy's intrenchments and within about 800 yards of the enemy's

15 R R - VOL VII

