
my regiment, to save it from heavy loss where we could do no good. In retiring, owing to the nature of the ground and our exposed position, the men were thrown into slight confusion, but they rallied promptly at the foot of the hill and remained in that position until night, when we moved back, as directed by you, to the ground we occupied in the morning. We lost in this action 14 killed and 61 wounded.

On the 14th considerable firing was kept up between our skirmishers and the enemy's sharpshooters, but nothing of importance occurred.

On the 15th, at 2 o'clock p. m., we formed a line of battle, and I sent forward Company B, Captain Rheinlander, to deploy as skirmishers and advance in front of the regiment. This order he executed promptly, and moved his company forward at double-quick. A few moments after, the order came to me to move my regiment by the left flank and follow to support the Fifty-second Indiana and Second Iowa Regiments. This movement left Captain Rheinlander without support, but he advanced boldly to the enemy's rifle pits to the right of the point where they were being attacked by the Second Iowa and drove back the enemy, and was among the first, if not the very first, of our forces that mounted the breastworks.

We moved by the left flank to the creek bottom on our left and beyond some old houses, where the left halted and the right was brought forward, and we advanced in line of battle up the hill on the r un, and entered the enemy's works at the point where they had been taken by the Second Iowa. We pushed forward across the field in the direction of the heaviest firing until we reached the bottom of a deep hollow. Here we halted to form our line, which was somewhat broken in advancing, and prepared to move forward, but seeing the forces in front of us slowly retiring, we remained in line to cover them, and when they had all passed by us we marched back in good order to the breastworks, which we held during the night. Our loss in this action was 40 wounded, many of them severely.

I cannot bestow too high praise on the conduct of the officers in both of these actions. To Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan and Major Foster I am much indebted for the fearless and energetic manner in which they discharged their duties. Their conduct is worthy of the highest commendation. Adjutant Walker and Sergeant-Major Jones were brave, prompt, and faithful, and were ever ready to carry orders in the thickest of the fight. Captain Laird, of Company K, was severely wounded in the leg on the 13th while leading his company to the charge. He refused to leave the field, and when at last he was compelled to leave he cheered his men when he retired. Captains Saltzman and Rheinlander, commanding the flank companies, rendered very valuable service, and were often placed in exposed positions. The other captains and lieutenants, almost without exception, displayed great courage and energy, and are worthy of the highest praise. I could not mention one without naming all. The regimental band and chaplain were actively engaged in removing the wounded from the field and providing for their wants at the hospital. The conduct of the surgeon and assistant surgeon is esteemed worthy of especial mention. Asst. Surg. Arthur White devoted himself to relieving the wants of the wounded and suffering at the hospital, while the principal surgeon, Dr. John T. Walker, followed the regiment to the field, and received the wounded as they fell in the fight. It was the first time that our men had ever been exposed to the fire, and they stood it with the firmness of veterans. Many instances of personal courage and good conduct of non-commissioned officers and men occurred, but so numerous were they, that it would be difficult to point

