
out particular cases. The conduct of the various companies was uniformly good and worthy of the highest praise. The loss on the second day was not so great as the first, although the fire was more severe, but we were not so much exposed to the fire of grape, which was very destructive on the first day. Inclosed I send a list of the killed and wounded.*

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES C. VEATCH,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

Colonel J. G. LAUMAN,

Commanding Fourth Brigade, Second Division.

Numbers 31. Report of Colonel James M. Tuttle, Second Iowa Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND IOWA INFANTRY,Fort Donelson, Tenn., February 18, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you the part which my command took in the capture of this place:

The Second Regiment Iowa Infantry was transported up the Cumberland River on the steamer McGill, and landed about 3 miles below the fort on the 14th instant, and immediately marched to the headquarters of General Smith, where I arrived about 11 a. m. of the same day, and was by General Grant assigned to General Smith's division and by General Smith to your brigade. When we arrived at the top of the hill, nearly opposite the right of the enemy's works, in pursuance of an order from you I deployed Companies A and B as skirmishers. They immediately crossed a ravine in front of our line and skirmished until night, when they were called in.

In the mean time the regiment was assigned position on the extreme left of our forces, where we spent a cold and disagreeable night, without tents or blankets. We remained in this position until 2 p. m. the next day, when we were ordered to storm the fortifications of the enemy in front by advancing the left wing of the regiment, supported a short distance in the ready by the right wing. I took command of the left wing in person and proceeded in line of battle steadily up the hill until we reached the fortifications without firing a gun. On reaching the works we found the enemy fleeing before us, except a few, who were promptly put to the bayonet. I then gave the order to fire, which was responded to with fatal precision until the right wing, with Lieutenant-Colonel Baker, arrived, headed by General Smith, when we formed in line of battle, again under a galling fire, and charged on the encampment across the ravine in front, the enemy still retreating before us. After we had reached the summit of the hill beyond the ravine we made a stand and occupied it for over an hour.

In the mean time the enemy were being re-enforced, and one of our regiments poured a disastrous fire upon us in the rear. Our ammunition being nearly exhausted, I ordered my command to fall back to the entrenchments, which they did steadily and in good order.

I am not able to name the regiment which fired upon our rear, but I do know that the greater part of the casualties we received at that point

---------------

* See p. 168.

---------------

