
the nature of the country and the season of the year you would find them more of an incumbrance than an advantage, and he hopes and expects that you will be able to accomplish important results without them. Your can, however, give more in detail your views on the subject.

I presume you have received my letter of the 31st* giving you information in relation to the enemy near you and my telegram requiring secrecy in regard to same.

Efforts are being made to start Colonel Lindsay, in compliance with your orders, and it is presumed he will [soon] be with you. Report frequently.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., January 20, 1862.

Colonel GARFIELD,

Commanding Eighteenth Brigade, Prestonburg, Ky.

COLONEL: You dispatches of your attack upon the enemy at Paintsville and Prestonburg on the 7th and 10th instant have been received, and the general commanding directs me to express his gratification at the perseverance, fortitude, and gallantry displayed by yourself and your command in the campaign in which you are engaged. Your original institutions were to proceed as far as Piketon (or Pikeville), and it is inferred from the activity and energy displayed up to the date of you dispatches that you have not permitted the enemy to rest this side of that point. As it is not known here what direction Marshall has taken, it is not practicable to give you any definite instructions. He may have gone into Western Virginia or taken the road from Prestonburg or Piketon to Hazard in Perry County of Whitesburg in Letcher, and may even attempt to make his way to Cumberland Gap. Your are directed in any case to drive him from the soil of Kentucky and, having done this, to act as circumstances may require, keeping this office informed of your movements and your whereabouts, that institutions may reach you. Colonel Marshall's Kentucky regiment, from Maysville, Ky., was this day ordered to report to you, and if you should find it necessary to move to the south beyond Piketon, a force must be left at that point. It is a place which must be held, and Marshall's regiment might receive orders from you for that purpose. It would be well for you to put yourself in communication with him as soon as practicable.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, January 24, 1862.

Colonel JAMES A. GARFIELD, Paintsville, Ky.

SIR: Your official report of the battle of Middle Creek has been received and your success will be duly noticed in orders.

the general is expecting to receive from you more detailed information in reference to the retreat of the enemy, the direction taken by

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

