
Numbers 32. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James C. Parrott, Seventh Iowa Infantry.

FORT DONELSON, TENN., February 19, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the movement of the Seventh Regiment Iowa Volunteer Infantry from February 12 to 15 inclusive:

The regiment left Fort Henry on the morning of the 21th and proceeded to the vicinity of Fort Donelson, where it arrived about 6 p. m. same day. The regiment, by your orders, was placed in position on an eminence about half a mile from the outer works of the enemy, to support the First Missouri Battery, consisting of two 20-pounder Parrott guns, where it remained all night, the regiment bivouacking without shelter or blankets.

On the morning of the 13th it was ordered by you to join its brigade on the extreme left wing, where it took part with said brigade in the assault on the rebel fortifications during the day. At sunset it returned to its former position, where it remained during the night, which was one of great inclemency.

On the morning of the 14th it took position in rear of ground occupied the day previous, where it remained quietly during the day and night, sending out through the day two companies as skirmishers.

On the 15th, about 2 p. m., your ordered us forward to the charge on the west end of the enemy's fortifications, where it came up in good order and passed the entrenchments and rendered good service. It then took position in rear of the west breastworks, holding the position we had gained till next morning, when the capitulation took place.

I am proud to say that the officers and men of the regiment behaved themselves with coolness and courage and nobly retained the reputation formerly won.

Our casualties were 2 privates killed on the field; 2 lieutenants, 5 sergeants, 2 corporals, and 28 privates wounded, most of them slightly and none mortally.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PARROTT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel J. G. LAUMAN,

Commanding Fourth Brigade, Second Division.

Numbers 33. Report of Colonel William T. Shaw, Fourteenth Iowa Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH IOWA INFANTRY,Fort Donelson, Tenn., February 19, 1862.

SIR: On February 13 my command, consisting of seven companies, was formed in line of battle by order of Colonel Lauman, commanding brigade, and ordered to advance with the Twenty-fifth Indiana upon the works in front and take a battery of two guns. I advanced under a heavy fire of musketry until I passed the point of a ridge on my right. I then received a heavy fire of grape from guns to the right, which, however, did but little damage, as the range was too high. Perceiving no

