
Numbers 36. Report of Major John McDonald, Eighth Missouri Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTH REGIMENT MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS,Fort Heiman, Ky., February 19, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of my command in the late engagement with the enemy at Fort Donelson:

I was ordered by yourself on the 15th instant to take a position on the right wing of the brigade, to retake a hill on the right, which our forces, commanded by General McClernand, had lost in the morning. I made the attack, led by yourself, you at the time taking the command, giving all the necessary directions and commands - in fact, leading the entire engagement, which lasted some three hours. We regained the position and maintained it all that night by standing in position and stationing pickets within 80 yards of the enemy's entrenchments. On the morning following we were notified that there was a flag of truce approaching, which brought the intelligence of the surrender of the enemy's forts and forces. The following is a list of the killed and wounded, also the conduct in general of the officers and men most worthy of mention:

Company A, William A. Johnson commanding, were deployed as skirmishers, and rendered good service throughout the action. Captain Johnson, First Lieutenant G. M. Crane, and Second Lieutenant Nelson Patterson, are worthy of note for their coolness and bravery throughout the fight.

Company B, First Lieutenant Edmund R. Otis commanding, were also deployed as skirmishers, leading the attack and doing excellent service, with but small loss. Much credit is also due Lieutenant Moffett for promptness and courage.

Company C, Second Lieutenant Harry B. Harris commanding, took an active part in the engagement, meeting with no loss.

Company D, Captain Giles A. Smith commanding, deserves great credit for his coolness and the condition in which he held his men during the fight.

Company E, Captain D. T. Kirby commanding, were deployed as skirmishers, both officers and men acquitting themselves with much credit.

Company F, Captain A. A. Jameson commanding, acquitted themselves with great credit, having none killed or wounded. First Lieutenant J. W. Barr, of Company I, being attached to this company, did excellent service. The same is due to Second Lieutenant Philip H. Murphy.

Company G, Captain David P. Grier commanding, were deployed as skirmishers, causing great destruction in the enemy's ranks. Captain Grier is a brave and efficient officer.

Company H, Captain George B. Swarthout commanding, were deployed as skirmishers. The captain, a very brave officer, led his company, causing great destruction in the ranks of the enemy.

Company K, Second Lieutenant Charles Vierheller commanding, did good service, having but 2 men wounded.

Some of the above officers and men were detached as sharpshooters, under the command of Captain Hugh Neill, doing excellent service throughout the engagement.

First Sergeant Dwyer, Corporal Powell, Private Bracken, of Company A; First Sergeant Boyd, Private Sartore, Company B; First Sergeant Murray, and Private ---, Company E, being wounded, still remained at their posts as though nothing had happened. First Sergeant Musselman and Sergeants Scahill and Bogert, Corporals Vail and Boggs, Company F; Sergeants O'Donald and Crandall; Corporals Spence and

