
Bamford, and Privates Bennett, McCullough, and Taylor, Company G, are worthy of much credit for their bravery and willingness when called upon as volunteers to go where danger was greatest.

The aggregate number of this regiment when going into battle was 680. Our loss was comparatively small for the average number of men and the victory achieved, which is attributed to the efficiency of Colonel M. L. Smith, commanding the brigade. We captured during the engagement three of the enemy's flags - one from the First Texas Regiment, one from the Second Mississippi, and one from the Fifty-second Tennessee. Captain William Hill, acting lieutenant-colonel, and Captain Charles McDonald, acting major, were promptly at their posts throughout the fight. In fact, all in my command acquitted themselves with much credit. All of which I have the honor to submit.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

JOHN MCDONALD,

Major, Commanding Eighth Regiment Missouri Volunteers.

Colonel MORGAN L. SMITH,

Commanding Fifth Brigade, General C. F. Smith's Div., U. S. Vols.

Numbers 37. Report of Brigadier General Lewis Wallace, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION U. S. FORCES,District of West Tennessee, Fort Henry, February 20, 1862.

SIR: A report of the action of my division before Fort Donelson has been delayed from various causes. I submit it to the general speedily as possible.

The Third Division, assigned to me, consisted of the Thirty-first Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Osborn commanding; Seventeenth Kentucky, Colonel John H. McHenry; Forty-fourth Indiana, Colonel Hugh B. Reed, and the Twenty-fifth Kentucky, Colonel James M. Shackelford, all constituting the First Brigade, Colonel Charles Cruft commanding; also, the First Nebraska, Lieutenant-Colonel McCord; Seventy-sixth Ohio, Colonel Woods; Sixty-eighth Ohio, Colonel Steedman, constituting the Third Brigade, Colonel John M. Thayer commanding. A brigade numbered two in the order was not found together as an organization before or after the action. Three regiments - the Forty-sixth Illinois, Colonel Davis; Fifty-seventh Illinois, Colonel Baldwin, and the Fifty-eighth Illinois, Colonel Lynch, believed to be a portion of the last-mentioned brigade - came up on Saturday during the action and were attached to Colonel Thayer's command.

The position of the Third Division was in the center of the line of attack, General McClernand being on the right and General Smith on the left. My orders, received from General Grant, were to hold my position and prevent the enemy from escaping in that direction; in other words, to remain there and repel any sally from the fort. Under the orders I had no authority to take the offensive. The line established for my command was on the cone of a high ridge, thickly wooded to the front and rear, and traversed by a road which made the way of communication from the right to the left of our army. The right of my division, when posted, was within good supporting distance from General

