
him, his probable whereabouts and condition; of his intentions, probable and future objects and movements. These points were not touched in your report.

You have probably ere this received my letter of the 20th instant, repeating the general's wish for you to establish your force at Piketon and be sure that the enemy does not again get a goothold on Kentucky soil.

Your difficulties in reference to supplies are appreciated, but the general trusts you will overcome them. The commissary of subsistence in Cincinnati has been directed to forward two month's supply of provisions as soon as practicable, the intention being to get a supply to you while the Big Sandy is up and before navigation ceases. The general desires you to take advantage ot the high water to get your supplies of all kinds (ammunition and forage, if necessary) up the river while opportunity is favorable.

If Eastern Kentucky is entirely freed from the enemy and out of danger of annoyance, it is possible that yourself and part of your command may be called to other duties.

Captain Ralph Plumb, quartermaster, was ordered to join you, on you application, from Lexington. Is he on duty with you?

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, No. 4. Louisville, Ky., January 20, 1862.

The general commanding takes occasion to thank Colonel Garfield and his troops for their successful campaign against the rebel force under General Marshal on the Big Sandy and their gallant conduct in battle. They have overcome formidable difficulties in the character of the country, the condition of the roads, and the inclemency of the season, and without artillery have, in several engagements, terminating with the battle on Middle Creek on the 10th instant, driven the enemy forme his entrenched position and forced him back into the mountains with the loss of a large amount of baggage and stores and many of his men killed or captured. These services have called into action the highest qualities of a soldier - perseverance and courage.

By command of General Buell

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,Washington, January 21, 1862.

Brigadier General D. C. BUELL, U. S. A.,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Louisville, Ky.

SIR: Your dispatch of the 14th instant, reporting the success of Colonel Garfield against the enemy's forces under Humphrey Marshall at Pauntsville and Pestonburg, on the 7th and 10th instant, has been received. Major-General McClellan, commanding the Army, congratulates Colonel Grafield and his brigade upon this handsome achievement

