
the afternoon's fight for the recapture of the hill the colonel led his tired column with unabated courage. Major Fred. Arn, Thirty-first Indiana; Colonel James M. Shackelford, Twenty-fifth Kentucky; Colonel Hugh B. Reed, Forty-fourth Indiana, and Colonel John H. McHenry; Seventeenth Kentucky, and their field and company officers, all won honor and lasting praise, nor can less be given to the valor and endurance of the men who composed their regiments.

To the promptness and courage of Colonel Thayer, commanding Third Brigade, in the execution of my orders on the occasion, I attribute in a large degree the repulse of the enemy in their attack upon my position about 10.30 or 11 o'clock in the morning. There can be no question about the excellence of his conduct during that fierce trial. Lieutenant-Colonel McCord and his First Nebraska Regiment, and Lieutenant P. P. Wood and his company, A, Chicago Light Artillery, have already been spoken of in terms warmer than mere commendation.

I have reserved for the last the mention of that officer whose mention I confess gives me most pleasure - Colonel Morgan L. Smith. This officer led his old regiment, the Eighth Missouri, and the Eleventh Indiana, united as a brigade under his command, in the charge that resulted in the recapture of our position on the right. Words cannot do justice to his courage and coolness. All through the conflict I could see him ride to and for, and could hear his voice, clear as a bugle's, and as long as I heard it I knew the regiments were safe and their victory sure. Promotion has been frequently promised him; if it does not come now Missouri will fail to recognize and honor her bravest soldier.

To Major McDonald, commanding Eighth Missouri, and to Colonel McGinnis, Lieutenant Colonel W. J. H. Robinson, and Major I. C. Elston, of the Eleventh Indiana, and the officers and men of both those regiments, most honorable mention is due.

Captain Fred. Knefler, my assistant adjutant-general, and Lieuts. James R. Ross and Addison Ware, my aides-de-camp, rendered me prompt and efficient service in the field. Their courage and fidelity have earned my lasting gratitude. Nor am I less indebted to my orderlies, Thomas W. Simpson and Bird Fletcher, of Company I, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, both of whom are brave, intelligent soldiers, worthy promotion.

Of that portion of my division not mentioned as in action I would say they were being carefully saved for the proposed assault on Sunday. Had the surrender not taken place they would have been placed foremost in the attack. When my position was attacked in the forenoon they were under fire, and by their patient endurance and soldierly behavior won my fullest confidence. The regiments alluded to were the Seventy-sixth, Sixty-eighth, and Fifty-eighth Ohio and the Forty-sixth and Fifty-seventh Illinois.

Major T. W. Fry, surgeon, attached to my staff, who performed his duties in the most skillful manner, freely exposing himself, will at the earliest moment furnish a list of the casualties that happened in my division during the battle.

Sincerely hoping the general may prove as fortunate in every battle he may have occasion to fight, I beg leave to congratulate him on his success in this one, and subscribe myself, most respectfully, his very obedient servant,

LEW. WALLACE,

General, Third Division.

Captain JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Asst. Adjt. General U. S. Forces, District West Tennessee.

