
against forces superior in number and having the advantage of three pieces of artillery.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

No. 2. Reports of Colonel James A. Garfield, Forty-second Ohio Infantry, commanding brigade, with instructions to subordinates.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH BRIGADE,George's Creek, December 26, 1861.

I arrived here last night with 900 men. Twenty-five hundred rebels are at Paintsville, 18 miles distant, with four guns. they are fortifying. The Fourteenth Kentucky can furnish only 500 effective men. They will be here soon. Colonel Lindsey has no equipments and but 600 effective men. I have ordered him to join me as soon as possible. Send me four small howitzers, with shell and shrapnel, if possible. I can get them here by boat and haul them with our mule teams. Lieutenant M. L. Benham, Forty-second Regiment, awaits answer at Cincinnati.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH BRIGADE,George's Creek, December 26, 1861.

SIR: I advanced from Louisa on the 23rd instant, with nine companies of the Forty-second Ohio, three companies of the Fourteenth Kentucky, and Major McLaughlin's squadron of cavalry, and reached this place, 18 miles from Paintsville, on the evening of the 24th, bringing our tents and subsistence by a flat-boat, as our train, in charge of one company of the Forty-second Ohio, had not yet arrived from Catlettsburg.

Nine companies of the Fourteenth Kentucky were allowed to remain at Louisa to await the arrival of their equipments. I expect them here to-morrow.

Colonel Lindsey has informed me that his command cannot be ready for service for an indefinite time. I herewith inclose you a copy of his communication.* I have not yet heard from Colonel Wolford's cavalry. The roads along this valley are almost impassable; they were never more than tolerable, and in the distracted condition of the country no repairs have been made. It required four days' hard labor to bring our train of 25 wagons, nearly empty, a distance of 28 miles. I am therefore bringing our stores to this point by the river. When we leave here we shall go back from the river up George's Creek, and shall take our train with us. It will reach us to-morrow. I think I am now able to give you a reliable statement of the strength of the enemy in the vicinity of Paintsville t least.

I have collected and compared statements from citizens, scouts, and prisoners, and find that Colonel Williams returned about three weeks

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

