
black-jack, making it impossible to advance or maneuver any considerable body of troops.

The plan of attack agreed upon and directed by General Floyd to be executed was that, with the main body of the forces defending our left wing, I should attack the right wing of the enemy, occupying and resting on the heights reaching to the bank of the river, accompanied by Colonel Forrest's brigade of cavalry; that General Buckner, with the forces under his command, and defending the right of our line, should strike the enemy's encampment and forces ont eh Wynn's Ferry road; that the forces under Colonel Heiman should hold the trenches. In this order of battle it was easy to be seen that if my attack was successful and the enemy was routed his retreat troops to hold the trenches. In this order of battle it was easy to be seen that if my attack was successful and the enemy was routed his retreat would be along his line of investment towards the Wynn's Ferry encampment, and thence towards his reserve, at the gunboats below. In other words, my success would roll the enemy's force in retreat over upon General Buckner, when by his attack in flank and rear we could cut up the enemy and put him completely to rout.

Accordingly dispositions were made to attack the enemy. At 5 o'clock on the morning of the 15th I moved out of my position to engage the enemy. In less than one-half hour our forces were engaged. The enemy was prepared to received me in advance of his encampment, and he did receive me before I had assumed a line of battle and while I was moving against him without any formation for the engagement. Fort the first half hour of the engagement I was much embarrassed in getting the command in position properly to engage the enemy. Having extricated myself from the position and fairly engaged the enemy, we fought him for nearly two hours before I made any decided advance upon him. He contested the field most stubbornly.

The loss of both armies on this portion of the field was heavy-the enemy's particularly so, as I discovered by riding over the field after the battle. The enemy, having been order to yield this portion of the field, retired slowly towards the Wynn's Ferry road-Buckner's point of attack.

The fight was hotly contested and stubborn on both sides, and consumed the day till 12 o'clock to drive the enemy as far back as the center, where General Buckner's command was to flank him. While my command was slowly advancing and driving back the enemy, I was anxiously expecting to hear General Buckner's command open fire in his rear, which, not taking place, I was apprehensive of some misapprehension of orders, and came from the field of battle within the work to ascertain what was the matter. I there found the command of General Buckner massed behind the ridge within the work, taking shelter from the enemy's artillery on the Wynn's Ferry road, it having been forced to retire before the battery, as I learned form him. My force was still slowly advancing, driving the enemy towards the battery. I directed General Buckner immediately to move his command around to the rear of the battery, turning its left, keeping in the hollow, and attack and carry it. Before the movement was executed my forces, forming the attacking party on the right, with Colonel Forrest's regiment of cavalry, had reached the position of the battery. Colonel Forrest's cavalry gallantly charged a large body of infantry supporting the battery, driving it and forcing the battery to retire, and taking six pieces of artillery-four brass pieces and two 24-pounder iron pieces.

In pursuing the enemy, falling back from this position, General Buckner's forces became united with mine, and engaged the enemy in a hot

