
From the list of prisoners published in Northern papers, which I have seen, it required the prisoners of six regiments to make 900 men. I do not believe that the number of prisoners exceeded that stated by the Northern papers, which is put at 5,170 privates.

During the afternoon of the 15th I had caused the arms lost by the enemy to be gathered up from about half the field of battle, and had hauled and stacked up over 5,000 stand of arms an six pieces of artillery, all of which were lost in the surrender of the place for want of transportation to brig them away.

In regarded to the enemy's force with which we were engaged in the battle of Dover, General Grant, in an official report, says that he had taken 15,000 prisoner; that Generals Floyd and Pillow made their escape with about 15,000 men, and that the forces engaged were about equal. While his estimate of the number of prisoners taken and the number of prisoners taken and the number with which General Floyd escaped is wide of the mark, yet the aggregate of the numbers, as given by himself, is 30,000, and his acknowledgment that the forces were about equal furnishes conclusive evidence that we fought 30,000 men, the same number given by prisoners we had taken and agreeing with my original estimate of his strength.

General Halleck, in a telegraphic dispatch of February 16, from Saint Louis to General mcClellan, said he had invested Fort Donelson with a force of 50,000 men, and he had no doubt all communication and supplies were cut off. This corroborates Grant's statement, for the troops which arrived on the 14th and 15th, yet, being twenty steamboat loads, had not reached the battle-field on the morning of the 15th, and it is probable that parts of those that arrived on the evening of the 13th had not reached it.

These sources of information make it clear that we fought 30,000 of the enemy on the 15th; and that we were reinvested that night with all the enemy's disposable force, including his fresh troops, cannot be doubted.

Nothing has occurred to change my original estimate of our loss in the several conflicts with the enemy at the trenches, with the gunboats, and in the battle of Dover. My original estimate was that our loss in killed was from 1,500 to 2,000. We sent up from Dover 1, 1134 wounded. A Federal surgeon's certificate which I have seen says there were about 400 wounded Confederates in the hospital at Paducah, making 1,534 wounded. I was satisfied that the killed would increase the number to 2,000.

As in the absence still of regimental and brigade commanders it is probable that I have not done justice to all the officers or their commands.

To Brigadier-General Johnson's report, which is herewith forwarded, I particularly refer for the conduct of officers and commands under his immediate observation during the battle.

The forces under my immediate command in the conflict with the enemy's right did not exceed 7,000 men, though it never faltered, and drove the enemy from the position of his extreme right slowly but steadily, advancing over 1 1\2 miles, carrying the positions of his first battery and two of his guns and of the battery on the Wynn's Ferry road taking four more guns, and afterwards, uniting with General Buckner's taking four more guns, and afterwards, uniting with General buckner's command, drove him (the enemy) back, sustained by a large accession of fresh troops. Yet it is manifest that the points of our victory would have been far greater had General Buckner's column been successful in its assault upon the Wynn's Ferry road battery.

Equally clear is it that the enemy, effecting a lodgment in General

