
Buckner's rifle pits, on his right, brought the command and position into extreme peril, making it absolutely necessary to take immediate action, in which we were under the necessity of cutting our way out, of holding out another day, and throwing the command across the river, or of capitulation. My own position upon these several propositions having been explained more fully and in detail in this my supplemental report, nothing more remains in the performance of my duty to the Government but to subscribe myself, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

Colonel W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-That there may be no doubt about the facts stated in this report, I append the sworn testimony of Colonels Burch and Forrest, Majors Henry, Haynes, and Nicholson, to which I ask the attention of the Government.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

HEADQUARTERS FORT DONELSON, February 10, 1862.

I am apprehensive, from the large accumulation of the enemy's forces in the neighborhood of Fort Henry, that the enemy will attempt to cross the country south of my position and cut my communication by river, thus depriving me of supplies from above. The country south of me is exceedingly broken and rugged, so much so as to be nearly impracticable, but the enemy may possibly make it. His difficulty will be in procuring supplies for his forces, which is one almost (if not altogether) insurmountable. I think that is may safety.

The conflict of yesterday between our cavalry and that of the enemy resulted in 3 of ours wounded and 2- of ours taken prisoners by being thrown from their horses and in 3 of the enemy killed and 6 mortally wounded. Three of the enemy's gunboats have gone up the Tennessee River above the bridge. The Eastport, which we were converting into a gunboat, was burned and sunk, as was one steamboat, to keep them from falling into the hands of the enemy. The enemy have destroyed the high trestle work on the left bank of the Tennessee River, but have not damaged the bridge.

I am pushing the work on my river also day and night. In one week's time (if I am allowed that much time) I will try very hard to make my batteries bomb-proof. I am now raising the parapets and strengthening them. I got my heavy rifled 32-pounders and 10-inch columbiad in position to-day, and tried them and my whole battery. The trial was most satisfactory. I need two additional heavy huns very much,a nd if I am no engaged by him in three or six days, I shall apply for the 42-pounders at Clarksville. It is certain that if I cannot hold this position, the two 42-pounders at Clarksville will not arrest his movements by Clarksville. Upon one thing you may rest assured, viz, that I will never surrender the position, and iwht God's help I mean maintain it.

I send up the Hillman for a boat load of flour and meat. Let her bring a full load. You will please give order accordingly to the commissary of your post. I shall continue to draw supplies of subsistence to this place until I heavy store on hand.

I have established a line of vedettes on the right bank of the Cum-

