
from Heiman's left, in rear of the position occupied by the enemy's batteries.

In order to cover the advance of the infantry column I directed Captain Porter, with his artillerists, to serve Green's battery, which was already in position, and at the same time sent a request to Colonel Heiman to direct Maney's battery to open its fire, while he should deploy a line of skirmishers in advance of his position to cover the right of the valley. General Pillow was at this time, as I afterwards learned, on the heights to my right, occupied by Heiman. Maney's, Porter's, and Graves' batteries now opened a cross-fire upon the enemy's battery and position, soon crippling some of his guns and driving their supports, while the Third, Eighteenth, and Thirty-second Tennessee Regiments, under their brigade commander, Colonel John C. Brown, moved steadily up the valley, preceded by their skirmishers, who soon became engaged with those of the enemy. This movement, combined with the brisk fire of three batteries, induced a rapid retreat of the enemy, who abandoned a section of his artillery. At the same time my infantry were thus penetrating the enemy's line of retreat Forrest, with a portion of his cavalry, charged upon their right, while General Pillow's division, under the orders of General B. R. Johnson and Colonel Baldwin, were pressing their extreme right about half a mile to the left of this position.

In this latter movement a section of Graves' battery participated, playing with destructive effect upon the enemy's left, while about the same time the Second Kentucky, under Colonel Hanson, charged in quick-time, as if upon parade, through an open field and under a destructive fire, without firing a gun, upon a superior force of the enemy, who broke and fled in all directions. A large portion of the enemy's right dispersed through the woods, and made their way, as wa afterwards learned, to Fort Henry.

While this movement was going on I conducted one piece of artillery, under Captain Graves, along the Wynn's Ferry road, supported by the Fourteenth Mississippi, and sent orders to the residue of Graves' battery and Porter's and Jackson's batteries and Farquharson's Tennessee regiment to follow the movement with rapidity. I also sent to direct Hanson's regiment to rejoin me. The enemy, in his retreat, had now taken up a strong position on the road beyond the point where it crosses the valley. I directed the position to be attacked by the Third, Eighteenth, and Thirty-second Tennessee Regiments, the first on the left, the others on the right of the road, while Graves' piece took position in the road within 250 or 300 yards of the enemy's guns. These regiments, under the immediate command of Colonel Brown, advanced gallantly to the attack, while Graves' piece responded with effect to the enemy's artillery. Notwithstanding their vast superiority in numbers, the enemy were driven, with very heavy loss, from their position, and retreated to the right of Wynn's Ferry road, leaving it entirely open. In this position I awaited the arrival of my artillery and reserves, either to continue the pursuit of the enemy or to defend the position I now held, in order that the army might pass out on the Forge road, which was now completely covered by the position occupied by my division. But General Pillow had prevented my artillery from leaving the entrenchments, and had ordered Farquharson not to join me, and also sent me reiterated orders to return to my entrenchments on the extreme right. I was in the the act of returning to the lines when I met General Floyd, who seemed surprised at the order. As his request to know my opinion of the movement I replied that nothing had occurred to change my views of the necessity of the evacuation of the post, that the road was

