
lant and able conduct of my brigade commanders, Colonel John C. Brown, of the Third Tennessee; William E. Baldwin, of the Fourteenth Mississippi, and R. W. Hanson, commanding the Second Kentucky, detached from Breckinridge's Kentucky brigade.

For the operations of Colonel Baldwin's troops I refer to his report, as he was detached from my command during the siege. But he as well as the other two officers, were conspicuous on every occasion for their gallantry and military judgment, and merit the special approbation of the Government.

Among the regimental commanders, Cols. J. M. Lillard and E. C. Cook merit the highest commendation for their gallant bearing and the excellent manner in which they handled their regiments. Major W. L. Doss behaved with marked gallantry. Major George B. Cosby, my chief of staff, deserves the highest commendation for the gallant and intelligent discharge of his duties, and the other members of my staff are entitled to my thanks for their gallantry and for the efficient discharge of their appropriate duties. Lieuts. Charles F. Johnston, aide-de-camp, and T. J. Clay, acting aide; Majs. Alexander Casseday, acting inspector-general, and S. K. Hays, quartermaster; Captain R. C. Wintersmith, commissary of subsistence; Major Davidson, chief of artillery; Messrs. J. N. Gallaher, acting aide; Moore, acting topographical officer; J. Walker Taylor, commanding a detachment of guides, and D. P. Buckner, volunteer aide.

Major Barbour, aide-de-camp to Brigadier-General Tilghman, though wounded, remained with me on the 13th. I cannot bestow sufficient praise upon Captains Porter and Rice E. Graves and their officers and men for the gallant and efficient handling of their batteries. Artillery was never better served, and artillerists never behaved under trying circumstances with greater coolness. Porter's battery, from its exposed position, lost more than half its gunners, and its intrepid commander was severely wounded late in the afternoon of Saturday, being succeeded in command by the gallant Lieutenant Morton. Captain Jackson's Virginia battery, though not so frequently engaged, is entitled to notice.

For an understanding of the particular operations of General Pillow's division I refer you to the reports of his brigade commanders, Cols. William E. Baldwin, A. Heiman, and John Gregg, and to the reports of their subordinate commanders.

Accompanying this report is a list of the strength of my division and of its killed and wounded. My aggregate force at the beginning of the contests, which was constantly diminishing, did not exceed 3,025 infantry and two batteries of artillery. Two of my regiments, in addition (844 men), were constantly under the command of General Pillow. The length of my lines exceeded three-fourths of a mile.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

Lately Commanding Second Division, Central Army of Kentucky.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. General S. C. Army, Richmond, Va.

[Inclosures.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD, No.-. Fort Donelson, Tenn., February 16, 1862.

All prisoners taken at the surrender of Fort Donelson will be collected as rapidly as practicable near the village of Dover, under their respect-

