
The enemy were driven back by us, their right wing being driven on their center and left, making repeated stands and being repeatedly routed, in which this regiment captured two brass cannon, two flags, the instruments of a band, and several prisoners. Of the conduct of the regiment in action it is left for the brigade commander to speak.

The killed and wounded are as follows, to wit.*

* * * * * * *

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN M. LILLARD,

Colonel Twenty-sixth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers.

Colonel W. E. BALDWIN,

Fourteenth Mississippi, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 57. Report of Colonel Robert Farquharson, Forty-first Tennessee Infantry.

-, --, 1862.

In obedience to an order from General Pillow, the regiment arrived at Fort Donelson about 10 a. m. Thursday, February 13.

Field officers, commissioned and non-commissioned staff officers: Robert Farquharson, colonel; Robert G. McClure, lieutenant-colonel; Thomas G. Miller, major; Jake Anthony, lieutenant and adjutant; Albert G. Clopton, surgeon; William B. Smith, assistant surgeon; Edward A. Norton, acting assistant surgeon; John K. Farris, hospital steward and acting assistant surgeon; Thomas B. McNaughton, commissary of subsistence; John Gordon, acting commissary of subsistence; William E. Barringer and William G. Reed, first lieutenants and drill instructors; John L. Dusenbury, sergeant-major; Erwin P. Jett, quartermaster-sergeant, and Albert Frierson, ordnance-sergeant.

Field officers, commissioned and non-commissioned staff, &amp;c., 15. Aggregate, 575.

Casulties: Killed 2; wounded, 6; and missing, 26.

The regiment executed all the orders given to it, and as far as I know each man did his duty.

R. FARQUHARSON,

Colonel Forty-first Regiment Tennessee Volunteers.

Numbers 58. Report of Colonel John C. Brown, Third Tennessee Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.

FEBRUARY 16, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the Third, Eighteenth, and Thirty-second Tennessee Regiments, composing the Third Brigade of your division, arrived at Fort Donelson on February 9 and 10, and were assigned position by Brigadier-General Pillow, then in command, on the right of the line of defenses, the extreme right being occupied by the Second Kentucky Regiment. I commenced at once the construction of

---------------

*Nominal list omitted shows 11 killed and 85 wounded.

---------------

