
which Colonel Hanson had retired, although opposed by a superior force of fresh troops.

Captains Porter and Graves did efficient service in the engagement with their batteries; indeed they excited the admiration of the whole command by an exhibition of coolness and bravery under a heavy fire, from which they had no protection, which could not be excelled. Captain Porter fell dangerously wounded by a Minie ball through his thigh while working one of his guns, his gunners being nearly all of them disabled or killed. The command then devolved upon Lieutenant Morton, a beardless youth, who stepped forward like an old veteran, and nobly did he emulate the example of his brave captain.

Fatigue parties were employed until 2 o'clock Sunday morning strengthening our position, when an order reached me to spike the guns on my line and march my command towards the left, as on Saturday morning. The order was instantly executed, but before the column had proceeded 1 mile I was directed to countermach and reoccupy the works and display flags of truce from the front of our works. At 9 o'clock the same morning the command was surrendered.

My command was so much worn and exhausted from incessant labor and watching during the entire week, exposure to intense cold, as well as from the fatigues of the battle on the preceding day, as to be wholly unable to meet any spirit attack from the enemy on Sunday morning. Our ammunition, both for artillery and small-arms, was well-night exhausted.

It might do injustice to others to particularize many instances of daring and bravery among officers and men. With but few exceptions they all deserve the highest praise for the determined and gallant spirit with which they bore themselves under their first exposure to fire.

My killed amounted to 38; my wounded amounted to 244.

For details, reference is made to the reports of regimental commander.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. BROWN,

Colonel Third Tennessee Regiment, Commanding Third Brigade.

Major GEORGE B. COSBY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div. Central Army of Kentucky.

Numbers 59. Report of Major Nat. F. Chairs, Third Tennessee Infantry.

FORT WARRENT, BOSTON HARROR, MASS,

March 10, 1862.

The Third Tennessee Regiment of Volunteers arrived at Fort Donelson on the night of February 8, with an aggregate reported for duty of 750 men.

On the day after reaching Donelson the whole regiment was employed in the preparation of works of defense, rifle pits, trenches, &amp;c., at which both men and offices continued night and day until the evening of the 12th, at which time a skirmish took place with the Federals, about a mile or a mile and a half in advance of our trenches, by a company of the Eighteenth Tennessee Regiment, which had been sent out on picket

