
nessee Volunteers, Colonel W. M. Voorhies, and eight companies Twenty-seventh Alabama Volunteers, Colonel Hughes.

Colonel Drake's brigade: Fourth Regiment Mississippi Volunteers, Major Adair; Fifteenth Regiment Arkansas Volunteers, Colonel Gee; Alabama Battalion, Major Garvin, and Tennessee Battalion, Colonel Browder.

Colonel Davidson's brigade: Third [Twenty-third] Regiment Mississippi Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Joseph M. Wells; Eighth Regiment Kentucky Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel H. B. Lyon; Seventh Regiment Texas Volunteers, Colonel Gregg, and First Regiment Mississippi Volunteers, Colonel Simonton.

Colonel Baldwin's brigade: Twenty-sixth Regiment Mississippi Volunteers, Colonel Reynolds, and Twenty-sixth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers, Colonel Lillard.

Colonel Head's brigade, commanded by Colonel J. E. Bailey; Thirtieth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers, Major J. J. Turner; Forty-ninth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers, Colonel J. E. Bailey, and Fiftieth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers, Colonel Sugg.

Unattached commands: Twentieth Regiment Mississippi Volunteers, Major W. N. Brown; five companies Tennessee Battalion, Major S. H. Colms, and Ninth Battalion Tennessee Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Bantt.

Cavalry of colonel Forrest's regiment, commanded by Captain Overton, and consisting of Lieutenant Flournoy and five other lieutenants, and men of the Fifty-sixth, Thirty-sixth, and Fifty first Virginia Regiments, as follows: About 80 men of the Fifty-sixth, 3 of the Thirty-sixth, and 2 of the Fifty-first Virginia Regiments.

Light batteries commanded by Capts. Reuben [R.] Ross, Frank Maney, J. H. Guy, and D. A. French.

Heavy artillery, commanded by Captain Culberston.

Staff: B. R. Johnson, brigadier-general C. S. Army; George Triplett Moorman, light artillery, and Frank J. McLean, light cavalry, aides-de camp.

Reported belonging to Brigadier-General Tilghman's staff: Herbert S. Dallam, major and commissary, and Louis Gerard, light artillery.

It is proper to state that many of [the] men and officers commenced to leave Fort Donelson as soon as they were aware of the proposed surrender, and hundreds of them no doubt have made their way to their homes and to the Army. I have not learned that a single one who attempted to escape met with any obstacle.

Almost immediately upon discovering that steps had been taken towards surrendering our forces, the question occurred to me whether the example of our commanding general was an appropriate one, under the circumstances in which I was placed, to be followed, especially as I had no part in the surrender, and had only on an emergency taken command of the troops with which I had not been previously identified. I, however, concluded to stay with the men, promote their comfort as far as possible, and share their fate.

By Tuesday, February 18, the troops of my command had been separated from me, having been sent down the river on board of steamers, and I concluded that it was unlikely that I could be of any more service to them. I, however, formed no purpose or plan of escape.

In the afternoon, towards sunset, of February 18 I walked out with a Confederate officer and took my course towards the rifle pits on the hill, formerly occupied by Colonel Heiman, and finding no sentinel to obstruct me, I passed on and was soon beyond the Federal encampments. I had

