
we were going to evacuate the place and retreat towards Charlotte, Tenn. I was directed to have my men supplied with subsistence, ammunition, blankets, and knapsacks, the time, position, and their formation on the field being designated in the order. The command was duly formed by the time designated, but the necessity of carrying out the order was obviated by instructions afterward received from General Buckner, referred to in my original report. The necessity for the statement of these facts was not foreseen when I prepared my original report.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement Numbers 1.]

I have compared the above copy with the original supplemental report of General B. R. Johnson, and attest it as a true copy.

W. H. HUMPHREYS,

Confederate States District Judge.

[Indorsement Numbers 2.]

The services detailed in this report having been performed while Brigadier General B. R. Johnson was under my immediate command, and General Floyd being out of the service and inaccessible, and General A. S. Johnson being dead, I forward this report directly to the Secretary of War, through the Adjutant-General.

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

Numbers 63. Report of Colonel A. Heiman, Tenth Tennessee Infantry, commanding brigade.

RICHMOND, VA., August 9, 1862.

SIR: My imprisonment since the surrender of the troops at Fort Donelson has prevented me from reporting the operations of the brigade under my command during the action at Fort Donelson before now. In the absence of General Pillow, who commanded the division to which my brigade was attached, it becomes my duty, and I have the honor, to submit to you the following report:

After the battle of Fort Henry, on February 6 last, I was directed by General Tilghman, then in command of the defenses of the Tennessee and Cumberland Rivers, to retreat with the garrison of the fort by the upper road to Fort Donelson. The garrison consisted, besides the company of artillery which was surrendered with the fort, of two brigades, the first commanded by myself and the second by Colonel Drake, consisting of an aggregate of about 2,600 men. After a very tedious march we reached Fort Donelson at 12 o'clock at night, where Colonel Head, of the Thirtieth Tennessee, was in command during the absence of General Tilghman. Expecting the arrival of General B. R. Johnson and other general officers in a few days I did not assume command, which would have been my duty, being next in command to General Tilghman.

General Johnson arrived on the 8th, General Pillow on the 9th, General Buckner on the 12th, and General Floyd on the 13th of February.

The brigade assigned to my command consisted of the Tenth Tennes-

