HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH BRIGADE,Camp Pardee, January 5, 1862.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding Division of Kanawha

DEAR SIR: I am now within 5 miles of Paintsville. The main force of the enemy is entrenched on two hills, 3 miles back of the town, on the road to Prestonburg. Five hundred of his cavalry are encamped at the mouth of Jennie's Creek, 2 miles west of Paintsville. We are skirmishing with his scouts daily. He has lately been re-enforced by 40 of Jenkins' cavalry and a few hundred men who were driven in from West Liberty by the Fortieth Ohio, which is advancing toward Prestonburg. My Kentucky forces are very slow in coming up, and I have but 1,300 men here, though I expect 500 of the Twenty-second Kentucky to reach me in a few days. I am also exceedingly glad to hear that Colonel Bolles, of your department, is coming with 500 cavalry to join me. For this I am under great obligations to you.

By examining the position of our own and the enemy's forces, I relieve it the force which you have sent to Logan County could be sent west-ward, and act in concert with our forces here, the enemy's retreat could be completely cut off, and his whole army, which now amounts to from 4,000 to 5,000, could be captured. I have learned that there is feasible route from Logan County to the Big Sandy down the valley of John's Creek, or, in case the enemy should retreat, your column could had him off on his route from Prestonburg to Piketon.

If it is consistent with the interests of your command, I hope you will allow that column to act in concert with me.

Very truly, yours,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH BRIGADE,Camp Pardee, January 5, 1862.

Captain JACOB HEATON,

Acting Assistant Commissary Subsistence

DEAR SIR: My messenger has just returned, bringing your dispatches.* I am exceedingly grateful for the very prompt and energetic manner in which you have pushed our interests in regard to re-enforcements. It took nearly two days for us to get our own train over the mountains to this place, 3 miles from our former camp. Here I have wait two days for us to get our own train over the mountains to this place, 3 miles from our former camp. Here I have waited two days to hear from our re-enforcements. We are now within 5 miles of Paintsville and 6 1/2 miles from the mouth of Jennie's Creek, where the rebel cavalry are encamped. We have had two slight skirmishes with their pickets within the last twenty-four hours. They have been re-enforced within the last few days, and I have some reason to believe that Jenkins has joined them with 400 of his men.

I am exceedingly anxious to reach the river, where we can get stores by boat, and also I desire to occupy the mouth of Jennie's Creek. I expect to move to-morrow, and if Colonel Bolles' cavalry reaches me I shall be able to accomplish both these purposes soon.

From a messenger just arrived I learn that pat of Colonel Lingsey's force has reached Louisa, and part of the rest will be there this evening. Now the river has so raised that I think his regiment can be taken up

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

