
quicked for 1 1/2 miles through the mud, ice, and snow, formed in front of the enemy, and, with a brisk fire of some twenty minutes, caused the enemy to retire. I believe you were present and know with what gallantry it was done.

Before closing my report I will call your attention to the cool and gallant conduct of Colonel Quarles. He was always at the head of his regiment, and set a gallant example for his officers and men.

The loss of the regiment was 11 wounded, 4 mortally. The number engaged was 498, rank and file.

The above report is respectfully submitted.

T. McGINNIS,

Acting Adjutant Forty-second Tennessee Regiment.

Brigadier-General BUCKNER.

Numbers 65. Report of Lieutenant R. B. Ryan, Aide-de-Camp, of operations of Davidson's Brigade.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., March 6, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part which was taken by Colonel Davidson's brigade in the action near Fort Donelson, on Saturday, the 15th of FebrUary last.

On Saturday morning, between 3 and 4 o'clock, Colonel Davidson ordered me to have the four regiments composing his brigade in readiness to march at a moment's notice. As soon as the commanders of the regiments had been notified orders were received from yourself to hurry the formation of the brigade behind the left of our line of entrenchments, which orders were executed, I think, before 5 o'clock. Taking the position assigned us in the column under command of Colonel Simonton, of the First Mississippi, we moved forward in the following order, marching by the right flank: The Third [Twenty-third] Mississippi, Lieutenant-Colonel Wells, on the right; the Eighth Kentucky, Lieutenant-Colonel Lyon, on the right of the center; the Seventh Texas, Colonel Gregg, on the left of the center; the First Mississippi, Lieutenant-Colonel Hamilton, on the left.

When our right had advanced half way up the hill or ridge, occupied by the enemy, the Third Mississippi was ordered forward into line and shortly after came into action; the Eighth Kentucky was met by such a heavy fire that it was formed in a hollow to the right of the Third Mississippi, and moved forward in line of battle, receiving a very severe and destructive fire from the first moment of coming into action. The regiments of Colonel Gregg and Lieutenant-Colonel Hamilton were formed into line of battle to the right of the Eighth Kentucky and Colonel Simonton was afraid our men would give way, and send me to General Pillow for some re-enforcement at about 8 o'clock. General Pillow gave me orders for a regiment stationed on the extreme left of our line to move to our assistance, i found it to be the Thirty-sixth Virginia, under command of the major, whose name I do not know, and conducted suggested to the major to form and bring his men into action so as to take the enemy, that was pressing us so hard, in the flank, which he did and his men fought gallantly.

