
Numbers 76. Report of Captain T. W. Beaumont, Fiftieth Tennessee Infantry, commanding battery.

JACKSON, MISS., October 1, 1862.

In compliance with your order I submit the following report:

During the several engagements between the batteries at Fort Donelson and the Federal gunboats on the 12th, 13th, 14th, and 15th of February, 1862, my company, numbering 67 effective men, had charge of four 32-pounders, under your command. There were no serious casualties of any kind. Two large shots penetrated the battery without doing my harm, and some few of the men were slightly bruised by lumps of earth thrown up by the balls of the enemy, and one by the rebound of a canister shot which struck one of the guns.

Gun Numbers 1, nearest the river, was superintended by Lieutenant George Maring; Numbers 2 by Major Robertson, formerly a lieutenant in my company (who volunteered his services on the occasion), and Numbers 3 by Lieutenant W. C. Allen, and each was admirably served by these gallant officers. Gun Numbers 4 was managed by Lieutenant Raimey.

Among the privates who acted with conspicuous courage and coolness were Elisha Downs, Poston Couts, Nelson Davis, Isaac Christie, William Trotter, Thomas Pearce, and R. M. Crumpler.

Sergt. J. S. Martin and Corpl. W. H. Proctor deserve honorable mention as gallant and meritorious non-commissioned officers. Corp. Dan. C. Lyle had charge of the battery magazine, and by his efficiency aided materially in the victory achieved over the gunboats.

T. W. BEAUMONT,

Captain Company A, Fiftieth Tennessee Volunteers, Detached.

Major CULBERTSON,

Commanding Heavy Artillery, Fort Donelson, Tenn.

Numbers 77. Report of Captain R. R. Ross, Maury Artillery.

RICHMOND, VA., October 16, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to state to you the events of the heavy artillery engagement which came under my observation at the battle of Fort Donelson.

On Tuesday, February 11, the day before the battle began, I reported the arrival of my battery entire to General Pillow at Dover. It was a light battery, called the Maury Artillery. The general ordered me to take position on the left of our line of battle in his brigade. We had not more than reached this position before orders came to all or most of the captains of light batteries to report at headquarters. Arriving, we were informed by the general that one company was needed at the heavy batteries, remarking that it was the "post of danger, but the post of honor." I accepted the position and obeyed the order to distribute my artillery and ammunition out among the other batteries. The men had never learned the heavy artillery drill, so we went with all speed to get all the practice possible. Arriving there, Captain Dixon, commanding, assigned us to the columbiands, consisting of a 32 caliber rifle and a 10-inch smooth bore. Two 32-pounder sea-coast howitzers were also placed in charge of this company. The remaining guns (32-pounders), eight in

