
and under the river bank, the enemy collected in small squads at distances form 400 to 800 yards from the stream, and were again scattered by spherical case shot thrown by the 6-pounder, after which they entirely disappeared.

In addition to the two pickets captured, as before stated, a Federal flag hoisted in the town and the United States mail, found at the post-office, were taken. The pickets are citizens, who were compelled to perform that service. [They] were unarmed and I have released them.

The only casualty on our side was the wounding of Private Dugan, of Captain Chrisman's company, by a Minie ball fired near the close of the engagement. The would is sever, but not mortal. Upon the side of the enemy I observed 6 men to fall, who remained in view and medicines, who stated to him that 7 men were found dead on the field, 1 badly wounded and expected to die during the night, and that 4 wounded men were taken off by the cavalry; also that 5 horses were killed by the spherical case shot that exploded in the cabin; 2 other horse were killed by a similar shot at a different place.

The Federal force we engaged was of Colonel Jackson's regiment, posted at Litchfield.

The firing by Lieutenant Orlin was admirable, approaching almost to the accuracy ot rifle practice.

Both officers and men, without exception, deported themselves well. Carelessness of their own safety, by which Private Dugan received his wound, was the only part of their conduct not to be approved.

I ordered sundry articles belonging to P. H. Solman, merchant, who conducted the Yankees into Brownsville yesterday morning, and is known to get in constant communication with the enemy, to be taken for hospital use. They are turned over to the brigade quartermaster and will be regularly invoiced.

Very respectfully,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant D. G. WHITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 24-DECEMBER 5, 1861. - Forrest's Expedition to Caseyville, Eddyville, &amp;c., Ky

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Colonel N. B. Forrest, Tennessee Cavalry (Confederate).

Numbers 2. - Lieutenant Colonel James Peckham, Eighth Missouri Infantry.

No. 1. Report of Colonel N. B. Forrest, Tennessee Cavalry (Confederate).

REGIMENTAL HEADQUARTERS,

Hopkinsville, Ky., December 5, 1861.

Leaving Hopkinsville November 24 with 300 men and their officers, under orders form brigade headquarters, we went to Greenville, where we found some arms and equipments belonging to the enemy, as will

