
information sought by the "resolution of inquiry adopted by the House of Representatives in regard to the disaster at Forts Henry and Donelson," &amp;c., and replying to the "additional resolution of the House of Representatives," adopted March 31, 1862, calling for the official response of general A. S. Johnston to the interrogatories propounded to him in regard to these subjects; and also for a copy of the supplementary report of General Pillow in regard to the affair at Fort Donelson, &c.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., March 31, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following answer, prepared by my predecessor in office, to the resolution of inquiry adopted by the House of Representatives in regard to the disasters at Fort Henry and Donelson, &c.

I have just had the honor to receive a copy of the additional resolution of the House of Representatives, this day adopted, calling for the official response of General Albert S. Johnston to the interrogatories propounded to him in regard to those subject; and also for a copy of the supplementary report of General Pillow in regard to the affair at Fort Donelson, &c.*

I have the honor to reply that the Department is unformatted that General Johnston is engaged, as rapidly as the circumstances of his command will permit, in regarding an answer to these inquires, and it is not deemed expedient to submit General Pillow's supplementary report in advance of the other military documents by which it should be accompanied. Only a copy of this report has been submitted to the Department. The original is in possession of General Johnston, and will be forwarded by him, with the accompanying documents, in connection with his own report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT.

[Subinclosure.]

I have the honor to submit the following answers to certain inquiries of the House of Representatives of which copies were furnished to this Department on the 11th instant. Much delay has intervened in the hope of receiving such report from the army in Tennessee as would render it possible to make full and satisfactory answer. Some of these reports are still delayed, and it is therefore considered due to the House to give all the information now possessed by the Department and add hereafter whatever further details may be received. The inquiries and answers have been numbered for ta sake of convenience:

1. At what period was it that the Confederate forces under General Johnston first established themselves in the city of Bowling Green and what was our force at that time and within the period of a week?

2. What was the force of the enemy at that period between Bowling Green and the Ohio River and where located?

General Johnston first established himself with the Confederate forces at Bowling Green early in October; the precise day not known.

There is nothing on file in the Department showing the number of his forces and those

---------------

* See his report of March 14, p. 285.

---------------

