
As to the subsequent surrender and the circumstances connected with it, I have no personal knowledge. We went to rest supposing ourselves completely victorious, but I was informed by several persons, especially by some prisoners, than on that night as well as on the night previous the enemy were re-enforced to an extent that increased their army to had been led to believe that they were on their way to our relief from Bowling Green.

I have already referred to our movements on Saturday morning. When the intelligence of our surrender was communicated to the troops there was a general feeling of indignation, mingled with surprise, among all. The men were frantic to be permitted to fight their way out. It is my firm belief and the general impression that had a re-enforcement of 10,000 men reached us on Sunday morning we could have held out and secured a decisive victory.

Interrogatory, by H. S. Foote. Had the steamer or steamers that were employed in taking off General; Floyd and his command been employed in removing our men munitions of war on Saturday night, could they have done so?

Answer. Yes; two boats could have taken the men and munitions of war in two hours. The enemy did not come within gunshot distance of the fort until after the surrender. Has some 5,000 men been kept in the entrenchments even on Sunday morning, we could have transferred across the river 10,000 men.

JACK DAVIS,

Captain Co. E, Colonel John Gregg's Regiment Texas Volunteers.

Statement of Lieutenant Colonel Milton A. Haynes.

RICHMOND, VA., March 24, 1862.

SIR: In answer to the order of your committee, requiring me to report the facts connected with the defense and fall of Fort Donelson, I have the honor to inform you that on January 15 last I was ordered by Major-General Polk to proceed at once from Columbus, Ky., to Forts Henry and Donelson, to take charge of the artillery forces at those points.

The next day I reported in person to Brigadier-General Tilghman at Fort Henry, and by his order was appointed chief of artillery of the Fourth Division, and directed to Fort Donelson, to take charge of the artillery there, he saying that for the present he would attend to Fort Henry.

That same day I proceeded to Donelson and at once entered upon my duty. There was but one artillery company (Captain Maney's light battery) there; but two volunteer infantry companies, under Captains Beaumont and Bidwell, had been detailed to man the heavy guns; but they had been but slightly and imperfectly trained, and captain Bidwell's not at all. I at once organized these three companies into a battalion and placed them under daily instruction. I telegraphed to General Polk for officers of artillery to act as instructors, and he sent to me for duty Lieutenants Martin and McDaniel, who drilled the men daily at the heavy guns, and they were, under my own eye, taught to fire their guns at targets 1,000, 1,500, and 2,000 yards, and the elevation for particular range explained and taught to them. Every man in the battalion of artillery, nearly 300, who was fit for duty, was required to labor in mounting the guns, repairing and finishing the melons,

