
that on Saturday night Captain Bidwell and one private of artillery, Lieutenant Burt and about 40 men, and all the horses of Captain Porter's light battery and Colonel Forrest's regiment of cavalry and many stragglers from various corps, made good their retreat without meeting any obstruction from the enemy.

In justice to myself, as I was in charge of the artillery for a short time at Fort Donelson, I ought to add that I had nothing whatever to do with the exterior defenses of the place, which were arranged under the direction of the commanding general and engineers.

In my opinion the site itself was the most unfortunate - first, because the space inclosed by the trenches formed a cul-de-sac, divided in the middle by a sheet of backwater, thus rendering communication between the wings of our army difficult and hazardous; second, because the area inclosed, though strong itself, was surrounded at a distance of from 800 to 1,200 yards by a range of hills higher than those occupied by us, thus affording a commanding position (eagerly seized by the enemy) for their batteries of rifled guns, from which they could reach every point within our lines.

Hence the utmost courage and endurance could not and did not avail to save us from disaster; but the deeds of daring performed by our army will from the brightest picture in the pages of our history and render the names of the heroes who feel on Dover's blood-stained hills immortal.

Respectfully,

MILTON A. HAYNES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Chief of Corps of Tennessee Artillery.

Major Munford's answers to interrogations of Special Committee.*

Answer 1st. General Johnston did not take command in person at Bowling Green till October 28, 1861. he arrived there on the 14th, and General Buckner remained till the 28th.

Answer 2nd. The force under Buckner when General Johnson arrived was a fraction under 6,000 and were being re-enforce by Major-General Hardee's division, of about 5,000, and Colonel Terry's regiment of texas Rangers, about 1,000, making the force before General Johnston took immediate command within a fraction of 12,000. I have not the means of stating the weekly increase. Disease fell upon the army, particularly measles, both at Bowling Green and at the different rendezvous for fresh enlistments which had not been turned over to the Confederacy. It was a terrible scourge, and the ranks were so thinned that on the last of November our effective force was estimated at 12,500, showing no material increase for more than a month.

Answer 3rd. I do not know. General Buckner took possession of Bowling Green on September 17 with about 4,000 troops. I have heard, and believe it to be true, that as Buckner moved in on side of Kentucky Rousseau moved in on the other. Rousseau's force, or the number of Home Guards, who were regarded as equally hostile to us, I do not know, nor have I heard. This, however, is true: that on October 4 General Buckner dispatches to General Johnston at Columbus that the enemy, 13,000 or 14,000 strong, were advancing upon him; that his own (Buckner's) force was "less than 6,000," and asked for re-enforcements.

It was this dispatch which led to re-enforcing Bowling Green as

---------------

* Interrogatories not found.

---------------

