
The same question being propounded to Captain Turner, he says he concurs in the responses made by Colonel McCausland, and adopts his statements above as his to the same questions.

F. P. TURNER,

Captain Company G, Thirty-sixth Virginia Regiment.

Interrogatories propounded to Colonel Russell.

1st. How long was your regiment a part of General Floyd's brigade?

2nd. What was the number of your regiment at Fort Donelson in the battle which led to the surrender?

3rd. How many were absent on furlough, sick leave, and otherwise, and where were they?

4th. How many escaped with General Floyd from the surrender?

5th. How many escaped after the surrender who were on the field of battle and what means were open to them of effecting their escape?

6th. Where was your regiment when the other portion of General Floyd's brigade escaped and what were they engaged in doing?

7th. Why did they occupy the position assigned them?

8th. How wide is the backwater of the slough over which the men of your regiment escaped? Did your son and others make their escape across that water? Relate the circumstances of their escape.

9th. Was that portion of your regiment on duty wholly left at Donelson or not?

10th. State any other facts you know or have learned bearing upon the case.

Answers of Colonel Daniel R. Russell to questions propounded by Special Committee of the House of Representatives.

Answer to 1st interrogation. My regiment joined General Floyd about September 25, 1861, and was with him about five months.

Answer to 2d. A memorandum from my adjutant, sent to me, shows an aggregate, on February 13, of 552.

Answer to 3rd. I cannot answer accurately without my regimental books. The aggregate of the regiment was something over 800; thus the number absent would be about 250. Some were at their homes sick and on furlough; some at Nashville, Clarksville, and elsewhere in hospitals, and some on detached service at Cumberland City and elsewhere, tamers, &amp;c.

Answer to 4th. I have been able to hear of but one man (him I saw), by name Henry Willford. After the boat pushed off he says he jumped into the water and clambered over the guards of the boat. It is possible some wounded went up with General Floyd. The boat used by General Floyd was the General Anderson.

Answer to 5th. I do not know certainly. I have seen 5 men, communicated with others, and suppose, from all I can learn, about 25. Their means of escape were rafts to cross the river or skiffs, or to wade through a sheet of backwater in the rear and left of the army.

Answer to 6th. I do not know, except from narration of those who were in the field, officers and others, who say they were drawn up in military order on the bank of the river near where the Anderson backed, and that they were guarding the gangways to the boat, to secure order in embarking the troops. My regiment, in the march from Clarksville,

