
was the left and rear of Floyd's brigade, and I suppose was still in that position, and hence would be last to embark, unless the order of march was reversed.

Answer to 7th. I have never seen the slough, but have been told by person who waded through it on Sunday morning that it was about 50 yards wide. My son made his escape with Adjutant Couper and Lieutenant Conway after they were ordered to stack arms. They waded the slough, which my son says was about breast-high to him, and then they marched, without encountering the enemy, to the railroad, reaching it at Columbia, Tenn.

Answer to 8th. I have heard of no one who was not left that was on duty on the field. Williford made his escape, as stated above, after the boat left.

DAN. R. RUSSELL,

Colonel Twentieth Mississippi Regiment.

FEBRUARY 13, 1862.- Skirmish near Fort Heiman, Ky.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Miller, First Battalion Mississippi Cavalry.

CAMP PORTER, Paris, February 14, 1862.

Having learned that the enemy were committing terrible depredations on the citizens between Concord and Fort Heiman, I took on yesterday two battalions, Hill's and Hernandon's, and proceeded to that neighborhood, intending to strike the road leading to those points about midway, and thus cut off any detachments tat might have been sent off towards Concord. I entered the road about 4 miles from the fort, but found by my advance guards that their pickets were near us, and in a few movements observed the enemy throwing out skirmishers. I took a position with my force, but the ground being exceedingly broken and hilly, unfit for cavalry, I fell back to the west, to find ground upon which we could operate.

I soon learned that the enemy had learned of our coming and had a regiment of infantry in waiting to surprise us.

I detached Captain Stock's company to act as skirmishers in the rear and right over a ridge around which the enemy were attempting to come up. He soon was engaged in a skirmish with the enemy, but seeing their whole force, about 200, before him, he fell back, having 2 men wounded slightly, and 1 I fear mortally, who was left on the field.

captain Stock reported 2 or 3 of the enemy killed.

The expedition was undertaken at the earnest entreaty of the citizens, to check the depredations of the enemy and to force them to draw in their foraging parties.

I now believe they had been advised of our coming, and my advance guards and skirmishers saved us from a surprise.

General, what am I to do with my men this terrible weather? Half supplied with tents and cooking utensils, we cannot remain in this condition. I beg your attention to their wants. Pagett's, Hubbard's, and Houston's broken companies have no tents at all or supplies of any kind, having lost them at Fort Heiman.

J. H. MILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Major-General POLK.

