
I brought down under arrest a man named William P Poole, who was been active in oppressing Union men in his community. I have warned the inhabitants of the different towns of the river that I would hold secessionists and their property responsible for any outrages committed on Unionists in their community. I have enlisted seventeen men and have brought down fourteen refugees.

Hoping that my course will meet your approval, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. GWIN,

Lieutenant, Commanding.

Flag-Officer A. H. Foote, U. S. N.,

Commanding Naval Forces on Western Waters.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, CAIRO, ILL., February 24, 1862.

The within paper, which contains important facts and good suggestion, was written after discussion of the subject with me and at my request. With the Tennessee River as a line of operations, Corinth, the junction of the Mobile with the Memphis Railroad, becomes an important objective point, which turns Columbia on the left and Memphis on the right. Leaving the Tennessee at Hammond, a good road, 18 miles long, leads direct to Corinth.

G. W. CULLUM,Brigadier General Vols., U. S. A., Chief of Staff and Engr.

FEBRUARY 19, 1862.- Clarksville, Tenn., occupied by United States forces.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Flag-Officer Andrew H. Foote, U. S. Navy.

Numbers 2.- Brigadier General U. S. Grant, U. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Flag-Officer Andrews H. Foote, U. S. Navy.

U. S. FLAG-STEAMER CONESTOGA,

Fort Donelson, February 20, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to inform the Department that I left Cairo with the Conestoga, Lieutenant-Commander Phelps, on the 18th instant, having previously dispatched the gunboat Cairo, Lieutenant-Commander Bryant, and six mortar boats, in charge of Lieutenant Bishop and Lieutenant Lyford as ordnance officer, for Fort Donelson.

Yesterday (on the 19th instant) I came up the river on an armed reconnaissance with the Conestoga and cairo, having Colonel Webster, of the Engineer Corps, and chief of General Grant's staff, on board. On nearing Fort Defiance, near Clarksville, we found a white flag displayed, and on landing found the fort deserted. Lieutenant-Commander Phelps and Colonel Webster took possession of the fort, the former hoisting the American flag. There were three guns mounted on this fort, three in the fort near the city, and two in a fort a short distance up the Red River.

On reaching Clarksville I sent for the authorities of the city, and soon after the Honorable Cave Johnson, the mayor, and Judge Wisdom came aboard, stating that the rebel soldiers had left the city, and. with the portion of the defeated army which had escaped from Fort Donelson,

