
had fled to Nashville, after having wantonly burned the splendid railroad bridge near the city, against the remonstrance of the citizens. I further ascertained that two-thirds of the citizens had fled from the place panic-stricken. In short, the city was in a state of the wildest commotion from the rumors that we would not respect the citizens either in their persons or their property.

I assured those gentleman that we cam not to destroy anything but tents, military stores, and many equipments. With this assurance they earnestly importuned me to issue a proclamation embodying my views and intentions to the citizens, that the confidence and quiet of the community might be restored. I was constrained, contrary to my predetermination of never writing such a document, to issue the proclamation of which the inclosed is a copy.

I leave this morning with the Conestoga to bring up one or two ironclad gunboats with the vessel and six mortar boats, and then proceed with all possible dispatch up the Cumberland River to Nashville, and, in conjunction with the army, make an attack on Nashville. The rebels have great terror of the gunboats, as will be seen in their papers. One of them a short distance above Fort Donelson had previously fired an iron-rolling mill belonging to the Honorable John Bell.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. FOOTE,

Flag-Officer, Commanding Naval Forces Western Waters.

P. S.- I write in great hurry, as mail-boat is waiting.

[Inclosure.]

PROCLAMATION.

To the Inhabitants of Clarksville, Tenn.:

At the suggestion of the Honorable Cave Honson, Judge Wisdom, and the mayor of the city, who called upon me yesterday, after our hoisting the Union flag and taking possession of the forts, to ascertain my views and intentions towards the citizens and private property, I hereby announce to all peaceably-disposed persons that neither on their persons nor in their property shall they suffer molestation by me or the naval force under my command, and that they may in safety resume their business avocations with the assurance of my protection.

At the same time I require that all military stores and army equipments shall surrendered, no part being withheld or destroyed; and, further, that no secession flag or manifestation of secession feeling shall be exhibited; and for the faithful observance of these conditions I shall hold the authorities of the city responsible.

A. H. FOOTE,

Flag-Officer, Commanding Naval Forces Western Waters.

U. S. FLAG-STEAMER CONESTOGA,

Clarksville, Tenn., February 20, 1862.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General U. S. Grant, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT WEST TENNESSEE,Fort Donelson, February 21, 1862.

I am now in possession of Clarksville, but will move no force there except General Smith's division until I hear from General Halleck.

