
Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General D. C. Buell, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Ohio.

NASHVILLE, TENN., February 26, 1862.

I arrived opposite the city with Mitchell's division, about 9,000 effective, on the night of the 24th. The enemy's cavalry were still in the city in small force. I did not intend to cross until I could do so in sufficient force to run no great hazard, but during the night General Nelson arrived with about 7,000 men, and landed before I was aware of it. I deemed it unadvisable to withdraw them, lest it should embolden the enemy and have a bad effect on the people, and so determined to cross with all the force at hand, and we are now crossing and taking a position some 4 or 5 miles out in the direction of Murfreesborough. The difficulty of crossing the river is very great. Notwithstanding we have steamers, the want of fuel for them is a most embarrassing matter. Our force is too small, and others a strong inducement to the enemy, only 30 miles distant, with some 30,000 men, to assume the offensive; but I have deemed it necessary to run the risk. I have dispatches steamers to bring up the force at Clarksville, and our troops are moving on from Bowling Green as rapidly as possible, but it must be two or three days before we will be able to show much force. General Thomas' division ought to be here by water by the 13th of March. The troops from Clarksville may be here to-night. McCok's division will, I hope, be up to the river to-morrow, and will then have to cross. If the enemy advances, as said to be intention, we will probably meet him to-morrow. It is said here that the enemy has either evacuated Columbus or is doing so. There are no violent demonstrations of hostility, though the mass of the people appear to look upon us as invaders, but I have seen several strong indications of loyalty in individuals.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel James Barnett, U. S. Army, of ordnance captured.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., December 5, 1862.

GENERAL: Below is a report of the number and caliber of guns, mounted and dismounted, at Nashville, which were captured from the enemy:

Numbers 1, 24-pounder iron gun, mounted on bank of river near reservoir.

Numbers 2, 32-pounder iron gun (Parrott), mounted on corner of reservoir.

Numbers 3, 24-pounder iron gun (smooth bore), mounted on Lebanon pike.

Numbers 4, 32-pounder iron gun (Parrott), mounted on end of Summer street.

Numbers 5, 32-pounder iron gun (Parrott), mounted at General Palmer's headquarters.

Numbers 6, 24-pounder iron gun (smooth bore), mounted under Saint Cloud Hill.

