
Nos. 7 and 8, 24-pounder iron guns (smooth bore), mounted on Fort Negley.

Numbers 9, 24-pounder iron gun (smooth bore), mounted at railroad tunell.

Numbers 10, 24-pounder iron gun (smooth bore), dismounted at Fort Negley.

Numbers 11, 32-pounder howitzer (iron), mounted at old Lunatic Asylum.

Numbers 12, 32-pounder iron Parrott, mounted on floating bridge.

Dismounted at ordnance depot: one 100-pounder columbiad, two 32-pounder rifled iron guns, five 24-pounder carronades, and twelve 6-pounder iron guns, unserviceable, spiked; three 24-pounder iron smooth bores and one 18-pounder iron smooth bore, serviceable, and four 6-pounder iron guns, unserviceable.

Of the guns at the ordnance depot there are but three 24-pounders and one 18-pounder iron smooth bores that are considerable safe.

Very respectfully,

JAMES BARNETT,

Colonel, and Chief of Artillery Fourteenth Army Corps.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 4. Report of General A. Sidney Johnston, C. S. Army, commanding Western Department.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Murfreesborough, Tenn., February 25, 1862.

SIR: The fall of Fort Donelson compelled me to withdraw the remaining forces under my command from the north of the Cumberland and to abandon the defense of Nashville, which but for that disaster it was my intention to protect to the utmost. Not more than 11,000 effective men were left under my command to oppose a column of General Buell's of not less then 40,000 troops, moving by Bowling Green, while another superior force, under General Thomas, outflanked me to the east, and the army from Fort Donelson, with the gunboats and transports, had it in their power to ascend the Cumberland, now swollen by recent flood, so as to intercept all communication with the South. The situation left me no alternative but to evacuate Nashville or sacrifice the army. By remaining the place would have been unnecessarily subjected to destruction, as it is very indefensible, and no adequate force would have been left to keep the enemy in check in Tennessee.

Under these circumstances I moved the main body of my command to this place on the 17th and 18th instant, and left a brigade under General Floyd to bring on such stores and property as were at Nashville, with instructions to remain until the approach of the enemy, had then to rejoin me. This has been in a great measure effected; and nearly all the stores would have been saved but for the heavy and unusual rains, which have washed away the bridges, swept away portions of the railroad, and rendered transportation almost impossible. General Floyd has arrived here.

The rear guard left Nashville on the night of the 23d. Edgefield, on the north bank of the Cumberland, opposite the city, was occupied yesterday by the advance pickets of the enemy.

I have remained here for the purpose of augmenting my forces and

