
Common rumor and many reliable citizens informed me that major Stevenson left by a special train Sunday evening, February 16, taking personal baggage, furniture, carriage, and carriage-horses, the train ordered by himself, as president of the railroad.

Interrogatory 14th. All the means of transportation were actually necessary for the transportation of Government stores and sick and wounded soldiers, many of whom fell into the hands of the enemy for want of it, and might have been saved by the proper use of the means at hand. The necessity for these means of transportation for stores will be seen by the above answers which I have given. I have been compelled to be as brief as possible in making the above answers, my whole time being engaged, as we seem to be upon the eve of another great battle. The city was in a much worse condition than I can convey an idea of on paper, and the loss of public stores must be estimated by millions of dollars. The panic was entirely useless and not at all justified by the circumstances. General Harding and the mayor of the city, with Mr. Williams, deserve special mention for assistance rendered in removing the public property. In my judgment, if the quartermaster and commissar had remained at their post and worked diligently with the means at their command, the Government stores might all have been saved between the time of the fall of Fort Donelson and the arrival the enemy at Nashville.

Respectfully, submitted.

N. B. FORREST,

Colonel, Commanding Forrest's Brigade of Cavalry.

Numbers 7. Colonel Leon Trousdale's responses to interrogatories of Committee of Confederate House of Representatives.

RICHMOND, VA., March 11, 1862.

SIR: Herewith I hand you my answers to the interrogatories propounded to me by the committee and transmitted to me by you.

Very respectfully,

LEON TROUSDALE.

To the CLERK of the Special Committee on the Recent Military Disasters of Forts Henry and Donelson.

Answer to interrogatory 1st. I am a resident of Nashville, and my occupation is that of editor and publisher of a public journal.

2nd. I left the city of Nashville about 9 o'clock on the morning of February 23, just one week after the surrender of Fort Donelson.

3rd. General A. Sidney Johnston arrived at Nashville and took quarters in the village of Edgefield, on the opposite bank of the Cumberland River, a few days before the fall of Donelson; the precise date I do not recollect. His forces were left in the rear, and did not reach Nashville until Sunday, February 16, when they passed through the city and marched in the direction of Murfreesborough. I understand that the last brigade passed through the city on Monday. General Floyd's brigade afterwards arrived from Donelson.

4th. The advance of General Buell's forces arrived at Edgefield, opposite Nashville, on Sunday morning, February 23.

