
MARCH 2-3, 1862.- Columbus, Ky., evacuated by the Confederate and occupied by the Union forces.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Flag-Officer Andrew H. Foote, U. S. Navy.

Numbers 2.- Brigadier General George W. Cullum, U. S. Army.

Numbers 3.- Major General Leonidas Polk, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Flag-Officer Andrew H. Foote, U. S. Navy.

COLUMBUS, KY., March 4, 1862.

SIR: Columbus is in our possession. My armed reconnaissance on the 2nd instant caused a hasty evacuation, the rebels leaving quite a number of guns and carriages, ammunition, and a large quantity of shot and shell, a considerable number of anchors, and the remnant of chain lately stretched across the river, with a large number of torpedoes. Most of the huts, tents, and quarters destroyed. The works are of very great strength, consisting of formidable tiers of batteries on the water side and on the land side, surrounded by a ditch and abatis.

General Sherman, with Lieutenant-Commander Phelps, not knowing that the works were last evening occupied by 400 of the Second Illinois Cavalry as a scouting party, sent by General Sherman from Paducah, made a bold dash to the shore under the water batteries, hoisting the American flag on the summit of the bluff, greeted by the hearty cheers of our brave tars and soldiers. the force consisted of six gunboats, four mortar boats, and three transports, having on board two regiments and two battalions of infantry, under command of Colonel Buford and Lieutenant-Colonel Northrop, Majors Sanger and Andrews. Generals Cullum and Sherman, being in command of the troops - the former leaving a sick bed to go ashore - discovered what was evidently a magazine on fire at both extremities, and immediately ordered the train to be cut, and thus saved the lives of the garrison.

While I cannot express too strongly my admiration of the gallantry and wise counsels of the distinguished chief of staff and engineer of General Halleck (General Cullum), I must also add that Commanders Dove, Walke, Stembel, and Lieutenant-Commanders Paulding, Thompson, Shirk, and Phelps - the latter being in command of the mortar division, assisted by Lieutenant Lyford, of the Ordnance Corps of the U. S. Army - nobly performed their duty.

I have my flag aboard the Cincinnati, commanded by the gallant Commander Stembel.

General Sherman remains temporarily in command at Columbus.

A. H. FOOTE,

Flag-Officer.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General George W. Cullum, U. S. Army.

COLUMBUS, KY., March 4, 1862.

Columbus, the Gibraltar of the West, is ours, and Kentucky is free; thanks to the brilliant strategy of the campaign, by which the enemy's center was pierced at Forts Henry and Donelson, his wings isolated from

