HEADQUARTERS EAST TENNESSEE BRIGADE,Camp Calvert, November 25, 1861.

(Received November 29, 1861.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. THOMAS, U. S. A.,

Commanding, &amp;c., Danville, Ky.:

GENERAL: Yours of the 23rd instant, inclosing orders from department headquarters for me to remain at london, has been received.

The sick of First and Second East Tennessee Regiments have been sent on and will probably reach Crab Orchard to-day. As there are good hospital accommodation there, I have directed that they be kept at that place for the present. I have sent to recall the commissary stores which had been forwarded.

The order to remain was received with general satisfaction.

The rebel force at Cumberland Gap is, from the best information I can obtain, so small, that I think we will meet with but little opposition in case it is determined to advance by that pass. Our desires are to get to East Tennessee as soon as possible, in order that our loyal friends there may be relieved. Many of them have been lying out in the woods to escape their enemies, but as the season advances they will be driven to their houses, and be forced into the rebel ranks or carried to prison. Let us up help them now, when it will require so little to accomplish this desirable and necessary end.

Will you have the kindness to send the paymaster forward? We have been looking for him for some days, and need funds very much. Do not let him delay a single day.

the greatest part of our lost men have returned. We need arms; if it possible, send them to us.

I am, general, respectfully and truly, yours,

S. P. CARTER,

Acting Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, November 26, 1861.

Brigadier General C. F. SMITH,

Commanding at Paducah, Ky.:

GENERAL: The protection of the line of the Ohio between the mouths of the Wabash and Tennessee against any of Hardee's rebel force attempting to cross the river into Illinois to operate upon the rear of Cairo, to isolate you at Paducah or to obtain subsistence from that State, it seems to me will be latter secured by concentrating your forces at paducah, with your bridge-head on the illinois side of the Ohio held by a strong guard, than by any dispersion of them in posts at Shawneetown, Cave in Rock, and Golconda, as has been strongly urged by the Governor of Illinois. The river, of course, should be carefully watched by the flotilla, and in the event of any attempted crossing, not probable by anything but marauding parties, you have it always in your power to disperse them or cut off their retreat by a suitable force crossing the river at Paducah and falling upon their flank or rear.

Against any apprehended danger from rebel gunboats descending the Tennessee or Cumberland your main reliance will be the activity of your flotilla and your own guns in position at Paducah. Of course you will keep yourself well informed of any projected descent of the enemy.

To break up marauding of the rebels in the country east of the Tennessee,

