
side of the Kentucky River, and I find their strength increasing by accession of those who, while we held possession of the counties below this, professed to be Union men.

Our pickets had a skirmish on last evening with theirs at Mill Springs, in which 4 of their's were killed the Colt's rifles in eight shots at a distance of 300 yards, and although they fired some hundred shots at our pickets they came off unharmed.

I now have out a strong picket guard to prevent a surprise, and hope on to-morrow to able to lead some of their party into an ambuscade I have sunk all the boats for several miles along the river with the exception of two small ones (capable of ferrying 40 men at time); and, as I kept a picket within view of them all the time, should they attempt tho cross their whole force, I shall endeavor to be upon before they can get a force sufficient to overcome us.

If it is possible for you to send the battery, please do so as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. HOSKINS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS EAST TENNESSEE BRIGADE,Camp Calvert, November 27, 1861.

(Received November 29, 1861.)

Brigadier General GEORGE, U. S. A,

Commanding, &amp;c., Danville:

GENERAL: I wrote you this morning rather despairingly.* I am glad to say that the feeling in camp seems better this evening.

Yours of the 25th instant has been received. So much of its contents as I can make known will have a good effect on officers and men.

In case it shall be necessary to move this force to any point west of this, I would ask that we be permitted to go via Somerset, as all the men and many of the officers have an almost unconquerable aversion to Rockcastle Hills and the whole Crab Orchard road.

I shall hope that the movement into East Tennessee will be direct and speedy, and that you are to be in command. The force amy Cumberland Gap is stated to be between 1,500 and 2,000.

News received from Anderson Country, East Tennessee, this morning has it that Zollicofffer has gone towards Jamestown, East Tennessee.

I shall make every effort to be ready to move as soon as orders are received. I have before advised you that our means of transportation are very limited. Six wagons (for which a requisition was made some time ago) are still wanting for Second Regiment.

The paymaster's appearance here will have a good effect. I hope he will be harried on; and as Treasury notes will not answer to send to Tennessee, the soldiers should be paired in gold, in order that they may remit to their families.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. CARTER,

Acting Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

