
bridge is down and the parts sheltered, as I have already reported. I inclose a copy of General McClellan's order in relation to it. My reports too him on this and other matters were made to him direct, by his orders, during the absence of General Frempnt in the West, and until General Halleck's arrival at Saint Louis.

There is no bridge-head, it not being deemed necessary at the moment.

The nature of the surface on the opposite is such that at this season an enemy could not take up an effective position.

I am not aware of any marauding in the country just east of the Tennessee-i. e., between the Tennessee and the Cumberland-but it has been carried on extensively on the east of the Cumberland. My cavalry force is not adequate to attempt the service of scouring this part of the country and attending to necessary dutes here. It consists of four companies of the Second Illinois Cavalry, imperfectly armed. Each company wants 20 sabers. They have no pistols, and only some of them have carbines. I have written several times about the arming of these men, but have not been successful. Of two companies of regular cavalry (neither of which has a single officer belonging to it present), one is weak in numbers-only 54. This is Company C, Second Cavalry, If recruits are received, they will need the usual equipments. Thielemann's company of Chicago cavalry is in full strength, and armed with sabers, though but partially with pistols. General Fremont authorizes it to be converted into a squadron. The second company has one first lieutenant and 70 men. It needs a captain and second lieutenant, which might be taken by transfer from the other company, and which I recommend. Those men need horses and arms.

I think Shawneetown and Cave in Rock might well be occupied by the three regiments spoken of, and from thence patrol the north bank of the Ohio, occasionally crossing and scouring the country east of the Cumberland. This, I think, would stop the plundering.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. F. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, December 2, 1861.

Captain J. C. KELTON, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Inclosed herewith I send you a letter from Colonel Ross on the subject of winter quarters, change of cavalry, ordering a court-material, &amp;c.*

I would respectfully call the attention of the general commanding to the subject of winter quarters. I received instructions from General Fremont, whilst he was in command, on the subject. Under the instruction then received, wither quarters for the command here are being rapidly completed. I visited Cape Girardeau and gave such verbal direction as I though would secure winter quarters for the troops at that place at a very small outlay. The cavalry complained of belong to General Sigel's Brigade, and sachs complaints have been made against them for their marainding propensities that I would recommend mustering them out of service.

There seems to have no provision made in the acts of Congress organizing our volunteer system for manning our siege batteries, other than to take companies authorized as light-artillery companies. All

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

