
I do not think you can get an umbrella tent in Louisville. I will see Captain Webster, who will write you where he purchased his in Cincinnati.

Respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

LEBANON, KY., December 3, 1861-11 p. m.

General D. C. BUELL,

Headquarters, Louisville:

I have just received a dispatch from General Schoepf. The enemy are opposite Somerset and have commenced cannonading Hoskins' camp. He says the strength of the enemy is estimated, from the best accounts he can get, of the following numbers at Mill Springs, 2,000 infantry and 1,000 cavarly;l at Captain Wiatt's farm, 2 miles from Mill Springs, 1,000 infantry; at Steubenville, 2 miles farther west is 2,000 infantry; and at Monticello, 5 milesa from Steubenville, 3,000 infantry. I have sent to Colonels Walker and Van Derveer to march to his relief as rapidly as they can. When these two regiments reach him, he will have five regiment of infantry and one battery of artillery.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS EASTERN DIVISION, DEPT. OF OHIO,Lebanon, Ky., December 3, 1861.

Brigadier General S. P. CARTER,

Commanding at London, Ky.:

GENERAL,; Yours of November 28 has been received. The information which we have of the immediately movements of the rebels is to the effect that they are moving towards the west. You did right in declining to march to Somerset without orders.

It is General Buell's intention to keep troops at london for a while yet. As I wrote you a few since, your regiments, at least the Tennesseeans, will move to Somerset, if they are moved west. Encourage will your men to remain hopeful, and assure them that the Government will not leave them to their enemies, but afford relief to East Tennessee as soon as possible. I am not authorized to tell you even what I know, because General Buell is desirous that the enemy be kept profoundly ignorant of our movements.

I will take meatuses to the arms for your recruits, if they can be had from Louisville, and also some for the East Tennesseeans.

Should you need the corn, flour, &amp;c., of those secessionists you mentioned, I would not hesitate to take it. Have statements of the amount of ammunition you have on hand made out and send to Captain A. Miller; ordnance officer at this place, as soon as the colonels can forward them; also direct them to forward their monthly regimental returns immediately. The paymaster will be with you soon. You may hasten his chest. Let the escort meet him at Crob Orchard.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

