
I will try to write fully to-night. By all means hold Somerset and London. Better intrench both; still better, the crossing of the river nearest these points.

In haste, truly, your friend,

McCLELLAN.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP GOGGIN,December 5, 1816-8 a. m.

General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Eastern Division:

GENERAL: Colonel Bradley, of the Thirty-eight Ohio, reported to me that he has only 40 rounds of ammunition. In my position, without ammunition, I could not sustain myself, being almost certain the enemy is going to make the attempt to cross.

I may be wrong, but I ordered the Tennessee brigade under General Carter to join me, he being the nearest.

Mr. Smith, farther of one of the officers on Colonel Hoskins's regiment, came from the enemy's camp and confirms all I reported to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General.

P. S. -I just now learned from two reliable men that the enemy has been re-enforced by two additional Mississippi rifle regiments; they are represented to be in first-rate order with regard to clothing and arms.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP GOGGIN,December 5, 1861-12 m.

GENERAL: I left this place this morning in company with Captain Prime, Engineer Corps, to go to Mill Springs to examine that the place and plant a battery; when I arrived at Fishing Creek, I found the Seventeenth Ohio retreating and on this side of the creek; this was owing to disobedience of orders by Captain Dillion, of the First [Ky.] Cavarly, whom I ordered on Monday to proceed to Mill Springs, three encamp, and, if any attempt was made by the enemy to cross the river, to dispatch that fact to me. Instead of obeying, he encamped only 2 miles from Fishing Creek, without even the precaution of throwing out pickets, and the enemy, it is reported, crossed in force to this side last night. In regard to the order sent to Colonel Connell to march to mill Springs, I inclose you his letter.

I men Captain Dillion on this side of the creek with him company, and no my interrogating him "why he had not obeyed my order," he replied there was danger, and on that account had not proceeded.

I have ordered Colonel Hoskins' regimen down to Fishing Creek, and will try to push on and see what the enemy is doing.

The rumor is that 2,000 of the enemy's cavarly have crossed, but to keep them from crossing in too large a force for my men I have sent for General Carter's Tennessee regiments and the Thirty-third Indiana.

The Thirty-eight and Seventeenth Ohio are very short of ammunition,

