
men for scouts and pickets to be in the direction of Cumberland Ford.

But for the orders received from Louisville the First East Tennessee Regiment would have moved this morning towards Somerset and the Second East Tennessee and Third Kentucky would have followed in the morning. I received about noon a dispatch from Brigadier-General Schoepf, requiring me to join him as soon as possible. If I had no conflicting orders from you I should have fine willingly, but did not think myself at liberty to do so under the circumstances, but wrote him that if he still desired me to join him after knowing what my orders were from headquarters, I should of courage go.

I learn to-day, upon what is represented to me as perfectly reliable authority, that there rebel regiments reached Cumberland Gap on the 4th instant. Hampton's Legion arrived there on the 32d, with a large amount of ammunition.

At Morristown, Jefferson Country, East Tennessee, report says there were fire regiments, whose destination in Kentucky, via the Gap.

The rebel general Crittenden had been at the Gap, but left to bring up his brigade. I fear that we cannot do a great deal towards resisting the force the enemy is accumulating at and about the Gap.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. CARTER,

Acting Brigadier-General, Commanding East Tennessee Brigade.

SPECIAL ORDERS,HDQRS. FIRST DIV., DEPT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 39. Lebanon, December 6, 1861.

1. In compliance with Special Orders, No 19, from department headquarters, Brigadier George H. Thomas assumes command of the First Division, Department of the Ohio, organized as follows:

First Brigade.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, commanding.

33rd Indiana Regiment Volunteers. Colonel John Coburn.

17th Ohio Regiments Volunteers, Colonel J. M. Connell.

12th Kentucky Regiment Volunteers, Colonel W. A. Hoskins.

38th Ohio Regiment Volunteers, Colonel E. D. Bradley.

Second Brigade.

Colonel M. D. MANSON, commanding.

4th Kentucky Regiment Volunteers, Colonel S. S. Fry

14th Ohio Regiment Volunteers, Colonel J. B. Steedman.

10th Indiana Regiment Volunteers, Colonel M. D. Manson.

10th Kentucky Regiment Volunteers. Colonel J. M. Harlan.

Third Brigade.

Colonel ROBT. L. McCOOK, commanding

18th U. S. Infantry Carrington.

2nd Minnesota Regiment Volunteers, Colonel Can Clave.

35th Ohio Regiment Volunteers, Colonel F. Van Derveer.

9th Ohio Regiment Volunteers, Colonel R. L. McCook.

Twelfth Brigade.

Actg. Brigadier General S. P. CARTER, commanding.

1st East Tennessee Regiment Volunteers, Colonel R. K. Byrd.

2nd East Tennessee Regiment Volunteers, Colonel J. P. T. Carter.

6th Kentucky Regiment Volunteers, Colonel T. T. Carrard.

31st Ohio Regiment Volunteers, Colonel M. B. Walker.

[Unattached.]

2st Regiment Kentucky Cavarly, Colonel F. Wolford.

Squadron Indiana Cavarly, Captain Graham.

Battery B, 1st Ohio Artillery, Captain W. E/ Standart.

Battery C, 1st Ohio Artillery, Captain D. Kenny.

Battery B, Kentucky Artillery, Captain J. M. Hewett.

Major W. E. Lawrence commanding artillery.

