
VII. Until further orders the First Brigade will take post at Somerset, Ky., Second and Third Brigades at lebanon, and Twelfth Brigade at Lebanon, and Twelfth Brigade at Lebanon.

* * * * *

XI. Captain Standart's and Hewett's batteries of artillery, Major Lawrence commanding, and the First Kentucky Cavarly, Colonel F. Wolford commanding, are temporarily assigned to duty with the First Brigade, and will report to Brigade-General Schoepf for duty at Somerset, Ky.

XII. The squadron of Indiana cavarly, Captain Graham commanding, and Battery C. First Ohio Artillery, will report for duty at division headquarters.

By ordered of General Thomas:

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, December 7, 1861.

General D. C. BUELL:

We have just had interviews with the President and General McClennan, and find they concur fully with us in respect to the East Tennessee expedition. Our people are oppressed and pursued as beasts of the forest. The Government must come to their relief. We are looking to you with anxious solicitude to move in that direction.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

HORACE MAYNARD.

DECEMBER 7, 1861.

General McCOOK, Camp Nevin:

Sends forward a brigade and a battery to Munfordville, to take a good position and protect the bridge. Move your division up to Bacon Creek, leaving a small guard over the bridge at Nevin. Keep us informed, and be ready at all times to act promptly.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LEBANON, December 7, 1861.

Brigadier-General BUELL:

General Schoepf reports that enemy having crossed the Cumberland as near as he could learn with four regiments of infantry, two regiments of cavarly, and eight pieces of artillery, and as there was no position near the river that could be held by his small force, he fell back, on the night of the 5th, about 3 miles this side of Somerset to a very fine position, commanding the Crab Orchard and Stanford road, where he would await his re-enforcement and then move forward. There roads flanking his position on Fishing Creek, and his scouts reported them still crossing and moving down the river, driving in his pickets and taking possession of the ferries at Hudson's and Patterson's, from which roads lead to the main road 1 mile in rear of his present position.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

