HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Lebanon, Ky., December 7, 1861.

Captain J. B. FRY,

Asst. Adjt. General U. S. Army, Dept. Hdqrs., Louisville, Ky.:

CAPTAIN: The present state of affairs in the vicinity of Somerset I think will justify me in sending the Twelfth Brigade* to that place, without attraction attention. It should be removed from London on account of the extreme difficulty in hauling subsistence over the road from that place to Crab Orchard, and being at Somerset would diminish the distance and labor supplying the troops in advance one-half.

At present it is exceedingly difficult, with the limited means of transportation we have, to keep the troops supplied. If the general approves, I will direct General, Carter to move his brigade to Somerset and conctrate the other two at this point.

General Carter reports having in his camp some rebel prisoners, and Colonel Wolford has sent one to me. Shall I forward them to Louisville?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Lebanon, Ky., December 7, 1861.

Brigadier-General SCHOEPF,

Commanding, Somerset:

GENERAL: The Thirty-first Ohio, ordered to march to your relief, was stopped by order of General Buell, and will not probable march, inasmuch as you have the two Tennessee regiments. With your present force you will be able to keep the enemy in check until General Buell's plans are more fully matured.

In the mean time arrest and forward charges against Captain Dilion, and [let] your information in regard to the movements of the enemy be as reliable as position.

Ammunition for the Seventeenth and Thirty-eight Regiments will be forwarded to-day.

By ordered of Brigadier General G. H. Thomas:

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Somerset, December 7, 1861.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. THOMAS,Commanding Eastern Division:

GENERAL: In my communication stating that I had ordered the Tennessee regiments to re-enforce me I neglected to say that my order also stated not to come if there were any conflicting orders from you.

As soon as I received the dispatch saying you had sent no re-enforcement I countermanded my previsious order to the Tennessee regiments.

Having no reliable cavalrymen to carry my dispatches I must have recourse to the mail, as int is more certain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

* See Buell to Thomas, December 9, p. 485.

31 R R-VOL VII

---------------

