
I broke up camp at once and started the First and Second East Tennessee Regiments. A messenger was sent to overtake Colonel Garrard, with orders for him to return., bring forward the remaining public stores and join me with as little delay as possible.

This morning, when 12 miles from this place, I received another dispatch from Brigadier-General Schoepf, to the effect that Colonel Garrard was to remain at either London or Pittman's. In compliance with it I forwarded orders to Colonel Garrard, requiring him to remain at one of those places.

My brigade is temporarily broken up, and I should like, if consistent with the exigencies of the service, to have it brought together as soon as possible.

From the best information I have had our position is rather a critical one; the force of the enemy-even at the lowest estimate-is nearly double ours, and they are but some 7 miles off. We certainly need re-enforcements, and I hope they will be sent forward we are attacked by such unequal odds.

The road between this and London is passable by wagons. There is much delay at the river and some very steep and rough hills; still they can be passed with moderate loads. Artillery would have some trouble in overcoming some of the hills.

There is another road called the Old Road, which is some 6 miles nearer-37 miles-than the one via Sublimity, but is rough, although, from all I have been able to learn, the hills are not so steep.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. CARTER,

Acting Brigadier-General, Commanding Twelfth Brigade.

SOMERSET, KY., December 9, 1861.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding East Division, Kentucky:

GENERAL: Yours of the 7th is an hand. In a hasty note of the 8th I stated to you the state of affairs about Somerset. I have little to communicate in addition to what I then wrote, whiz, that the enemy is on this side of the river and within 7 miles of us. His force, from the most reliable information, consists of nine regiments of infantry, 3,500 cavalry and twelve pieces of artillery.

My force, including the Tennessee, just arrived, will not among to more than 5,000 I have no cavalry that can be relied on. I have ten pieces of artillery.

My command is necessarily scattered, having several points to defend, it being uncertain by which of the several approaches to the village the enemy will made his appearance.

From the above you must see the necessity of my being immediately re-enforced. My communications for the last seven or eight days have, I think, fully shown this necessity.

I shall meet the enemy, be the result what it may.

I have ordered Captain Dillion to report to your headquarters in arrest.

Charges will be forwarded per next main.

We received about two days' supply of provisions from Lebanon today. We were entirely out.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Brigade.

