
LEBANON, KY., December 9, 1861.

Brigadier-General BUELL:

Have not heard from General Schoepf since his fall-back, except that he had countermanded the order for the movement of the Tennessee regiments. He has no confidence in his cavalry, and sent his dispatch by mail.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigade-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH BRIGADE,Columbia, Ky., December 9, 1861.

General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

DEAR SIR: I learn from Judge Green, of Russell, a most reliable citizen and truly loyal, that the rebels under Generals Zollicoffer and Culom, after crossing the Cumberland, have sent part of their forces on this side the river, in direction of this place. He believes it is the purpose of the enemy to move on this point. I hardly this they will venture by the Somerset and Columbia road to this place. I have thrown out scouts on that road and to two other points of the Cumberland.

General Cullom-Bill Cullom-former Clerk of Congress-joined Zollicoffer last Tuesday or Wednesday with 4,000 men. This is reliable; I have it unmistakably. My Rufus Infram, brother-in-law of Cullom, informs me of the certainly of it. He says they have 11,000 men, pretty well armed, with eight or twelve guns. Zollicoffer has united with his forces those of General Cullom and Colonel Stanton.

You cannot drive him back with less than 10,000 troops. If you do not prepare to do this, the enemy will be int he center of the State.

Respectfully,

J. T. BOYLE.

LOUISVILLE, KY., December 10, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Commanding U. S. Army:

MY DEAR FRIEND: As I informed you by telegraph, I received your letters of the 3rd and 5th. I have by no means been unmindful of you wishes in regard to East Tennessee, and I think I can both appreciate and unite in your sympathy for a people who have shown so much constancy. That constancy will still sustain them until the hour of deliverance. I have no fear of their being crushed. The allegiance of such people to hated rulers, even if it could be enforced for the moment, will only make the more determined and ready to resist when the hour of rescue comes.

The organization of the division at Lebanon has been with special reference to the object which you have so much at heart, through fortunately it is one which suits any contingencies that can arise. I shall hasten its preparation with all the energy and industry I can bring to bear. The plans which I have in view embrace that fully; but the details and the determination, while there is yet time to watch the progress of circumstances which might affect our plans vitally, I think I should lack that ordinary discretion by which I hope to retain your confidence if I did not reserve. When the preparation of the division is complete, which I hope will he very soon, if I then see reasons why it should be merged into the general line of operations I will give you the reasons, and you shall be the of them; and if you do not see force in them, I assure you I will pursue your views with as much zeal

