
LOUISVILLE, December 10, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

I have not overlooked Prestonburg, but their tardiness in organizing has prevented me from using readily the only troops I have available fur that service. One regiment, Colonel Moore's Kentucky, has already been ordered there; is indeed now at Louisa, being mustered in. I shall send another infantry regiment and two or three squadrons of cavalry, that will made a force fully regiment and two or three squadrons of cavalry, that will make a force fully equal to the demand of the people interested in that section.

D. C. BUELL.

Brigadier-General.

[DECEMBER 10, 1861.-From McClellan to Halleck, in relation to affairs in Missouri and contemplated co-operation with Buell, see Series I, Vol. VIII.]
HEADQUARTERS, December 10, 1861,(Received Lebanon, December 10, 1861.)

General THOMAS:

Order five companies of Wolford's cavalry to march forthwith to prestonburg or Piketon,. moving by way of Danville, Lexington, and Mount Sterling the lieutenant-colonel to command.

Take the companies from Campbellsville or Columbia, as you think best.

By command:

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH BRIGADE, U. S. VOLUNTEERS,Columbia, Ky., December 10, 1861.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Headquarters, Lebanon, Ky.:

SIR: My scouts sent out yesterday at noon, under captain Owens, of Colonel Wolford's cavalry, have just returned, and report the enemy across the Cumberland on this side. The scouts approached within 6 miles of the enemy's camp. Their camp is 31 miles of this place, near the Columbia and Somerset road.

Captain Owens is a native of Pulaski Country, and is thoroughly acquainted with the country and distance and with all the people. He learned from a trustworthy Union citizen in the vicinity of their camp that most if not all of their forces had crossed the Cumberland. They claimed to have others yet to cross. They claimed to have 30,000 men. Captain Owens believes they have from 10,000 to 12,000 men. They effected the crossing by an extensive raft of logs.

The rebels beat up for recruits in Wayne Country last week and enlisted over 200 men. Their forces are increasing from recruits of rebels in Kentucky and new forces from Tennessee.

The enemy are between General Schoepf and the force here. It is believed and understood to be their purpose to hold with part of their force the forces of General Schoepf, in check, and with the greater portion of their army move on Columbia, and, cutting us off, join Buckner's

