
Springs. There are about 5,000 across in camp on the hill opposite Mill Springs.

This comes from a gentleman just in from Wayne, who lives near Hall's. He says he has at Mill Springs and saw all that he reports, and knows that it is true. He was there when the scouting party came in that the brush at Rowena on Sunday; they reported one of their number killed, one horse wounded, and several pistols and guns lost and other minor injuries received. They rear and course and swear vengeance against Rowena.

Yours, &amp;c.,

GEORGE BRYAN.

P. S.-He says nine regiments have gone up to Mill Springs; thinks there are about 6,500 or 7,000 in all Zollicoffer's forces.

CAMP WOOD, Bacon Creek, December 11, 1861.

Captain J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff:

I wish authority to call upon Colonel Turchin's force, if necessary Seventy-five rebel cavalry came up to Woodsonville at 5 a. m. this

morning, got behind a house, and fired a volley. Our pickets returned it. The rebels fled. Hindman encamped at Bear Wallow last night with 4,000 men. I will watch him.

McCOOK.

CAMP NEVIN, December 11, 1861.

Captain OLIVER D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am all right and safe here. A return would almost be disastrous to my division unless some serious flank movement is taking place. I hope the general will rescind the order. How far shall I fall back?

McCOOK.

LEBANON, December 11, 1861.

Brigadier General D. C. BUELL:

Have just received a dispatch from General Boyle. His scouts sent out on the 9th had returned and reported the enemy this side of the Cumberland, within 30 miles of Columbia. Captain Owens, of Wolford's cavalry, is a native of pulaski. He learned from a trustworthy Union citizens in the vicinity of their camp that if not of their forces had crossed the Cumberland. They claimed to have others yet to cross. They claimed to have 30,000 men. Captain Owens believed they had from 10,000 to 12,000. General Boyle asks me for re-enforcements. I have sent a copy of his communication by mail.* Have no heard from Schoepf. Should have done so by this time.

GEO. H. THOMAS.

HEADQUARTERS, December 11, 1861.

(Received Lebanon, December 11, 1861.)

General THOMAS:

Does General Boyle report the enemy advancing on Columbia? At what place or on what road are they? What kind of troops are they composed of?

---------------

* See p. 489.

---------------

