
Order General Boyle to take a strong position where he is and fortify himself.

Order General Ward to move his command forward at once to Green River, so as to be ready to re-enforce Columbia in case of an actual attack.

Be prepared to me promptly in any direction, but keep up the regular duties of your command. Can you not communicate speedily with Schoepf though Liberty? Answer.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LEBANON, December 11, 1861.

General D. C. BUELL:

General Boyle believes the enemy will advance on Columbia by the Somerset road. They are infantry, artillery, and cavalry. He believes they will attempt to hold Schoepf in check with a part of their force and advance on Columbia with the main dory. Cannot now communicate with Schoepf by Liberty; that road leads through the enemy's lines.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH BRIGADE,Columbia, December 11, 1861.

(Received December 12, 1861.)

General THOMAS, U. S. A.,

Commanding Division, Lebanon, Ky.:

SIR: I am fully satisfied General Zollicoffer's forces do not exceed 7,500. They are increasing from the drafted recruits from Tennessee and some from Kentucky.

A spy sent to Mill Springs says the force is not over 7,500, and he believes it is about 6,500, through enemy represent it very much larger. He says that only one-half had crossed the river.

I learn satisfactorily that the force is increased daily by accessions of new recruits, ill-clad and poorly armed, and many without arms.

There is no doubt the enemy expect to furnish supplies up the Cumberland, such as arms, clothing, &amp;c. The enemy have eight pieces of artillery, two large guns, and six 6-pounders.

Wolford has moved the larger part of his forces to Billy Williams' on Green River. The others will move as soon as transportation can be had. I have directed him to reported to me daily as to movement of the enemy. he is only 16 miles from his place, in direction in which I have been sending scouts.

I have no quartermaster, no commissary, no blanks of any kind. Can you have them furnished?

Respectfully, &c.,

J. T. BOYLE,

Acting Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Lebanon, Ky., December 12, 1861.

Brigadier-General BUELL:

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: I this morning ordered Captain R. C. Webester, assistant quartermaster, to repair to Somerset and report to Brigadier-General

