
Schoepf for duty on his staff, directing Captain Webster to hire as many wagon as he could procure in the neighborhood of Nicholasville and Danville, to be used in transporting provisions, ammunition,a and other supplies from Nicholasville to Somerset. It will be as much as we can do here, with the means at the disposal of the quartermaster's department, to keep up a supply at Somerset and to enable me to move from here with my command. It is absolutely necessary that the wagons and teams required for by Captain Gillem when in Louisville should be forwarded to this place as rapidly as possible.

I sent dispatches last night to General Boyle and Ward immediately after the receptions of the telegram from you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Vols.
HDQRS ELEVENTH BRIGADE, U. S. VOLUNTEERS,Columbia, Ky., December 12, 1861.

General THOMAS, U. S. A.,

Commanding First Division, Lebanon, Ky.:

GENERAL: I have kept scouts in the direction of Glasgow and Edmonton, and yesterday morning my men returned after visiting Edmonton. The enemy had been there the day before with 160 cavalry. They evidently purpose to control or prevent the election for member ot eh Legislature on Saturday. I have intended to send several hundred cavalry to Edmonton on Saturday morning.

Rew. Mr. Crenshaw, of Louisville, a Methodist circuit rider or elder, is here this evening from Glasgow this morning. he informs me that Colonel Hindman passed up from Bowling Green with 7,000 men, with the view of marching on this place. He was at a place called Horse Well and near Bear Wallow, morning in this direction.

The secessionists at Glasgow expected a collusion here to-day and an easy victory. Mr. Crenshaw did not see the infantry forces, but he saw and contoured 350 Texas Rangers, or cavalry troops. They were to join Hindman. The rebels at Glasgow understood your forces are in possession of Munfordville and with forces should of Green River.

I have scouts out in direction of Edmonton, Glasgow, and Greensburg, besides toward the Cumberland.

It seems to me that the forces here ought to have accession of at least a battery of artillery. We certainly need such arm of defense here now.

If Hindman shall be found advancing upon us, I will order up the forces from Campbellsville.

Colonel Hobson is n ow at Green River bridge, about 13 miles from this place. I think he should located several miles this side the brigade, leaving a company to guard the brigade until some other takes his place.

Respectfully,

J. T. BOYLE,

Acting Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH BRIGADE, U. S. VOLUNTEERS,Columbia, December 12, 1861.

General THOMAS, U. S. A.

Commanding First Division, Lebanon, Ky.:

GENERAL: I directed Colonel Bramlette, with two companies from his regiment and two companies from the Nineteenth Ohio, to proceed on

