
the Pulaski or Somerset road and take and occupy the most available position of defense, having to water, &amp;c., and to take with him Lieutenant Bonter, (?) temporarily on my staff, a fine engineer, to aid him.

After an examination of the grounds, we regard the most available point of defence at and near the crossing of Russell's Creek, on the Somerset road, northeast of and near the town. Such defense as will be required can soon be formed. With a battery of artillery the place can be held against considerable odds. Can we not be supported with a battery?

The rebel cavalry who crossed the Cumberland into Russell County have, it is reported, killed 50 or 60 of the loyal and defenseless citizens. I ordered part of Worford's and part of Haggard's cavalry to the relief of the country. Can I at my discretion move one or more regiments to or in the direction of Cumberland, to give protection to the country on the Cumberland and hold the enemy in check?

If General Schoepf is moving on the enemy from the other direction, can I not be ordered up to attack from this side simultaneously, the movement being understood by General Schoepf?

If there is not reason to expect an attack here or a very early movement forward, i desire leave of absence for several days. I have no uniforms, no clothing, and no arms. I have no uniform or arms of any kind. There are other reasons rendering it necessary for me to be absent for some days which I do not give.

Colonel Beatty, of Nineteenth Ohio, was mustered into service August 10, but has no commission yet. Colonel Bramlette's commission is of 10th September, 1861.

Respectfully, &c.,

J. T. BOYLE,

Acting Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH BRIGADE, U. S. VOLUNTEERS,Columbia, Ky., December 12, 1861.

Brigadier-General THOMAS,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: General Boyle directs me to say your dispatch and order of 11th instant just received and acted upon. A force is detailed to commence the work immediately.

The general further directs me to say that reliable information, obtained from Various sources, reports the enemy's cavalry, 500 strong, on this side the Cumberland River, at Creelsborough and Rowena. They have seized many citizens and one sick soldier of Colonel Wolford's command.

On receipt of the news last night the general orders Lieutenant-Colonel Letcher, with a portion of Colonel Wolford's cavalry remaining here and a portion of Haggard's regiment, to march to Creelsborough and Rowena. Colonel Wolford, who had advanced to Williams', according to your orders, was sent down to co-operate with Letcher, and Colonel Haggard, who was conveying a large party of Tennessee from Burkesville to this place, was also ordered on that direction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN BOYLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

