
Wolford was at Jamestown yesterday. The rebels left between 12 o'clock and daylight, before he reached there. They went up the Cumberland on this side. They came down from opposite Mill Springs and passed down to Rowena, at which place they destroyed the ferry flatboats and canoes gathered there, and killed several Home Guards and robbed the citizens. They robbed several of the stores and houses in Jamestown and made the women give up the shirts and other clothing of their husbands. Jonathan Williams, and old citizens and many years sheriff of this county, was killed. He was a quiet, inoffensive old man but true to his country.

Colonel Wolford expresses the belief that the enemy had a considerable cavalry force on this side at Mill Springs and only a small body of infantry.

Respectfully,

J. T. BOYLE.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH BRIGADE,Columbia, Ky., December 13, 1861,

(Received December 14, 1861.)

Brigadier General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding First Division, Lebanon, Ky.:

GENERAL: The people, even the good Union people, circulate the most devilish lies in regard to the enemy, and our own scouts, without they are selected with care, are not reliable. We have had every from of rumor in the last two days, and nearly the whole of them are false. The rebels were at Rowena, and shot two or three men, but killed none. They wounded old man Williams and took him off. They robbed several stores and houses in Jamestown and took a good deal of clothing. They took off a number of horses with, and it is reported took off eleven of the citizens.

The scouts an people from Monroe and Allen Counties say terse is no enemy in that direction. I keep scouts out for from 12 to 25 miles and even farther. I think it likely the enemy have 350 Texas Rangers in Metcalfe Country to-night. They intend to defeat the election. I had purpose to send more cavalry down to enable the people to hold the election. I may send a force to one precinct in the morning.

Colonel Hindman is still at Bear Wallow, so far as I can learn. I cannot hear of any advance in this direction; he cannot be far from the railroad and not very distant from Munfordville. I believe it is a feint, to deceive his men with the idea that they are to fight.

Captain Flynt addressed a note to the colonel of the Fifty-ninth Ohio in regard to their wagons. I ordered the colonel to remain the wagons, and he is in no sense to be blamed. I did it for the reason that they have not the necessary transportation, and that there was reason to believe it would be required here.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LEBANON, KY., December 14, 1861.

Brigadier-General BUELL, Louisville, Ky.:

The five companies of First Kentucky Cavalry have not arrived here yet. General Boyle wrote me day before yesterday that he had sent

