
Colonel Wolfords Jamestown to watch the enemy. The whole regiment was absent when the order reached Columbia. I think it likely they will be here by to-morrow or next day.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

LEBANON, KY., December 14, 1861.

Brigadier-General BUELL, KY.:

I have received no letter from General Schoepf since the 10th. An officer was here yesterday direct from the Thirty-fifth Ohio. He left Somerset on the 12th. General Schoepf believe at that time that the enemy was returning across the Cumberland, but he could no positive information,a s he could not rely on his cavalry. Schoepf's position is on Fishing Creek, between Somerset and Mill Springs.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Lebanon, Ky., December 14, 1861.

Brigadier-General SCHOEPF,

Commanding at Somerset, Ky.:

GENERAL: General Boyle writes me from Columbia that the enemy's cavalry came down the Cumberland from Mill Springs as far as Jamestown, doing much damage, but returned between 12 o'clock and daylight on the night [morning] of the 12th. He further says that Colonel Wolford report to him that there is a considerable force of cavalry encamped on this side of the Cumberland, opposite Mill Springs, and that very few of the infantry have crossed.

I also learn from a man who says he has been into their camp that their force is not over 6,500, if that. They have but eight pieces of artillery. I have written to General Buell about the cavalry, but I am afraid with but little success. He has no cavalry which can be relied on very much, and has ordered five companies of Wolford's cavalry to go to Prestonburg.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Somerset, Ky., December 14, 1861.

(Received December 18, 1861.)

Brigadier General GEORGE H. THOMAS,Commanding First Division, Lebanon, Ky.:

GENERAL: Since my last communication things have been quiet about Somerset.

This evening my scouts brought in a contraband-a colored boy, about 26 years of age, who states that he is or was the servant of Lieutenant Allen, of a Tennessee regiment, C. S. Army. This boy was sent out from the enemy's camp about 12 m. to-day with the dinner of his master (Lieutenant Allen), then on picket guard, but, mistaking his road, fell into the hands of our scouts.

