
be seen by a list herewith returned; also a soldier i full uniform, whom we made prisoner and returned to the commander of the post; from thence to Madisonville, where I sent Captain Overton, with 30 men, in the direction of Ashbysburg and Calhoun, who reported that all the troops had left the former place and gone to the latter (Calhoun). I then sent a scout to Henderson, dressed as a citizen, who reported that all the Federal forces has been sent from that town to Calhoun and their sick to Evansville.

I then visited Providence and Claysville and Morganfield, at all of which places the people met us with smiles and cheers, and fed and greeted us kindly.

I then went to Caseyville, on the Ohio River; then up the Tradewater 12 miles, where I crossed and went to Marion, in Crittended County. When near that place a lady came from her door and begged in the name of her children for help, and representing that her husband (who was a citizen of standing and unconnected with the war) had been captured by Federal soldiers,led on and assisted by citizens of the neighborhood, whose names being given, I deemed it proper to arrest. William Akers was arrested, and when I approached the house of Jonathan Bells he shot the surgeon of my regiment form the door and escaped by a back opening in the house. A noble and brave man, and skillful surgeon, and high-toned gentleman was Dr. Van Wyck, and his loss was deeply felt by the whole regiment. Dispatching the body in care of Major Kelly, with 100 men, to Hopkinsville, I remained in the vicinity of Marion another day, and my scouts arrested one Federal soldier and brought him as prisoner, and killed one Scott, the leader of the bad, who had sworn to shoot Southern men from their houses and behind threes, he (Scott) attempting it by wounding three horses with a shot-gun. The scouts found with him three guns and a pistol, which are returned to the Ordnance Department; also two horse of the enemy.

From Marion I went to Dycusburg and Eddyville, where I learned that no boats or soldiers had been on the Cumberland for twelve days at those points. The people at the latter places treated us with the utmost liberality and kindness.

It is believed that the expedition had done great good in giving confidence to the Southern-rights men, destroying the distorted ideas of Union men, who expected every species of abuse at the hands of the Confederate soldiers, many of them expressing their agreeable disappointment and change of views in regard to our army, and not a few assured us that they would no longer use any influence against the cause of the South. Universal kindness was the policy of the officers in command. With me were Captains Overton, May, Fruitt [Trewhitt?], and Hambrick, in command of detachments of their own companies, and Lieutenant Smis, in command of a detachment of Captain Gould's company, and Lieutenant Gentry, in command of a detachment of Captain Logan's company, and as guide Lieutenant Wallace, of Captain G. A. Huwald's company.

A number of hogs and cattle were started from the counties between this and the river and along the river under the auspices of the expedition.

There are no Federal forces remaining on this side the Ohio from the mouth of Green to the mouth of Cumberland, and with the exception of a few scouts none have been there for twelve days.

After I left Madisonville, Jackson's cavalry visited the place, about 400 in number, but he attempted no pursuit; he might have easily overtaken us. After we were at Caseyville 200 Federal troops came there

