
This is quite an intelligent boy, and gives the following statement: The enemy are principally on this side the river, fortifying at a point near Mill Spring and expecting an attack from us. His force consists of one Alabama regiment (-); one Mississippi regiment (Newman); one Tennessee regiment (Stanton); one Tennessee regiment (Murray); one Tennessee regiment (Curran); one not known (Shaw); one regiment cavalry (Tennessee), Colonel Bridgman; one regiment cavalry, Tennessee (-); three single companies cavalry, Captains Sanson, Bledsoe, and (-). Major Helveti was shot in the arm, and (with 15 men of the Thirty-fifth Ohio) will be sent to Nashville to-day. They have eight pieces of artillery-two brass 6 pounders, four iron guns, is not certain as to their cariber-and two short brass pieces (howitzers).

They have two regiments on the other side of the river (infantry and one company of cavalry), the latter kept as scouts.

What shall I do with the contraband?

Very respectfully, yours,

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, December 15, 1861-12 p. m.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

Captain Prime and a Major Helveti were taken prisoners at Somerset. It was not reported to me until I inquired, seeing it published. We are gradually moving up, and have occasionally a few shots with pickets. We shall in a few days have two bridges over Green River; have one now at Munfordville. I shall commence a general inspections this week.

Zollicoffer, whose force my be 6,000 or 7,000, has gone back to his bridge at Mill Springs. Schoepf is between Somerset and Fishing Creek.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Louisville, December 15, 1861.

(Received, Lebanon, December 15, 1861.)

General THOMAS:

I want more frequent and accurate information from Somerset. Direct General Schoepf to communicate with you daily and to ascertain what the enemy are doing.

Require the same of General Boyle.

D. C. BUELL,Brigadier-General.

LEBANON, December 16, 1861.

General BUELL:

Latest news from General Schoepf, December 12, just received. Enemy encamped at mount of Fishing Creed. He thinks they can be captured by sending a force against them from Columbia, whilst he crosses the river at Somerset and gets in their rear.

General Boyle writes from Columbia, december 15, that his scouts can neither hear nor see anything of the enemy in the direction of Glasgow or Burkasville. Will send copy of General Schoepf's communication by mail.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General.

