HDQRS. ELEVENTH BRIGADE, DEPT. OF THE OHIO,Columbia, Ky., December 17, 1861.

Brigadier-General THOMAS,

Commanding First Division, Lebanon, Ky.:

GENERAL: General Boyle is very unwell, and directs me to inform you that nothing important has occurred lately. A brush took place between our pickets 8 miles out at the forks of the Glasgow and Edmonton roads, and a party of Texan Rangers, who had made a circuit through the woods and came on them from toward Columbia. One man on each side was killed, and Captain Frain, formerly connected with the quartermaster's department in Colonel Grider's regiment, taken prisoner by the rebels. He is a most worthy citizen from Monroe County, and has contributed more to the aid of the Government than any man in this section of the country.

A considerable body of cavalry pursued the marauders, but only succeeded in retaking the stock which had been driven off.

General Boyle directs me to say that he has already been ordered by transmitted to send daily communications to General McCook, to be transmitted to department headquarters. The general suggests that it would be better and more expeditious to communicate by mail, which reaches Lebanon daily at noon and Columbia at night; or, if you prefer it, he will send a messenger daily to meet yours at Campbellville, at Redmond's Tavern, to exchange messages.

The general suggests whether it would not be better to order Volford's cavalry to Jamestown, in Russell Country, 4 miles this side the Cumberland River, or to Rowena, on that stream. They are better acquainted than any other troops with all the roads and by-paths for many miles in that direction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN BOYLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH BRIGADE,Columbia, December 17, 1861.

Brigadier-General THOMAS.

Commanding First Division, Lebanon, Ky.:

GENERAL: General Boyle directs me to say that the pickets from near the Cumberland are in, and report a desperate skirmish and hand to hand fight between two of Colonel Haggard's men and a small party of rebels. The men were in a house when attacked, and succeeded in killing six rebels, with the loss only of two fingers to one man. The affair took place on Marrowbone Creek.

The pickets report that Zollicoffer, with his whole force, has crossed the Cumberland at Finishing Creek and marched toward Somerset. This is corroborated by citizens.

A cannonading was heard during the whole of Monday in the direction of Somerset. No other news.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN BOYLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEBANON, KY., December 17, 1861.

Brigadier-General THOMAS, U. S. A.:

SIR: On Sunday, December 14, 9 o'clock a. m., I left Camp Carroll, on Muldraugh's Hill, with a detachment of 25 men of Company E. Tenth

