
General Boyle writes me that his scouts report that Zollicoffer is sending a large number of wagons to Celina, on the Cumberland, to be shipped west.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Somerset, Ky., December 21, 1861.

(Received December 24, 1861.)

Brigadier General GEORGE H. THOMAS,Commanding First Division, Lebanon, Ky.:

GENERAL: Since my last nothing of interest has occurred. The enemy remains quietly in the vicinity of Mill Springs, in fortified position. Our pickets sometimes come in view of each other about midway, but I have no information to induce me to think that he meditates an attack, while I have refrained from attacking him for reasons before suggested, namely, nothing would be gained by taking his fortified position, while a certain heavy loss of life on our part must necessarily be sustained.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Kentucky Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., December 22, 1861.

General THOMAS:

Commanding First Division, Lebanon:

SIR: Acting Brigadier-General Carter reports that by your orders it is forbidden to receive fugitive slaves into camp, and that occasionally slaves belonging and apply to him for protection and are employed by officers as servants.

The general directs that exceptions be made in regard to fugitives in such cases.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Cairo, December 22, 1861.

Captain J. C. KELTON, Saint Louis, Mo.:

A deserter from the Confederate Army has been in this evening. He reports that the militia from Tennessee, Mississippi, and Louisiana are flowing into Columbus by every boat and every train. They are armed with muskets, shot-guns, and ordinary rifles. He also reports the sinking of submarine batteries, shortness of provisions in Columbus, and discontent among the troops.

It has been reported to me that a trade is being carried on with the South by the way of Jonesborough, in this State, thence to the Missis-

