
sippi River and through Missouri; also that an armed body of desperadoes infest the Illinois shore where these goods are crossed. I have ordered a company of cavalry, raised in the neighborhood of Jonesborough, to the scene of these of the law, with the hope of breaking up this traffic and this body of men. The cavalry will leave to-morrow, taking with them ten days' rations.*

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

DECEMBER 23, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN, U. S. A.:

MY DEAR FRIEND: I thought proper to give a more regular direction to my reply to the Adjutant-General's telegraphic inquiry in regard to troops for Kentucky. Depend on my extreme caution, and allow me after all put it into your hands for such disposition as you my think proper. I am about to start to Lebanon to look into Thomas' division. The little affair in front of Munfordville was really one of the handsomest things of the season. Our neighbors in part begin to show signs of being interested. They are destroying the railroads and receiving some re-enforcements; not, I think, to any great amount yet. A dispatch to the 13th, from Memphis, states that 10,000 have been sent to Bowling Green from Columbus, but I do not hear of their arrival. I shall write you soon.

Truly, yours,

D. C. BUELL.

P. S.-I wrote at length several days ago, sine your letter of the 8th.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., December 23, 1861.

General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Some explanation of the condition of things here will enable the General-in-Chief to decide upon the question submitted in your telegraph as to the necessity of more troops in this department.

Our returns show an aggregate of some 70,000-about 57,000 for duty. In these are included several Kentucky regiments not yet mustered in, but doing duty-at least one regiment of cavalry, that is worthless for the present (the Pennsylvania regiment) - and some ten raw regiments from Indiana and Ohio, that I have taken at the sonication of their Governors, for the purpose of removing them from the demoralizing influences of home and to put them under some system of discipline. These troops, although unit at this time for active service, have nevertheless a certain moral effect, and are even practically useful as guards to depots, &amp;c. More Kentucky regiments are being consolidated and organized, but the process is tedious, and they generally lack discipline and preparation more than the other troops.

The efficient force many be set down now at about 50.000. Its condition, as regards discipline, may be inferred from the fact that, although it has greatly improved, there leave, and there is not much difference between the two classes.

In coming through Cincinnati from Western Virginia some of the

---------------

* Some personal matter omitted.

---------------

