
It can hardly be necessary for me to add that, unless some considerable success is gained in the operations this winter towards Tennessee, large re-enforcements will be required in the spring.

With regard to the attitude of the people of Kentucky, I believe the mass of them are loyal to the union; and this is not confined to the old men, as has been asserted. Evidence of it many be found in the fact that some 20,000 troops, composed of the best material in the State, are now being organized, and the number could be largely increased. But there are communities in which the rebel element predominates, and it acts with the greatest boldness, from the fact that many of the loyal men have entered the service of the Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

COLUMBIA, KY., December 23, 1861.

(Received December 25, 1861.)

General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

The enemy is closing in upon us; his pickets are near us in three directions, viz, Grider's Ferry, on the Glasgow road, and Somerset. A skirmish took place this evening at Grider's Ferry between 4 of our cavalry and 1 Home Guard against 15 of the enemy. The firing was across the rive; 2 or 3 of the enemy and 1 horse killed; no injury to our men.

The enemy fled, but returned with re-enforcements, and I have ordered four companies of cavalry to sustain our men.

in direction of Somerset, about 25 miles from this 500 of the enemy have been encamped for two days. In direction of Glasgow some 200 have been encamped for several days, 20 miles off.

Haggard's cavalry are not in condition for service. His horses are not shod, and it seems impracticable to get it done here. Wolford's cavalry is too remote for any available use, imbedded in the Green River hills.

Typhoid fever is striking our men a heavy blow; 233 of my regiment now down, and dying daily. My loss is greater here than during all the preceding service. Unless we are moved the regiment will soon become greatly weakened. While marching we never have any sick; when we stop the men sicken and fall like leaves. Safety to human life, aside from the defense of the country, demands our moving. If we cannot get to move upon the enemy, it is our earnest desire that he will move on us, and the sooner the better for us. We would rather die in battle than on a bed of fever.

Respectfully,

THO. E. BRAMLETTE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH BRIGADE,Somerset, December 23, 1861.

(Received December 25, 1861.)

Brigadier General GEORGE H. THOMAS.

Commanding First Division, Lebanon, Ky.:

GENERAL: Captain Fry, Company F, Second Regiment East Tennessee Volunteers, was detailed for special service in October last, by

33 R R-VOL VII

