
desire to co-operate with you as far as practicable, especially in suppressing the smuggling that is now being carried on along the Ohio to some extent with the enemy. I would respectfully request a copy of such orders as you may have published on this subject.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

COLUMBIA, KY., December 26, 1861.

(Received December 27, 1861.)

General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

The section of artillery under command of Lieutenant Nell was forwarded this morning, as directed. Lieutenant Nell is not able to accompany his pieces, as you will perceive from inclosed certificate of assistant surgeon. Lieutenant Nell has had an attack of fever and not yet recovered. Although on foot and in the camp, he is very feeble, and I fear about to have a relapse. He will be forward, you may rely upon, fully as soon as he ought to in his condition

The rumor reached here this evening that General Nelson had reached Glasgow. Heavy cannonading was heard here for some six hours on the 24th, which we understand was about Cave City. The enemy had his scouts near us again last night; ours fired on them 8 miles from here, but did no execution, save run them, so far as known.

Respectfully,

THO. E. BRAMLETTE.

PADUCAH, December 27, 1861.

Brigadier-General COLLUM and General D. C. BUELL:

The whole force at Camp Beauregard commenced going to Bowling Green on the 25th instant. It consists of Bowen's division, say, eight regiments, 6,000 men, with twelve field guns and 500 horse, ordered to be at Bowling Green by the 29th instant. This is reliable.

C. F. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

CAMP BOYLE, December 27, 1861-9 p. m.

General THOMAS:

The enemy is at Jameststown, 18 miles from here, some 3,000 strong.

He has ascertained the strength and position of Colonel Wolford's camp, and threatens to destroy that before moving farther. He has 1,700 mounted men, armed mostly as infantry. With such force Wolford would be cut off without remedy; I have ordered him under the circumstances of necessity to move up here with his stores and troops, to cooperate with me in an attack upon the enemy, should he move toward Burkesville or this place. I would not be surprised if the whole of Zollicoffer's forces were to be on us in two or these days. They must be retiring from before Somerset, either intending to attack here or move down the river to Burkesville, and thence to join Buckner. In either case we intend here to meet him. Our situation is, however, somewhat critical-no artillery, and threatened on both flanks by superior numbers, and nobody to help us.

We will, however, strike a blow, even if left to ourselves, that shall

