
terrify the rebel hell-hounds wherever they hear of us. Retreat we will not, and if they come upon us we will fight the fight of desperation to win. We have too much stores here to leave, too many sick to move, and they must and shall be defended with the last life we have to spared; and if we, after the frequent notifications of our position to division and department headquarters, are cut to pieces for the want of the necessary means of defense, the fault will not be ours.

Respectfully,

THO. E. BRAMLETTE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS, Somerset, Ky., December 27, 1861.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. THOMAS,Commanding Division, &amp;c., Lebanon, Ky.:

GENERAL: I have sent out small parties for the last two days before the enemy's position, but he has made no response so far. I have set a trap for his scouts (about 40 men) to-night; if I succeed, it may induce him to attempt a relation, ending in a general fight.

Having reason to believe that he contemplates going into the coal business on the Cumberland, I shall send out a party to-morrow and destroy the boats alongshore to the coal banks.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Kentucky Brigade.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 23(1/2).Louisville, Ky., December 27, 1861.

The issuing of proclamations or other similar addresses to the public by generals or other subordinate officers in this department is prohibited.

By command of General Buell:

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant, Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO, Numbers 26. Cairo, December 28, 1861.

Whereas there are now at Cape Girardeau, Paducah, Smithland, and Cave in Rock, places within this military district, many persons who have been driven from their homes and deprived of the means of subsistence by the acts of disloyal citizens of Kentucky and Missouri, and their substance taken for the support of a rebellion against this Governments, humanity dictates that these people should be comfortably supported, and justice demands that the class of persons who have caused their sufferings should bear the expense of the same:

It is ordered, therefore, that at the place named suitable quarters shall be provided and contributions collected for their support, and accounted for in the manner prescribed in General Orders, Numbers 24, from headquarters Department of the Missouri, with this addition:

Persons of Northern birth and education who are liable to assessment

