
added to the cavalry of Bledsoe. That they purposed passing down by river on the north side is ascertained to be certain, and were deterred by supposing that the Third Kentucky, Haggard's, and Wolford's regiments were intercepting them.

I think it possible they may attempt to pass back through Wayne, Clinton, and Cumberland by Burkesville. I will take steps to watch, and if such movement is attempted, will intercept and thwart it at Burkesville.

You may be assured, general, that while I am in the service obedience to orders will mark my actions. But these devils who infest the country make me very impatient to get after them and amongst them, and I can but give [expression] to my anxiety to move upon the marauding traitors. Colonel Wolford is still at his camp on Green River and will remain there until otherwise ordered from headquarters. His position is dangerous, if the enemy choose to avail themselves of this isolation. It is the most indefensible position that could be selected in 10 miles of that place, and places him where all escape could be wholly cut off.

Respectfully,

THO. E. BRAMLETTE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

DECEMBER 29-7 o'clock.

No change since yesterday. The rebels occupy the same position and are seizing all in their reach.

Respectfully,

THO. W. BRAMLETTE.

LOUISVILLE, KY., December 29, 1861-12 p. m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

I had designed 12,000, but when so much depends on circumstances which may arise while our transportation is getting ready it would be vain to say the enemy is not idle; as he travels only by railroad, when he gets started he travels faster. I am writing you to-night. Schoepf is not incompetent, but has not shown much enterprise at Somerset. I must reserve my judgment about him. Loath to recommend any colonels yet.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., December 29, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Commanding U. S. Army:

NY DEAR FRIEND: It starters me to think how much time has elapsed since my arrival and to find myself still in Louisville. I certainly have had a good deal to do and have been very busy about it, but I am satisfied that very few men accomplish as much as is possible, and I cannot assume to be an exception. It has taken time to get necessary supplies, but transportation is the great trouble I have to deal with. Swords is physically unequal to the emergency, and he has but few assistants. I telegraphed you last night that it would be necessary to make a change, though I did it with very great regret. Dickerson, I am assured, is capable, and he has at least the merit of physical vigor. I hope the transfer will have been made at once. The shortcomings of subordinates I always regard as the fault of the commander, and so I desire to make to excuse for my tardiness out of these delays.

