
true that I have some very good green timber, which will answer the purpose as soon as I can get it into shape and season it a little.

I know nothing of General Buell's intended operations, never having received any information in regard to the general plan of campaign. If it be intended that his column shall move on Bowling Green while another moves from Cairo or Paducah on Columbus or Camp Beauregard, it will be a repetition of the same strategies error which produced the disaster of central position will fail, as it always has failed, in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred. It is condemned by every military authority I have ever road.

General Buell's army and the forces at Paducah occupy precisely the same position in relation to each other and to the enemy as did the armies of McDowell and Patterson before the battle of Bull Run.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

The within is a copy of a letter just received from General Halleck, It is exceedingly discouraging. As everywhere else, nothing can be done.

JANUARY 10, 1862.

A. LINCOLN.

SAINT LOUIS, January 6, 1862.

Brigadier General D. C. BUELL, Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: I have delayed writing to you for several days in hopes of getting some favorable news from the Southwest. The news received to-day, however, is unfavorable, it being stated that Price is making a stand near Springfield, and that all our available forces will be required to dislodge and drive him out. My advices from Columbus represent that the enemy has about 22,000 men there. I have only about 15,000 at Cairo, Fort Holt, and Paducah, and after leaving guard at these places I could not send into the field over 10,000 or 11,000. Moreover, many of these are very imperfectly armed. Under these circumstances it would be madness for me to attempt any serious operation against Camp Beauregard or Columbus. Probably in the course of a few weeks I will be able to, send additional troops to Cairo and Paducah to co-operate with you, but at present it is impossible; and it seems to me that if you deem such co-operation necessary to your success your movement on Bowling Green should be delayed. I know nothing of the plan of campaign, never having received any information on the subject; but it stricken me that to operate from Louisville and Paducah or Cairo against an enemy at Bowling Green is a plain case of exterior lines, like that of McDowell and Patterson, which,uncles each of the exterior columns is superior to the enemy, leads to disaster ninety-nine times in a hundred.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, January 6, 1862.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT, Cario, Ill.:

I wish you to make a demonstration in force on Mayfield and in the direction of Murray. Forces from Paducah and Fort Holt should meet at Mayfield and threaten Camp Beauregard and Murray, letting it be

