
teenth Brigade and such other troops as may be posted to guard the line in front of Louisville; headquarters at Elizabethtown.

X. The following troops are attached to the Twelfth Brigade, Brigadier-General Carter commanding, and will proceed to London, Ky., viz: The Forty-ninth Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Ray; the Sixteenth Ohio Volunteers, Colonel De Courcy; Wetmore's battery of Ohio volunteer artillery, and Major Munday's battalion of Kentucky cavalry.

The Forty-ninth Indiana will march via Springfield, Lebanon, and Danville. The Sixteenth Ohio will march from Lexington direct. The battery and the battalion of cavalry will move by rail to Lebanon and march thence via Danville to London.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Buell:

[JAMES B. FRY,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., DEPT. OF THE OHIO,Somerset, Ky., January 8 [9], 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Eastern Division:

GENERAL: The fruits of my reconnaissance, refereed to in my note of last night, amounted to only 2 cavalry captured, with the supposed wounding of several others, the bad roads and high water in the creek preventing a more successful result. My men returned without loss and in good spirits, except that they evidently felt that they ought to have accomplished more, but, under the circumstances I believe they did all that could have been expected. When the present storm abates they make another effort.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, January 9, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN, Washington:

GENERAL: Yours of the 3rd was received last evening and has received my most careful consideration. I have already written to you and to the President (at his request) in relation to the subject-matter of your letter. I will briefly state what I have done and had proposed doing.

On the 6th instant I wrote the inclosed communication to General Grant,* and on the 7th telegraphed to General Buell, to "designate a day for the demonstration." To assist this I ordered two unarmed regiments from Springfield to General Grant, to receiver their arms as soon as we could procure them, and we are arming two regiments at Benton Barracks, to be immediately sent to Cairo. One additional regiment will be withdrawn from the Iron Mountain Railroad and one from the Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad, making six an all. As soon as we receive arms two more regiments can be sent from Benton Barracks. The insurrection in the northeast is not yet entirely suppressed. General

---------------

* See p. 533.

---------------

