
gades, and say, six divisions, with only sixteen batteries. It ought to be increased to eight divisions, and the artillery ought to be nearly doubled, say in all 120,000 men. Then not less than three divisions will be required in front of Bowling Green, not less than three for East Tennessee and its communication, one at Columbia and Jamestown, and one in reserve. The Columbia line is more important than may at first seem to you. It is a turnpike, connecting directly with Lebanon. Monticello, just opposite, is an important point, which I am anxious to seize if I have the force. It is at the foot of the mountains, and controls their route up the Cumberland on that side, besides being in loyal and productive part of the State.

I need more good staff officers in every department.

I am glad to see you getting up again.

Truly, yours,

D. C. BUELL.

P. S. - The plan of any colonel, whoever he is, for ending the war by entering East Tennessee with his 5,000 men light-that is, with packmules and three batteries of artillery, &amp;c.-while the rest of the armies look on, though it has some sensible patent ideas, is in the aggregate simply ridiculous

CAMP WOOD, January 13, 1862.

Brigadier General D. C. BUELL, Commanding:

My man left Bowling Green yesterday morning. He hays they are not re-enforcing. They have no guns on Baker's Hill that can be seen. They not doing any additional work to strengthen their position. Floyd is at Bowling Green. McCulloch is not there. Breckinridge is at Oakland, Hindman's headquarters. At Bell's he gave notice to the people of Cave City to move immediately; that every house that would serve for headquarters or hospital would be burned. There is no obstruction on the roads this side of Bowling Green, save a little this side of Bell's -tress cut and ditches dug. I have had the amount of damage to railroad estimated at about a half mile in all, but in detached places. I have a Louisville Courier of the 11th instant. Extract puts the percentage of sick altogether too large; the number of dead from disease is deplorably great. They are not foraying at Davis Hill, below Glasgow.

McCOOK.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, January 13, 1862.

General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: On account of the time that would be occupied in preparation and notice it would attract, it would not be advisable to cross the river as you propose. General Schoepf's suggestion, though it is open to the objection of dividing your force widely, seems plausible, but so much depends on lactations and other circumstances which can only be ascertained on the grounds, that it is impossible to decide well without nearer observations. The matter, therefore, must be left to your judgment. Your messenger's description of the ground rather inclines me to my first idea about it, but I must leave it to your own discretion. I have ordered two more regiments and two batteries to join you; but

