
pany will go, others will not. I have told him to make the transfers and present the two companies, and I will muster them in for the war, under his command. I propose then to attach the remaining three companies to Colonel Moore's regiment, so as to complete the Twenty-ninth Virginia according to your order, and I will assign the command of the post at Pound Gap to Major Giles (who is willing to accept it), and take Thompson into the field as an active officer. He is from the Mounted Rifle Corps, late of United States Army, and seems to be a competent officer for active service. I hope this arrangement, securing as it does two permanent companies to the service, will meet your approbation, if it can be effected.

Lieutenant-Colonel Simms, having been appointed senator, will not accept the place offered to him, I presume. I will cause the battalion to be reorganized and a new and judicious selection to be made. I think I can probably make a full a battalion of mounted rifles, and yet have a full squadron of light cavalry, armed with the shot-gun or carbine and saber. I received and valued all the double-barreled shot-guns in the command belonging to individuals and placed them in Shawhaus' and Cameron's companies, promising the owners that they should be paid for or returned to them. Thus I made the arms of separate companies homogeneous. Will you authorize me to have these guns paid for? I do not think them efficient except for cavalry proper, nor the best arms for these; but the case must be disposed of.

In conclusion, let me say that I write into details because I want to keep in accordance with the wishes of the Department, and to have no difficulty springing out of my administration. If there are irregularities you will be kind enough to overlook them, for you cannot appreciate the difficulties I encounter in such a country and with raw levies such as I control and must bring into military shape.

I am, your obedient servant,

H. MARSHALL,

Brigadier-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

CAMP IN LETCHER COUNTY, KY., January 23, 1862.

GENERAL: Since I last wrote the enemy assailed me in largely superior force, and was effectually and gallantly repulsed by the troops under my command.

My loss in the action of January 10 is accurately stated at 10 killed and 14 wounded.

The loss of the enemy was severe, estimated by the officers of my command, who had an opportunity to see their dead, at over 200 killed and more than that wounded.

The firing was kept up, with some intervals, for about four hours, and was occasionally very sharp and spirited.

My troops behaved remarkably well, had decided advantage in the situation, and maintained it throughout the day.

The enemy came into the valley of main Middle Creek below the mouth of the Left Fork of Middle Creek. I occupied the mouth of the Left Fork, my artillery in the gorge, my right wing below, and my left wing above the mouth. The enemy did not move me from any one position I assumed, and at nightfall withdrew from the field, leaving me just where I was in the morning. After he had withdrawn I called my troops down from the hills and pursued the march which I was executing when the enemy came in sight.

