HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,Somerset, January 15, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Eastern Division:

GENERAL: I received yours of the 14th instant, and in reply to your inquiries regarding the practicability of sending boats down the river to Mill Springs I could not take the responsibility of advising it from the knowledge I have of the enemy's position at that place. Please advise me which route you are going to take. If to Somerset, I would advise you to take the road north by Adams' Mill, as the Columbia road is now impassable even for empty wagons.

It would be very important for me to know the strength and disposition of your command in case of a simultaneous attack upon the enemy. We can barely forage, the roads being very bad. Provisions are very scarce, and complaints are made daily of our troops taking them without pay. Grow's train has been taken from our lines and transferred to the London road.

The brigade quartermaster has only a few wagons and fewer mules. It is extremely important that the disbursing officers should be provided with funds, as the inhabitants complain bitterly of having their property taken without compensation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP IN FIELD,O'Neill's Mill, January 16, 1862.

Colonel C. C. MARSH,

Twentieth Illinois Volunteers, Fort Jefferson, Ky.:

You will send the accompanying dispatch to Colonel Johnson, at Elliott's Mill, as soon as possible. Let six of your companies of your regiment be got ready and moved as soon as possible, to join Colonel Johnson's command at Elliott's Mill, where they will camp for the night, leaving the remaining force to garrison Fort Jefferson . Have three or four cavalrymen stationed at Fort Jefferson, to bring any dispatches which may come there for me. If you have no cavalry for the purpose, you can detain the cavalry which carry you this dispatch, if you have no other.

By order of Brigadier-General Grant:

WM. S. HILLYER,

Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS CAMP IN FIELD,O'Neill's Mill, January 16, 1862.

Colonel A. K. JOHNSON,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Elliott's Mill, Ky.:

You will push out a strong party of cavalry and infantry for reconnaissance on Columbus road for 4 or 5 miles towards Columbus or as far as can be done with security, taking no baggage, and return to camp at your present position to-night. Six companies of Colonel

