
are received requiring a change. I heard from Columbus yesterday. No force has left there for some days. They were strongly apprehensive a few days ago of an attack, but though most of the forces threatening there had gone to Mayfield.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, January 17, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of 13th from Webb's Cross-Roads. You will before this have received my letter of same date, sent with your messenger. I hope that letter will have determined your action. It is not sufficient to hold Zollicoffer in check; he must be captured or dispersed. I think his situation offers the opportunity of effecting the former.

If you consider your force insufficient, telegraph me from Somerset. The lines have been extended to that point. It will not be advisable to march your command to Somerset, but rather take a position in front of the enemy, so as to draw your supplies from Somerset and be in a convenient position to move down upon him.

I am assured that you can get an abundance of forage from the country in the direction of Liberty. If you can buy meal, don't haul flour. It is necessary to subsist your command, but it is not necessary that the established ration be followed exactly. I am aware that the roads are in a horrible condition. They must be improved. The only way to do that effectually, where trains are to pass over them several times, is to corduroy or puncheon them 16 feet wide. I have given orders for this to be done on the Danville and Somerset road.

General Schoepf sends a regiment on that duty from Somerset, and General Wood, with three regiment, is to do the same from Danville. See that it is pushed forward energetically from Somerset. It ought to be completed in a few days. Take sure means of informing yourself constantly of the movements of the enemy and apprise me daily by telegraph. You could not march to Burkesville, and it is not desirable that you should be there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,Calhoun, January 18, 1862.

J. B. FRY, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: My entire command is now here. The Fourteenth Brigade, under Colonel Jones, and Jackson's cavalry reached here yesterday evening.

On the 16th instant we crossed the river at Calhoun and marched to Sacramento, with all our wagons, bringing nothing but a little forage. The roads of course are bad, but we got there without accident or damage. Colonel Cruft's command was so conducted as to occupy the town before the inhabitants were aware of the approach of troops.

