
to cross the creek, then move down the bottom to Puntney's Bend, and a steamboat protected by gunboat will be sent to bring you off. Send dispatch with information which route you will take.

By order of Brigadier General U. S. Grant:

WM. S. HILLYER,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP IN THE FIELD,Near Blandville, January 18, 1862.

General JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Commanding Advance Forces:

The objects of the expedition having been accomplished, all the forces will now be withdrawn to their former positions as expeditiously as practicable. A guard will be left at this (O'Neill's) mill and at the bridge above until you have passed, and none of the forces will leave Fort Jefferson until your advance has arrived there. There are some supplies here a portion of your command, and I should have been glad could you have made this point to-night. If the state of the roads, however, make it impracticable, it will make no material difference.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JANUARY 19, 1862.

General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Care of General Schoepf, Somerset:

The re-enforcements ordered to you were ten pieces of artillery and De Courcy's and Ray's regiments. The latter has since been put under Wood's command, to work on the road. Order it forward if necessary. One of the batteries (Mack's regular) is following on your route. It had better be soon posted.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Cairo, January 19, 1862.

General E. A. PAINE,

Commanding Second Brigade, Fort Jefferson, Ky.:

You will proceed to Bird's Point as soon as practicable with a portion of your command-as much as can be taken-with their baggage, with the transportation supplied. On your arrival all citizen prisoners against whom you have no charge will be released, and all negroes who have flocked into camp will be permitted to return to their masters.

I learn from Colonel Perczel that there are many of this class now in camp who have flocked there through fear. Some discretion will have to be used in forcing these people out of camp now that they are in. I would require all, however, who have masters in camp to take their negroes with them.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

