
not believe that any stronger forces will be needed, especially if Middle Tennessee is threatened by my force.

Burkesville is one of the strongest positions on the river, and could be easily fortified so as to prevent all possibility of getting above. To procure it is necessary to send for it 15 miles, and the roads are so difficult that by the time the wagons reach here the teams have nearly consumed their loads.

I send Captain Gillem to explain verbally to you the difficulties I have to encounter and what still lies before me if I am required to advance into Tennessee.

Very respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,South Carrollton, Ky., January 24, 1862.

Captain J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I am, of course, very anxious to hear from department headquarters. I am, I think, strongly posted, and could not, I believe, have crossed the river at any time since my arrival because of the great rise in the waters.

The river still continues very high, and I could not now bridge it with boats. If attacked here, I must win the fight; the low lands are so covered with water that a retreat would be very difficult.

I am informed and believe that a considerable number of troops went from Bowling Green to Riverside the day before yesterday (the 22d). The may have gone farther, but the secessionists at Greenville say they are coming to attack me. I can't say I expect them, but am preparing to receive them, and, if they come, hope to give them a handsome reception.

Quite a number of persons from different places in this vicinity and one from near Rochester have reported to me to-day that they bad heard cannon firing all day in the direction of Bowling Green. This has greatly distressed me. If so, orders for me have miscarried. I cannot believe that I would be left here to do nothing while a battle was being fought at Bowling Green.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SOMERSET, January 24, 1862.

(Received January 27, 1862.)

General D. C. BUELL, Commanding:

My scouts have returned and report the roads from this place to Monticello in an almost impassable condition. The enemy have entirely dispersed and gone to their homes. At Monticello they destroyed the carriages of four guns. General Schoepf starts to-day with his brigade for Monticello. I have left Colonel Manson, with his brigade, at enemy's entrenched camp, collecting the public property, which will require four or five days to accomplish. The engineers have commenced on the flying

