HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Cairo, January 31, 1862.

General C. F. SMITH,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Paducah, Ky.:

On Monday next I expect to start from Smithland, Paducah, and this place some 15,000 men for Fort Henry, to take and occupy that position. Full instructions will be received from General Halleck in the morning. At the present I am only in possession of telegraphic orders to take and hold it.

If my instructions contain nothing to change the plan I would adopt, I will want a brigade from Paducah, and all the command from Smithland, except the Fifty-second Illinois, and one battalion to be designated by yourself. These troops will take them all their baggage, but no baggage train; these being left, to be taken up afterwards.

I do not regard over a squadron of cavalry being necessary for the whole command in taking the position. All that might afterwards be required can be sent from here.

The troops going from your command may take with them such rations as they have on hand at the time of starting, not less than two days' supply, however, preparation being made here for issuing at the place of debarkation. A supply of ammunition will also be taken from here, but every regiment should take with them all they have no hand, and not less than 40 rounds.

Should I not be able to write more definitely by to-morrow's boat, I will telegraph during the day if a change from the above is necessary. But very little preparation is necessary for this move; and, if possible, the troops and community should be kept from knowing anything of the design. I am well aware, however, that this caution is entirely unnecessary to you.

It is impossible to spare a boat just now to run exclusively between Paducah and Smithland; but until one can be sent, the steamer from here can continue her trips to the latter place upon your order as often as necessary.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Cairo, January 31, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Inclosed herewith I send you a communication from General Smith* containing the latest and most reliable information I have from the Upper Tennessee. I am quietly making preparations for a move, without as yet having created a suspicion even that a movement is to be made. Awaiting your instructions, which we expect in the morning, I have not made definite plans as to my movements, but expect to start Sunday evening, taking 15,000 men. I would move by steamer as far as practicable, taking but little cavalry and but little land transportation, expecting to forward these afterwards. I shall go in person, and take with me either General McClernand or General Smith, to command after my return. I will report from this until Saturday by telegraph.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

