
them have yet received crews. The garrison of Fort Henry at last accounts was 6,000. It may be further re-enforced from Columbus.

Keep me informed of your forces and plans, and I will endeavor to assist you as much as possible. If we take Fort Henry and concentrate all available forces there, troops must be withdrawn either from Bowling Green or Columbus to protect the railroads. If the former, you can advance; if the latter, we can take New Madrid and cut off the river communication with Columbus. But it will take some time to get troops ready to advance far south of Fort Henry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CAIRO, February 2, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I leave at Cairo and defenses eight regiments of infantry, six companies of cavalry, two companies of artillery, and the sick of the entire command. More troops should be here soon if a change of commander is expected at Columbus.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 2, 1862.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT, Cairo, Ill.:

I think a column should move from Smithland between the rivers if the road is practicable. Nearly all your available cavalry could take that route and be supplied, at least partly, by the boats on the river. Make your force as large as possible. I will send more regiments from here in a few days.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO, No. 7. Cairo, February 2, 1862.

On the expedition now about starting from Smithland, Paducah, Cairo, Bird's Point, and Fort Holt the following orders will be observed:

1. No firing, except when ordered by proper authority, will be allowed.

2. Plundering and disturbing private property is positively prohibited.

3. Company officers will see that all their men are kept within camp, except when on duty.

4. Bolls will be called evening and morning and every man accounted for, and absences reported to regimental commanders.

5. Company commanders will have special care that rations and ammunition are not wasted or destroyed by carelessness.

6. Troops will take with them three days' rations and forage, all camp and garrison equipage, and not to exceed four teams to each regiment.

7. Regimental commanders will be held strictly accountable for the acts of their regiments, and will in turn hold company commanders accountable for the conduct of their companies.

