
down the Fourteenth Iowa to-day, the Forty-third Illinois to-morrow, and the Second Iowa in a few days.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, February 5, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN, Washington:

The delay caused by want of transportation, and when that shall be remedied the insuperable obstacles to the advance of a suitable column into East Tennessee in the present condition of the roads, impel me to proceed at once against Bowling Green, leaving the other to the resumed when it is possible. I am unwilling to seem to swerve from the execution of your plan without advising you of the meaning of it and knowing that you will acquiesce in the necessity for it. Since I commenced this dispatch General Halleck telegraphs me: "Our advance column is moving upon the enemy. Can't you make a diversion in our favor by threatening Bowling Green?" My position does not admit of diversion; my moves must be in earnest, and I propose to move at once. Our progress will not be rapid, for the railroad has to be repaired as we go, but we try to make it sure. I hope General Halleck has weighed his work well. Please answer.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 5, 1862.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War, Indianapolis:

I want all the infantry regiments at Cairo you can possibly send me there, in order to re-enforce the column now moving up the Tennessee River. Ten thousand men have been detached from Bowling Green by railroad to re-enforce Fort Henry. Send me all the re-enforcements you can, as I wish to cut the enemy's line before Beauregard arrives.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

General FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CAIRO, No. 1. Camp in Field, near Fort Henry, Feb. 5, 1862.

The First Division, General John A. McClernand, commanding, will move at 11 o'clock a.m. to-morrow, under the guidance of Lieutenant-Colonel McPherson, and take a position on the roads from Fort Henry to Fort Donelson and Dover.

It will be the special of this command to prevent all re-enforcements to Fort Henry or escape from it; also to be field in readiness to charge and take Fort Henry by storm promptly on receipt of orders.

Two brigades of the Second Division, General C. F. Smith, commanding, will start at the same hour from the west bank of the river and take and occupy the heights commanding Fort Henry. This point will be held by so much artillery as can be made available and such other troops as in the opinion of the general commanding Second Division may be necessary for its protection.

The Third Brigade, Second Division, will advance up the east bank

