
The country all around is flooded and impassable. The rebels have burned all the bridges on Pond River, a small stream, but deep; fordable when the waters are low at but few places, and not now to be forded at all. Pond River empties into Green River 10 miles below this place, and runs nearly parallel with Green River from its source to its mouth.

If a rebel force should attempt to go to Henderson I could only meet them by going down the river. I am confident that no troops but cavalry would attempt to go to Henderson; but I have been notified several times that the rebel cavalry contemplated this enterprise. In my opinion a single regiment at this place is enough to protect the lock, and twenty regiments here can do no more. If it is not your design to move this column south from some point on this river at an early day, I respectfully suggest that it would be well to send a regiment to Henderson.

I am, general, impatient, of course, at the inactivity of my command, but feel nothing like the spirit of complaint. We were all cheered by the order to advance, and naturally depressed by the order to return. But although my position at South Carrollton was naturally strong and had been strengthened by some field works, yet your order for me to return was not altogether unexpected, and my judgment approved the order, unless you could have sent some re-enforcements to my command.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 7, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN, Washington:

Fort Henry is ours. The flag of the Union is re-established on the soil of Tennessee. It will never be removed.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,February 7, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

General McClellan congratulates you on the success of the expedition, and desires that Fort Henry be held at all hazards. Will give further instructions to-day about further movements.

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, February 7, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

Fort Henry will be held at all hazards. It is said that the enemy is concentrating troops by railroad to recover his lost advantage. If General Buell cannot either attack or threaten Bowling Green on

