
McClellan gives hopes of adopting my plan entire, by sending a part of Buell's army to the Cumberland. If so, look out for lively times. The gunboats should be prepared for the Cumberland with all possible dispatch. Hitchcock is appointed.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, February 9, 1862.

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM, Cairo:

If three gunboats can be spared from Cairo and made efficient, I wish them sent up the Cumberland to Dover and Clarksville. Consult Commodore Foote and let me know when how many can go.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CAIRO, February 9, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I telegraphed you this morning, and find my dispatch not sent at 8 this evening. I have already consulted with Foote, anticipating your orders. He can't send gunboats up Cumberland. Will see him again.

G. W. CULLUM,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

CAIRO, ILL., February 9, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Saint Louis, Mo.:

No force at Commerce Point, where all contraband from Illinois is landed for rebels. Four companies of Second Illinois Artillery, 425 men and sixteen guns, sent to north of Fort Holt on high ground, it being the order of General Grant on leaving to retain them here. German recruits may have been recently distributed to regiments. Captain Rodgers, of provost-marshal's department, reports a gang of K. G. C. at Ironton, Randolph, County, Illinois. Mortar boats being experimented with. Essex will have to go to Saint Louis for repairs of boiler, &amp;c. Forty-eighth Indiana arrived here with 900 men and but 400 arms. Have directed Colonel Buford to supply them with 500 from 600 altered Harper's Ferry muskets he has on hand, having just been supplied with Enfield rifles.

G. W. CULLUM,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CAIRO, No. 3. Fort Henry, February 9, 1862.

All regimental officers will immediately take up quarters with commands and not board on steamers, as the general commanding regrets to see has been done.

No officer will be allowed to go board any steamers except where his duty carries him.

Commanders of regiments will see that this order is properly executed.

By order of Brigadier-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

