
GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CAIRO, No. 5. Fort Henry, February 9, 1862.

The pilfering and marauding disposition shown by some of the men of this command has determined the general commanding to make an example of some one, to fully show his disapprobation of such conduct. Brigade commanders, therefore, will be left accountable for the conduct of their brigades, regimental commanders for their regiments, and company commanders for their companies. If any one is found guilty of plundering or other violation of orders, if the guilty parties are not punished promptly the company officers will be at once arrested, or if they are not known the punishment will have to come upon the regimental or brigade commanders. Every offense will be traced back to a responsible party.

In an enemy's country, where so much more could be done by a manly and humane policy to advance the cause which we all have so deeply at heart, it is astonishing that men can be found so wanton as to destroy, pillage, and burn indiscriminately, without inquiry.

This has been done but to a very limited extent in this command so far, but too much for our credit has already occurred to be allowed to pass without admonition.

By order of Brigadier General U. S. Grant, commanding:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 10 [17], 1862-9 a.m.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

It is said that Beauregard is preparing to move from Columbus either on Paducah or Fort Henry. Do send me more troops. It is the crisis of the war in the West. Have you fully considered the advantage which the Cumberland affords to the enemy at Nashville? An immense number of boats have been collected, and the whole Bowling Green force can come down in a day, attack Grant in the rear, and return to Nashville before Buell can get half way there. The bridges are all destroyed and the roads rendered impassable. If Buell must move by land, why not direct him on Clarksville? I can do no more for Grant at present. I must stop the transports at Cairo to observe Beauregard. We are certainly in peril. Telegraph to General Hitchcock officially, informing him of his appointment, and assign him to duty in this department.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 10, 1862-12 m.

Major-General McCLELLAN, Washington:

Colonel Holt and others say that troops cannot move by land in Kentucky before well into April. If sufficient forces are sent to the Cumberland, we can by that time be in the heart of Tennessee. Give us the means and we are certain to give the enemy a telling blow.

We have just taken Poplar Bluff and Doniphan, capturing Major Jennings and 29 men of the rebel army.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

