
and captured about eighty hogs, became intoxicated on stolen whisky, and left in a row.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

N. B FORREST,

Colonel, Commanding Forrest Regiment Cavalry.

Brigadier General CHARLES CLARK,

Commanding at Hopkinsville, Ky.

No. 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James Peckham, Eighth Missouri Infantry.

CAMP GENERAL SMITH, Paducah, Ky., December 2, 1861.

SIR: In compliance with your order of the 30th ultimo, I proceeded, on board the transports Golden State and Lake Erie No. 3, with three companies of the Eighth Missouri Volunteers and one piece of artillery, commanded by Lieutenant Tobey, of the Chicago Light Artillery, to Cave in Rock, where I awaited the arrival of the gunboat Conestoga. In company with the latter I reached Caseyville, Ky., at daylight on the morning of the 1st instant. The enemy had left Caseyville the day before my arrival there, and from many reports was at least 20 miles distant and pushing southward. From all I could learn I submit the following:

It was apparently with no intention of blockading the Ohio that the enemy ventured upon its banks. A very large crop of hogs is nor ready for the marked, and it is to secure this crop that they are found in the region of the Ohio. They have driven off many already, but a large number still remain. They had in an inclosure, some 3 miles from Caseyville, a lot of 60, which I secured, and turned over to Colonel Cavanaugh, of the Sixth Illinois Cavalry, now stationed at Shawneetown. I am led to believe that a large business in salt is being done by the rebels via Caseyville and Cave in Rock. It is known that vast quantities of goods find their way to Nashville through that section of country, of which Caseyville is the leading point. Upon my arrival at the latter place I consulted with Captain Phelps, of the Conestoga, and Colonel Williams, of this place, and concluded to send to Shawneetown for re-enforcements. They arrived, but too late to do any good. I returned stay at Caseyville could be productive of no good.

Your obedient servant,

JAMES PECKHAM,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Mo. Vols., Commanding Detachment.

General C. F. SMITH,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Paducah, Ky.

DECEMBER 1, 1861. - Gunboat demonstration on Fort Holt, Ky.

Report of Coll John Cook, Seventh Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE,Fort Holt, Ky., Sunday, December 1, 1861.

At 3.15 p. m. Lieutenant Mathie, commanding Company F, Seventh Illinois, officer of the day, reported to these headquarters the approach

