HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 10, 1862.

Brigadier-General CULLUM, Ill.:

Persuade Flag-Officer Foote, if possible, to send gunboats up the Cumberland. Two will answer, if he can send no more. They must precede the transports. I am straining every nerve to send troops to take Dover and Clarksville. Troops are on their way. All we want is gunboats to precede the transports. Show him this.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Fort Henry, February 10, 1862.

Flag-Officer FOOTE, Commanding Flotila:

I have been waiting very patiently for the return of the gunboats under Commander Phelps, to go around on the Cumberland, whilst I marched my land forces across to make a simultaneous attack upon Fort Donelson . I feel that there should be no delay in this matter, and yet I do not feel justified in going without some of your gunboats to co-operate. Can you not send two boats from Cairo immediately up the Cumberland? To expedite matters, any steamers at Cairo may be taken to tow them. Should you be deficient in men, an artillery company can be detached to serve on the gunboats temporarily.

Please let me know your determination in this matter, and start as soon as you like. I will be ready to co-operate any moment.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, February 10, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Just received your dispatch. I ordered six regiments from Ohio, two from Indiana, and the brigade (four regiments) from Green River; in all, twelve regiments. The boats for the Green River brigade left here the night of the day you called for them, and were to ascend the Tennessee River. May have been delayed a little at Green River. The Ohio regiments, it appears, did not understand your call as definite. I dispatched last night to hasten them forward. May I ask what force you leave at Paducah? It is exposed to Columbus, is it not? How many gunboats have you? It may affect my movement.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, February 10, 1862.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT:

If possible destroy the bridge at Clarksville. Run any risk to accomplish this. Strengthen land side of Fort Henry, and transfer guns to resist a land attack. Picks and shovels are sent. Large re-enforcements will soon join you.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

