
tenant Phelps in Tennessee is cheering. Victory seems to crown all our efforts.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 11, 1862

Brigadier General D. C. BUELLL, Louisville:

Three or four gunboats will be ready to ascend the Cumberland by the last of the week and more can soon follow. Get no advices from those up the Tennessee to destroy bridges. Have stopped all transports at Paducah to go up the Cumberland. Paducah is perfectly safe. Can't you come with all your available forces and command the column up the Cumberland? I shall go to the Tennessee this week.

H. W. HALLECK.

Major-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CAIRO, Numbers 9. Fort Henry, February 11, 1862

The following changes and additions are made to present brigade organizations:

The Thirty-second Illinois Volunteers will be added to the Third Brigade, First Division; the Fifty-second Indiana will be transferred to Third Brigade, Second Division; and Seventh Iowa from the Third Brigade, Second Division to the Fourth Brigade, Second Division.

The Second Iowa Regiment will be attached to this brigade immediately upon arrival.

By order of Brigadier General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CAIRO, Numbers 11. Fort Henry, February 11, 1862.

The troops designated in General Field Orders, Numbers 7, will move to-morrow as rapidly as possible, in the following order:

One brigade of the First Division will move by the Telegraph road directly upon Fort Donelson, halting for further orders at a distance of 2 miles from the fort. The other brigades of the First Division will move by the Dover or Ridge road, and halt at the same distance from the fort, and throw out troops so as to form a continuous line between the two wings.

The two brigades of the Second Division now at Fort Henry will follow as rapidly as practicable by the Dover road, and will be followed by the troops from Fort Heima as fast as they can be ferried across the river.

One brigade of the Second Division should be thrown into Dover to cut off all retreat by the river, if found practicable to do so.

The force of the enemy being so variously reported, it is impossible to give exact details of attack, but the necessary orders will be given on the field.

By order of Brigadier General U. S. Grant, commanding:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

