
The acceptance of this proposition by the President or Secretary of War is to be considered as making this contract complete, on my being notified thereof by General Marshall, or any other agent of the Government, and a copy hereof furnished to me, signed by the President or Secretary, at any time prior to the 1st of May, 1862; possession to be given at that time or as much sooner as the other party chooses to take it.

Witness my hand and seal at Whitesburg, Letcher County, Kentucky this 1st February, 1862.

R. S. BRASHERS.

WitnessesH. MARSHALL.

J. S. C. TAYLOR, M. D.

[Indorsement.]

It is not recommended to decide on this question at present, as it remains open until the 1st of May. Moreover, this department has made preparations for furnishing salt in less precarious localities and sufficient quantities.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General Subsistence.

FEBRUARY 17, 1862.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel A. C. Moore, Twenty-ninth Virginia Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-NINTH VIRGINIA REGIMENT,January 13, 1862.

SIR: The present being the first opportunity which has presented itself since our engagement with the enemy at the Fort of Middle Creek, in Floyd County, Kentucky, on the evening of the 10th instant, I will now give you briefly a hasty report of the part taken and the consequences resulting therefrom to the force under my command. The Twenty-ninth Virginia Regiment was the greater part of the time-that is, during the battle, which lasted some three hours-in the head and front of the fire, and all, without a single exception, so far as my information extends, conducted themselves in the bravest and most gallant manner. The loss to my regiment was 5 killed and 7 wounded.

In this my brief and imperfect report I ought not, perhaps, to make any invidious distinctions by mentioning the names of any of my men or officers, who conducted themselves most gallantly in the battle; but I think my whole command will bear me out in giving to Lieutenant Colonel William Leight, Major James Giles, and to Lieutenant William J. March, of Captain Bryant's company, great credit for the gallant and daring part acted throughout the entire engagement.

In conclusion I will say that all acted nobly and achieved for themselves a reputation and a name which old Virginia may and will be ever proud to honor.

A. C. MOORE,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-ninth Virginia Volunteers.

Brigadier General HUMPHREY MARSHALL,

Commanding First Brigade, Army of Eastern Kentucky.

