
Your brigade must have 100 rounds ammunition. If you have not got it, make requisition and send an officer ahead to see to it.

Inform Colonel Lytle of this. Report.

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, February 13, 1862

Brigadier General WILLIAM NELSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The force under your command will consist of the two brigades of your division now with you, three field batteries, embarking here, and a brigade from Green River, under General Crittenden. The transports for the latter will start down this evening, and take the brigade on board to-morrow. I will instruct him to proceed at once to Smithland, if he is ready before you pass, and there await your arrival, unless he should receive instructions to push forward. The same instructions will be given to the batteries that embark here. Ammunition and supplies for ten day are being put on board here. A regular quartermaster will accompany them and report to you. Keep your transports in company, move with the least possible delay, and inquire at Smithland for instructions for your further movements, in regard to which I have telegraphed General Halleck. If you meet no instructions there, proceed up the Cumberland to the point of debarkation of the other troops, near Fort Donelson, and report to the officer in command.

It is unnecessary to suggest to you to keep boats of the same regiment and brigade together, so that your debarkation may be conducted without confusion.

Another brigade of General Crittenden's division is already there. If circumstances will permit, ask to have it reunited under your command. If you pass Smithland before General Crittenden, leave instructions there for him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department.

BELL'S TAVERN, KY., February 13, 1862-3.20 p.m.

General BUELL:

The Third Division in compliance with your orders, commenced its march this morning, and at 7 a.m. the advance guard, consisting of Colonel Turchin's brigade, Kennett's cavalry and Loomis' battery, had passed the brigade at Rowlett's Station. The cavalry are already in advance of this place, and the head of the column of infantry and artillery is just in sight. We camp in this vicinity to-night, and resume the march in the early morning.

The enemy burned the station and platform last night, and all agree that Hindman and all other troops have passed Barren River, and many assert that Bowling Green has been evacuated. The tunnel has not been injured; the mouths north and south are blocked with heavy stones and the rails are torn up. The repairs can be easily made with a

