
SAINT LOUIS, February 14, 1862-5 p.m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

We have at Cairo and moving south twelve batteries and about sixty guns. Some are without horses, and can be used only in field works at present. Send me all you can. Can't you spare some troops from the Potomac? I am not strong enough if the enemy concentrates on me.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, February 14, 1862.

Brigadier General D. C. BUELL,Commanding Department of the Ohio, Louisville, Ky.:

Please inform me as soon as possible what re-enforcements have been sent from your command in Kentucky to the expeditions up the Cumberland and Tennessee; also what have been sent by yon from other States. Ten thousand muskets have been ordered to Columbus, Ohio.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.

LOUISVILLE, February 14, 1862-6 p.m.

(Received 4 a.m. February 15.)

Major-General McCLELLAN:

I have sent one brigade from Kentucky and eight regiments from Ohio and Indiana. I have made preparation and start myself on Monday with two divisions, but intelligence from them or from my advance towards Bowling Green in the mean time may affect that matter.

General Grant cannot any longer be in danger. From what I have heard within three days, he must have some 30,000 men. The only apprehension I have now is for his gunboats. My advance will be within 15 miles or less of Bowling Green to-night, which was as far as I meant it should go, except for reconnaissance, until matters were closed up a little in the rear; but General Mitchel has information which may carry him farther and affect my movements.

General Halleck telegraphs me that General Grant would attack yesterday or to-day. There is not more than 10 feet in the Cumberland River now. It will take two months or more to prepare the gunboat; by that time I hope the navigation of these rivers or the Ohio River will no longer that sort of protection; but it is best to be prepared. I believe such boats will be more efficient every way.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.

FORT HENRY, February 14 [12], 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

We start this morning for Fort Donelson in heavy force. Four regiments from Buell's command and two from Saint Louis arrived last night and were sent around by water. I hope to send you a dispatch from Fort Donelson to-morrow.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

