
NEAR FORT DONELSON, TENN., February 14, 1862.

General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: Five gunboats and twelve transports arrived this morning and will materially strengthen us. The enemy have been receiving heavy re-enforcements every night since the investment commenced. They are now all driven inside their outer works, which, however, cover and extensive area. It was impossible, in consequence of the high water and deep sloughs, to throw a force in above Dover to cut off their re-enforcements. Any force sent for such a purpose would be entirely away from support from the main body.

Last night was very severe upon the troops. At dusk it commenced raining, and in a short time turned cold and changed to snow and sleet. This morning the thermometer indicated 20 below freezing.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT

Brigadier-General.

NEAR FORT DONELSON, February 14, 1862

Major-General HALLECK,

Floyd arrived at Donelson to-day with 4,000 men. Generals Johnson, Buckner, Floyd, and Pillow are said to be there. I have but one gunboat to-day. We have had considerable skirmishing, losing some 10 or 12 killed and about 120 wounded. Rebel loss probably much heavier. I am hourly looking for more gunboats and re-enforcements.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

NEAR DONELSON, February 14, 1862

Major-General HALLECK:

Our troops now invest the works at Fort Donelson. The enemy have been driven into their works at every point. A heavy abatis all around prevents carrying the works by storm at present. I feel every confidence of success and the best feeling prevails among the men.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,In Field, near Fort Donelson, February 14, 1862

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM, Cairo, Ill.:

I hope you will direct Captain Turnley to forward the transportation belonging to the troops here as rapidly as possible. It is now almost impossible to get supplies from the landing to where our troops are. We will soon want ammunition for our 10 and 20 pounder Parrott guns, and already require it for the 24-pounder howitzers. I have directed my ordnance officer to keep a constant watch upon the supply of ammunition, and to take steps in time to avoid a deficiency.

Appearances indicate now that we will have a protracted siege here. The ground is very broken, and the fallen timber extending far out

