
I am arranging to talk with Buell and yourself over the wires to-morrow morning, and would be glad to have you at the telegraphed office when all is ready. Buell will also be in Louisville office, and we can come to a full understanding.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP NEAR FORT DONELSON, February 15, 1862

ANDREW H. FOOTE,

Commanding Officer Gunboat Flotilla:

If all the gunboats that can will immediately make their appearance to the enemy it may secure us a victory. Otherwise all may be defeated. A terrible conflict ensued in my absence, which has demoralized a portion of my command, and I think the enemy is much more so. If the gunboats do not show themselves it will reassure the enemy and still further demoralize our troops. I must order a charge to save appearances. I do not expect the gunboats to go into action, but to make appearance and throw a few shells at long range.

U. S. GRANT.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PADUCAH, February 15, 1862

General HALLECK:

Arrived at Paducah. All quiet. Nothing on the road from Blandville or Mayfield. Nothing new from the Cumberland or Tennessee. I don't think the mortar boats can be brought upstream; the current is too strong. Left Lyford last night hard at work, but making no progress. I think General Tilgham and prisoners had better be sent to Cairo and there offered terms. If officers elect to go on parol to Cincinnati, they could go by rai.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 15, 1862

Brigadier-General SHERMAN, Paducah, Ky.:

Send up regiment from Smithland, leaving a guard for stores, &amp;c. Use your discretion about one from Paducah. One regiment and two batteries leave here to-morrow. If troops can reach Grant sooner, turn them all up the Tennessee. Consult him on this immediately. I am hurrying off re-enforcements with all possible dispatch. Telegrams about movements should be in cipher.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,

Camp near Fort Donelson, February 15, 1862

General LEW. WALLACE,

Commanding Fort Henry, Tenn.:

Send a company of cavalry on one of the transports up the Tennessee River to destroy railroad bridges, the position of which will be in-

