
DECEMBER 28, 1861.-Action at Sacramento, Ky.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Thomas L. Crittenden, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Charles Clark, C. S. Army.

Numbers 3.-Colonel Nathan B. Forrest, Forrest's Regiment, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Thomas L. Crittenden, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,Calhoun, Ky., December 29, 1861.

CAPTAIN: I regret to inform you that on yesterday, as a command of 168 men, under Major Murray, of Jackson's regiment, were returning from a reconnaissance, they were pursued and surprised by some rebel cavalry at Sacramento. The men made but little resistance, and I am afraid that the gallantry of the officers has cost us the services of several of them. I have not learned that any officers was killed, but when the men fled they fought themselves. Captains Bacon and Davis and Lieutenant Jouett are missing. Major Murray has just reported that 40 men are missing. From the accounts of the fight very few have been killed, and I suspect most of the missing will come in.

I sent Colonel Jackson out with about 500 men, 260 of them infantry, with instructions to gather up stragglers and the wounded, if there were any. I also instructed him that if the enemy were still in the vicinity to beat them up, but not to venture far in pursuit.

Jackson left about 10 o'clock last night. It is not about 10 a.m., and I have not heard from him. The rebels have no doubt rapidly retired, and Jackson is probably hunting his men. I shall ride out in a few minutes with an escort, and will write particulars as I can get them in an official report.

I have written this that you may not be deceived by any exaggerated report, which will doubtless reach you.

Very respectfully,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,Calhoun, Ky., December 30, 1861.

GENERAL: In the fight just beyond Sacramento we lost 8 killed and 8, perhaps 13, captured.

Over 400 rebel cavalry surprised 168 of Jackson's cavalry the day before yesterday, as they were returning from a scout to South Carrollton. The rebels attacked and drove in the vanguard, following them rapidly.

Major Murray behaved with great gallantry, and, with the aid of other officers, who will be mentioned when I get an official report, repelled the charge, being seconded handsomely by about 45 men. These men resisted the whole body of the enemy for ten minutes, and, from the accounts I have from many reliable witnesses, would have repulsed them, but at this critical moment some dastard unknown

