HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 17, 1862

Brigadier-General SHERMAN, Paducah, Ky.:

All troops from Kentucky will be sent up the Cumberland. All others will be stopped at Paducah to await further orders. Watch Beauregard's movements from Columbus and report by telegram your forces at Paducah, also report all you can stop there. I am not satisfied with present success. We must now prepare for a still more important movement. You will not be forgotten in this.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 1. Fort Donelson, February 17, 1862

By virtue of directions from Headquarters Department of the Missouri, dated February 15, 1862, the undersigned has been assigned to the command of the new Military District of West Tennessee; limits not defined.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 2. Fort Donelson, February 17, 1862

The general commanding takes great pleasure in congratulating the troops of this command for the triumph over rebellion gained by their valor on the 13th, 14th, and 15th instant.

For four successive nights, without shelter, during the most inclement weather known in this latitude, they faced an enemy in large force in a position chosen by himself. Though strongly fortified by nature, all the safeguards suggested by science were added. Without a murmur this was borne, prepared at all times to receive an attack, and with continuous skirmishing by day, resulting ultimately in forcing the enemy to surrender without conditions.

The victory achieved is not only great in breaking down rebellion, but has secured the greatest number of prisoners of war ever taken in one battle on this continent.

Fort Donelson will hereafter be marked in capitals on the maps of our united country, and the men who fought the battle will live in the memory of a grateful people.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, February 17, 1862

General McCLELLAN:

I think it will be necessary to issue some of the Tennessee arms. We require them immediately. For what purpose are the 10,000 stand of arms sent to Columbus [Ohio]?

D. C. BUELL.

