
shouted "Retreat to Sacramento!" Most of the men fled, of course, without stopping at Sacramento. In this retreat we sustained some loss. Captain Albert G. Bacon was killed and 7 privates, whose names I will get to-day. Captain Davis, of Jackson's regiment, was captured. He was conspicuous in the fight for bravery. We do not know the extent of the enemy's loss. Meriwether (either a major or a lieutenant-colonel) was killed and certainly 4 men. The rebels took away three wagon loads of dead and wounded.

Although outnumbered and partially surprised, I think my men had the best of the fight. I rode out to Sacramento yesterday and found Jackson burying the dead-6 of our men. We have 5 or 6 men so badly wounded that we could not bring them in. They are in good quarters and will be well carried for. The enemy here have every advantage of us. The Union men are generally inactive, while the secessionists are full of activity.

The rebel cavalry reached Greenville Friday morning, and Friday night the scouting party under Major Murray rode to South Carrollton. The rebels were beyond a doubt apprised of Murray's expedition, and the first intimation I had of their presence was from the fight at Sacramento. Heretofore I have always been promptly notified of their arrival at Greenville. If I had received the information this time I might have captured the entire command. The rebels are thoroughly and well armed, and Jackson's men are badly armed, and, what is worse, have no confidence in their pistols. I know that you will remedy this as soon as possible.

Most respectfully,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding

General BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,Calhoun, Ky., January 3, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I now inclose you the report of Major Murray of the affair at Sacramento.* You will see from Major Murray's report that the entire command behaved handsomely. Although attacked suddenly, and almost surprised, our men charged and drove back the rebels, and that, when the rebels rallied and were re-enforced, still fought and maintained themselves in a hand-to-hand conflict, until some one unknown called out "Retreat to Sacrament!" As it was, the casualties of the enemy were equal to ours, We have, however, to mourn the loss of 8 gallant soldiers, and 3 officers of uncommon bravery and soldierly qualities, Captain A. G. Bacon killed, Captain A. N. Davis captured and Lieutenant John L. Walter missing.

It is very gratifying to call your attention, general, to Major Murray's report of the conduct of all the officers under his command, every one of them perhaps under fire for the first time, and yet every one behaving handsomely.

I will close this letter, and only add that, by the testimony of all, Major Murray's conduct in the field deserves the highest praise.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

