
General Halleck. No distinction has been made between Federal and Confederate sick and wounded. Generally the prisoners have been treated with great kindness, and I believe they appreciate it. Great numbers of Union people, have come in to see us, and express great hope for the future. They say secessionists are in great trepidation- some leaving the country, others expressing anxiety to be assured that they will not be molested if they will come in and take the oath.

The amount of supplies captured here is very large-sufficient, probably, for twenty days for all my army. Some articles will be deficient, such as coffee. Of rice I don't know that we will want any more during the war. I think I will send you the tail of the elephant to-night or in the morning at furthest.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Fort Donelson, February 19, 1862

General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding District of Cairo, Paducah, Ky.:

Send all re-enforcements up the Cumberland. I shall occupy Clarksville on Friday and Nashville Saturday week, if it meets the approval of General Halleck. I have written him to that effect.

I feel under many obligations to you for the kind tone of your letter,* and hope that, should an opportunity occur, you will win for yourself the promotion which you are kind enough to say belongs to me. I care nothing for promotion so long as our arms are successful and no political appointments are made.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Fort Donelson, February 19, 1862

General C. F. SMITH,

Commanding Second Division:

Hold your command in readiness to take possession of Clarksville and garrison it. I would suggest the propriety of appointing some lieutenant to act as division quartermaster and one to act as division commissary. Ten days' rations should be taken to issue after arrival, besides what the troops may have when they leave here.

There are no Confederate troops at Clarksville at present, but it may be a matter of importance, to us to move there as rapidly as possible. You can commence this movement as soon as practicable after transportation can be provided.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 43. Saint Louis, February 19, 1862

The major-general commanding the department congratulates Flag-Officer Foote, Brigadier-General Grant, and the brave officers and men

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

