
under their commands, on the recent brilliant victories on the Tennessee and Cumberland.

But the war is not yet ended. Prepare for new conflicts and new victories. Troops are concentrating from every direction. We shall soon have an army which will be irresistible. The Union flag must be restored everywhere, and the enthralled Union men in the South must be set free. The soldiers and sailors of the Great West are ready and willing to do this. The times and places have been determined on. Victory and glory await the brave.

By command of Major-General Halleck;

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., February 19, 1862-4 p.m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

Our news is not very definite. It indicates that the enemy are concentrating at Nashville and fortifying beyond Franklin. They have destroyed everything like a bridge, however small.

Not a large force at Clarksville. The gunboats, backed by General Grant's troops, can, I think, dispose of them easily. I did not succeed in getting boats up Green River, but may on another rise.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.

FEBRUARY 19, 1862

General HALLECK, Saint Louis:

I thank you for your friendly offices. Supposing it would not be required in your advance up the Cumberland, and as it is required for an advance from Bowling Green, I this morning, ordered Nelson to return with his troops.

On the receipt of your dispatch this moment, inferring that you are in danger, I have countermanded my last order and directed Nelson to receive orders from you at Paducah. I am in doubt about your meaning. Is it that I should come personally and ascend the Cumberland to Clarksville, or that I should bring my troops around that way, or that I should move them toward Clarksville from Bowling Green? I cannot get any more troops to the river to embark in less than six days- say eight or ten days to the Cumberland.

Do you know that the enemy is preparing to make a serious stand at Clarksville? My information as far as it goes it that he has but a small force at Clarksville and is concentrating at Nashville. Tell me what reliable information you have about it, and definitely what you want.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.

FEBRUARY 19, 1862-5 p.m.

General CRITTENDEN,

On Transports at Smithland:

Your orders to return here are countermanded. Receive orders from General Halleck. Stop all the troops that are with you.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

