HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 20, 1862

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War, Louisville, Ky.;

I mean that Buell should move on Clarksville with his present column; there unite his Kentucky army and move up the Cumberland, while I act on the Tennessee. We should then be able to co-operate.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, February 20, 1862-7 p.m.

Major-General McCLELLAN, Washington:

Your dispatch of this date to General Buell received. He is at Bowling Green to-day; will return on Saturday. He received dispatch from General Halleck last night saying that either Cairo or Paducah was threatened from Columbus. General Buell had no news from Columbus, but hardly through an advance from that point probable, unless the enemy had more gunboats than we were aware of. He, however, ordered Nelson's division, which had been stopped at Evansville on account of the fall of Fort Donelson, to proceed at once to Smithland, and receive orders from General Halleck.

Mitchell's division, 10,000 fighting men, at Bowling Green, with a brigade advanced towards Nashville-I don't know how far-and a force towards Russellville. McCook's division, 15,000 fighting men, at or near Bowling Green to-night. Large details aiding to repair the railroad. Thomas' division just arriving at Bardstown; will be eight or nine days' march from there to Bowling Green. Wood's division, raw troops, at Munfordville three or four days' march from Bowling Green.

General Buell does not think he can advance on Nashville in force without the use of the railroad, and he and Colonel Scott, Assistant Secretary of War, have gone to look into and hasten the work upon it. The additional rolling stock has been ordered.

No news from the rebels since General Buell last telegraphed you. He is beyond the reach of telegraph or your message would be forwarded. He is driving the work on railroad and telegraph as rapidly as possible. Will deliver your message for report as soon as he returns or comes within reach.

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

LOUISVILLE, February 20, 1862

Major-General HALLECK, Saint Louis:

General Buell is at Bowling Green, 40 miles beyond telegraph. Your message I forwarded by telegraph and swift express. He may be back on Saturday.

We have now two divisions, 25,000 fighting men, at Bowling Green. Colonel Scott is with General Buell.

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

