HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION,Camp near Bardstown, Ky.

Brigadier-General BUELL,

Louisville:

I have sent back to hurry the regiments up, but the roads from Somerset to Lebanon are in such bad condition that I doubt if the last regiment can get up before Sunday.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General U. S. Volunteers.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

February 22, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Your telegram of yesterday,* together with Mr. Scott's reports, have this morning been submitted to the President, who, after full consideration of the subject, does not think any change in the organization of the Army or the military departments at present advisable. He desires and expects you and General Buell to co-operate fully and zealously with each other, and would be glad to know whether thee has been any failure of co-operation in any particular.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

LOUISVILLE,

February 22, 1862.

Major-General MCCLELLAN:

General Buell still at Bowling Green. Your messages have been forwarded by telegraph to Munfordville, thence by rail to Cave City, and thence by swift express to Bowling Green. Telegraph men promise to open through to Bowling Green to-morrow. McCook's division is not yet at Bowling Green; has large working parties on the railroad. Railroad promises to send train to Barren River on Sunday, but McCook does not think they will succeed. General Thomas' division-10,000 fighting men-is on the march from Somerset, and is moving by Bardstown to keep on the turnpike, dirt roads being impassable.

The division is scattered, and the head of the column is halted at Bardstown, to close up. I telegraphed him to-day that he must hasten his rear regiments. He will move south by Bardstown and New Haven turnpike. I will spur him again. Boyle's brigade, about 2,800 fighting men, is at Glasgow, ot assigned to a division.

Bruce's brigade, about 2,000 fighting men, good ones, at Munfordville, not assigned to a division. Mitchell reported yesterday that he would have a brigade at Franklin to-day; he has a small force at Russellville. He has repaired one locomotive and has it running with a few cars from Bowling Green towards Franklin and Russellville. I don't know condition of railroad from Bowling Green down, except that it is but little, if any, injured as fared own as our cavalry has been-about Franklin, and perhaps farther. Good to Russellville; have not heard beyond that point. Mitchell's, McCook's, Thomas', and Wood's divisions, and a new division to be formed of Bruce's and Boyle's brigades, give about 50,000 fighting men for Nashville.

There is a turnpike from Bowling Green to Nashville; none from Bowling Green to Clarksville. Buell is so far beyond telegraph station (40 miles), that there is necessarily great delay in his answering your dispatches.

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

---------------

*See p. 655.

---------------

