
was left at Somerset to guard to public property until the arrival of Landram's regiment.

If forage is provided for me at New Haven by Monday, I can march my whole division to Munfordville close up by Wednesday afternoon.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Paducah, February 22, 1862.

General HALLECK,

&amp;c., Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: Under orders from General Buell I came to this point with my division to report to you. Finding General Sherman here, I reported to him.

My division consists of the Tenth Brigade, Army of the Ohio, Colonel J. Ammen, commanding: Twenty-fourth Ohio Volunteers, fifty-first Ohio Volunteers, Thirty-sixth Indiana Volunteers, Thirty-fourth Indiana Volunteers. Nineteenth Brigade, Colonel Hazen, commanding: Forty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, Sixth Kentucky Volunteers, Forty-sixth Indiana Volunteers, Forty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, and the Sixth Ohio Volunteers, attached to Hazen's.

Two brigades of Brigadier-General Crittenden were also assigned to my command, and I was directed to ask they be reunited in my division. General Crittenden is here, with one of his brigades, consisting of the Forty-second Indiana Volunteers, Forty-third Indiana Volunteers, Eleventh Kentucky Volunteers, Twenty-sixth Kentucky Volunteers, Colonel Jones, commanding. His other brigade is at Fort Donelson.

Immediately upon my arrival here four of these regiments, viz, Thirty-fourth, Forty-sixth, Forty-seventh Indiana, and the Forty-third Indiana, the first three from my division and the last one from Crittenden's, were ordered to Cairo.

I have the honor to request that these regiments be not taken from my division, but that, when the exigencies of the service will permit, they be sent back to me.

I have spent two months' hard labor getting the three regiments of mine that are at Cairo into condition, and now that I am moving into the presence of the enemy it is not pleasant to have them taken from me.

Very respectfully,

WM. NELSON,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-There are also attached to my division and with me here three batteries of artillery, under Major Race: Battery F, Firt Ohio Volunteers; Battery 10, Second Indiana Artillery; Battery 8, Second Indiana Artillery; also two companies of Indiana cavalry, commanded by Captain Klein.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 8. Fort Donelson, February 22, 1862.

Colonel M. D. Leggett, Seventy-eighth Ohio Volunteers, is appointed acting provost-marshal until a suitable person for the position can be designated, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly

