
division and Boyle's and Bruce's brigades. Thoms' division from Bardstown comes to Louisville by forced marches. He should be here in two days, and will embark at once and proceed up the Cumberland. This puts the entire fighting force en route for Nashville. I will complete the arrangements and orders for Thomas' division this morning, and with the staff and outfit for the field will join General Buell. He gives me no information with reference to the enemy.

The work on the railroad is not completed, and the general sent to Louisville to-day for material for Barren River bridge. I presume he intends to transfer his operations from the Louisville line to the line of the Cumberland, striking the latter near Nashville instead of at Clarksville.

Thomas should join by the river in six days, provided he moves more rapidly than heretofore.

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

LOUISVILLE, February 23, 1862-8 p. m.

Major-General MCCLELLAN,

Washington:

I have heard nothing from General Buell to-day.

The boats are coming in for Thomas' division. He will not be here until Tuesday. Have ordered him to embark Tuesday night. The staff, one company of cavalry, and two companies of Sixteenth United States Infantry move at 12 m. to-morrow on steamer Prioress; four companies of Eighteenth United States Infantry and two companies united States Cavalry move at 8 a. m. to-morrow on steamer Fitzhugh. Three field and one rifle siege battery, being in additional to the batteries of divisions, go on board to-morrow. All these will precede Thomas' division, and hope to join General Buell on the Cumberland near Nashville in forty hours.

Railroad rapiers between Cave City and Bowling Green progress slowly. It was promised a train should go to Barren River to-day; it cannot be done before Wednesday. Telegraph through to Bowling Green.

One regiment here en route to General Halleck, and another coming down between here and Cincinnati.

Captain Greene, assistant adjutant-general, with department records, remains in Louisville.

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

LOUISVILLE, February 23, 1862.

General HALLECK,

Saint Louis:

General Buell wants boats to transport a large division up the Cumberland River. Send all the large Ohio River boats from Cairo, Paducah, and Smithland to Louisville, so that they will reach here to-morrow night. Our large boats are all down the river, and we can't move till they come up.

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

42 R R-VOL VII

