
Since this report was made the remaining three companies of the Thirty-fourth Indiana and the remaining three companies of the Forty sixth Indiana have left the division for Cairo. Four regiments of this division have been detached for duty at Cairo.

The aggregate of infantry present with the division is now 5,947.

I have the honor to inclose a report of the ammunition, &amp;c., with the division.

This report does no include the ammunition train which went to Cairo on boat with troops and has not yet been to return. The circumstances are fully set forth in as accompanying letter.

I have the honor also to inclose lists of the officers under my command.*

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. NELSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Fort Donelson, February 24, 1862.

General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Missouri, Cairo, Ill.:

GENERAL: I closed I send you a dispatch from General Buell, sent through to Clarksville yesterday.+ As requested, the gunboats have gone up to Nashville. The mortar boats I am sending back to Cairo, because it would be with great difficulty they could be got to Nashville and could be of no service there. Yesterday a steamer was down from Nashville with quite a delegation of the citizens. Their ostensible object was to bring surgeons to attend their wounded at Clarksville-real object, probably, to have some assurance that their property would be protected. Johnston, with his army, has fallen back to Murfreesborough, first destroying all bridges, commissary stores, and such artillery as could not be carried along. The troops wanted to destroy the city, but were restrained by the citizens and a speech from Pillow.

I have just returned from Clarksville, where I arrived last evening some hours after the departure of the Nashville delegation and gunboat Cairo. General Nelson reported to-day with his division. I forward them immediately to Nashville, with verbal instructions, to have the men under wholesome restraint, and written instructions, a copy of which is herewith accompanying.

I have only sent four small regiments to Clarksville, and do not propose sending more until I know the pleasure of General halleck on the subject. A large garrison is not required.

General C. F. Smith is in command at Clarksville.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Fort Donelson, February 24, 1862.

General NELSON,

Commanding Division, Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: You will proceed with the division under your command to Nashville, Tenn., keeping in rear of the gunboat Carondelet with all your transports.

---------------

*No inclosures found.

+Not found.

---------------

