
Two gunboats to be left on the Cumberland, at Clarksville, to precede Nelson's division up the river to Nashville. Having done this, they will return to Cairo. Two gunboats in Tennessee River with General Grant. The latter will immediately have small garrisons detailed for Fort Donelson and Henry and all other forces made ready for the field.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

(Copy to General Grant from General Sherman.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 26, 1862.

Send to Paducah transports sufficient to move Grant's army up either the Cumberland or Tennessee. Accounts of Johnston's movements are very conflicting, and we must be ready for any contingency. As soon as we know positively where he is a movement will be made. Extend the railroad to Beertarnd and a wagon road to Sikesville [Sikeston]. General Pope was to occupy the latter place to-day.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 14. Fort Donelson, February 26, 1862.

General Orders, Numbers 3, of the series of 1861, from headquarters. Department of the Missouri, are still in force, and must be observed.

The number of citizens who are applying for permission to pass through the camps to look for their fugitive slaves proves the necessity of the order and its faithful observance. Such permits cannot be granted; therefore the great necessity of keeping out fugitives. Such slaves as were within the lines at the time of the compute of Fort Donelson and such as have been used by the enemy in building the fortifications, or in any way hostile to the Government, will not be released or permitted to return to their masters, but will be employed in the quartermaster's department, for the benefit of Government.

All officers and companies now keeping slaves so captured will immediately report them to the district quartermaster. Regimental commanders will be held accountable for all violations of this order within the respective commands.

By order of Brigadier General U. S. Grant, commanding:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., February 26, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Saint Louis:

I entered Nashville yesterday with a small force. It is insufficient, the enemy being only 30 miles distant, in greatly superior numbers; but I was compelled to it by the landing of a portion of the troops, contrary to my intentions. I have sent steamers to bring up the troops at

