
I am in daily expectation of orders that will require all my available force.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, February 28, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. MCCLELLAN:

By means of the steamers which were got above the broken lock on Green River a bridge has been established at Bowling Green, which will enable the troops to pass without detention, and we shall soon be here in force. McCook's division will begin to reach the Cumberland to-morrow. General Wood's division will be up as fast as we can cross them. Thomas' division, coming up the Cumberland, will, I think begin to arrive to-night. Our transportation is coming partly by land an partly by water. It will not get up as soon as the troops. Our outposts are some 10 miles out on the Murfreesborough road.

I have a report to-day that the enemy is retreating toward the Tennessee. I shall advance as soon as as we can move. In the mean time will determine the manner and direction. It is stated to me quite confidentially that Columbus is being evacuated and the enemy concentrating in the direction of Chattanooga, but I have no means of verifying it.

I have reason to hope that a great change will take place speedily in the attitude of the Tennesseeans, in both the manner of the military and political policy to be observed. As a matter of great importance and delicacy, I would advise you to use all the means you have to induce the President to pursue a lenient course, and as far as possible to reconstruct the machinery of the General Government out of material here, of which an abundance can be found that this truly loyal, though for some time overpowered and silenced.

Deference to the recommendations of the most reliable Union people here would be advisable.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 28, 1862-9 a. m.

Brigadier General D. C. BUELL,

Nashville:

Nelson's division and two gunboats were ordered up from Clarksville some days ago, and I think they must now be with you. I will immediately order another division. One gunboat should be sent back to escort it up the river. Columbus is not evacuated. It has been re-enforced. The are mounting more guns there and on island Numbers 10. I am now turning it by New Madrid. Yours of the 26th just received.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 28, 1862-9.30 a. m.

Major-General MCCLELLAN,

Washington:

I have just received the first dispatch from General Buell for a whole week. It was dated the 26th, saying that he occupied Nashville on the

