
SAINT LOUIS, March 1, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Fort Henry:

Transports will be sent to you as soon as possible to move your column up the Tennessee River. The main object of this expedition will be to destroy the railroad bridge over Bear Creek, near Eastport, Miss., and also the connections at Corinth, Jackson, and Umboldt. It is thought best that these objects be attempted in the order named. Strong detachments of cavalry and light artillery, supported by infantry, may by rapid movements reach these points from the river without very serious opposition. Avoid any general engagement with strong forces. It will be better to retreat than to risk a general battle. This should be strongly impressed upon the officers sent with the expedition from the river. General C. F. Smith, or some very discreet officer, should be selected for such command.

Having accomplished these objects, or such of them as may be practicable, you will return to Danville and move on Paris. Perhaps the troops sent to Jackson ad Humboldt can reach Paris as easily by land as to return to the transports. This must depend on the character of the roads and the position of the enemy. All telegraph line which can be reached must be cut.

The gunboats will accompany the transports for their protection. Any loyal Tennessee who desire it may be enslited and supplied with arms.

Competent officer should be left to command the garrisons of Forts Henry and Donelson in your absence. I have indicated in general terms the object of this.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 1, 1862.

Brigadier-General CULLUM,

Caior, Ill.:

Siege guns and mortars should be sent to Pope by best route. Who sent Smith's division to Nashville? I ordered them across to the Tennessee, where they are wanted immediately. Order them back. What is the reason that no one down there can obey my orders? Send all spare transports to General Grant up the Tennessee.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT WEST TENNESSEE,Fort Donelson, March 1, 1862.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have informed the general commanding department (generally through the chief of staff) every day since leaving Cairo of my wants, what information was obtained of the movements of the enemy, &amp;c. I will now recapitulate partly my wants. When I left Cairo, for the want of transportation it took two trips of the boats at hand to move the troops, leaving the cavalry to march, and leaving behind all the regimental train but four wagons to each regiment. A number of the regiments sent to re-enforce me came without wagons. Since getting into fort Donelson I have written to have the wagons left forwarded. None of them have as yet come-I think. As I have no quartermaster

