
ammunition shipped from Lebanon on the 4th of February last was received that day, I immediately orders from a forward movement to take place this morning. The Cumberland was not fordable, but boats had been prepared for crossing. Unfortunately rain commenced falling ont he evening of the 2nd instant and continued until this morning, causing such a rise in the river and streams between his and the Gap as to render the way impassable. The order for and advance was duly countermanded when it was found that the bridge over Clear Creek was covered and after a portion of one reigment had crossed the river. The road is now impassable for wagons between this and Flat Lick, as a portion of it is under water. Ever since our arrival here we have had daily to encounter difficulties, in roads washed away, bridges destroyed, and almost incessant rains. Never before have I seen roads in such a condition, and unless there comes a favorable change soon in the weather, it will be impossible to transport supplies to our force.

By information received from different sources, and which seems to be reliable, the rebels at the Gap have been re-enforced by a North Carolina regiment, Colonel Vance, a Georgia regiment, and one or two Mississippi regiments. If I had men enough to divide the force and send one portion across the mountains, at, say, Big Creek Gap, to take the enemy in rear, I think that we could capture the whole force, but our effective strength, taking out the guards, &amp;c., is about 3,300. I shall be resented separating them so far as not to be within supporting distance. If I can do no more, is hall endeavor to protect this portion of the State from any further inroads on the part of the rebels. Much of the time since we have been here men have been on short rations. No ammunition for the Tennessee rifles has arrived.

Respectfully your, &c.,

S. P. CARTER,

Acting Brigadier-General, Commanding Twelfth Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH BRIGADE,Camp Brawnlow, March 3, 1862.

Colonel C. A. MARSHALL,

Commanding Sixteenth Kentucky Volunteers:

DEAR SIR: In view of the extraordinary fickleness of the Big Sandy, I presume it has been impossible for you to move up this way, as may last order directed. The losses we have sustained require me to delay the forward movement for some time. You will therefore move a part or all of your command to Louisa, to guard that post from any depredations which may be threatened by marauding bands of rebels from the Virginia side, and hold yours fin readiness to move when the time is ripe. I send the paymaster on the first boat, and you will delay any movement till your troops are paid.

The acting assistant adjutant-general will communicate with you in person in reference to your movements. I have reason to hope that we may before very long be able to see a broader field of activity, and I hope I may be permitted to have your fine regiment with me.

Very respectfully,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

