
put them in the hands of some able and serviceable man who will bring them to the aid of the State. Volunteers requested to be at places of rendezvous by Monday next, or as soon thereafter as possible.

Generals Reuben Davis and J. L. acorn will command the troops thus raised.

JOHN J. PETTUS.

CLARKSVILLE, November 21, 1861.

General POLK:

A telegram at 10 p. m. from General Johnston changes my destination. I am ordered to take charge of Forts Henry and Donelson and the region around about. I am very sorry not to be with you.

LLOYD TILGHAN,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

CHATTANOOGA, November 21, 1861.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

General Carroll has gone on to Zollicoffer. Colonel Cook's regiment, partly armed, and the Seventh Alabama Regiment, are here. I have assumed command. Tories now quiet, but no convinced. Executions needed.

S. A. M. WOOD,

Colonel Seventh Alabama Regiment Volunteers.

RICHMOND, November 22, 1861.

Colonel WOOD,

Seventh Alabama Regiment, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Your dispatch received and also report. Have you reported to Colonel Leadbetter, according to orders? If so, your report should have been addressed to him for transmission to this Department. If not, you will report to him immediately by letter to Jonesborough.

J. S. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Bowling Green, November 22, 1861.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK,

Commanding First Division, Columbus, Ky.:

I am directed to inform you that 50 barrels of powder went forward yesterday to Memphis for Fort Pillow and 2 tons additional the day before to Columbus.

General Johnston has authorized the organization of a battalion at Grenada, Miss., of which Lieutenant Hardcastle will probably be elected the commander, and has ordered it to go to Memphis and report to you.

You will order the monthly payment of such guides as you retain in service by the Quartermaster's Department-Davis, the pay of captain; Faulkner, of lieutenant; and to the other men $45 per month.

44 R R-VOL VII

