
BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Kentucky Line, near Albany, November 24, 1861.

Lieutenant-Colonel MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Bowling Green, Ky.:

SIR: Colonel Stanton's reigment will probably camp at Monticello to-night; Colonel Murray's about 12 miles distant from monticello towards Albany. They have with hem five cavalry companies with which they are ordered to seize the ferry-boats at the crossings of the Chamberland. Captain Sheliha and Captain Estell, engineer officers, have accompanied the cavalry to make reconnaissances. The command with which I left Jacksborough camps here to-night, 8 miles from Albany, through which place we will pass to-morrow. My information is that ferry-boats are used on the Chamberland River at Bureksville; at Creelsborough,17 miles above Burkesville; at Rowena, 15 miles above Creelsborough; at Horse Shoe Bottom, 8 miles above Rowena; at Dorothea Landing, 16 miles (by land) above Horse Shoe Bottom; at mill Springs, 8 miles above Dorothea Landing; and at three ferries within 4 1/2 miles below the forks of the Chamberland; that is, one immediately below the fork, Stegall's Ferry, 1 1/2 miles below, and one just below Waisborough. I think the ferry at Horse Shoe Bottom is the one called Greene's Ferry, where it is rumored the enemy are probably concentrating.

The enemy have 1,300 men at Camp Goggin, on the north bank of the river, opposite Waitsborough. My information leads me to suppose that there are now no forces of the enemy on this side of the river. Captain Estell, who has made a rapid reconnaissance, reports six pieces of artillery at Camp Goggin.

I have no later information than that alluded to two days ago, of the 2,000 men at Campbellsville, the 1,200 at Columbia, and the regiment at Lebanon. North of the river is to us yet as a terra incognito. At Mill Springs and Dorothea Landing the southern bank is bluff and the northern flat and low. At Creelsborough and Rowena this is reversed. At Horse Shoe Bottom the north bank is higher than the south; is timbered; the south bank is cleared. At Rowena the same as to timber. At Creelsborough no timber on either side; same at Burkesville. At Mill Spring no timber between the height on this side and the river. This information Captain Shelina communicates, and he learns that the surrounding country is fertile and well stocked, and that there is a grist and a saw mill at Mill Springs. It is probable a good position may be found there for winter quarters.

We have the first snow-lakes for the season to-day; the watcher cold and stormy for the last two days.

I wrote to Major V. K. Stevenson, assistant quartermaster-general, at Nashville, on the 10th, for 500 axes, 300 shovels, 200 picks, and other trenching tools; also for 200 pack-saddles, which are often needed to fit up dashing movements in a mountainous country impassable to wagon trains; but have heard from neither. I do not know ho I can dispense with the tools, and fear I shall be seriously embarrassed for want of them.

Very respectfully,

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Brigadier-General.

