
of three rebel gunboats (names unknown), which were allowed to reach a distance of 4 1/2 miles from Fort Holt, when, deeming it imprudent to allow them to progress farther, the batteries were ordered to open upon them, the first shot being fired from Fort Holt, on the extreme right of the fortifications, for the purpose of drawing a fire from the enemy, in order to test the power of his artillery, which having been done, the 64-pounder, "Lady Grant," in battery on the extreme left, returned his fire, dropping the first shot within 200 yards in advance of the boat. The second boat returning our fire plainly showed the inadequacy of both guns and artillerists to cope with us at any shorter distance. The 64-pounders, commanded by Lieutenant Wood (McAllister's artillery), was managed with marked ability, although laboring under great disadvantages, the piece being only provided with ammunition for 32-pounders.

I am confident that had we been supplied with the ammunition adapted to the caliber of the gun we could have done much damage to the enemy before he could have retreated. To elevate to such an extent as would enable us to each him with a shot (there being no known rule to establish the angle), cause us in two instances to overshoot him, the shot from the gunboats always falling greatly short of us.

On the approach of these rebel craft a detachment from Captain Delano's cavalry, together with one company form the Twenty-eighth Illinois, were ordered to proceed, the former as far as Fort Jefferson, as a reconnoitering party, with instructions to report by messenger anything that would reveal the intentions of the enemy, and the later beyond that picket line, deployed as skirmishers, to guard against as unexpected attack in the rear of the fort, both of which have returned, assuring me to the entire absence of any armed force about or around the camp.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

JOHN COOK,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Brigade.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding District Southeast Missouri, Cairo, Ill.

DECEMBER 1-13, 1861. - Operations about Mill Springs and Somerset, Ky.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General Albin Schoepf, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. - Colonel Ferdinand Van Derveer, Thirty-fifth Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 3. - Brigadier General F. K. Zollicoffer, C. S. Army.

No. 1. Reports of Brigadier General Albin Schoepf, U. S. Army.

CAMP GOGGIN, December 2, 1861.

GENERAL: I arrived here yesterday, reconnoitered same day an to-day. This morning the enemy opened fire from three pieces, one rifled, and infantry on Colonel Hoskins' camp subsequent to my order for the removal of the camp some distance back.

The strength of the enemy is estimated, by the best accounts we can get, of the following numbers: At Mill Springs, 2,000 infantry and 1,000

