
instructions by letter, if possible, and require him to press forward any work you may decide upon as being necessary in addition to those already constructed at Fort Henry. I will have at least one more 32-pounder gun sent to Fort Donelson-if possible, two more. You will therefore prepare extensions of parapet sufficient for them by the time they can reach you.

You say nothing of the progress of Mr. T. J. Glenn, civil engineer, to whom I intrusted the placing of obstruction in the river under the guns of Fort Donelson. Please to supervise his progress and report to me, and have every aid given him that the garrison can afford. You will please report to me what propose to do additional at Fort Henry.

Your obedient servant,

J. F. GILMER,

Major, and Chief Engineer Western Department.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, C. A. KY.,Oakland, November 24, 1861.

Lieutenant D. G. WHITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have since my courier left received the following information of the enemy's movements int he direction of Elizabethtown:

His main body is still at Nolin. About 3,000, including infantry, artillery, and cavalry, are at Bacon Creek, under Rousseau. The railroad bridge across Bacon Creek has been rebuilt. The Yankees have there eight ferry-boats and a large quantity of bridge timbers. These they intend moving by railroad to Munfordville, with the view to cross part of their force int he boars and hold this bank of Green River while the bridge is being repaired. This information come sot me from P. H. Gardner whom I have had heretofore in my employ as a spy. He will bear this letter. He learned from an abolitionist direct from Rousseau's camp that the enemy's loss at Brownsville in the skirmish before reported was 8 killed and 7 or 8 wounded.

Very respectfully,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., November 25, 1861.

Hon J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

The military authorities in command at this post have determined to try the bridge-burners and other men charged with treason by a court-martial. What shall I do? Answer.

J. C. RAMSAY,

C. S. District Attorney for the District of Tennessee.

RICHMOND, November 25, 1861.

J. C. RAMSAY,

District Attorney, Knoxville:

I am very glad to hear of the action of the military authorities, and

