
towards the traitors in East Tennessee does not meet the approval of this Department.

You will be pleased to observe the following instructions:*

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

Your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

POUND GAP, November 25, 1861.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General C. S. A., Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I arrived at Colonel Williams' camp yesterday. I hear, from sources deemed reliable, that the enemy have fallen back, how far I do not know, nor do I know from what cause, but I think it probable they will occupy the State road from the mouth of Sandy to the country seat of Bath (Owingsville), and thence along the mountain's base, which is a considerable contraction of their circle. I have ordered my whole body of cavalry up from Clinch River, to which they had fallen back, and shall start them immediately to the front to ascertain the whereabouts of the enemy, and by their movements to inspirit our friends, who are said to be much dispirited by the insolent course of the enemy and their friends. Provisions are cheap on the other side of the mountains and forage in many places is abundant. I shall press forward cautiously, but sufficiently, I hope, to address myself successfully to the mountain people of Kentucky.

My infantry is all undrilled and very badly clad. I have sent my brigade quartermaster, Charles E. Marshall, to Richmond, to urge immediate supplies and to execute his bonds. I commend him to you as a gentleman of high business capacity and sterling integrity. He wants experience in army matters, and any assistance you can render him will be thankfully remembered by me.

I find that some misinformation has been given to you about the companies at Pound Gap destined to form a regiment for Colonel Moore. They were raised by order of General Zollicoffer, with a condition that they were to be kept in Scott and Wise Counties only to defend the mountain passes, and not to leave this State. They are under the command of Major Ward, who raised them at the instance of General Zollicoffer. They are unwilling to be placed in a regiment under Colonel Moore in any event, but especially refuse to be taken from their own officer or to change the term of their service from one special in its character to one which will be general. Colonel Moore has not moved any of his five companies from Abingdon yet. I think it highly probable he never will, and if he is not capable of responding more rapidly than he has done to my orders, it makes little difference if he never does. I have received your order to organize this battalion into a regiment, under Colonel Moore, but under the circumstances I deem it prudent to delay the execution of that order until you are possessed fully of all the facts of the case. Meanwhile the battalion will remain on duty subject to Major Ward. In any event, there will be required a reserve at this point to guard the pass and the line of supply, and these men will do very well for such service. I will cause them to build cabins and so arrange them as to fortify the gap, and it can be made a depot for supply to an army in front.

I have to urge you, general, to cause another battery to be sent forward

---------------

*These instructions were the same as those in Benjamin to Wood, of

same date p. 701.

---------------

