
cut off the enemy's supplies, and thus force him to surrender or come out from his defenses and give us battle at his disadvantage.

Although disappointed by the recall from their advance, I am happy to state that the officers and men under my command from first to last performed the duties incident to the expedition with ability, fidelity, and rare patience under the most trying circumstances, and whether the plan mentioned or that of a direct attack upon Columbus be adopted, they earnestly ask to be allowed to share in its execution.

Inclosed herewith you will find maps and drawings furnished by Lieutenant H. C. Freeman, detached as engineer of my command by Colonel Webster, chief engineer of this military district, which illustrate the route of our march, the forms and places of our encampments, and the relations of a number of important roads and towns.*

Your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District of Cairo.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Department of Missouri.

JANUARY 15-25, 1862.-Reconnaissance from Paducah, Ky., to Fort Henry, Tennessee.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Charles F. Smith, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Lloyd Tilghman, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Charles F. Smith, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Paducah, Ky., January 27, 1862.

SIR: On the 25th instant I briefly reported my return on that day. The distance from Callaway to Aurora is by water about 3 miles, by land 6. From the latter place to this it is 40 miles; a good road even at this period of the year, but destitute of water, except in the rainy season. We accomplished the march (46 miles) in three days, an average of 15 miles per day. This is the State road, but is not marked on any map I have seen. It is generally on a ridge of clay and gravel, and is called the Ridge road. Its course is nearly straight from Aurora to Paducah, at no point farther than 10 miles from the river.

My reports of the-and-instant** will give all the necessary information about the march, except on one point, outrages committed by the men in killing hogs and poultry; this, despite every precaution taken by myself and brigade and regimental commanders. Horses even were attempted to be carried off. Some men are in arrest for such offenses, whom I shall bring before a proper tribunal for trial. The reason for this is, in my belief, that the company officers have not done their duty. They will not see, if they do not in fact encourage, this misconduct.

The general will pardon me if I venture to make a suggestion in ref-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

