
purpose to burn the bridges been communicated to me, I should have felt bound in all honor and good conscience to have disclosed the fact to the chief officers of the roads; and if I were at liberty to bring out one issue of my paper I would state all these facts to the public more in detail and more nervous terms. I am willing and ready at any time to stand a trial upon these or any other points before any civil tribunal, but I protest against being turned over to an infuriated mob of armed men, filled with prejudices by my bitterest enemies.

This communication will be handed you by my friend Colonel Williams, who is favorably known to you.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. G. BROWNLOW.
HEADQUARTERS,Knoxville, November 28, 1861.

Rev. Dr. BROWNLOW:

SIR: It is my business here to afford protection to all citizens who are loyal to the Confederate States, and I shall use all the force at my command to that end. You may be fully assured that you will meet with no personal violence by returning to your home, and if you can establish what you say in your letter of the 22nd instant, you shall have every opportunity to do so before the civil tribunal, if necessary, provided you have committed no act that will make it necessary for the military law to take cognizance. I desire that every loyal citizen, regardless of former political opinions, shall be fully protected in all his rights and privileges, to accomplish which I shall bend all my energies, and have no doubt I shall be successful.

WM. H. CARROLL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Knoxville, November 29, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: I am just in receipt of yours of 25th. Your instructions shall be strictly obeyed. I have not heretofore released any against whom there was proof that they had been engaged in any rebellions movements. It was only those who were arrested upon mere suspicion that I permitted to take the oath of allegiance. I telegraphed you to-day that Judge Humphreys had issued writs of habeas corpus in the cases of several prisoners who are beyond doubt guilty of burning the railroad bridges, predicated, as I understand, upon the affidavits of Baxter and other lawyers. Your instructions are fully understood and I shall not allow any interference in their execution.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WM. H. CARROLL,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, No. 4. Knoxville, November 29, 1861.

The Government of the Confederate States has not nor will it interfere with individuals on account of their political opinions. The President

