
have appointed agents to purchase, and they are now engaged in procuring horses for the battery at Donelson-Captain Maney's.

If my views on the subject of what I deem necessary meet your approbation, I request the necessary instructions to the ordnance officer at Nashville be issued, and that the quartermaster handing you this (Captain Roberts, of the Fourteenth Tennessee) have his requisition for the funds necessary to carry out the object approved.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

LLOYD TILGHMAN,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army, Commanding, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Bowling Green, November 29, 1861.

Major J. F. GILMER,

Chief Engineer, Nashville:

General Johnston directs you to select a suitable point in the vicinity of Nashville for the assembling of the militia and volunteer force now arriving. He wishes it to be chosen in reference to the defense of the city, so that, should the army fall back from this point, the militia would be on the line of strength and at a point where they would resist the enemy without maneuvering.

I am further instructed to say that, having settled the point, you will notify it to Governor Harris, who will then be requested to assemble these forces upon it. Any strength you may be able to give to the position by field works should be done at once.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP BURNAM, November 30, 1861.

ALEX. CASSEDAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in pursuance of orders, at 4 p.m. 28th instant I took charge of my squadron, that had been ordered to proceed to Roan's, on Green River. When I found it, under command of Captain Allen, they had crossed with a portion of the command and gone into Butler County about 8 miles. They found at one house a Lincoln soldier, who was sick; took possession of an army overcoat and musket. He stated Colonel Hawkins was at Calhoun, with two infantry regiments and Colonel Jackson's regiment of cavalry; he had also two skeleton regiments; he did not intend to move until they were filled. He said there were a great many cases of measles in camp; that in Edmonson County, at a place called Blue Ruin, there was a camp of 300 or 400 men. Captain Allen did not arrest this man, because he was so unwell that he feared it would endanger his life.

About 15 cattle were crossed to Roan's that night. Late that evening I crossed Green River, with about 80 men, and proceed into the interior of Butler County about 12 miles; found nearly all of the men absent from home; women said they had gone to the Army. Found at some houses 20 women, who were staying together while their husbands were absent. Stopped at a house where there was a sick Lincoln soldier, who died that night. No men being in the neighborhood,

