
that my wishes will be complied with on that point. I shall require a stronger infantry force also on these points. I will communicate in detail so soon as I return to my headquarters, which for the present I shall make at Fort Donelson.

I would be glad to have the major-general commanding designate the number or style of my brigade, so that my orders and letters may bear some relation and proper designation.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

LLOYD TILGHMAN,

Brigadier-General, P. A. C. S., Commanding, &amp;c.
HDQRS. SECOND DIV., CENTRAL ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Bowling Green, Ky., December 2, 1861.

Colonel BIFFLE,

Commanding Tennessee Cavalry:

SIR: I am directed by General Buckner to give you the following instructions:

You will start with your command at dawn of day to-morrow and proceed in the direction of Glasgow. The object of your expedition is to learn definitely whether there are or have been any of the enemy's troops between Glasgow and Scottsville, or between Columbia and Edmonton, or in the neighboring country. It is reported that the enemy have been repairing the roads between the above places. You will be particular to ascertain the truth of this report. You will be governed by the information you receive on your route as to the best course to take to get full information as to the number, locality, and intentions of the enemy. Should you be able to send a courier to the neighborhood of Burkesville without great danger of his being captured, a citizen would be preferable. You will send full reports of the information you may acquire to General Zollicoffer. It is important that he should be fully informed. You will report by daily courier to these headquarters the progress and condition of your command and the information you may acquire. This daily report will be as full as possible.

When you shall have acquired definite and reliable information on these points you will return with your command to this place. You will spare no pains to prevent all lawlessness on the part of your troops, remembering that we can never win Kentucky to our cause by injuries to her people.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

G. B. COSBY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Jackson, Miss., December 2, 1861.

General A. SIDNEY JOHNSTON,

Bowling Green, Ky.:

SIR: Yours of the 21st ultimo to hand. I am now sending forward every twelve-months' troops that I can arm and calling for troops for less time with arms in their hands. I think I will be able to send you a considerable force. My reason for calling for troops for less time

