HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Bowling Green, December 4, 1861.

Brigadier-General ZOLLICOFFER,

Commanding:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of November 27 has been received and read by the general, as all heretofore received from you, with great satisfaction. Every move is entirely approved. He now suggests that the most essential route to be guarded on your front is that leading through Somerset and Monticello, as in his opinion more practicable for the enemy; but in this he defers to your better knowledge of the country.

He has directed the quartermaster at Nashville to send such stores as you require by steamer to Gainesborough at any time you may call on him, and notify to him your occupation of that point and such other places as will make the passage secure.

We have a battalion of cavalry at Glasgow observing the country to Columbia and to the right. Our information as to the enemy's force corresponds with your own-less, if anything.

In making your calls on the quartermaster and commissary at Nashville let your quartermaster sign them first and then countersign them yourself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, No. 127. Bowling Green [Ky.], December 4, 1861.

The command of the Central Army of Kentucky is devolved upon Major-General Hardee. The district of operations of this army will embrace all that portion of the State of Tennessee lying north of the Cumberland River and all that portion of Kentucky lying west of a line drawn due north from the point where the Cumberland River enters Tennessee on the east and north of the Cumberland River. Officers in command at any points in the district will report direct to General Johnston any sudden movement of the enemy, but all other business will be submitted to the major-general alone.

The major-general will appoint a competent person to examine and decide on the giving of passports, and to examine and report to him upon all persons apprehended on suspicion of aiding and assisting the enemy, under special instructions. He will prescribe the appropriate duties of the provost-marshal and require their performance.

By command of General Johnston:

W. W. MACKALL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

C. S. ENGINEER OFFICE,

Nashville, Tenn., December 4, 1861.

Lieutenant JOSEPH DIXON,

C. S. Army, Fort Henry, Tennessee River:

SIR: Your letter of the 1st instant has been received,* and I hasten to inform you that I will procure the picks, shovels, spades, axes, bars, &amp;c., you need for the entrenchments, if it be possible to do so; also the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

