
wheelbarrows, and have them forwarded to you at Fort Henry. I would much like to be able to meet you at Fort Henry and aid you in the location of the work or works for the high grounds on the opposite side of the river, but it is out of the question for me to go to the Tennessee now. You will please to exercise your best judgment in the location, bearing in mind that the object is to prevent our enemy from occupying ground dangerous to Fort Henry. Of course no guns designed for fire upon the river will be placed so high. Field guns will probably be sufficient for the armament, with proper provision for using the musket and rifle.

I much regret the interference of General Tilghman with the work trusted to Mr. Glenn. As he had been instructed not to interfere further with our operations, I will expect the agents I employ to execute my orders henceforth. I instructed Mr. Glenn to place the obstructions in the river at a distance of about 1,000 to 1,200 yards from the guns at Fort Donelson. I do not wish them farther away, else the command of them may not be perfect.

It has been decided to send the guns-the 32-pounders-at Clarskville to Donelson and Henry, two to each work. We hope to get other guns for each place at an early day. Please urge the mounting of the guns for commanding the river and have them in place as soon as possible.

I think the entrenchments for defense against a land attack important. It may be well to put a small redoubt for infantry fires on the high point just below Doneslon across the creek, to prevent the enemy from occupying it.

Charge Mr. Glenn to get large and heavy anchors for the trees he is placing in the river; I mean heavy stones or other convenient weights. Also, not to quit the work until it is most thoroughly done, if a month more be required. Do not let his operations be interfered with by calling off the steamboat for any other purpose.

Your obedient servant,

J. F. GILMER,

Major, and Chief Engineer Western Department.

C. S. ENGINEER OFFICE,

Nashville, December 4, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel W. W. MACKALL,

Adjutant-General, Bowling Green, Ky.:

SIR: Under General Johnston's instructions of the 29th ultimo, I have selected grounds in the city of Nashville for the assembling of a part of the volunteers and militia of the State of Tennessee now organizing. In my search for suitable grounds, reference being had to such a line as we can man a force to defend north of Edgefield, no one point sufficient in extent for encamping a large number of troops has been found. Hence several positions, with ready communications between, have been chosen, each furnishing space for two or three regiments. The first one selected is nearly due east from the center of the town of Edgefield and about 3 miles by a good road from the Chain Bridge over the Cumberland River. Near by is good spring of water. The second camp proposed is on the Gallatin turnpike, just before reaching the first toll-gate, distant from the Chain Bridge about 2 miles. Water supplied by a brook close at hand. A third position is on the White Creek road, where it ascends from the valley of the Cumberland River. Water furnished

