
with plenty of running water. Sixteen miles north and east of Murray is Eggner's Ferry, a fine position on the Tennessee River. No force coming up the Cumberland can cross to the Tennessee and fall in rear of Eggner's without building their road through a country of "ravines," "backbones," and "lime-sinks," unless they go up as high as Dover, on the Cumberland. There is a good road from Murray to Eggner's Ferry not laid down on Colton's map.

By reference to the maps it will be seen that by this disposition we will cover a great deal of the State now unprotected, and at the same time have a strong line of defense from the Mississippi to the Tennessee, covering successfully the left of the other division of the army. Whether it would be advisable to have General Tilghman's command move up to Eggner's Ferry and a brigade stationed at Murray must of course depend upon the disposable force. My position cannot be abandoned without opening the border of Weakley County, Tennessee, to Federal raids, even if it does not weaken Columbus by having the right and rear opened. I have passed through portions of the country alluded to and have endeavored to ascertain correctly all facts bearing upon the question of its occupation.

Very respectfully,

JNO. S. BOWEN,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Division.

P. S.-I have the honor to herewith inclose an extract from a Cincinnati paper of the 3rd.*

C. S. ENGINEER OFFICE,

Nashville, Tenn., December 6, 1861.

HUGH MCKREW,

Edq., Nashville, Tenn.:

SIR: I would impress on you the urgent necessity of procuring immediately laborers for constructing defenses in the vicinity of Nashville. As yet there have been but 7 reported for duty on Cockrill's Hill, and we need at least 300, as with less than that number the work cannot go on with that expedition desired and expected. I would therefore direct that you use every exertion, you having been authorized and appointed by the Governor of Tennessee, to procure forthwith all the laboring force possible to report at Cockrill's Hill Monday morning, December 9, 1861, or as soon thereafter as practicable. You will also direct that laborers living at great distances from the works (Cockrill's Hill) bring with them bed-clothing, eating and cooking utensils. You will direct those living near (Cockrill's Hill), whose masters and owners prefer their returning home at night, to bring their dinners, until preparations can be made for their eating at or near the work. We will want all and every laborer that can be had.

Your obedient servant,

G. O. WATTS,

Acting Assistant Engineer.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Hopkinsville, December 6, 1861.

D. V. WOOLEY,

Esq., Bowling Green:

DEAR SIR: I left Lexington some ten day since and am now en route to New Orleans. I left Louisville the night of the 28th ultimo.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

