
the crew, vessel, and cargo into his custody, to await instructions from me. I directed him to hold them under his charge until further orders. His letter, with an explanatory indorsement, was then transmitted to you, requesting your decision in the case. In that indorsement I stated that my permission had been solicited, some time previously to the arrival of the vessel, by the parties interested, to bring it up the Cumberland, but that I had refused to authorize the introduction of the vessel, and had referred them for authority to do so to the Department of War. There is much urgency for a decision of the case. On that account, and on the supposition of a miscarriage of Captain Lindsay's letter, I again respectfully submit the subject for your consideration and decision.

The enemy, from the best information I am able to obtain, have made no material change in the disposition of their forces in front or on either flank. Their advance in front is 6 miles north of Bacon Creek, near the Louisville Railroad; a large force at Nolin; and farther north, towards Louisville, they are massed in considerable force at different points convenient for concentrating them. I do not doubt that the Federal Government is augmenting their force in Kentucky in this direction to the extent of their ability.

The inclosed letter* will serve to show the disposition they are making of different army corps which have been elsewhere employed. As to the estimate of their forces, I suppose it is a gross exaggeration. With the addition of Nelson's and Rosecrans' columns, their force on this immediate line I believe ought not to be estimated over 65,000.

Our returns at this place show a force of between 18,000 and 19,000, of which about 5,000 are sick (about 3,600 at Nashville), and our effective force is under 13,000 men. The volunteers, I hear, are turning out well, but the time taken up in procuring arms has thus far prevented much accession to our force from that source.

I beg leave to remind you of your promise to place a secret-service fund at my disposition. There are now claims upon the Government unliquidated. I suggested that about $5,000 should be placed to my credit in one of the Nashville banks.

On the night of the 6th instant Captain Morgan, with his cavalry company, Helm's Kentucky regiment, Buckner's division, burned the railroad bridge over Bacon Creek (recently reconstructed by the enemy), 6 miles in advance of the enemy's advance force.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ky., December 8, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate STates of America:

Your letter of November 12,+ in reply to mine on the subject of my resignation of the appointment of major-general in the Confederate Army, has been received. I appreciate the confidence you have been pleased to express in me.

After carefully considering all of my responsibilities in the premisses and your deliberate judgment as to the necessities of the service, I have concluded to waive the pressing of my application for a release

---------------

*Not found.

+See Series I, Vol. IV, p.539.

---------------

