
justify the clemency of the Government. The whole country is given to understand that this course will be pursued until quiet shall be restored to these distracted counties, and they can rely upon it that no prisoner will be pardoned so long as any Union men shall remain in arms. Three other companies of Colonel Vance's command are on their way to Warrensburg, on the north side of Chucky, to remain there under similar instructions.

It is believed that we are making progress towards pacification. The Union men are taking the oath in pretty large numbers and arms are beginning to be brought in. Captain McClellan, of the Tennessee cavalry, stationed by me at Elizabethton, reports that Carter County is becoming very quiet, and that, with the aid of a company of infantry, he will enter Johnson County and disarm the people there. I shall send the company without delay.

The execution of the bridge-burners is producing the happiest effect. This, coupled with great kindness towards the inhabitants generally, inclines them to quietude. Insurgents will continue for yet a while in the mountains, but I trust that we have secured the outward obedience of the people.

Very respectfully, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

D. LEADBETTER,

Colonel, Commanding.

FORT PILLOW, December 8, 1861.

(Received, Columbus, December 8, 1861.)

Major-General POLK:

The C. S. floating battery passed at 8 o'clock a.m.

L. M. WALKER.

C. S. ENGINEER OFFICE,

Nashville, Tenn., December 9, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel W. W. MACKALL,

Adjutant-General, Western Department, Bowling Green, Ky.:

SIR: On the question of constructing a gunboat for the defense of the Cumberland River, as proposed by Messrs. Shaw & Lawson, and referred to me by indorsement on the letter of Governor Harris, Gov. Neil S. Brown, and General W. G. Harding, I have the honor to report as follows:

If it were practicable to build a gunboat of proper description in the Cumberland it would aid much in the defense of the river, but I much fear that a common steamboat cannot be converted into an efficient one. The boilers and machinery can be but partially protected from shot, and the large side-wheels, having diameters varying from 30 to 34 feet, not at all. One shot striking the partially-protected machinery or the shaft or the large wheels might render such a gunboat totally helpless and place her at the mercy of the enemy, with crew, armament, and supplies.

It is probable the hull of a well-built river boat (and such a one is now laid up at this city) can be made in a measure shot-proof to a line below the water surface by covering her with false timber sides and bulwarks clad with thick iron. Railroad or other bars would have to be used for the purpose, as there is not plate iron in the whole Confederacy

