
C. S. ENGINEER OFFICE, Nashville, Tenn., December 11, 1861.

His Excellency ISHAM G. HARRIS,

Governor of the State of Tennessee, Nashville:

SIR: The agents heretofore employed to procure a laboring force for building fortifications for defending the approaches to this city have failed to get any more than a few negroes; a number requite insignificant when compared with he works to be undertaken. With a hope that a large force of negroes may yet be obtained by an appeal to the citizens of the vicinity and neighboring counties, I have prepared the form for the call upon them, which I submit for your indorsement. Having your indorsement, I have thought it might be advisable to have a number of copies printed and placed in the hands of some officers, say sheriffs and constables, with instructions to apply to every citizen within reach, and urge the necessity of a prompt compliance with the call.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. GILMER,

Major, and Chief Engineer Western Department.

[Inclosure.]

C. S. ENGINEER OFFICE, Nashville, Tenn., December 11, 1861.

It has been decided by the general commanding the Western Department to fortify the approaches to the city of Nashville, the better to protect your capital and State against the contingency of invasion by our relentless enemy. To this end a call is now made upon all citizens to contribute a part of the labor which they control to aid in the erection of the necessary works. It is necessary that each negro sent from a distance be furnished by his master with blankets or other bed-clothing sufficient to make him comfortable; also with cooking and messing utensils. It is essential that the number be assembled with the least practicable delay at Cockrill's Hill and Foster's Hill, near and north of the town of Edgefield, on the Goodlettsville turnpike. The force employed will be lodged at night either in tents or frame thus in the vicinity of the work, and as a care more satisfactory to the owners may be secured to their hands by placing them under the charge of some person or persons known in the neighborhood or county from which the negroes are sent, it is desired that this plan, by agreement among the citizens, be adopted. If subsistence be furnished by the owner, $1 per day for each hand will be paid by the Confederate States; if supplies by the Government, then 70 cents per day. Nothing but a great necessity causes this additional call upon the patriotism of the citizens, and a prompt response will the better insure protection to your property and your homes.

By direction and authority of General A. S. Johnston, commanding the Western Department:

J. F. GILMER,

Major, and Chief Engineer Western Department.

JACKSON, MISS., December 11, 1861.

Major-General POLK:

I have ordered 3,000 troops to Union City. They need some tents

