
and ammunition and caps for shot-guns and rifles. Could you not order supply from Nashville?

JOHN J. PETTUS.

COLUMBUS, December 11, 1861.

Colonel W. W. MACKALL:

General Polk has assumed command, but under your instructions to give you information of the movements of the enemy I feel it my duty to say that my opinion is that the enemy are preparing to move up the Tennessee River in force. I think they will simply make a demonstration against this position to hold the force here. Will use their large water power to capture Fort Henry and pass up and take possession of Tennessee bridge and separate your command and General Polk's, and will then advance down that railroad on Memphis.

For a week their fortresses have been sealed, and their boats are running up the Ohio in the night-time alone. I may be wrong in my views, but such is my opinion of their purpose.

GID. J. PILLOW.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, C. A. KENTUCKY, December 11, 1861.

General HARDEE:

SIR: The following is a copy of part of a private letter written from Woodlawn on the 8th instant to a lady and handed to me. I transcribe it for the information of General Hardee:

* * * I think this one of the most important points now left open in the State. It is a point though which Tennessee might be invaded at the most dangerous point-Knoxville, the home of Brownlow &amp; Co. If such a thing should happen, the same scenes may be enacted there as are enacted in Western Virginia. The road by here on to Columbia, and the road down Mockeson and by Beebe's, leading to the same point, are the principal passway through which the tide flows form Tennessee to camp at Columbia and Campbellsville. They are passing daily, almost hourly. If this gap could be stooped it would check a host from joining the Lincoln Army. * * *

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,S. B. BUCKNER,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to General Johnston. The within goes to sustain the importance of occupying Columbia by our forces.

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL ARMY KENTUCKY, Bowling Green, December 11, 1861.

Colonel W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Western Department:

COLONEL: In view of the arrival of a regiment of infantry last night and the certainty of an additional re-enforcement of 3,000 or 6,000 men within a few days, I beg to submit for your consideration the following movements against the enemy:

General Hindman was at Horse Well last night, which is within one day's march of Woodsonville. He has with him 1,100 infantry, four pieces of artillery, and 500 cavalry. With this force he can keep the

