
Numbers 5.-Colonel John M. Harlan, Tenth Kentucky Infantry.

Numbers 6.-Lieutenant Colonel William C. Kise, Tenth Indiana Infantry.

Numbers 7.-Colonel Robert L. McCook, Ninth Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 8.-Colonel Horatio P. Van Cleve, Second Minnesota Infantry.

Numbers 9.-Lieutenant George H. Harries, Adjutant Ninth Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 10.-Colonel Samuel P. Carter, commanding Twelfth Brigade.

Numbers 11.-Colonel William A. Hoskins, Twelfth Kentucky Infantry.

Numbers 12.-Colonel Frank Wolford, First Kentucky Cavalry.

Numbers 13.-Captain William E. Standart, Battery B, First Ohio Light Artillery.

Numbers 14.-Captain Dennis Kenny, jr., Battery C, First Ohio Light Artillery.

Numbers 15.-Congratulatory orders from the President.

Numbers 16.-General A. Sidney Johnston, C. S. Army, commanding the Western Department.

Numbers 17.-Major General George B. Crittenden, C. S. Army, commanding division.

Numbers 18.-Brigadier General William H. Carroll, C. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 19.-Major Horace Rice, Twenty-ninth Tennessee Infantry (Confederate).

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Don Carlos Buell, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Ohio, with instructions to Brigadier-General Thomas, and congratulatory orders.

LOUISVILLE, January 20, 1862.

By telegraphic dispatches from the command of General G. H. Thomas, whom I had ordered to form a junction with General Schoepf at Somerset and attack Zollicoffer, I have information that General Thomas was attacked by Zollicoffer's forces at 6 o'clock yesterday morning, some 8 miles west of Somerset. He repulsed the enemy handsomely and drove him into his entrenchments at Mill Springs, capturing one piece of artillery and four caissons. The enemy left 200 killed and wounded on the field. Among the killed are Zollicoffer and Bailie Peyton. The difficulty of supplying even General Thomas' force in the present condition of the roads, and with our limited amount of transportation, is almost insurmountable. He has been on half rations for some days.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General McCLELLAN.

LOUISVILLE, January 22, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN,

Commanding U. S. Army

The following [dated 21st instant] just received from General Thomas

The rout of the enemy was complete. After succeeding in getting two pieces of artillery across the river and upwards of fifty wagons they were abandoned, with all the ammunition in depot at Mill Springs. They then threw away their arms and dispersed through the mountain by ways in direction of Monticello, but are so completely demoralized that I don't believe they will make a stand short of Tennessee. I will forward Schoepf's brigade to Monticello at once if you desire it. Monticello is one of the strongest positions on the borders of Tennessee. The property captured on this river is of great value, amounting to eight 6-pounders and two Parrott guns, with caissons filled with ammunition; about 100 four-horse wagons and upwards of 1,200 horses and mules; several boxes of arms, which have never been opened, and from 500 to 1,000 muskets, mostly flint-locks, but in good order; subsistence stores enough to serve the entire command for three days; also a large amount of hospital stores. As soon as I receive report of brigade commanders will furnish a detailed report of the battle. Our loss was 39 killed and 127 wounded. Among the wounded

