
ments for him, I directed one of my aides to reply to his note to the effect that, in view of all the facts, I could not interfere with the civil authorities so as to protect him from an investigation by them of charges made in their tribunals against him, which I clearly understood from himself and his friends he would not seek to avoid.

Of course, if the civil authorities release Mr. Brownlow, I shall proceed at once to give him a passport and sent him with an escort beyond our lines.

I remain, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

G. B. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, C. S. Army.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., December 13, 1861.

Major-General CRITTENDEN, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: In accordance with the verbal instructions communicated to you by the President, you will proceed to Kentucky and assume command of all the forces now commanded by General Zollicoffer, including Carroll's brigade and the different posts established by General Zollicoffer at Cumberland Gap and other mountain passes. You will report directly to General A. S. Johnston by letter. Unless otherwise ordered by General Johnston, your command will not include Eastern Tennessee, Colonel Leadbetter having been specially assigned by the President to the duty of maintaining the communications through that district of country, and ordered to assume the command of the troops necessary for guarding the line and dispersing the insurrectionists and bridge-burners; nor will your command include the forces under General Marshall, who has been ordered to report to General Johnston, unless this latter shall so direct.

If by chance you shall, however, be thrown into command in any part of East Tennessee, you will understand the policy of the Government to be to show no further clemency to rebels in arms. All actually engaged in bridge-burning should be tried summarily, and executed, if convicted, by military authority. All others captured with arms or proven to have taken up arms against the Government are to be sent to Tuscaloosa as prisoners of war. All such inhabitants as are known to have been in league with the traitors may be pardoned if they promptly deliver up their arms and take the oath of allegiance to this Government. In such event they are to be protected in their persons and property; otherwise they should be arrested wherever found and treated as prisoners of war, and especially should care be taken to allow none of them to remain armed. These are the instructions substantially that have ben given to Colonel Leadbetter, under which he has been acting.

Your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, Knoxville, Tenn., December 13, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Your order to me of the 10th instant to join General Zollicoffer immediately with all my armed force reached me last night. I imme-

