HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Bowling Green, Ky., December 16, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

SIR: Our force has been augmented to-day by the arrival of 2,000 sixty-days' men from Mississippi, under the command of General R. Davis, making our force about 15,500 effective men.

The enemy have rebuilt Bacon Creek Bridge, and their trains now come to Green River, where a large number of workmen are employed in rebuilding the railroad bridge.

Our pickets are pushed forward to the river. Hindman, with about 1,200 men, and Terry's cavalry are at Cave City, covering the collection of cattle and forage. The enemy in considerable force occupy the north bank of Green River, but show no disposition to cross yet. They will, I think, await the completion of the bridge. They are also concentrating at Greensburg and Columbia. Terry's scouts yesterday, near Munfordville, captured 3 men of the enemy's pickets, wounding 2 severely.

Governor Harris was here yesterday. He informed me that there are now organized in the vicinity of Nashville about seven regiments ready to take the field, but some delay will occur in arming them, on account of the condition of the arms which have been collected in the country. I will send him all the gunsmiths I can find in our ranks.

I desire to know if the Government will pay $8,000 per month for a continuation of leaders in two influential journals at Louisville opposing the emancipation of slaves. It is suggested that this arrangement may be accomplished. It may be worth the trial. Answer yes or no by telegram. I keep no copy of this.

With great respect, your obedient servant,A. S. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Columbus, Ky., December 16, 1861.

[General POLK?]:

GENERAL: In compliance with your instructions to report the knowledge I possess of troops lying in the country to our rear I report as follows:

Three companies of cavalry, commanded by Major Clinton, Grenada, Miss.; Captain Stock's company of cavalry, Paris, Tenn.; Captain Clay's company of cavalry, ordered by me to Union City, Tenn.; Captain Robertson's company of cavalry, in Brownsville; three thousand infantry at Grenada, Miss., reported to me as armed and equipped; several thousand in North Alabama. General Samuel D. Weakley, the mustering officer, appointed by myself and approved by General Johnston, or Colonel Foster, can give the force. His (Weakley's) address is Florence or Tuscumbia, Ala.

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

KNOXVILLE, December 16, 1861.

S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

General Zollicoffer is threatened by a much superior force in front and one nearly equal on his left flank. He has been ordered by me to

49 R R-VOL VII

