
The intelligence of the call was promptly communicated by the Governor to the Legislature, then in session, when that authority as promptly made an appropriation of $500,000 in money, and authorized the Governor, with the means provided, to call 10,000 volunteers to the field, bringing with them their own arms, their own blankets and cooking utensils, for a service of sixty days. The same act authorized the Governor to appoint generals to command the forces thus called out.

The military board of Mississippi, then sitting, ordered the troops to rendezvous at Grenada and at Corinth, Miss. Those rendezvousing at Corinth were placed by the Governor under the command of General Reuben Davis; those at Grenada under the command of the undersigned. I had organized three regiments, numbered by me First, Second, and Third, when I was ordered to report to you at Union City and subsequently at this place. I am now here in obedience to that order. I have with me the three regiments mentioned, the First under the command of Colonel Percy, the Second under command of Colonel Bartlett, and the Third under command of Colonel Rozell. I have, in addition, a company of mounted men, commanded by Captain C. McLawner; also two other companies of infantry; and expect the arrival within the next five days of volunteers in numbers sufficient to organize a fourth regiment of infantry.

My command is mostly armed with double-barrel sporting pieces of a good class. I have ammunition for two-thirds of the command, and expect soon to be supplied. Shall ask a small requisition of ammunition and a few tents from the Confederate Government, but ask it only as a loan, to be replaced within a few days. I shall endeavor to ask nothing of the Confederate Government but subsistence for my troops, hospitals for my sick, lumber to protect my men from the chilling earth, and the privilege of fighting as a Mississippi brigade with its general officer, who shall, with the command, be subject alone to the orders of the major-general commanding. I have a brigade quartermaster (Captain R. W. T. Daniel), who will make requisitions, signed by myself, for the wants of the command, and endeavor so to keep his accounts as to avoid complication. The troops will be paid by the State of Mississippi, the accounts being left for future adjustment between the Confederate Government and the State.

I have on hand a supply of subsistence stores, which, with your permission, I will order turned over to the Confederate Government, and draw my supplies as other troops. My brigade surgeon, Major Compton, is well supplied with drugs, but should he require any requisitions of the medical director of this post we will account for the same.

I refer you to the certified report of my adjutant, Major J. N. Davis (now being prepared), for the strength of my command, its officers, &amp;c.

Awaiting your orders, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. ALCORN,

Brigadier-General, Army of Mississippi.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, December 22, 1861.

General A. SIDNEY JOHNSTON, Bowling Green, Ky.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your letters of the 4th, 8th, and 16th instant.

1st. In relation to the horses of the artillery company of Captain

