
this state of affairs, and I respectfully entreat that the necessary funds to pay this army be at once forwarded or placed to my credit at the earliest practicable moment.

L. POLK.

COLUMBUS, December 24, 1861.

General JOHNSTON:

Do you still want support? Answer.

L. POLK.

[DECEMBER 24, 1861.]

[LEONIDAS POLK:]

Yes. Ten thousand or more, if possible, without delay of a day.

[A. S. JOHNSTON.]

COLUMBUS, December 24, 1861.

General JOHNSTON:

I have resolved to send you Bowen's command of infantry, about 5,000 strong, and have to-day issued orders to him to move at once. He will divide his force into two parts; one-half will go by wagons to Paris, the other half via Union City and Humboldt. I retain his cavalry and two batteries of artillery, and will replace his forces at Feliciana by four regiments sixty-days' men from Mississippi.

I keep the cavalry and artillery because I suppose you do not want them.

L. POLK.

BOWLING GREEN, December 24, 1861.

General POLK, Columbus:

Order the troops to this place. Send the troops first; send the wagon transportation as soon as possible after them. If you can spare artillery, send it.

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, December 24, 1861.

Major General G. B. CRITTENDEN, Knoxville:

SIR: Your letter of 20th instant has been received. You are authorized to organize into a battalion the seven companies of cavalry mentioned in your letter, and you are requested to have the muster rolls forwarded to this Department, and to recommend proper officers for lieutenant-colonel and major of the battalion, and to attach it to your command. You are further authorized to receive and muster into the Confederate service all the troops that are tendered in East Tennessee for the war, as well as all twelve-months' men that furnish their own arms. You are requested to advise the Department of all troops received and to forward muster rolls as fast as possible, taking care to receive into the service no unarmed twelve-months' volunteers.

Your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

