
cavalry; at Captain West's farm, distant from Mill Springs 2 miles, 1,000 infantry; at Steubenville, 2 miles distant from West's, 2,000 infantry; and at Monticello, 5 miles from Steubenville, 3,000 infantry. Mill Springs is distant from this point 12 miles, at which place they can cross the Cumberland with facility, and 2 miles below that point they can also cross.

Apprehending the probability of their crossing at Mill Springs, I detailed two companies of cavalry to that place. I deem the position east of me safe, but west of me they may cross.

The river is high and not fordable, but by means of flats they can cross anywhere; the troops under my command are not sufficient to keep the river guarded as far as Mill Springs. Should they cross in the vicinity of my camp I can defend my position. The Thirty-eighth Ohio will be with me to day. The Seventeenth will occupy a position on Fishing Creek, to defend against a flank movement should the enemy cross.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General.

General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Eastern Division.

P. S. - The enemy have moved their artillery and opened fire again. I have hardly time to write.

CAMP GOGGIN, December 3, 1861.

GENERAL: The enemy, after keeping up a brisk fire until 1 p. m., retired and took up march towards Mill Springs. I ordered Colonel Connell's Seventeenth Ohio Regiment from Somerset to that point; also three pieces of artillery and one company of cavalry. Should the enemy make an attempt to cross, we could be able to keep them in check.

Twenty reliabel Union men crossed the river yesterday evening, and gave me information that Zollicoffer commands in person, and is at Mill Springs, with eight regiments of infantry, three of cavalry, and eight pieces of artillery.

My troops can be provided with beef and fresh pork; therefore I would suggest that only small stores and bread should be sent.

Captain Prime arrived here to-day. We will go to work as soon as the tools arrive.

Very respectfully, you obedient servant,

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General.

General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Eastern Division.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST KENTUCKY BRIGADE,Somerset, December 8, 1861.

GENERAL: We met the enemy's scouts this evening about 3 miles to the west of the village; the collision took place between the Thirty-fifth Ohio and the enemy's cavalry. Our loss was 1 killed and 1 wounded; the enemy's, 1 officer killed and 3 men wounded. We captured 1 horse and killed 5. The cavalry under my command, as usual, behaved badly. They are a nuisance, and the sooner they are disbanded the better. They are scouring the country on their own account, lounging about

