
and I do not know whether it is to be considered under my command or not.

In addition to the forces mentioned there are seven independent companies (mounted), which have been serving in East Tennessee, collecting arms, suppressing insurrections, &amp;c. I have ordered them all to Knoxville (considering them under my command) for the purpose of their more complete organization, and have written to that effect to the Adjutant-General, it being my opinion that under existing circumstances the President has the power on their organization into a battalion to appoint the field officers.

In conclusion this report excludes General Zollicoffer's immediate command. As soon as possible after my arrival in Kentucky I will furnish a full and detailed account of my entire command.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. B. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Bowling Green, December 29, 1861.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK, Columbus:

If in your opinion you can now spare more troops than you have ordered, they will be very useful if only sent as far as Clarksville.

Report says the transportation for Bowen, Campbell, and Reynolds has been detained. Transportation is limited here, an d the wagons transportation should be sent here as soon as possible.

By order of General Johnston:

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BOWLING GREEN, KY., December 29, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States of America:

SIR: The suggestions contained in the inclosed letter of the Honorable William Preston are in my opinion eminently wise, and I urged him to communicate them to Your Excellency, with the hope that you would concur and issue a proclamation, which must spread dismay among the troops of various States now arrayed against us in the State of Kentucky.

With great regard, I remain, your obedient servant,

GEORGE W. JOHNSON.

[Inclosure.]

BOWLING GREEN, KY., December 28, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States of America:

SIR: Recent events in Congress show that the extreme Republican party will force the administration to confiscate or enfranchise the slaves, and that New England will compel the Government to adopt her policy or abandon the war. Since the report of Mr. Cameron and the message of Mr. Lincoln great discontents have been manifested among the Union men in Kentucky. The Louisville Journal, the Dem-

51 R R-VOL VII

