
which have been invented by his enemies. He has not since the date of the letter to General Zollicoffer, before referred to, done sight inconsistent with the pledge it contains. He has not furnished guns to men in arms against the Confederate States, as h as been untruly charged by some of the newspapers in the country. He had no knowledge of the project to burn the bridges whatever, and here declares that had such a design been communicated to him he would at once have given information of it to the proper parties. In a word, he has done nothing which malice itself could strain into a crime against the laws of Tennessee or of the Confederate States. Nevertheless he did, for the reason before stated, secrete himself where he believe he was perfectly secure from discovery. While he was thus safely concealed he was informed that John Baxter, esq., who was on a visit to the city of Richmond, applied to the War Department for permission to the undersigned to leave the territory of the Confederate States.

He is informed further that, after an interview with Your Excellency and the Secretary of War, a letter was written by the latter to Major General George B. Crittenden, a correct copy of which is submitted herewith, marked A, and thereupon General Crittenden directed a letter to be sent to the undersigned, a correct copy of which, marked B, accompanies this statement. The undersigned, relying upon the promise of a passport into Kentucky and the protection of a military escort which it contains, and trusting to the good faith of Your Excellency, the Secretary of War, and General Crittenden, immediately upon its reception left his place of concealment, returned to Knoxville, and within the time appointed called at headquarters, and obtained a renewal of the promise of the passport and escort. This occurred on the afternoon of the 5th instant. The morning of the 7th was fixed upon for the departure of the undersigned from Knoxville. Before that time arrived he was arrested upon a warrant for treason, issued by R. B. Reynolds, commissioner, &amp;c., a correct copy of which, marked C, is herewith submitted, and, bail and an examination having been refused, was confined in the common jail of the country.

The undersigned has been always opposed in politics to Your Excellency; has resisted with is whole strength the revolution which Your Excellency; has resisted with his whole strength the revolution which Your Excellency is now conducting, but at no time has political prejudice or party feeling caused him to believe that you will sanction what he is compelled to denounce as a gross breach of faith. He has not permitted himself to believe that you would direct the military authorities to make a promise, and after that promise had been accepted and acted upon would permit another set of authorities to violate it. He appeals to you as the executive of a Government representing twelve millions of people to protect the honor of that Government against so foul a stain. This application is the last resource left to the undersigned. Immediately after his arrest he addressed the note marked D to general Crittenden, and received in reply the note marked E.

It is unnecessary to add that the warrant issued by the commissioner contains no charge of treason. The publication of a newspaper, however objectionable its matter might be, cannot amount to treason. The undersigned has therefore no reason to fear the result of a judicial investigation of his conduct; but bail, though offered for any amount, has been refused him. He has been subjected to close confinement in an uncomfortable jail while in weak health, and, in fact, suffering from hemorrhage of the lungs. Until very recently he has intended to continue a citizen of the Confederate States, but the events of the last three weeks have convinced him that the laws can afford no protection to

