
most proper person. In this representation and recommendation the Governor concurs and in the recommendation I also concur, and hope it will receive attention.

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ky., December 30, 1861.

General JOHNSTON,

C. S. Army, Bowling Green:

GENERAL: I have sent forward to you all of the infantry of Colonel Bowen's command, as also Colonel Reynolds' regiment. I also ordered Colonel Campbell's regiment to go forward, but find he is very deficient in arms, and am waiting a day or two to see if he cannot be supplied. He will be sent if you desire it. I have also ordered Hudson's battery, a very fine one. This has gone forward. I also ordered to-day Beltzhoover's (Watson*) to follow. These I supposed-for it has been very difficult to get accurate returns-would make the force about 5,000. I wish I could make it 10,000. I shall be obliged in consequence of this movement to break up Camp Beauregard, and remove the Mississippi sixty-day troops from there to Union City. I shall substitute for this force a cavalry force on the Tennessee and Kentucky lines as the best and only thing left me. They will guard that line and operate freely in both Kentucky and Tennessee, and will keep down the Union feeling in both States.

I am informed by the gentleman who takes this, and an officer of his army, that General McCulloch's force in Arkansas is 10,000 strong, and is in winter quarters. It is certain now that no movement will be made by the enemy in Southwestern Missouri until spring. I beg leave respectfully to submit that in that case this force might with great, very great, advantage be employed in Southeastern Missouri during the emergency, immediately before us, and therefore ask that it may be ordered to the defense of New Madrid and the region round about. Those forces there have all disbanded, and I have no reason to hope that they can again be enlisted of New Madrid, and my resources for to provide force for the defense of New Madrid, and my resources for that purpose are very limited. I have had a fort constructed there, and armed it strongly with heavy guns. I have placed for its defense two Arkansas regiments, under Colonel Gantt, one of these imperfectly armed, but I should [prefer] that side of the river have a much stronger force, and I know not where it is to come from, if not from General McCulloch's force.

I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP DESHA,Moscow, Ky., December 30, 1861-4 a.m.

Major-General POLK,

C. S. Army, Commanding, Columbus, Ky.:

GENERAL: I have this moment received the following note from General Alcorn:

SIR: I have information that the enemy are advancing on this post and are now 5

---------------

*The Watson Battery.

---------------

