
first, and Thirty-eighth Ohio. His entire brigade entered with the other troops.

On reaching the entrenchments we found the enemy had abandoned everything and retired during the night. Twelve pieces of artillery with their caissons packed with ammunition; one battery wagon and two forges; a large amount of ammunition; a large number of small-arms, mostly the old flint-lock muskets; 150 or 160 wagons, and upwards of 1,000 horses and mules; a large amount of commissary stores, entrenching tools, and camp and garrison equipage, fell into our hands. A correct list of all the captured property will be forwarded as soon as it can be made up and the property secured.

The steam and ferry boats having been burned by the enemy in their retreat, it was found impossible to cross the river and pursue them; besides, their command was completely demoralized, and retreated with great haste and in all directions, making their capture in any numbers quite doubtful if pursued. There is no doubt but what the moral effect produced by their complete dispersion will have a more decided effect in re-establishing Union sentiments than though they had been captured.

It affords me much pleasure to be able to testify to the uniform steadiness and good conduct of both officers and men during the battle, and I respectfully refer to the accompanying reports of the different commanders for the names of those officers and men whose good conduct was particularly noticed by them.

I regret to have to report that Colonel R. L. McCook, commanding the Third Brigade, and his aide, Lieutenant A. S. Burt, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, were both severely wounded in the first advance of the Ninth Ohio Regiment, but continued on duty until the return of the brigade to camp at Logan's Cross-Roads.

Colonel S. S. Fry, Fourth Kentucky, was slightly wounded whilst his regiment was gallantly resisting the advance of the enemy, during which time General Zollicoffer fell from a shot from his (Colonel Fry's) pistol, which no doubt contributed materially to the discomfiture of the enemy.

Captain G. E. Flynt, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Alvan C. Gillem, division quartermaster; Lieutenant Joseph C. Breckinridge, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant S. E. Jones, acting assistant quartermaster; Mr. J. W. Scully quartermaster's clerk; Privates Samuel Letcher, Twenty-first Regiment Kentucky Volunteers; Stitch, Fourth Regiment Kentucky Volunteers, rendered me valuable assistance in carrying orders and conducting the troops to their different positions.

Captain George S. Roper deserves great credit for his perseverance and energy in forwarding commissary stores as far as the hill where our forces bivouacked.

In addition to the duties of guarding the camp, Lieutenant Colonel K. A. Hunton, commanding the Michigan Engineers, and Captain Greenwood, Company A, Thirty-eighth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, with their commands, performed very efficient service in collecting and burying the dead on both sides and in moving the wounded to the hospitals near the battle-field.

A number of flags were taken on the field of battle and in the entrenchments. They will be forwarded to headquarters as soon as collected together.

The enemy's loss, as far as known, is as follows: Brigadier-General Zollicoffer, Lieutenant Bailie Peyton, and 190 officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates, killed; Lieutenant Colonel M. B. Carter, Twentieth Tennessee; Lieutenant J. W. Allen, Fifteenth Mississippi; Lieutenant Allen Morse,

6 R R-VOL VII

