
The negro force (500) will be here in a few days. I have had no instructions on this point, and desire to know fully the views of the general commanding. I have conversed with Major Gilmer once on the subject, but deem it prudent to ask for further instructions.

I will present to the general commanding division a statement of advantages to arise to the Government from the covering of the immense rolling-mills owned by Hillman &amp; Bro., below this place. These mills have become an absolute necessity to the whole country. I hope he may find it practicable to protect it, and shall examine the river just below the mills with a view to this object and report.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

LLOYD TILGHMAN,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army, Commanding.

BOWLING GREEN, January 2, 1862.

Major A. J. SMITH, Post Quartermaster, &c.:

DEAR SIR: I will leave Bowling Green to-morrow, to be absent on indispensable business for a few days.

Before going, I take occasion to represent to you the present demands for transportation on the roads now in my charge, their capacity, and to make suggestions as to their future workings, which are respectfully commended to your careful consideration, and through you, if necessary, to General Johnston.

We have in running order ten engines, all of which are of limited or ordinary capacity, only four of which are new and reliable for continuous service. These four are the property of the Memphis, Clarksville and Louisville Railroad.

We have in all, box cars, 120; flat cars, 55; total number of cars, 175. These cars include all owned by the Louisville and Nashville, Memphis Branch, and Memphis, Clarksville and Louisville Roads.

The whole length of road operated by this machinery, including the road north of Bowling Green up to Glasgow Junction, is 225 miles.

The ordinary quorum of equipment for such a length of railroad would be, engines, 22; car, 300. Deficit in engines, 10; deficit in cars, 125.

Within ten days we depend on having three more engines ready for service, but then we will need seven more.

The equipment we have will afford one train daily northward from Bowling Green, capable of moving ten car loads of corn, &c.; one freight train daily, each way, between Nashville and Bowling Green, carrying thirteen cars each way; one freight train daily between Paris and Bowling Green with twelve cars; one passenger train each way on the main steam and Memphis Branch. This is the maximum capacity of the roads. Should there be any extraordinary demand upon both stems at the same time, both will require help from other roads. If made on one stem, the regular business of the other must stop to meet it.

The present demand is, as I now understand, for the army alone, from Paris, 800,000 pounds; from Clarksville, 1,000,000 pounds; from Nashville, 1,500,000 pounds.

In addition to the above, at every station there is a large accumulation of freight, consisting of hogs, corn, flour, &c. The passenger travel is also large. In addition to all, troops move in great numbers. In a word, the entire road is crowded with business to an extent unprecedented in the history of any branch of it.

I suggest that the superintendent may be allowed to establish a sched-

