
ule best adapted for the speedy, safe, and certain final accomplishment of all work, and that the public shall be notified that this schedule shall remain undisturbed, save under the requisition of some one officer of the army, or that a requisition shall be made upon other roads for the amount of machinery required to meet the business.

Should this course be adopted, the funds now in hands, the earnings of the main stem and branch, will pay a large proportion of the value of machinery required, and perhaps the Memphis, Clarksville and Louisville Railroad Company would make an advance sufficient to pay the balance. This property might-would largely increase the earnings of the road, and at the same time meet the difficulties before us. I know of no remedy better than the last suggested, but without this the first plan suggested is the only one under which I can promise to do justice to the army, the stockholders, or myself.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

G. B. FLEECE,

Superintendent.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., January 3, 1862.

Captain G. H. MONSARRAT, Knoxville, Tenn.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 29th ultimo, the Secretary of War directs me to say that Brownlow is to be escorted out of the country by a military force sufficient to protect him from violence, in accordance with the pledge given by General Crittenden.

In relation to the abuses mentioned, the Secretary expects you to be vigilant and energetic in suppressing them. Colonel Leadbetter, who commands on the line of the railroad and the adjacent country, will give you particular instructions.

Respectfully,

A. T. BLEDSOE,

Chief Bureau of War.

BOWLING GREEN, KY., January 4, 1862.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK, Columbus, Ky.:

SIR: Your letter in relation to the Branch Bank of Kentucky, in which you say that you hold possession under seal of the assent of said bank, and ask me to indicate the manner in which you shall proceed to turn the same over to the civil authorities of Kentucky, was delivered to me by Mr. Owens, the cashier.

The Provisional Government have some time since directed me to take possession of all the banks within our lines, with the intention to hold the assets for future disposition by the Government, as justice to all parties might demand. I wish you to continue your possession in our name until I write you. If the president, directors, and cashier will enter into such legal and moral obligation to me as will insure through them the continued safe possession of the assent, I will place the bank in their control; otherwise not.

With great respect,

GEORGE W. JOHNSON.

P. S.-SIR: Since writing the within I have come to a conclusion with Mr. Owens, the basis of which will be shown you by him. Mr.

