
eral A. S. Johnston. This renders unnecessary any response to your communications to the President and myself relative to the aid required from the troops now in Arkansas.

I am, yours, very respectfully,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., January 16, 1862.

General W. C. WHITTHORNE, Nashville, Tenn.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of 8th instant. You are right in supposing that I was aware of the facts in relation to the regiment of Colonel Gillespie when I ordered it to be disbanded, and I am gratified that you retained the order without execution till you could hear from me. I thought the regiment was one raised by Colonel Gillespie and tendered directly to the Confederate States, and my orders had been so explicit and unconditional that he could receive no unarmed twelve-months' men, that I at once directed it to be disbanded. If I had been aware that it was raised by Governor Harris, and that he had undertaken to arm it within a reasonable time, I should certainly have been satisfied with his assurance, and would never have been guilty of the discourtesy of evincing any doubt of his intention to arm the regiment by requiring that the army should be given in advance. Pray present this apology to Governor Harris, and tell him that if he knew the incessant and ingenious attempts to force by indirection the acceptance of twelve-months' unarmed men against the steady refusal of the Department, he would not be surprised at any effort to repress promptly such disingenuous practices.

I am, respectfully,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

FORT DONELSON, January 16, 1862.

Major WILLIAMSON:

The following telegram received:

Colonel QUARLES, Commanding at Clarksville.

Information has just reached me, from a source that I consider reliable, that the enemy at Calhoun intend to move most of its force to the Ohio; thence by boat up the Cumberland to Canton; thence on you at Donelson, and General Clark at Hopkinsville. The force to move from Calhoun to be 12,000 strong. The movement to be made from Calhoun on Saturday next.

This information is from a wealthy gentleman who lives near Trenton, Ky., and who at his own expense keeps up a system of espionage on the enemy at Calhoun. He sends me word by his courier that he is communication with an officer of high rank in the enemy's camp at that place.

POWHATAN ELLIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT DONELSON, January 16, 1862.

Brigadier-General TILGHMAN, Fort Henry:

DEAR SIR: All orders have been promptly obeyed. There was no delay that I am advised of in executing order in regard to ammunition. All things are ready. I have thrown out pickets below; have had

