
graphed Governor Harris, asking him, if possible, to send two unarmed companies to assist in working heavy guns; have also instructed Major Jones to telegraph for tarpaulins to cover ammunition. No indications of approach of the enemy as yet. All of the guns mounted, and plenty of ammunition for all, with the exception of the shells alluded to above. Ten days' provisions and forage will be sent into camp to-morrow. Captain Dixon and Colonel Head both report that every preparation to meet an attack has progressed favorably to-day. The military board promised Dr. Maxwell the male college as a hospital for our sick, but to-night they telegraph that Dr. Lyles insists upon taking it for sick that he expected from Hopkinsville. I have telegraphed the facts in the case to Colonel Mackall and asked him to instruct the military board what to do. The sick left here this morning on the General Anderson. I instructed Major Jones to telegraph Major Stevenson for the horses and mules due on his requisition of December 24 and for three ambulances and thirty litters.

Very respectfully,

POWHATAN ELLIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOSCOW, January 17, 1862.

Major-General POLK:

My night scouts have just returned from Clinton and report 15,000 of the enemy at Milburn, and they are waiting for others to come up.

T. H. LOGWOOD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

CAMP DESHA, Moscow, January 17, 1862-6 p.m.

Major-General POLK:

The bridge on Obion, between Clinton and Milburn, was destroyed last night. I took my command to that point; learned the enemy had left Milburn going east, whether to Camp Beauregard or to Paducah I could not learn, but think the latter. All safe here. Other scouts will report to you to-night.

J. H. MILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

BOWLING GREEN, KY., January 17, 1862.

General CLARK, Hopkinsville:

Dispatches for you sent this morning. In no event allow the enemy to anticipate you at Clarksville. Make arrangements accordingly. Confidential.

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.

COLUMBUS, KY., January 17, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:

I have in my camp a regiment without a gun. I understand that a

