
about 10 miles from the rebel camp, on Cumberland River, at 1 o'clock on that day. I immediately placed a strong picket, consisting of two companies belonging to the Tenth Indiana Regiment and a section of artillery of Captain Kenny's battery, under Lieutenant Gary, 2 miles out on the road leading to the enemy's fortifications. About 2 o'clock on the morning of the 18th a few of the enemy's cavalry approached and fired upon our pickets, which was returned by them, and the enemy fell back.

On the evening of the 18th instant, I directed Lieutenant-Colonel Kise to send out two companies as pickets on the road to the camp of the enemy, which he accordingly did. About daylight on the morning of the 19th instant the advance guard of the enemy came in sight of our extreme pickets and opened a fire upon them. The fire was returned by the pickets, who immediately afterwards fell back to their companies. The picket companies having rallied, held the enemy in check until a courier arrived at my quarters with information that the enemy were advancing with a very large force. I caused the long roll to be beaten. The Tenth Indiana Regiment was quickly formed, and I ordered them to the support of the picket companies. I also ordered Captain Kenny's and Captain Standart's batteries to be got in position to meet the advancing enemy. On the arrival of the Tenth Indiana Regiment to the support of the pickets they immediately engaged three regiments of the enemy, numbering about 2,500 men, and held their whole force in check for over one hour.

As soon as I got the Tenth Indiana Regiment in position I proceeded to the camp of the Fourth Kentucky Regiment, which was about three-quarters of a mile from my camp. I woke up Colonel Fry, and ordered him to form his regiment and proceed toward the enemy. I then went to your quarters, and informed you that the enemy was advancing upon us in force. I immediately returned to the field, and found Colonel Fry, with about 300 men, in the road leading to my camp. I directed him to push forward with his regiment without any further delay and take position in the woods on the left of the Tenth Indiana, which he did, arriving three about one hour after the commencement of the battle, where his regiment did excellent service. I now gave orders to Captain Standart, of the artillery, to throw some shells over the heads of our men to the place where I knew the enemy to be, which he did with admirable effect.

I now discovered that the enemy was bringing other forces into action, extending their lines, and attempting to outflank us upon the right. Seeing that no time was to be lost, I straightway ordered Colonel Byrd's Tennessee Regiment to take position on the right of the Tenth Indiana Regiment, which order was about being executed, and the regiment was moving in the direction indicated, when they received an order from General Carter, commanding them to go and take position on the Somerset road, to meet any portion of the enemy that might attempt to flank us in that direction. When I saw the Tennessee regiment leaving the field I immediately informed you of the fact, when you directed me to order up Colonel McCook's Ninth Ohio and Second Minnesota Regiments to take position on the right, which order I communicated to Colonel McCook, who moved forward with the two regiments of his brigade. You also ordered me to have a section of the battery taken upon the hill if possible, and in compliance with which order Captain Standart, with two sections of artillery, moved forward, and with great difficulty succeeded in getting upon the hill, when a heavy fire from his guns was opened on the enemy.

