
[CHAP. XVII.

FEBRUARY 2, 1862.

Brigadier-General HINDMAN:

I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 31st ultimo I proceeded, in obedience to your orders, to a point on Green River known as Camp Lynn, which is 6 miles above the Burned Bridge, where the Glasgow and Louisville turnpike crosses Green River.

I reached Camp Lynn at 7 o'clock p. m. on the evening of the 31st, and the next morning commenced the work of feeling trees and constructing the raft.

When I endeavored to procure assistance from the people in the vicinity I found that they had taken the alarm, and that most of them (whites and negroes) had concealed themselves.

The river during the previous night had fallen so much that the islands were beginning to appear, and the drift which had been running was lodging upon them and upon the banks. Fearing, therefore, that during the time which would elapse while a raft of sufficient breadth to lodge, as was desired, was building, the water would become too low to float it the required distance, I turned the timber loose into the stream.

I left the neighborhood at 2 o'clock p. m. February 1, and proceeded to the Burned Bridge, where I had learned that Federal pickets were stationed.

Having gotten within a short distance of the southern bank of the river I discovered 6 or 8 men in blue informs standing upon land near the abutment on the further side. When fired upon they retreated in considerable confusion, but shortly rallied and commenced a spirited fire in return; the effect of which myself and party under my charge did not remain to observe after hearing the rattling of the artillery which was hurried towards the bridge immediately upon the commencement of the firing.

On the morning of the 2nd instant I went by the Burkesville and Woodsonville road towards the latter place. When within a mile and a quarter of Woodsonville some soldiers (either pickets or stragglers visiting the houses of the neighborhood) discovered us and ran towards camp. After moving cautiously long the road for perhaps a mile farther I came in sigh of 2 cavalry pickets; in a few minutes they were joined by 8 or 10 footmen and about the same number made their appearance in the wood upon each side. Thinking it impossible to avoid these men and get closer to the camp I ordered the party I commanded to fire upon them, and drew several shots from them in return.

I returned to camp through Horse Cave, and could discern no Federals in that vicinity.

Very respectfully,

B. W. DUKE,

Lieutenant, Commanding Detail.

[FEBRUARY 2, 186.2-Requisitions made by the Confederate Government for eleven "war regiments" from Alabama, twelve from Georgia, seven from Mississippi, and thirty-two from Tennessee.*]

---------------

*Requisition will be found in Series IV, Vol. I.

---------------

