
The loss of my brigade in killed and wounded is as follows: Tenth Indiana Regiment, 11 killed and 75 wounded; Fourth Kentucky Regiments, 8 killed and 52 wounded; total, 19 killed and 127 wounded.

The enemy's loss in killed and wounded cannot be short of 800, and some intelligent prisoners estimate it as high as 1,500 in killed and wounded and drowned in crossing the river.

The officers and men under my command behaved themselves with coolness and courage during the entire engagement. Their gallantry and bravery never were excelled upon any battle-field, and seldom equaled. In justice to the enemy I must say they exhibited a courage and determination worthy of a better cause. General Zollicoffer, who commanded a part of their forces, fell while leading on his men, his body pierced by three bullets.

I cannot close my report without mentioning the names of Lieutenant-Colonel Kise and Major A. O. Miller, of the Tenth Indiana Regiment, who gallantly and bravely led forward their men and withstood the whole force of the enemy solitary and alone for one hour. Oliver S. Rankin, quartermaster of the Tenth Indiana regiment, with his characteristic bravery and energy, organized his train for the purpose of advancing or retiring as the circumstances might require, and promptly supplied the men of the Tenth Indiana Regiment with cartridges, from 60 to 75 rounds of which were fired by them during the action.

Captain A. C. Gillen, division quartermaster, who promptly organized an ammunition train and moved it on to the field, and by his untiring exertions contributed greatly to our success, is deserving of the highest praise.

Captain George W. Roper, division commissary, merits great praise for his services on the field of battle and for so promptly organizing his provision train, which supplied the men with rations when they were almost exhausted.

Captain R. C. Kise, my assistant adjutant-general, who was of invaluable service to me in assisting and arranging the troops on the field and communicating my orders, is entitled to the highest praise and honors.

Captain D. N. Steele, brigade quartermaster, and Captain D. N. Nye, brigade commissary, for the faithful performance of their duties, are entitled to credit.

The gallant Colonel R. L. McCook, commanding the Third Brigade, I shall ever remember with feelings of gratitude and admiration for the prompt manner in which he sustained me in the hour of trial.

To Major Hunt, of the Fourth Kentucky Regiment, who exerted himself in cheering on his men and giving them every encouragement and assistance, great honor and praise should be accorded.

In justice to my own feelings I cannot close this report without congratulating the commanding general of this division on the splendid victory achieved over the rebel forces by the troops under his command at Logan's field. The number of the enemy's forces engaged in battle must have been over 8,000 men, while the Federal force actually engaged did not exceed at any time over 2,500.

All the papers and plans of the late General Zollicoffer have fallen into my hands, which I have preserved for the future use of the Government.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

MAHLON D. MANSON,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, First Division, Dept. Ohio.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding First Division, Department of the Ohio.

