
severe. The gunboats, after two assaults, retired at an early hour in the evening. I presume battle with be fought to-morrow. We will endeavor to hold our position if we are capable of doing so. Our casualties are not great; the enemy's, I have no doubt, are much greater.

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General.

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.

GLADESVILLE, February 13, 1862.

General COOPER:

GENERAL: I have no news to communicate particularly. The country people say the enemy has certainly 6,000 men at Piketon.

I have ordered Captain Witcher to take this company over to the Louis Fork of Sandy, and to watch the country between Grundy and Piketon, and to give me information should the enemy undertake to advance into Virginia.

I have directed Captain Jeffress to bring the horses of his battery forward, and to take the field pieces (six in number) from Pound Gap behind Clinch River. They have no company to man them, no horses to draw them, and there they are exposed to danger without the possibility of doing service. I propose to transport, if possible, all the public stores behind Clinch River, yet to hold Pound Gap as long as possible with the force now there. It is as much as I shall be able to do to subsist the men. My commissary being will typhoid fever, I have taken supplies in the counties below me. If I can weather the storm for a few days I shall hope to have supplies on hand. I have requested Jefferson Higginbottom, esq., of Tazewell County, Virginia, resident at Liberty Hill, to permit me to nominate him for major Hawes' place as commissary of brigade, but have not heard from as yet. I expect the return of my courier every hour.

I regret to say the exposure incident to my late march in Kentucky is telling strongly upon my men. Lieutenant Tribble, of Stoner's company, died a few days since. Private Shawhaw and several others of the mounted battalion have died. Colonel Trigg has lost 5 and Colonel Moore 2. Colonel Williams has lost 10 men, of disease. I have in hospital here now 119.

I am, &amp;c.,

H. MARSHALL,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, February 14, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:

Your dispatch of 8th instant received. General Buckner was engaged with enemy yesterday; is in his presence to-day, and most probably engaged. I cannot detach him. General Chalmers is in command of troops between Memphis and Tennessee River, and cannot be spared now. I hope you will send a suitable commander for East Tennessee from the East.

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General.

