
wounded, and joined in the pursuit, which terminated in our unobstructed entrance to this stronghold of the enemy.

I take great pleasure in stating that the conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel Croxton, Major Hunt, Adjutant Goodloe, Quartermaster Hope, and all my company officers, without a single exception, was deserving of the highest praise and commendation and to their coolness and bravery I attribute much of the determination of the men.

Towards the close of the fight I discovered we were getting short of ammunition, and the company officers as well as the field officers fearing that neither ammunition nor re-enforcements would reach us in time, the command was was distinctly given by the company officers to their men to "fix bayonets," evidently showing a coolness and determination not to be expected from volunteers, and especially those who had never met an enemy in battle.

Captain Wellington Harlan, who had been for some time under arrest,, was conspicuous with his rifle throughout the battle, and for his gallant conduct on the field was there presented with his sword by Lieutenant-Colonel Croxton (who had caused him to be arrested) and ordered to take command of his company. I cannot but speak, without doing violence to my own feelings, in the highest terms of praise of the conduct both of my officers and men. They all acted nobly their part during the whole of the engagement. I led only 400 men and one half of my company officers into the fight, nearly all the rest being absent sick.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

SPEED S. FRY,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Kentucky Regiment of Infantry.

Colonel M. D. MANSON,

Commanding Second Brigade, First Division, Dept. of the Ohio.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel John M. Harlan, Tenth Kentucky Infantry.
HDQRS. TENTH REGIMENT KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS,Near Mill Springs, Wayne County, Ky., Jan. 27, 1862.

SIR: I submit the following report of the action of my regiment in connection with the capture of the fortifications erected by the rebel Army at and near Mill Springs

At this point, however, I deem it proper to state that on the night of the 17th instant an order came from the division commander, addressed to Colonel Steedman, of the Fourteenth Ohio, and myself (then encamped about 8 miles from Logan's where the battle of the 19th occurred), directing us to march at once to the farm of one Tarter, on the Jamestown road, and about 6 miles off the main road from Columbia to Somerset, and engage two rebel regiments, supposed to be there encamped. This duty was performed, but the enemy was not to be found at the place designated. After remaining at Tarter's until noon of the 18th instant, we returned to our camp in the afternoon of Saturday, too late to make any further forward movement on that day. You will thus perceive that it was physically impossible for my regiment, consistent with other duties imposed upon us, to be present at Logan's on the morning of the 19th, when the enemy, under Crittenden and Zollicoffer, made an attack upon the United States troops.

