
sation" to which the party may be entitled. This must be done or we must submit to extortion.

Men feeding cattle near the road to Pound Gap I have directed to take their stock elsewhere, and I have levies on all their hay, grass, and small grain, which public animals will want on our line of march. There are men feeding hogs and cattle yet in Scott and Lee Counties under the hope of realizing high prices in the spring and summer for these from the Army. If I had the command, I would seize and bacon all their hogs and beef, or I would make them carry it south of the railroad. They are getting all the supplies our of our way under the hope of future private gain and they should be stopped at once. There are neighborhoods between this and Piketon as unsound as any part of Northwest Virginia. They must be thrown behind declared lines, and indeed if the able-bodied men do not enlist they should be rafted or compelled to go south of the railroad. The enemy must not find guides and spies here as he did in Kentucky, or he will have all advantages, and will advance with confidence if not success.

The snow is now 6 inches deep here and yet falling rapidly.

I presume my letters reach your regularly; if not, please advise me. I hope you will take the condition of affairs in this quarter into instant consideration. I am ready to do all an officer can do, but I cannot resist an army unless I have force to act with. Colonels Trigg and Moore and Captain Jeffress are all farther from me than the enemy is. I shall order them to return as soon as I can collect here supplies to feed them, which duty now engages my attention, as I have neither quartermaster nor commissary in the field for duty.

Your obedient servant,

H. MARSHALL,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

CAMP AT THE POUND,

February 14, 1862.

General HUMPHREY MARSHALL, Gladesville:

GENERAL: I send you inclosed a letter that I have received from Piketon. It was written on last Tuesday at Piketon. One part was written by a lady and the other by a gentleman living in Piketon. I know them both and they are both reliable.

Yours, truly,

JNO. S. WILLIAMS,

Colonel, &amp;c.

[Subinclosure.]

DEAR FRIEND: I received your note to-day, and was glad to hear from you. The Union men are here. They have a force of three regiments; they are increasing daily. They are going to the Pound Gap. Tell father and brother Harrison to stay away from here, to stay out of this State, for they are scouting all the time. Tell farther mother is well and treated well. Tell farther not to be uneasy about us, but take care of himself and not stay up there anywhere. Show this to him.

Your friend,

[Not signed.]

From all we can find out they are gong to the Pound Gap with a large force, and they think that the Southern soldiers have only volunteered for sic months, and then valley will not join any more, and then

