
RESERVE.

Brigadier-General BRECKINRIDGE's brigade.

3rd Kentucky, Colonel Thompson.

4th Kentucky, Colonel Trabue.

5th Kentucky, Colonel Hunt.

6th Kentucky, Colonel Lewis.

Colonel Crew's regiment.

Clifton's battalion.

Hale's battalion.

Helm's cavalry battalion.

Morgan's cavalry.

Nelson's cavalry.

Lyon's battery.

UNATIACHED.

Colonel Forrest's cavalry.

Colonel Wharton's (8th Texas) cavalry.

General Johnston assumes command of the army.

By command of General Johnston:

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS C. S. FORCES, Numbers 4. Corinth, Miss., February 23, 1862.

In conformity with orders from General Bragg the undersigned assumed command of the District of North Alabama.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

MURFREESBOROUGH, [February] 24, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

My movements have been delayed by a storm on the 22nd washing away pike and railroad bridge at this place. Floyd, 2,500 strong, will march for Chattanooga to-morrow to defend the central line. This army will move on 26th, by Decatur, for the valley of Mississippi; is in good condition and increasing in numbers.

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General.

JACKSON, TENN., February 24, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

GENERAL: As I had anticipated before leaving Centerville, I find that the troops at Columbus have not been regularly organized according to long-recognized military usage, founded on experience, in all services.

It is true there is a nominal organization into "divisions," formed of other subdivisions called "brigades," but upon no regular basis. Fort example, General McCown commands one of these so-called divisions of but five regiments of infantry; that is more properly a brigade. Another of these divisions consists of two brigades of three regiments each, Brigadier-General Cheatham commanding the division. The other division, so called, really has had no division commander since the departure of Brigadier-General Pillow. It consists of some eight

