
already there, consisting of a regiment of infantry, 400 effective, some 200 of whom only are armed with double-barrel shot-guns, and 140 cavalry, armed with double-barrel shot-guns and knives.

3rd. Place another battalion at McNairy's Station, and hold in observation a road leading through Purdy to Savannah, on Tennessee River.

4th. Send a howitzer, if practicable, with each battalion.

5th. Hold in observation the landing on Tennessee River opposite a place called Waterloo.

6th. The cavalry now at Henderson must be used to all possible advantage as outposts and vedettes and in procuring information of the movements of the movements of the enemy on the river.

There is another cavalry company at Bolivar which was offered, armed with shot-guns, which may be taken into active service at once.

There is at Henderson no ammunition for the infantry now there, I hear from Colonel Lea, commanding there.

I would further advise, you to order up to Corinth the rest of your brigade from Grand Junction, and to hold all your command ready for any emergency, including Brigadier-General Chalmers' brigade.

Yours, very truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General C. S. Army.

CORINTH, MISS., February 24, 1862.

General RUGGLES:

SIR: There are five bridges between Corinth and Memphis, and guarded as follows:

Cypress Creek, about 14 miles west of Corinth, 150 to 200 feet long; two watchmen at night and one by day.

Tuscumbia River, about 16 miles, 150 to 200 feet long; four men at night and one by day.

Hatchie River, about 18 miles, 150 to 200 feet long; two men at night and one by day.

Wolf River, 55 miles west, 150 to 175 feet long; one man at night and one by day.

Grissom's Creek, 58 miles west, about 100 feet long; one watchman by night and section-house in night.

Muddy Creek, an iron trestle, 20 miles west, about 100 feet long; no guard.

A trestle, 150 to 200 feet long, between Tuscumbia and Hatchie Rivers; no guard.

Mr. Williams thinks those bridges sufficiently guarded; the men are well armed.

Respectfully,

JNO. W. GOODWIN.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ALABAMA AND WEST FLORIDA, Numbers 61. Mobile, Ala., February 24, 1862.

* * * * * * *

II. Brigadier General J. K. Jackson, P. A., will proceed to Chattanooga, Tenn., and there assume command of the troops sent to that point from

