
8th. I have endeavored to hold my transports well in hand, ready for tromp action and movement for service on either flank.

9th. My entire brigade has been concentrated here for some days, and with General Chalmers and Walker in readiness for any emergency.

I am, general, very truly, yours,

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.
HDQRS. FIFTY-SECOND Regiment TENNESSEE VOLUNTEERS, Henderson Station, February 26, 1862.

General DANIEL RUGGLES:

Your note of yesterday was carried by here and returned by train last night, else would have been sooner answered.

I cannot report with certainly whether there are any cavalry on the Tennessee River. I shall learn with certainly to-day. On yesterday morning I sent men to Clifton, Saltillo, Savannah, and Hamburg. I have 100 cavalry reconnoitering in the neighborhood of those places. From the best information I can gather I think they have a few infantry at Clifton, Saltillo, and Savannah, who have pressed horses into service and are scouring the country. If the report be true, I should be in a bad condition to meet them, having only 100 available or rather effective shot-guns; still if there be not more than 500 I shall try them. I shall keep you advised.

Respectfully,B. J. LEA,

Colonel, Commanding.

HDQRS. FIFTY-SECOND Regiment TENNESSEE VOLUNTEERS, Henderson Station, February 26, 1862.

Brigadier General DANIEL RUGGLES:

DEAR SIR: Yours of this date received. In answer I have to say that I have under my command the Fifty-second Tennessee Regiment, of which I am colonel, numbering 760 men, of which 260 are sick; we have norms except 100 double-barrel shot-guns; Captain C. S. Robertson's cavalry company, numbering 140 men, rank and file, armed with double-barrel shot-guns and sabers; about 251 of the Fifty-first Tennessee Regiment, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Chester, for whom he has secured about 100 common sporting rifles, repaired and cleaned. They are all stationed at this place. I send out Captain Robertson's cavalry every few days to scout the country from Clifton to Savannah. From scouts returned this evening I am reliably informed that no Federal cavalry has been sending guards in the direction of Savannah by Purdy.

Any suggestions you may make or commands to give will be gladly received and promptly executed. Can you by any possible means secure for me the musket or rifle with bayonets?

Very respectfully,

B. J. LEA,

Colonel, C. S. Army, Commanding.

