
[FEBRUARY 27, 1862.-For Bragg to Benjamin, in reference to re-enforcements to Beauregard, see Series I, Vol. VI, p. 834; and to Beauregard, see p. 836.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Murfreesborough, Tenn., February 27, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: The army supplies and stores which were forwarded to this place having all been sent forward to Chattanooga, except what may be needed for the immediate use of the army at Huntsville and Decatur and points farther on towards Memphis, this command will commence the march to-morrow towards Decatur.

The enemy are in possession of Nashville in force, the advance of which is 8 miles on this side of the city.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Numbers 39. Murfreesborough, February 27, 1862.

* * * * * *

2. The army will move to-morrow morning at sunrise for Shelbyville.

3. The order of march and the marches will be as follows:

1st. Wood's brigade, snappers and miners, 15 miles on Shelbyville road.

2nd. Wood's brigade, snappers and miners, 15 miles on Shelbyville road.

3rd. Crittenden's division, 12 miles on the same road.

4th. Breckinridge and Texas Rangers, 7 miles to Hindman's first encampment.

5th. Hardee, with Bowen's brigade, will cross the bridge over Stone's Creek.

6th. All unattached companies, battalions, or regiments will be put in march by Major-General Hardee in advance of Bowen.

7th. The colonels of regiments will place all spare wagons at the disposal of the chief quartermaster.

8th. The brigadiers and colonels will restrict their officers and men to the smallest possible amount of baggage, and turn over surplus transportation to the chief quartermaster.

9th. Major-General Hardee will assume command of all the cavalry in rear of the army, prescribe the time and manner of their movement, and direct them to destroy all the bridges after they pass over.

10th. The chief quartermaster will turn over all surplus transportation to Major-General Hardee.

[By command of General Johnston:

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

