
ridge, on the Fayetteville road to Decatur, each command advancing from 12 to 15 miles, sending staff officers in advance to select encampments and provide forage.

By command of General Johnston:

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Knoxville, March 3, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

SIR: Your telegraphic order [of 1st instant] to transmit Dr. Brownlow out of Tennessee by "Cumberland Mountains or any safe road" was received on Saturday. This morning I sent Dr. Brownlow, in charge of Colonel Young, of General Carroll's staff, with a guard of 10 men, to Nashville, and thence to Kentucky. I did not deem it safe to send by any of the mountain passes.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,G. H. MONSARRAT,

Captain, Commanding Post.

RICHMOND, VA., March 4, 1862.

General A. SIDNEY JOHNSTON, Fayetteville, Tenn.:

Your messenger with dispatches of February 18 only arrived yesterday. We have no official report of the disaster at Fort Donelson, and Congress is very impatient for it. I hear that General Pillow has committed the offense of publishing his report. We have nothing from you or General Floyd. I will send you written dispatches by express to-morrow. In [the] mean time send us your plans, condition, and purposes.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

SHELBYVILLE, March 4, 1862.

J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

My army will move beyond this to-day on the road to Decatur. One brigade remains here to protect the stores they are shipped south. I will be at the telegraph office at Fayetteville to-morrow morning to receive any communications.

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., March 4, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Jackson, Tenn.:

SIR: Your letters of the 21st, 23d, and 24th ultimo, addressed to General Cooper, have been received, as well as your cipher dispatch of the---instant. I receive with great concern the news of your continued ill health, and trust that services so valuable to our country as yours may be spared to us at this crisis and that your health will be restored before any serious movement of the enemy can endanger your

