
command. In the mean time I have news that General Bragg has left his department to join you, and I trust that his presence, by relieving you in part from the anxiety and responsibility which must weight upon you, will contribute to your restoration to active service.

You will no doubt have learned ere this that General Bragg does not come alone to aid you, but brings valuable re-enforcements of disciplined troops, though in what number we are not yet advised.

Your call upon the Governors of the States in the Mississippi Valley for re-enforcements is fully approved, and both Governor Moore, of Louisiana, and Governor Pettus, of Mississippi, have been advised by telegraph that they may accept troops enlisted for twelve months for your re-enforcement, provided the troops are armed. The policy of the Government has never been to reject any armed men; but where unarmed men were offered for twelve months we have refused them, because we have "war" men enough to receive all the arms we can possibly procure.

The President has nominated to-day as brigadier-general Adjutant-General Mackall. He was not willing to raise him at once to the rank of major-general. Several others of the officers recommended by you have been nominated, as, for instance, Colonel A. P. Hill, Colonel Winder, Colonel Stevenson; but General J. E. Johnston is so reluctant to allow any of his officers to be withdrawn from his command that I scarcely know who can be sent to you.

Your telegraphic recommendation of Colonel Gant was received, but not acceded to, as we were aware you did not know the officer personally, and others were presented who appeared ot possess higher merit. Colonel Churchill, of Arkansas, has been nominated, but is not, I fear, in your command. In order to insure you such general officers as you need it is thought best to wait until you get your re-enforcements from General Bragg, and then that you, with Generals Bragg and Polk, select from your own command your most promising officers, so as to avoid the bad feeling that always seems to attend the withdrawal of officers from one command to another.

I am, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

JACKSON, TENN., March 4, 1862.

Beauregerd's confidential notes of reference.

Provisions, grin, &amp;c., in Western Tennessee to be collected as rap idly as possible and sent to Columbus and Grenada, keeping on hand provisions and forage as follows, viz:

At Union city, for 1,500 men, about three weeks.

At Humboldt, for 5,000 men, about three weeks.

At Jackson, for 900 infantry, about three weeks.

At Jackson, for 400 cavalry, about thee weeks.

At Corinth, for 15,000 men, for four weeks.

At Henderson, for 800 men, for two weeks.

At Iuka, for 2,500 men, for two weeks.

At Grand Junction, for 10,000 men, for four weeks.

The regiment now at Trenton to be ordered forthwith by General Polk to Fort Pillow via Memphis. Captain Robertson's cavalry to remain at Henderson; the remainder of troops now there, viz, Lea's and

