
Browder's regiments and stragglers collected, to be ordered by General Polk to report to General Ruggles at Corinth forthwith. The Seventh Mississippi Regiment, now at Jackson, Tenn., to be ordered by General Bragg to Henderson.

ORGANIZATION.

Three or more regiments, or about 2,500 effective men, to a brigade; two brigades to a division; to each brigade one battery of six guns, either four smooth-bores and two howitzers, four rifles and two howitzers, or six rifle guns.

Each grand division should have a reserve battery as large as practicable. There should be a chief of artillery for light batteries on the general-in-chief's staff.

AMMUNITION.

Depots to be established at Columbus and Grenada, Miss. Ammunition for distribution: 100 rounds per man for infantry and cavalry with each regiment; 200 rounds per piece with each company of artillery. The requisite amount in the same ration for an army of 35,000 men to be held in depot at Grand Junction ready for shipment at a moment's notice.

ORDNANCE.

One chief of ordnance, Captain Oladowski; ordnance officer at Columbus, Mr. W. R. Hunt.

Ordnance officer at Grenada, Captain Gibbs.

Powder manufactory to be established at Meridian, and sulphur, &amp;c., to be collected there.

Percussion-cap manufactory to be established at Columbus, and, if possible, at Grenada.

Prisoners of war now at Memphis to be removed to Tuscaloosa, Ala.

Troops to be prepared for active operations in the field; their baggage to be reduced to a minimum.

Transportation shall be from 10 to 15 wagons per regiment, if practicable.

Rear guards must, as they retire, destroy bridges behind their, especially on ordinary roads, by felling trees, &c., if practicable. For this purpose they must be provided with axes.

Each fort and light battery must be provided forthwith with an ample supply of rat-tail files. General Polk will please issue necessary orders to that effect.

The Fourth Louisiana Regiment at Jackson will report to Major-General Bragg for orders.

UNION CITY, March 4, 1862.

General LEONIDAS POLK:

All is right at Hickman. No gunboats have been seen. I expect to send down a locomotive this evening.

I will have your orders out as far as possible.

B. F. CHEATHAM

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

