
the Department of Alabama and West Florida, and, in addition thereto, assumes that of the troops in North Mississippi and south of this point in West Tennessee; the whole to be designated as the Second Grand Division of the Army of the Mississippi Valley, headquarters for the present at Jackson, Tenn.

II. The following staff officers are announced as attached to the headquarters of the division:

1. Major George G. Garner, assistant adjutant-general.

2. First Lieutenant Towson Ellis and

3. S. Parker, jr., aides-de-camp.

4. Colonel J. E. Slaughter, P. A., acting inspector-general.

5. Colonel J. B. Villepigue, P. A., chief of engineers and artillery.

6. Captain H. Oladowski, C. S. artillery, chief of ordnance.

7. Major J. J. Walker, assistant commissary of subsistence.

8. Captain L. V. Johnston, assistant quartermaster.

9. Surg. A. J. Foard, medical director.

10. First Lieutenant H. W. Walter, Ninth Mississippi Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general and judge-advocate.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Major-General, P. A.

OFFICE OF CLERK OF HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, March 10, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The House of Representatives this day passed the following resolution, to wit:

Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to give information to this House on the following points, viz:

At what period was it that the Confederate forces under General Johnston first established themselves in the city of Bowling Breen, adn what was our force at that time and within the period of a week?

What was the force of the enemy at that period between Bowling Green and the Ohio River, and where located?

What prevented General Johnston at that time from making a forward movement towards the Ohio River? Was he retrained by instructions from the War Department or was he left to his own discretion in the matter?

What forces, if any, were sent from Bowling Green to Fort Donelson previous to the first battle at that place and under whose command?

What number of forces did General Johnston retain at Bowling Green up to the time of its evacuation?

Did General Johnston re-enforce or attempt to re-enforce the Confederate Army at Fort Donelson during the progress of the conflicts at that place? Is it within the knowledge of the War Department that any applications were made by the commanders of our forces at Fort Donelson for re-enforcements previous to ordering the conflicts of that place?

Was General Johnston restrained by orders from the War Department from sending re-enforcements or was he left to his own discretion in that regard?

What means of transportation had General Johnston at Bowling Green to enable him to re-enforce Fort Donelson during the contests had he been disposed to do so?

When were the fortifications along the banks of the Cumberland and Tennessee Rivers, with the view to judicious selections of places for fortifications, before the sites for Forts Henry and Donelson were selected?

Did General Johnston fall back from Bowling Green in accordance with instructions from the War Department or was he left to his own discretion in the matter?

Why was Nashville surrendered to the enemy?

Did General Johnston proceed upon his own discretion or under instructions form the War Department in regard to the act of surrendering that city into the hands of the enemy?

