
terday) with my command I was under the impression that sufficient teams could be procured in the neighborhood of Lebanon to place 100,000 rations in Columbia at once. I find, however, that it cannot be done since leaving Lebanon, and have therefore halted at this place, and will send back to-morrow all the regimental teams (except four to each regiment) for a load of subsistence, which will enable me to place in Columbia over 100,000 rations by Sunday. To effect this will only delay me two days at most,f or were I to go direct to Columbia I should be compelled to halt there for rations to arrive before I could advance, ass it is extremely difficult to procure supplies on the road between Columbia and Somerset. Moreover, as there is considerable existement her about a thinned advance of the enemy on Greensburg, my halt here will have the effect of misleading the people as to the prime object of the move. After getting the supplies into Columbia I shall be ready to move without delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH BRIGADE, Columbia, Ky., January 3, 1862.

General BUELL,Commanding Department of the Ohio, Louisville, Ky.:

SIR: General Zollicoffer has received re-enforcements to amount of six regiments-about 4,000 men. I learn this reliably. Zollicoffer has sent a force down on this side the Cumberland as far as Wolf Creek, with teams, to forage the country. A considerable cavalry force has been in Jamestown.

I am informed to-day that a part of Zollicoffer's force is at the mouth of Greasy Creek, 6 miles beyond Jamestown, in Russell Couny. they are preparing to fortify themselves at mount of Greasy Creek, on the Cumberland. If time is given them they will soon be fortified so as not to be dislodged without great loss. If prompt action was taken they could be prevented taking and holding the position. As soon as they secure the point they will take Burkesville. They will now have possession of the Cumberland River. They have six seven little steamboats at Celina ready to come up with clothing, commissary stores, &amp;c. They will ravage and devastate the whole country along the river, feeding their people and leaving ours to starve.

I will be obliged to you to send Captain Gilbert here, and that you immediately telegraph the President to appoint Captain Gilbert brigadier-general in my place.

I will write you fully on this subject on to-morrow. If it be the purpose of the President to appoint me, of which I am not advised, I think I ought to decline the appointment in favor of Captain Gilbert or any really qualified man.

My letter will explain itself.

Respectfully, &c.,

J. T. BOYLE,

Acting Brigadier-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, January 6, 1862.

Brigadier-General BUELL:

MY DEAR SIR: Your dispatch of yesterday has been received, and it

