
SAINT LOUIS, January 24, 1862.

Brigadier General C. F. SMITH,

Commanding, &amp;c., Paducah:

GENERAL: Please send me at your earliest convenience a full description of the road and country from Smithland to Dover and Fort Henry; also of the road south of the Tennessee to Fort Henry, and the means of crossing the river at different points above Paducah. This report should be as much in detail as your means of information will allow. I particularly wish to know the character of the country between these roads and the rivers, and whether it is such that troops can sustain or be sustained by the gunboats; also a description of the roads and country east of the Cumberland, and its character with regard to military movements of an enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

JANUARY 27, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

General Thomas had orders to pursue the enemy with all possible vigor, but the difficulty of crossing the river delayed the pursuit, which now would perhaps be ruthless, as all information goes to show that they are entirely dispersed. General Schoepf, however, is, I suppose, in Monticello to-day, where, there being no enemy to pursue, he will remain until further orders. The rest of the division is at Mill Springs and Somerset, collecting captured property and repairing the road, which is nearly impassable. I have four regiments at work corduroing it entirely for a distance of about 40 miles. It will not otherwise be possible to carry trains over it. Even now it is with the greatest difficulty that the troops there are imperfectly supplied with provisions.

The principal part of General Carter's brigade has been at Somerset. I have ordered it back to Cumberland Gap route ot advance on the Gap. When I ordered Thomas forward to attack Zollicoffer I expected by the time that was accompanied to be able to advance him at once into East Tennessee; but want of transportation and the condition of the roads have thus far rendered it impossible.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, January 29, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Saint Louis:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have recommended A. J. Smith for brigadier-general, as you requested, and when his name is acted upon will assign him to duty with you. I have also recommended General Hitchcock, as you desire. Your welcome letter in regard to future operations is received. I will reply in full in a day or two. In the mean time get your force in hand and study the ground. I will try to-day to send you some more infantry arms. Cavalry arms are terribly scarce. I have had to take to lances here to supply deficiencies. I like your views as to the

