
a point at which every man you can raise can be employed with more effect or with the prospect of as important results.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Washington, February 6, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I received your letters in regard to Sigel and at once showed them to Secretary Stanton, who requested me to say to you from him that you can rely upon his full and cordial support. He thinks that the power of the Germans by no means equals their wishes, and that you will find means to keep order. You may rely upon it that you have the confidence of all here; I need not repeat to you that you have mine.

The roads being impassable between Buell and his opponents, it now becomes a question whether we cannot throw all our available force by the two rivers upon Nashville. Can we move them now in that manner?

I will try to-night to write you my views more fully.

In great haste, truly, yours,GEO. B. McCLELLAN.

SAINT LOUIS, February 6, 1862.

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: On your arrival at Cairo you will proceed to carry out the verbal instructions which I have given to you, issuing in my name such orders as may be necessary for that purpose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, February 8, 1862-10 p. m.

(Received February 9, 1862, 9 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Your position on the Tennessee involves two questions in which I am concerned: First, a new plan of campaign; second, the rescue of your collum, if it should come to that. The first I have had in my mind, and may depend very much on your further success. The second will leave me no option but to use every man not necessary for defense here to effect the object, if possible. If General Grant should be beleaguered so as be in danger, you will of course inform me of it.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Copy to McClellan February 9, 1862, 9 a. m.)

WASHINGTON, February 9, 1862.

Major General D. C. BUELL, Louisville:

The President directs me to say that he has read your communication to Major General G. B. McClellan, dated the 1st and mailed the 6th of

