
this month, and that he approves the operations you propose therein, and believes, if vigorously prosecuted, they cannot fail. He desires you and Major-General Halleck to co-operate as far as possible, and says that your two heads together will succeed.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FEBRUARY 12, 1862-7.30 p. m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Commanding U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

I will advance up the Tennessee or Cumberland with a portion of my force, leaving the rest to operate against Bowling Green. They are closing on that point now, but, as I wrote you, an attack on it of itself must be tedious. The movement to the Tennessee is difficult, but promises great results. It should be thoroughly supported. It will sudden attack, and the rivers must be made absolutely secure by gunboats to each river. The present gunboats cannot run in low water either there or in the Ohio. Broader ones, drawing not more than 3 fleet, ought ot be got up at once. Paducah should be held by not less than 10,000 men as long as the enemy occupies Columbus in force. Let me suggest to you to be preparated any day to throw strong re-enforcements into these movements. The enemy will do it, and it will probably be necessary for us at any rate, as we must be divided and he is fortified at so many points.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.

FEBRUARY 13, 1862.

General McCOOK, Munfordville:

We will have to give up the plan of moving you by railroad.

March to the mouth of Salt River and get there Sunday. Take your supply of ammunition with you in an ammunition train, independent of the one hundred wagons for supply train. Start with five days' rations. Has Negley's brigade moved?

The three batteries other than yours that have been with you are all Nelson's.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, February 14, 1862.

Brigadier General D. C. BUELL,

Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith a sketch of a portion of the Cumberland River and the position of the enemy's batteries. The number of guns marked is merely fancy, as we have no positive information of their present strength. It has been much increased since our spies were there. You will see the positions indicated for the mortar boats to shell them out. The armored gunboats will probably be able to approach

