
ing as before described, a desperate fire was continued for about thirty minutes, with seemingly doubtful result. The importance of possessing the log house, stable, and corn-crib became apparent, and Companies A, B, C, and D, of the Ninth Ohio, were ordered to flank the enemy upon the extreme left and obtain possession of the house. This done, still the enemy stood firm to his position and cover.

During this time the artillery of the enemy constantly overshot my brigade. Seeing the superior number of the enemy and their bravery, I concluded the best mode of settling the contest was to order the Ninth Ohio Regiment to charge the enemy's position with the bayonet and turn his left flank. The order was given the regiment to empty their guns and fix bayonets; this done, it was ordered to charge. Every man sprang to it with alacrity and vociferous cheering, the enemy seemingly prepared to resist it, but before the regiment reached him the lines commenced to give way. But few of them stood, possibly 10 or 12.

This broke the enemy's flank, and the whole line gave way in great confusion, and the whole turned into a perfect rout. As soon as I could form the regiments of my brigade I pursued the enemy to the hospital, where you joined the advance. I then moved my command forward under orders in line of battle to the foot of Moulden's Hill, passing on the way one abandoned cannon.

The next morning we marched into the deserted works of the enemy, and on the following day returned to our camp. At the time of the first advance of the Ninth Ohio I was shot through the right leg below the knee. Three other balls passed through my horse, and another through my overcoat. After this I was compelled to go on foot until I got to the hospital of the enemy. About the same time I was shot in the leg my aide-de-camp, Andrew S. Burt, was shot in the side.

Too much praise cannot be awarded to the company officers, non-commissioned officers, and the soldiers of the two regiments. Notwithstandinging they had been called out before breakfast and had not tasted food all day, they conducted themselves throughout like veterans, obeying each command and executing every movement as though they were upon parade. Although all the officers of the command evinced the greatest courage and deported themselves under fire in a proper soldierly manner, were I to fail to specify some of them it would be great injustice. Lieutenant Andrew S. Burt (aide-de-camp), of the Eighteenth U. S. Infantry; Hunter Brooke, private in the Second Minnesota Regiment and volunteer aide-de-camp; Major Gustave Kammerling, commanding the Ninth Ohio; Captain Charles Joseph, Company A; Captain Frederick Schroeder, Company D; George H. Harries, adjutant of the Ninth Ohio Regiment; Colonel H. P. Van Cleve, James George, lieutenant-colonel, and Alex. Wilkin, major of the Second Minnesota Regiment, each displayed great valor and judgment in the discharge of their respective duties, so much so, in my judgment, as to place this country and every honest friend thereof under obligations to them.

In conclusion, permit me, sir, to congratulate you on the victory achieved, and allow me to express the hope that your future efforts will be crowned with the same success.

Attached you will find the number of the force of my brigade engaged and also a list of the killed and wounded.*

I am, respectfully, yours,

ROBERT L. McCOOK,

Colonel 9th Ohio Regiment, Commanding 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., Dept. of the Ohio.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding First Division.

---------------

*Casualties embodied in report Numbers 2.

---------------

