
meet the enemy, who was reported approaching against us on the road leading from the Cumberland River to Logan's farm. The regiment proceeded in line of battle to the scene of action, about a mile and a half from the camp. At a point this side of the thick woods separating the enemy from us Company K was ordered to take position on a side road, and to skirmish the bush, for the purpose of protecting us against any flank attack. The remaining eight companies (Company G was on guard on the other side of our camp, and was left there) proceeded in quick step through the woods to the place of battle, and no sooner had they reached the edge of the woods when they were ordered to aback the enemy. The latter was posted in force on the edge of and in the woods opposite us, and was separated from us by two open corn fields, both of which were fenced. Our left wing touched the main road leading to the Cumberland, and was separated by the same from the right wing of the Second Minnesota Regiment.

With loud hurrahs our boys, most gallantly led by Kammerling, advanced upon the enemy, extending themselves all over the first of said two corn fields, and taking stand along and below the fence. Brisk and heavy firing at once began from both sides and continued for about half an hour. At last Companies A, B, C, and D, from our right wing, made a flank movement by left wheel, and after opening a lively fire against the enemy's left wing they, together with the remaining companies, made a bayonet charge, driving the enemy from his position with loud shouts. The enemy immediately fled precipitately, leaving their dead and wounded, and their knapsacks, blankets, provisions, &amp;c., when our men hastily pursued and made a large number of prisoners.

Company K, detached as stated above, had been ordered to join the main body, but failing to find it, fell in with the Second Minnesota and participated in the action of the left wing of said regiment.

The strength of our regiment during this action was 3 staff officers, 1 staff bugler, 21 company and 93 non-commissioned officers, 505 privates, and 8 buglers.

GEO. H. HARRIES,

Adjutant Ninth Regiment Ohio Volunteers.

Colonel ROBERT L. McCOOK,

Ninth Ohio, Commanding Third Brigadier, First Div., Dept. of the Ohio.

Numbers 10. Report of Colonel Samuel P. Carter, commanding Twelfth Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH BRIGADE,Somerset, Ky., January 30, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of the First and Second Tennessee and Twelfth Kentucky Regiments Volunteers in the engagement of the 19th instant

On the morning of the 17th January, 1862, I left Somerset, Ky., with the First and Second East Tennessee Regiments, and proceeded to the crossing of Fishing Creek, on the Columbia road. Leaving the regiments at the crossing, I proceeded the Logan's Cross-roads and reported to your in person. Late on the evening of the 17th I ordered up the Tennessee regiments to Logan's, and by 8 o'clock p.m. they were bivouacked at the junction of the roads leading to Somerset and to Mill

