
Springs. Captain Wetmore's battery, of two howitzers and two Parrott guns, joined me at Logan's on the 18th, having made a forced march over the deep roads and under a drenching rain from Somerset. My troops were exposed to the rain and inclemency of the weather on Saturday night, without shelter and without the usual rations and without tents. The rapid rise of Fishing Creek prevented the regimental wagons from crossing. Notwithstanding their uncomfortable condition for forty-eight hours, they formed in line of battle on Sunday morning with alacrity to meet the enemy. In compliance with your orders, the two Tennessee regiments and the Twelfth Kentucky were formed by me on the left of your line, so as to protect the road leading to Somerset from Mill Springs, in supporting distance of the center and right wing of the army. Captain Wetmore's battery of four pieces was stationed on the right of the line, where it was efficiently worked, throwing shot and shell into the lines of the enemy. Subsequently two pieces of this battery were moved to the left of the line, to assist in protecting that wing from any advance of the enemy on the road from Mill Springs which comes into the Somerset road east of the encampment of the Tenth Indiana Regiment.

Soon after these positions were taken by the Tennessee and Twelfth Kentucky Regiments I received from one of your aides information that the enemy was advancing through the woods and not on the road we were guarding. The brigade was immediately advanced to meet him. After reaching the woods the three regiments were closed in on the enemy's right, the First Tennessee deployed into the field, pressing the enemy's right up the hill, firing at him and capturing some prisoners, among whom was Lieutenant-Colonel Carter, of the Twentieth (rebel) Regiment of Tennessee. In this advance the Twelfth Kentucky, which was on the extreme left of the line, had a brisk skirmish with a part of the enemy's forces and captured several prisoners. The Second East Tennessee Regiment also came up with and captured several of the enemy.

In the pursuit of the enemy, and by your order, the Tennessee regiments took the right of the line in the advance, and maintained that position during the rest of the day. At 3.30 p.m. the brigade arrived at the foot of Moulden's Hill. Here the enemy was expected to make a stand. Wearied by a long march and without provisions during the day, the gallant men of the Twelfth Brigade advanced to the top of the hill with intrepidity and spirit, but the enemy had abandoned this important height, which commanded his fortified camp about three-fourths of a mile on the opposite hills. The artillery was brought up immediately, and the Parrott guns of Captain Wetmore threw shells with great precision into the enemy's works.

After cannonading until dark, the men lay on their arms on Moulden's Hill all night, impatient for the renewal of the combat. Early on Monday morning Watmore's Parrott guns were again placed in position near your headquarters, Russell's house, and by the precision of their fire burned or compelled the enemy to burn his steamboat, which had been used for some time as a ferry-boat, and commissary stores on the south side of the river. In the advance on the entrenched camp on Monday morning the Tennessee regiments entered the enemy's works on the left of his line, and much to their surprise found the works deserted. The position assigned the First and Second East Tennessee Volunteers on the extreme left of your line, and the enemy making no attempt in force on that flank, these regiments did not come into the hottest part of the combat, but the discipline exhibited in their movements on the field,

7 R R-VOL VII

