
their eagerness to engage the enemy, the spirit evinced in the pursuit, and the indomitable perseverance that carried them at the close of the day to the top of Moulden's Hill in hope of meeting the enemy, deserve my highest commendation, and prove that the expectations formed by their friends of their valor in battle will not be disappointed.

To the field and company officers of the regiments of the brigade I am much indebted for the zeal and gallantry displayed by them in the management of their several department on the march and on the field.

My thanks are especially due to my aide, Lieutenant T. J. Tipton, for gallant and efficient services on the field. Captain M. C. Garger, brigade quartermaster, volunteered to serve on my staff as aide, and rendered me important service, carrying my messages (one of them under the severest fire of the enemy's line) all day Sunday and Monday.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. CARTER,

Acting Brigadier-General, Commanding Twelfth Brigade.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding First Division, Department of the Ohio.

Numbers 11. Report of Colonel William A. Hoskins, Twelfth Kentucky Infantry.
HDQRS. TWELFTH REGIMENT KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS,Waitsborough, January 26, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to the order of Brigadier General G. H. Thomas, of this date, I respectfully submit the following report of the humble part performed by the Twelfth Regiment of Kentucky Volunteers, under my command, in the engagement of Logan's fields on the 19th instant, as also on the subsequent day, in the storming the fortifications at Beech Grove

On the night of the 17th my regiment joined the forces under command of Brigadier General G. H. Thomas at Lee's fields, and bivouacked in a lot on the Columbia and Somerset road, opposite the encampment of the Ninth Ohio, my men having waded Fishing Creek on their march from Somerset. Here we remained through the day and night of the 18th, exposed to the excessive rains without shelter, we having been ordered to move without our camp equipage.

On the morning of the 19th, at about 6 o'clock, we were alarmed by the report of musketry, when my regiment was immediately formed, and notwithstanding it was much reduced in numbers from forced marches and necessary exposure in the performance of picket duty with insufficient clothing (never having drawn their overcoats until a few weeks since), yet no sooner had they received the news of the approach of the enemy than they seemed to grasp their guns with a firmer hold, evincing a determination to discharge their duty as soldiers and Kentuckians.

After awaiting orders a short time, becoming impatient and fearing we had been overlooked in the excitement of the moment, and seeing the Ninth Ohio moving out by the Columbia and Somerset road, I determined to move on to the point of conflict by a more direct line through the fields and woods, and so soon as the Ninth Ohio had passed my regiment was moved out on double-quick, reaching Logan's house in advance of the Ninth Ohio. (Logan's house was on a direct line from

