1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A bill to continue the improvement of the Des
Moines and Rock river rapids, on the upper Mis-
sissippi; and
A bill to establish the office of surveyor general
for the Territory of Utah, and to grant lands to
actual settlers.
Mr. CASS gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill for making appropriations
for deepening the channel over the St. Clair flats;
and also for deepening the channel in the St.
Mary's river, both being in the State of Michigan.
Mr. BRODHEAD gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill establishing a com-
mission for the examination and adjustment of
private claims.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, offered the following res-
olution:
Rcsolvea, Thai the committees which were authorized
atthf Ian -e.-sion of the Senate to appoint clerks bp, and
they hereby are, authorized 10 appoint clerks daring tile
present session, wiio shall receive the same per (iiein com-
pensation as was paid to them at the last session.
Mr. PETTIT. Let the Senator strike out
"perdiem." I move to strike it out. Thatwill
make the resolution read: " The same compensa-
tion as was paid to them at the last session." I
hope the Senator from Iowa will accept that.
Mr. ADAMS. If I understand the proposition
of the Senator from Indiana, it would give these
clerks for this session the same pay which they
received last year for an eight months' session.
Mr. PET1 IT. t certainly do not wish to give
them the same total pay for a short session which
they received for a long one. Let the resolution
read: " the same per diem and percentage." That
will cover the difficulty. I offer that amendment.
Mr. CASS. Before I vote on the question I
ehould like (o know what the pay is.
Mr. ADAMS. Six dollars a day, I think.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. It was four dollars.
Mr. CASS. That is the daily pay; but what
is the percentage?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Twenty per cent.
Mr. EVANS. I think the pay is five dollars a
day.
Mr. STUART. If the words per diem be
stricken out, as proposed by the Senator from In-
diana, the resolution would clearly give these clerks
the same amount of compensation which they re-
ceived at the last session. That, I understand, is
the amendment which the Senator from Indiana
proposes.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. He liaa modified his
proposition bo as to provide for giving them the
increased percentage allowed at the last session.
That is all.
Mr. BROWN. I must object to the insertion
of the word "percentage." It was allowed at
the last session for special reasons then assigned;
and, if the same reasons apply again, it can, and
no doubt will, be paid at this session. I should
much prefer not to see it provided for so early as
this.
Mr. BRODHEAD. We should say nothing
about percentage in this resolution, because a
committee was appointed at the last session on
whose recommendation, I believe, the per diem
pay of committee clerks was raised from four dol-
lars to six dollars. They receive six dollars, and
no percentage.
Mr. PETTIT. If the Senator will allow m'e
to correct him, I will do so.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Certainly.
Mr. PETTIT. The per diem is fixed at five
dollars, and a percentage of twenty per cent, was
allowed on that, making six dollais altogether.
That is the pay—five dollars daily, with twenty
per cent, additional.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, I am opposed
to the resolution as it stands, though I do not pro-
pose to object to its immediate consideration. I
think the appointment of clerks to committees has
grown to be a great abuse in the Senate, and needs
reformation. At the last session of the Senate,
committee clerks were appointed under general
rule; clerks were allowed to all committees of six
members. Under that provision, a clerk was
assigned to the committee of which you, Mr.
President, had the honor to be chairman, and I
had the honor to be a member. I have no doubt
that, under ordinary circumstances, it is a very
useful committee, but I think we had but one
meeting during the whole of the last long: session
of Congress. We paid for a clerk during eight
months, and had but one meeting of the commit-
tee. I think a clerk was assigned to the Com-
mittee on Agriculture. I am not aware how many
meetings that committee had, but I am quite con-
fident it never made a report.
Mr. PRATT. One report I recollect.
Mr. CHASE. I was not aware of it.
Mr. ALLEN. I will correct the honorable Sen-
ator. I was on that committee, and I can say
that several reports were made, and some of them
were very long ones. Besides, the clerk was em-
ployed only for a part of the time, and not for the
whole session.
Mr. CHASE. I am very glad to hear that
there was some care exercised in that respect.
If, however, in that case the clerk to the Commit-
tee on Agriculture was appointed for only a lim-
ited term, it was an exceptional case, lam certain
as to the other committee of which I spoke.
Now, sir, it is perfectly right that there should
be clerks for the most important committees of
the Senate. It is quite important that there should
be a clerk to the Committee on Finance, for ex-
ample. The Senatorfrom Virginia [Mr. Hunter]
can answer for that. When a chairman of a com-
mittee states upon his personal responsibility that
a clerk is necessary for his committee, I have no
doubt the Senate will cheerfully award a clerk to
that committee. So in the ease of the Committee
on Claims, of which I have also the honor to be
a member. 1 have no doubt my friend, the chair-
man of that committee, would be willing to state
at once to the Senate that he believes a clerk to be
necessary to the business of the committee. It is
only for these public considerations, in my judg-
ment, that a clerk ought to be appointed. 1 shall
therefore vote against the resolution in its present
form.
The PRESIDENT. The question is en agree-
ing to the resolution.
Mr. BROWN. Does it include the amend-
ment which was suggested in refefence to per-
centage?
The PRESIDENT. The resolution is now
exactly in the same words in which it was origin-
ally offered by the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. PETTIT. I moved to amend the resolu-
tion—and 1 understood the mover to accept the
amendment—by adding after " per diem compen-
sation" the words " and percentage." It strikes
me that if wo pay percentage at all, the greater
reason exists for paying it at the short session
when the committee clerlis are employed for only
three months, and have to seek employment else-
where during the rest of the year. If a percentage
is to be allowed on their salary, it ought to be at
the short in preference to the long session, if any
distinction be made. I did not think their pay at
the long session was too much.
A few words more, sir. So far as the commit-
tee of which 1 have the honor to be chairman is
concerned,! can say—and 1 believe every member
of that committee will bear evidence of the truth
of the statement—that it would be almost a mat
ter of impossibility for us to get along without a
clerk. The labors of that committee at the last
session were immense, and very laborious. I
believe they made more written reports of bills
than any other committee of this body. Many
of them required lengthy and tedious investiga-
tions; Senators could not get the time to attend to
them, and we employed a clerk of ability and
fitness for the place.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I accepted the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Indiana, under
the impression that the pay of these officers was
four dollars a day. I believe now that it is five
dollars per day, and the twenty per cent, addi-
tional would make it six dollars. To that I agree.
I hope the Senate will pass the resolution as it
stands, and give the clerks five dollars a day, with
twenty per cent, additional, which would make it
six dollars.
Mr. BROWN. With every disposition to vote
for the resolution, I shall be constrained to vote
against it with that amendment. It will be quite
time enough to fix the question of percentage
when the services shall have been performed, and
we shall know more about their necessity.
Mr. PETTIT. As there seems to be a differ-
ence of opinion on the subject, I will withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I believe it
has been the practice in the other House, and in
the Senate, at the termination of each session of
Congress, if these officers have done their duty
well and faithfully to the satisfaction of each
House, to adopt a resolution giving them some
additional pay.
Mr. BROWN. Certainly; that is the usual
course.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Like the
Senator from Mississippi, I shall go in for the
additional pay, which the Senator from Indiana
desires, at the end of the session, provided these
clerks do what they ought to do. I am for the
resolution as offered without amendment. I will
not say that I am for holding the additional com-
pensation in terrorem over them, but I think we
ought to hold it back and pay it to them at the
end if they do right.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I accepted the amend-
ment because I felt confident, as I do now, that
the percentage will be added towards the end of
the session if we do not now allow it. Sir, these
clerks are at the disposal of the committees.
They can be removed at any moment, and when-
ever a clerk fails to do his duty, I have no doubt
the committee to which he is attached will remove
him. I know such will be the casein the com-
mittee over which 1 have the honor to preside,
(the Committee on Pensions,) the duties of which
are very laborious. If our clerk does not do his
duty he will be removed from office, and he
knows it.
I hope we shall commence to pay these clerks
their full compensation now, instead of making
them wait until the end of the session for the per-
centage. The compensation allowed them is
small. In this city, no man who has a family,
(and I have no doubt most of the clerks have
families,) can support it for a year on the small
pittance of six dollarsaday for only three months.
A Senator. The amendment is withdrawn.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I do not allow it to be
withdrawn; I accept it as part of my resolution.
Mr. CHASE. I think the resolution might as
well pass in its present shape, if it pass at all;
for it is only making two bites of a cherry if we
divide it. Our experience here shows perfectly
well that whatever opposition may be offered ori-
ginally to these extra compensations, they are
always allowed in the end, and it is almost useless
to make any opposition to them whatever. I am
opposed to the resolution itself on the ground
which I stated. I think that the practice of allow-
ing clerks to committees, except where the chair-
man of a committee comes into the Senate, and,
on his personal responsibility as such chairman,
states that a clerk is necessary for his committee,
is wrong, and inevitably leads to abuse. If, how-
ever, we determine to continue the committee
clerks generally, 1 think we might as well fix at
the outset the amount of compensation which they
are to receive. It is better and fairer.
Mr. BROWN. I move to strike out the words
" and percentage," bo as to leave these clerks five
dollars a day.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I wish to make one
remark m answer to the Senator from Ohio. If
the members of the Committee on Pensions
were faithfully to perform the laborious duties
which they would have to perform if they had no
clerk, I do not believe they could attend to their
duties here one half the time, for they would be
necessarily compelled to occupy the time in the
committee room drawing up reports, and doing
the clerical duties which the clerk does for them.
1 hope the resolution will pass as 1 have offered it.
I am in favor of allowing the committee clerks,
as we have allowed the clerks in the Departments,
additional compensation, particularly as the bus-
iness of the committees has increased in late
years.
Mr. CHASE. The remark of the Senatorfrom
Iowa does not answer the objection which I made.
I concede that whenever the chairman of a com-
mittee desires a clerk for the duties of his com-
mittee, the Senate ought to appoint one; but this
resolution proposes to continue all the clerks to
the committees who had them at the last session;
and I have shown to the Senate that, in one case
at least, a clerk was appointed for a committee
that met but once during the whole session.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I think that is wrong.
Mr. BUTLER. I concur very much in the
views taken by th.e honorable Senator from Ohio.
