8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury on
the state of the finances.
On motion by Mr. CLINGrMAN, the reading
of the communication was dispensed with, and
the report was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES TO UTAH.
Mr. BERNHISEL, by unanimous consent of
the House, introduced the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
instructed to inquire into tile expediency of refunding to
the Territory of Utah the expenses incurred by said Ter-
ritory in suppressing Indian hostilities in the year 1853;
and that said committee report by biii or otherwise.
There being no objection, the question was put;
and the resolution was adopted.
COLT PATENT INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to ofl'er the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the committee raised by (he resolution
adopted by the House of Representatives, oh the 10th of
January last, be continued, and cbaryt'd with the same
powers and duties as at the last session of Congress.
Several Members. What committee is it?
Mr. LETCHER. It is the committee on the
Colt patent case.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. LETCHER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
THE CALIFORNIA LAND COMMISSION.
Mr. LATHAM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, entitled " An act to continue in force for a
limited time the provisions of the net of Congress
of 5ih March, 1851, and the second section of its
supplement of 18th January, 1§. 4, so as to enable
the board of land commissioners in California to
close their adjudications of private land titles in
that State, and for other purposes;" which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Fublic Lands.
THE TEXAN BOUNDARY ACT.
Mr. SMYTH, of Texas, on leave, introduced
a bill supplemental to an act entitled " An act pro-
posing to the State of Texas the establishment of
a northern and western boundary; the relinquish-
ment, by the State, of all territory claimed by her
exterior to said boundaries, and of all her claims
on the United States, and the establishment of a
territorial government for New Mexico," ap-
proved September 9, 1850; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
IMPROVEMENT OF MOBILE BAY".
Mr. PHILLIPS, on leave, introduced a bill, of
which previous notice had been given, making a
further appropriation for continuing the improve-
ment of Mobile bay; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. ENGLISH. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution of
inquiry:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
that no patent issue for land entered into tinder the aet of
last session " to graduate and reduce llie price of the public
lands " to actual settleis and cultivators, except on satis-
factory proof that said land has been in the actual posses-
sion and cultivation of the person appi} mg for such patent
for a period of three years, beginning within sixty (Jay.- frutn
the date of entry, or tiiat such person has been in the ac-
tual possession or cultivation of ail adjoining farm or plan-
tation for the same peiiod.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I desire to give notice to
the House that when the substitute which was
offered yesterday by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Dawson,] in lieu of the Senate
bill for the disposition of the public lands by set-
tlement, comes up for the consideration of the
House, I will offer an amendment to it. If the
House will grant its consent, I desire to have the
amendment printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
CO®®-. * ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice has been given. It is a slight modification
of a bill that was passed at the last session.
The bill was then read the first and second time
by its title, as follows, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, viz.:
A bill to amend an act approved the 4th of
August, 1854, entitled an act to graduate and
reduce the price of public lands to actual settlers
and cultivators.
HARBOR AT REEDY ISLAND.
Mr. CHANDLER, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced a bill " making appropriations
for completing the shelter or harbor at Reedy
Island in the river Delaware;" which was read
the first and second time by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SOLLERS. I desire to say that upon the
proper occasion I will introduce the resolution
which I offered yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The resolution referred to
by the gentleman will not come up tinder the
rules, until all the States shall have been called—
the other States not having had their turn.
Mr. ROGERS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the followingresolution,
and upon it I demand the previous question:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, if not inconsistent with the public interest, tocoin-
municatc, at his earliest convenience, to this House all tin:
correspondence between this Government and our Minis-
ter at tile Spanish court in relation to the Lopez expedition,
and the persons engaged therein.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will lie over
under the rules, unless by the unanimous consent
of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
DUTIES ON RAILROAD IRON.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and upon it I demand the previous question.
The resolution was then read, as follows: ■
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to report a bill ieducing the duties on railroad
iron or allowing a credit thereon.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
The SPEAKER. The ruie referred to by the
Chair does not apply to this resolution, aa it is
not i\ resolution calling for information from any
of the Departments.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
resolution upon the table.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Upon that question, I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were 
yens 97, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS—33Wrs. Appleton, David J. Bailey, Barry, Belch-
ei, Bonnettj Hreckiniidgc, bridges, Campbell, Carpenter,
Carutliprs, Chandler, G'orwin, Cox, Crocker, Dawson
Dick, Dickinson, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Everiiart,
Farley, Faulkner, Flakier, Florence, Franklin, Fuller,
Gamble, Goodrich, Goodwin,Grey, Grow, Hamilton, Aaron
Harlan, Wiley P. Harris, Ilaven, Hibbard, [liefer, Hill-
yer, Ilousimi, Ilowe, Hunt, IngcrsolJ, Johnson, Daniel T.
Johps, Geoige W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kittred^e,
Kurtz, Lamb, Lccher, McCulloch, Macdonald. Matteson
Meacham, Middleswauh, Morgan, Murray, Peck, Pen'
mngton. Bishop Perkins, Phelps?, Pratt, Pringle, Riddle
David Ritchie, Hobbins, Rowe, Russell, Sabm/sSage, Sapp'
Seymour, Shannon, Shower, Simmons, Skelton, George
W. Smyth, Richard II. Stanton, Stratton, Sfraub, John J
Taylor, John L. Taylor, Teller, Thuiston, Tracy, Trout
Tweed, Upham, Vansant, Wade, Walker, Walley Israel
Washburn, Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler, Witte and
Ilemlrick B. Wright—97. '
NAYS—Messrs WillisAllen,ThomasII. Bayly, Banks,
Barksdale, Bliss, Bocoek, Boyce, Ca«kie, Chastain, Alms-
man, Clark, Chngman, Cobb, Colquitt, Craige, Cullom
John G. Davis, Thomas Daws, Dovvdcll, Dunbar, East-
man, Edgerton, Edmurukon, JSlli&on, English, ronton
Goode, Green,Greenwood, Harrison,Hastings, Henn,Hill'
Ken. Knox. Latham, Lewis, Lindley, Lindslpy, McMul-
len, Mace, Macy, Maxwell, Mayall, Millson, Noble, Olds,
Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Parker, John Perkins, Phillips,
Ready, Richardson, Rogers, Ruffin. Siiaw, Singleton, Wil-
liam bmith, William R. Smith, Soliers, Fiod^rick P Stan
ton, Hestnr I, Stevens, Andrew Stuart, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Walbridgc, Warren, Ellihu B. Washbume, John
v\ entwonh, W estbrook, and Zollicoffer—71.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was laid upon the
table, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
CLERICS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. DISNEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
i\3Sil"A3' That "?e c,erits authorized be employed by
the standing committees at the last session be conuimed
during the present session. ue"
Mr. RICHARDSON. As perhaps this is the
most favorable time I shall get, 1 desire to make
a proposition to give the Committee on Territories
a clerk for a part of this session.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 propose to debate the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. Under the rule, the resolu-
tion must then go over.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. GREY. I wish to give notice that to-
morrow, or some subsequent day, 1 shall ask leaye
to introduce a bill providing for a grant of lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad from some
point upon the Rio Grande near El Passo through
to the Pacific ocean.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. I desire to give
notice that to-morrow, or some subsequent day, I
shall ask leave introduce a bill for the modification
or repeal of the naturalization laws.
MILEAGE.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 desire to give notice that
unless the Committee on Mileage shall not report
very soon upon the bill which was referred to that
committee in relation to the equalization of the
pay or mileage of members of Congress, I shall in-
troduce a new bili in relation to that subject.
NATIONAL AGRICULTURAL SCHOOL.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois, ofiered the
following resolution:
Resolved, That tile Committee on Agriculture inquire
into the expediency of establishing a National Agricultural
School, upon the same principle with the National Naval
and Military Schools, to have one scholar, educated at the
public expense, from each eongre^iomil district, and to be
established m connection uith the Smithsonian Institution
so as the better to carry out the object of its founder.
Mr. McMULLIN. I propose to debate that
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will then go
over, under the rule.
MILITARY ROADS TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. RICHARDSON gave notice that to-mor-"
row, or on some future day, he would ask leave
to introduce a bill for the construction of a military
road through the Territories of Kansas-and Wash-
ington ;
Also, a bill for the construction of a military
road through the Territories of Kansas, Utah,
and Oregon;
Also, a bill for the construction of a military
road through the Territories of Kansas and New
Mexico.
MILITARY ROAD IN KEBRASX5A AND IOWA.
IV-ir. offered the following resolution;
which was read, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of construct^ a
military road from Council Bluffs, Iowa, to New Fork
Kearney, in the Territory of Nebraska.
On motion by Mr. LANCASTER, it was
Ordered, Thai th'e Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union be discharged ftum the timber consideration
or a bill entitled A bid for the construction of military
roads in the Territories of Nebraska and Kansas," and that
the same be referred to the Committee on Territories.
On motion by Mr. HAVEN, it was
a?ar^fr,td\7lm !fve be Sauted to withdraw from the
flies of the House the petition and papers of Rosvvell V¥.
Hasltins, for the purpose of reference in the Senate.
COMMITTEE ON SMITHSONIAN FUJiD.
Mr. CHAIN DLER offered the following reso-
lution:
Resohed, That the special committee to whom, at the
last session of Congress, was leferred the suhi.-ct of the in-
vestment of the funds of the Smithsonian Institution bo
continued with its powers and dimes. '
The SPEAKER. With the permission of the
House, the Chair would remark that all the select
committees appointed at the last session expired,
as a matter of course, with the last session. If
not objected to, a general order will be entered to
continue those committees which did not report
in fail at the last session.
Mr. ROWE. I object.
The SPEAKER. The question will then be
upon the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
The question was taken; and the resolution
was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was here received from the Senate,
