1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB£.
9
by Asbury Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, in-
forming the House that the Senate had elected the
Hon. Jesse D. Bright as President pro tempore
of that body.
IMPORTATION OP FOREIGN PAUPERS.
Mr. SOLLERS gave notice that to-morrow, or
on some future day, he should ask leave to intro-
duce a bill to prevent the importation of passenger
paupers and convicts.to the United States, and to
increase the revenues of the United States;
• Also, a bill to prevent the enlistment of persons
of foreign birth in the Navy and Army of the
United States.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs leave to re-
mind the House that, notice of intention to ask
leave to introduce bills may be sent to the Clerk-'s
desk, and will be entered by him. It would be
more convenient to hand the notice to the Clerk,
and it would save the time of the House.
Mr. HAMILTON. I would inquire of the
Chair if Maryland is now being called for resolu-
tions?
The SPEAKER. It is.
AMERICAN MINISTERS AT OSTEND.
Mr. SOLLERS. Is this the proper time to call
up the resolution I offered yesterday?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SOLLERS. I ask that the resolution may
be read.
The resolution was reported, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the Qniu-d States inform
this House, if not incompatible with the public interest,
what was the object or objeetsof the meeting or conference
of the American ministers at Ostend, ami whether the saiii
meeting or confeieneo was til obedience to instructions of
the Secretary of fttnte ; what the said instructions were,
and what was the result of the said meeting or conference.
Mr. SOLLERS. I wish it to be distinctly un-
derstood that, in offering the resolution, I had not
the slightest desire, upon the face of the eatth, to
find any fault with the Administration, or with
these foreign ministers abroad, who met in solemn
conclave atOstend. It will be timeenough forme
to find fault with their action when I know what
that action is. If I ever felt any disposition to
strilcea blow at this Administration, surely it was
not at the moment of its weakness. In the ring,
it is a point of honor not to strike a fallen foe;
and, although I do not love this Administration, I
do most sincerely pity it; and if I do not admire
it, 1 have compassion for it. If I cannot help it,
God knows I shall not kick it.
In offering the resolution I had not the slightest
design of finding fault with what these gentlemen
have done, in meeting at Ostein), or with what
they have recommended to the President. 1 have
presented the resolution, I confess, ir. order to
satisfy the curiosity which is almost general, from
one end of the country to the other, to ascertain
the precise purpose for which these gentlemen did
meet at Ostend.
It will be conceded on all hands that the move-
ment is a most unprecedented one. From the
foundation of this Government to the present time,^
with this single exception, no such meeting of
American ministers has taken place in any part
of Europe. And, Mr. Speaker, when we con-
sider the peculiar character of him whom it is
said is at the bottom of this matter; when it is
known that our Minister at Madrid is understood
to be the person who cailed this conference, just
and well-founded suspicions may exist in the
minds of the people of the United States in regard
not only to the practice, but the dangerous char-
acter of that conference. I myself do not aver
that it was dangerous. I do not say that it will
jeopardize the people, or the Government of the
United States; but! denounce if as unprecedented.
It has, andean have only one tendency, if left
unexplained; and that is to create against us the
bad feeling and distrust of every foreign Govern-
ment t<"> whom we have sent an accredited minis-
ter. There is not a man within the sound of my
voice who does not know that this meeting is
unprecedented in American history, and who will
not agree with me that, unless some action be
taken by us, we may be justly charged with a dis-
position to aggrandize by making aggressions on
foreign territory. It may be well thought that this
^ movement has for its objectsome new aggression,
some new filibuster movement calculated to bring
"about discord and war between foreign Govern-
ments and our own. I hope and trust that such
may not be the object for which these gentlemen
met in solemn conclave at Ostend. I hope that
they met out of some good, pure, and patriotic
motive. But at all events give us light. Let us
know what was the object.
Now, will the friends of the Administration
withhold from the people of the United States the
information in respect to this matter which they
have the right to, and which they do demand ?
The day of secret diplomacy has gone by. It is
not in accordance with the character of-the Ameri-
can Government. The people of the United States
demand to know what has been done by those to
whom tl.ey have confided the authority of repre-
senting them abroad. And I ask now that the
President of the United States shall cause to be
communicated to this House the object for which
these gentlemen met at Ostend, and what they did
when assembled.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I
regret very much that my friend from Maryland
has introduced the resolution now before the
House at so early a period of the session. I can-
not help thinking that it is premature. I differ
entirely with the gentleman m saying that there
was anything to alarm the country in this meet-
ing of our ministers at Ostend, if, indeed, any
such meeting actually took place. On the con-
trary, sir, considering the condition of affairs in
Europe, the unsettled condition of the foreign re-
lations of every nation upon the face of the earth,
I believe, to be general in the expression of my
opinion, that there is not one which is not disturbed
in its foreign affairs, and prosperous and successful
as we have been in this respect, still our foreign
horizon is not entirely cloudless.
The gentleman from Maryland said that the
meeting of these ministers at Ostend, if, indeed,
such a meeting has actually taken place, is unpre-
cedented. I think, although the gentleman may
be technically right in his remark, that he is not
so in the spirit of the intercourse which has here-
tofore taken place between the representatives of
the United States abroad. It has not at all been
unusual for them to confer with each other—I mean
by actual visits one to the other; and so far from
its being unusual for them to confer with each
other by writing, it is a part of their instructions
to do so. They are required to keep each other
constantly informed of what is going on at the
respective courts to which they are accredited.
And if they are required, in written communica-
tions, to keep themselves informed as to what is
going on at the respective courts where they are,
what impropriety can there be, in place of that
sort of information which written communications
would give, that they should meet at some con-
venient spot and talk matters over, to compare
views, ntid to do so with that freedom which is
more easily indulged in conversation than in offi-
cial communications?
My opinion, sir, is that the resolution is pre-
mature. I am not prepared to say whether it is a
resolution that this House could safely pass, or
not; but I do say that the character of the mes-
sage of the President, which was sent yesterday
! to the two Houses of Congress, ought to disarm
the gentleman of any distrust as to the conserva-
tism in respect to ourforeign affairs. I think that
message is eminently conservative. I admire it,
because, being conservative myself in respect to
oar foreign relations, I am glad to find that I shall
be able to coidially cooperate with the President
in the views which be has expressed.
I did not hear the Committee on Foreign Affairs
announced. I do r.ot know, even, that I am chair-
man of it. 1 suppose, however, that it is some-
what of the composition that it was at the last
session. If so, I think they gave to the House
evidence that they are conservative; at any rate,
I hope my friend will have no objection to trust
that committee with that resolution; and I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs.
At the call of several gentlemen, the resolution
was*again read.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, when the resolution was introduced yesterday,
I voted against it for the reason that I deemed it
premature. At that time I had not heard themes-
sage from the President, which I supposed would
give a full and fair expose of our relations with
foreign Governments.
Now, with the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly,] I heartily indorse that message. It is
from a President for whom I voted. Looking to
the foreign policy set forth in it, I congratulate
myself in having voted for Franklin Pierce. The
message is a conservative one, and which Whiga
ought to approve of. I am glad to know that it
is generally approved of by the Democratic party.
Mr. Speaker, it only remains for Democrats to
act up to their professions. The President has
made his proposition. We acknowledge its cor-
rectness, and consequently ought to sustain him.
Were the presidential election to come off to-raor-
row, notwithstanding the many isms prevailing in
our midst, he, in my judgment, would be defeated
who proposed that we should pursue any other
than the foreign policy set forth in the message of
yesterday.
Now, we hear certain reports in relation to our
men abroad; we see certain documents from our
men abroad; we hear of their writing addresses to
foreign Governments, telling them what they
should do and what they should not do. Now,
sir, I do not know whether these documents are
true or false. It may be that they are forgeries.
I hope for the credit of the Government that they
are forgeries. It is the duty of the President of
the United States to inquire whether they are or
not. I presume he has inquired, and from the
fact that he has not dismissed these men, and from
the fact that he has sent to us the documents just
transmitted, 1 have no doubt that they are all
forgeries. I have no doubt that they are all false
—false as the credit of the Government requires
that they should be.
Now, sir, 1 represent a constituency that is
made up more or less of foreign population. They
have occasion very frequently to visit their homes
abroad, and it is for their interest when they go
there—it is for their interest that we should have
men at the head of our foreign diplomacy who
take no direct interest in foreign Governments—
who are engaged in no intrigues to upset those
Governments. It is important that we should have
men who are doing all they can to elevate the
character and strengthen our own Government
abroad. I wish to have it in my power to tell my
constituents, when they want passports to go
abroad, that those passports will protect them.
When they get into trouble abroad, and appeal to
our ministers there, we should have such ministers
as are sagacious, judicious, and prudent men,
men who can have an influence at the courts to
which they are sent, and who can protect our
citizens when they are in trouble. At the same
time I would caution my constituents when they
go abroad, to mind their own business and to let
foreign Governments and foreign affairs alone.
But I am sorry to see—I do not know why it
is—that there is a sort of timidity in reference to
emigration from this country. Men are afraid;
they are afraid of danger somewhere. I know
not the cause of it. I hope it ia ungrounded. But
considering the state of prosperity in which this
country now is, I do think that we ought to try,
with all the energies in our power, to maintain
pacific relations with all the nations in the world,
while, at the same time, we guard all our rights
with jealous care.
But, under the circumstances, Mr. Speaker, I
am not for agitating this matter at this early day
in the session. 1 hope, when our diplomats
abroad see the message of the President of the
United States, if they differ frcm him in his views,
they will come right home, attend to the affairs of
this Government, and let foreign Governments
alone. If they agree with the President in his
views, I hope they will try to strengthen them-
selves with the Governments to which they are
sent, and do all they can to preserve honorable
and pacific relations between those Governments
and our own. _ -
But as the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bay-
ly] says that his committee is eminently con-
servative in its character, and as I know, that if
we do get into trouble with any foreign Govern-
ment the blow will strike Old Virginia before it
will the country which I represent, I shall vote
for his motion to refer the resolution to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, as the most proper
direction we can give it.
Mr. GREY. This is a resolution asking for
information merely. Its phraseology is such that
the President will not be compelled to communi-
cate any information that he shall deem to be det-
