10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
rimental to trie public interest. Now, sir, there
is deep interest felt, and a great anxiety through-
o«t the country to know something of the objects
off that congress of our ministers recently held
in Bas-ope. ! t is thought to b® something unusual
iti the political history of our Government for our
ministers at foreign eourts to invite each other to
assemble as a congress or convention at some
point abroad, and there to determine among them-
selves what shall be our policy with regard to
foreign Governments; because, Mr. Speaker, it
has heretofore been regarded that our ministers
Abroad were not to determine and act on their own
judgment, but to act upon, and in conformity to,
written instructions from the Administration then
in power. I do not intend to be understood as
censoring the conduct of our ministers abroad.
I have the utmost confidence in some of them; but
I think circumstances have j-jstnow causedagen-
eiral interest and anxiety to know something in
relation to that recent assemblage in Europe of our
diplomatists. We have recently seen in the
papers, in different Governments of Europe, and
in this country, articles disapproving that meeting
in strong terms, and denouncing, as filibustering,
certain letters, communications, and addresses that
have been published abroad, and purporting to
nave been written asid published by gentlemen
who have been sent there as appointees of this
Administration.
Now, sir, I do not know that these articles
were written by the gentleman to whom they have
been attributed. I do not know that the articles I
have seen, purporting to have been written'and
published by our consul at Liverpool, were written
by him, or that those publications, said to have
ben written by our secretaries of legation, were
written by them_. I do not know that the com-
munications which are charged as having been
published by our Minister at Madrid were pub-
lished by him, or that conduct and public expres-
sions—which have been characterized as very ob-
jectionable and filibustering—attributed to him,
were properly charged to him. I do not know that
the charges which I have heard as to the objects
of that congress, which, it is said, has been held,
are true. But, sir, 1 can see no possible objection
to giving to this House, and to this nation, the
information sought by the resolution, especially
when it is couched m such guarded terms. Sir,
are his friends afraid to trust to the discretion of
the President? Let the resolution be passed, and
no injury can result from it, because it gives to the
President a discretionary power. He will still
have full discretion as to what he shall communi-
cate. Jf he shall refuse to communicate what we
ought to know, weshall&iditout, sooner or later,
and then he will receive merited rebuke for with-
holding information he ought to have communi-
cated. But I have full confidence that, if thereso-"
lution be passed, he will communicate at once to
the House, in full, all the information in his pos-
session In relation to the subjects to which the
resolution refers, and it will be very gratifying to
the nation to receive it.
Sir, there are, juBt at this time, peculiar circum-
stances which induce suspicions and anxieties to
know something definite upon this subject. No
member of this House can pass through his dis-
trict without being interrogated as to the object of
that assemblage of our ministers abroad, and
about that " Greytown affair," as it is called.
Only a few months since, our Minister to " Cen-
tral America" happened, by accident, to be at Grey-
town when there was a iow—or what the French
call an " cutfulct' but what we in Kentucky would
style a "free fight"—gang on with a mob party,
composed of persons of all nations, speaking all
languages, and of all sorts of colors and complex-
ions. Our Minis-er became involved in it, and
was wounded. He then established over Grey-
town a sort of fetand.ng army, and hastened on to
this city. The next news was that our Govern-
ment was waging a most successful naval war
against Greytown, the result of which will be a
cast of perhaps a million or more to our Govern-
ment. Now, sir, had our Minister then been at
his headquarters in " Central America," to which
he bad been sent, our people might, perhaps, have
been much better off for it.
We have, since this " Greytown affair,'' heard
much of what has been termed "filibustering "
pwbhc&tions from some of our officials in Europe. ;
Itiea cornea this congress of our ministers at I
Ostend. What for? To determine among them-
selves, while in Europe, what shall be the foreign
policy of our Government! Will the President
or Senate, by whom those ministers were ap-
pointed, admit their authority to determine for
themselves matters of such vast importance? If
each minister is to conform to instructions from
iris Government, where was the necessity of their
conference? Who ever heard of the captains,
majors, colonels, and subordinates, while engagsd
inactive duty, holding a conference as to what
they should do, or how arrange the campaign, in
utter disregard of orders from the general in com-
mand? Two of our present ministers [Messrs.
Soule and Belmont] are of foreign birth, and
ought, in my opinion, never to have been ap-
pointed to those positions. I know, sir, there
exists, and justly too, throughout this nation, a
deep feeling of opposition to the appointment of
foreigners to negotiate matters connected with
our foreign affairs. Ko man ought ever to hold
the appointment of minister plenipotentiary from
this to a foreign Government but a native-born
American citizen.
I have no objection to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs having this information; 1 do not doubt
that they would give it to the House, if called on
by the House to do so, but at the same time I op-
pose the motion from the gentleman, [Mr.Bayly,'
to refer this resolution to that committee, because
I do not see any reason why the information
should r.ot be communicated directly to this
House without going through the hands of that
committee, and being transmitted by them, to us,
perhaps not until near the close of the session, to
the House.
The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Went,
worth,] and the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr,
Bayly,] tell us that the resolution is premature at
this early day in the session. Why, sir, I pre-
sume they are not in possession of any facts by
which they can tell whether it is premature or not;
they do not know the facts which the resolution
proposes to bring out, and place in possession of
the House and the country. Or, if they have that
information, the members of this House generally,
have not, but think they ought to have, andthere-
fore we regard the resolution as well-timed. If
those gentlemen think the resolution not coached
in terms sufficiently guarded, I will vote for any
amendment they may suggest to improve it in that
particular.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. If the gentleman
from Kentucky will permit me, I will say, that I
pledge him upon my honor that I do not know
that any such meeting has taken place, and that
I do not knew anythibg that was done if it did
take place.
Mr. GREY. Sir, that is as I supposed. The
gentleman from Virginia knows nothing about it;
1 presume the gentleman from Illinois knows
nothing about it; and yet they say the resolution
calling for information in reference to it is prema-
ture. Well, sir, I think differently; the country
thinks differently; the people want light and in-
formation, and I hope this Democratic Congress
will not withhold it from them.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I said it
was premature to introduce the resolution before
the President's message had been read. Beyond
that I have not committed myself.
Mr. GREY. The President's message has now
been received and read, and gives no information
upon that subject; andl understood thegentleman
from Illinois to say, that he still thought the intro-
duction of the resolution was premature, and
therefore wished to refer it to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs. Well, sir, this is only a three
months' session, and I thmk all the information
we ougnt to be m possession of at all ought to be
communicated to us at the earliest day practi-
cable.
Sir, let gentlemen not deceive themselves, there
is throughout the country an anxiety to know
what lias been going on in Europe recently about
which we have heard and read so many reports,
and been near getting into difficulty with France,
and about which, if we had credited all the tele-
graphic reports and newspapers awar with France
seemed inevitable. Many of these rumors we now
know were untrue, but yet the country docs not
know the truth, therefore this resolution seeks to
haven disclosed. Why,sir,ithasbeen charged that
because of the action of our Minister at Madrid,
and because of the suspicions which had been ex-
cited by that ministerial congress at Ostend, and
because of publications which were charged to
officials of the United States now residing at for-
eign Governments, that the interests of our Gov-
ernment and people are being prejudiced abroad.
Sir, I hope the House will consider that they
are entitled to have this information direct from
the President instead of referring the resolution to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, in order that the
President may communicate it to them, in order
that they may communicate it to us. Mr. Speaker,
let us have the fullest information on this subject
which the President in his wisdom may think we
are entitled to, and let us have it speedily.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Mr. Speaker,
it strikes me that the resolution of the gentleman
from Maryland is such a one as the country had
a right to expect would be offered and adopted by
this House. We know, sir, from common news-
paper report—it is known throughout this country
and throughout Europe—that there has been an
unusual conference of American ministers at Os-
tend; unusual and unprecedented, I believe, not-
withstanding what the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bayly] has said; unprecedented, in fact, in
spirit and in principle. When before in the history
cf this Government has such a conference of min-
isters been called with so much parade and such
a flourish of trumpets? When befoje has there
been such a conference of American ministers on
foreign ground; composed, too, of such materials;
ministers themselves of foreign birth, in a consid-
erable part? Sir, it was unusual in the composi-
tion of that congress, and unusual in the fact of
the congress itself. The country is very reason-
ably anxious and curious upon this subject. The
people desire to know what was the object of that
meeting, and what have been its results, if any.
It seems to me that they have a right to know it.
They want to know if there was any good reason
for transferring the diplomacy of this country
from our own shores to a batch of ministers in a
foreign land. I think that we ought to have what-
ever information there is in the State Department,
or in the possession of the President in reference
to this matter, in order that we may be prepared at
once to express, if there shall be occasion and
necessity in the opinion of the representatives of
the people, our earnest and decided protest against
any such movement, any such conference, any-
such action of American ministers abroad, I have
nothing more to say.
Mr. HILLYER. When this resolution was
introduced yesterday, I voted against it, because
the President's message had not then been re-
ceived; and I was of the opinion that probably
that message might communicate the information
sought by the resolution. The message, however,
was silent on the subject. The information called
for by this resolution ought to be given to the
country. In this country, and with our people,
there can be no necessity for keeping secret a trans-
action of this character, unless the public interest
should require it, and of that the President will
judge. Certainly no consideration of party policy
can require secrecy; and if it did, it ought not to
be tolerated. Public attention has been directed
to this congress at Ostend. Public inquiry ia
everywhere made with regard to its objects and
its results. And I think that this body is the
proper tribunal to call for the information in such
official shape as will give the people full inform-
ation of the whole transaction. I shall support
the resolution.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Mr. Speaker, not intending
to deny the power of the House to make such a
call upon the President as is contained in the
resolution under discussion, I do say that this ad-
mitted po^wer ought to be exercised only in cases
of great interest, and where we have something-
tangible to act on. I do not think that thefrarners
of the Constitution ever intended that this House
should take a leading part in the arrangement or
settlement of our negotiations or relations with
foreign Governments. The practice of passing
such resolutions as this should therefore be dis-
countenanced . There is no substantial predicate
for the action now proposed.
In the first place, what evidence have we that
the meeting at Ostend was directed by any one in 
authority ?
Mr. SOLLERS, (interrupting.) That is the
very point. The resolution makes a specific in-
