1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
quiry of the President to know whether he did
authorize it.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I understand that.
Mr. SOLLERS. That is the very point upon
which the resolution seeks information.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I repeat I understand that
perfectly well, but I do say that it is not consistent
with the dignity of this House, it is not within the
appropriate sphere of its duties that our foreign
relations should be discussed here on every idle
occasion, and our attention challenged in debate
Upon resolutions of inquiry founded merely on
idle rumor, or newspaper gossip. Sir, we ought
to have, as it seems to me, somesubstantial basis to
rest upon. We ought to have some well-grounded
. belief, or some just apprehension that the interests
of the country are jeoparded before we exercise
the high power of intervening in transactions
which the Constitution of the country has mainly
intrusted to the coordinate departments of the
Government.
In the present instance, not only have we no
evidence that the meeting at Ostend was by author-
ity, but it is not even surmised that it resulted in
any action; where is the product; what the bitter
fruit of this terrible assemblage; upon what rests
the cause <if complaint, or the ground of the present
solicitude?
Mr. GREY. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether, if such a meeting was held, and if it was
ordered by the Administration to be held, and if
results have taken place, we ought not to know
what those results are? And how can we know
it better than by calling on the President for
information ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I insist we ought to have
something more than mere suspicion, that some
disaster has occurred, or some great evil is im-
pending over us, something more stable than out-
door rumors, before the power of this House
should be called into action in such a case as this.
But gentlemen declare that there has been great
"curiosity" manifested in several portions of the
country, and that they deeply share in that feeling.
But, sir, we sit here for higher purposes than the
gratification of idle curiosity; nor can we recog-
nize it as a legitimate foundation for legislative
action.
Assuming, Mr. Speaker, that the meeting at
Ostend was held by competent authority, to what
point are we brought? Why, sir, simply that it
was unusual; not unprecedented, but unusual.
Admitting this, and that its novelty has provoked
criticism and speculation, and even excited " curi-
osity " to its lowest depth, will any gentleman on
this floor maintain that, under the peculiar aspect
of European affairs, it would be reprehensible in
the President to direct a'consultative meeting of
any number of our ministers for the better pro-
tection or promotion of our interests? Is a con-
sultation by letter, in itself proper, but dangerous
to the interests of the country when had by word
of mouth? What if such a meeting is unusual?
The question, the only question, should be, is it
wrong? does it invade the rights of others? does
it involve our own? If we are satisfied on these
points, there is no just cause to invoke our inter-
ference. It is gravely intimated that the confer-
ence has given alarm to some European writers.
Let them be alarmed. We need apprehend no in-
jury from that; no, sir, nottheleast. Armed with
nonesty, and acting on principles correct in them-
selves, we may conduct our diplomacy after our
own fashion, and fear should find no place in our
vocabulary.
With these views, Mr. Speaker, I do not feel
called upon to vote for the resolution with the
design of giving it the " go-by." lam willing to
Vote for the motion of my friend from Virginia,
[Mr. Bayly,] to refer it to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs 
Mr. BAYLY, (interrupting.) Will my friend
allow me to say that I certainly did not make the
motion with the view of getting clear of the reso-
lution. I made the motion so that our committee
might, in the first place, be prepared to report to
this House what, after inquiry, our opinion would
be as to the propriety of its action; and I should
report the resolution back again, if it should seem
to us proper to do so.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Do I understand that the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr Bayly] now insists
upon his motion ?
Mr. BAYLY. Yes.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I am perfectly willing to have
the direction indicated by the gentleman'smotion
given to the resolution for the reason I have
already stated.
Mr. LETCHER. I shall vote for this resolu-
tion as it stands, and I should vote for it if some-
thing more were added to it. I am satisfied from the
toneofthepublic journals throughout the country,
from conversation with intelligent citizens among
my own constituents, that there is a distrust to
some extent of our Ministerat Madrid. And, as
far as I am concerned, 1 desire that the facts shall
g® before the country, in order that if that distrust
be unfounded he may have the benefit of the vin-
dication which the publication of these papers will
give to him; and if it be well founded, then the
country ought to know it.
I am, therefore, for procuring the necessary
information to en'able me to decide how this is.
But, says the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Phil-
lips,] you ought never to call for such information
on light occasions. I imagine from what I have
seen of this matter., in the newspapers that it is
about as serious an occasion, about as important
a movement in reference to calls for information,
as any that I have heard directed to the Presi-
dent since I have been a member on this floor.
We had during the last session, and we have had
during preceding sessions, various calls on the
Executive for correspondence and information,
and not one of these calls, in my judgment, was
as important as this is.
But the gentleman says we ought not to call for
information on the mere ground of suspicion.
Well, now, I have known men and I have known
parties to be very seriously injured by suspicions
alone. In fact, it is about as sure a mode to do
injury to men, to excite general suspicion against
their character or conduct—particularly if any
attempt be made to conceal the facts which have
given rise to suspicion. Perhaps it is the very best
mode of inflicting injury to character that can
possibly be adopted.
Now, so far as Mr. Soule is,concerned, my re-
lations with him have been pleasant. I esteem
him as a gentleman. But at the same time, in the
discharge of my duty here, when an issue of this
sort is made, 1 say what I honestly believe; and
I say that I do not think Mr. Soule ought ever to
have been sent abroad; and I believe that the
interest of the country would be promoted by
bringing him home. With the lights now before
us, we do not know how this thing is. If he is
wronged by this suspicion, which I entertain in
common with others, no one will be more ready
to repair that wrong than 1 will be.
Mr. BAYLY. The resolution which my friend
is debating has no reference to Mr. Soule or his
conduct. It does not contain a word about it.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 understand Mr. Soule was
in this congress at Ostend.
Mr. BAYLY. There is not a word said about
Mr. Soule m the resolution.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well; but I take it that
my colleague [Mr. Bayly] knows as well as I do
whom that resolution refers to. Was, or was not,
Mr. Soule there? And if he was not there, how
came up this fuss about his going back through
France? [Laughter.] Now, I understand that he
was there; and when the gentleman [Mr. Bayly]
tells me that Mr. Soule is not mentioned in that
resolution, I ask what difference does that omis-
sion make when everybody knows that,, even |
though he is not mentioned, the resolution as dis- j
tinctly refers to him as if he were? 1 hope, then, j
that the call will be mata, and that we will get the !
information, and that the country will be left to '
judge of tflo propriety or impropriety of the gen-
tleman's [Mr. Soule] course.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It strikes me that this
resolution is a very, harmless affair. It simply
proposes that the President shall communicate to
this House, and to the country, such information
connected with the meeting at Ostend as, in his
judgment, will not be inconsistent with the public
welfare. He is to be left to judge. He is to
decide whether it is proper that the information
asked should be given; and why not, therefore,
let the resolution be adopted ? Every one knows
—as it has been well remarked—that there is per-
vading the country a feeling of suspicion in rela-
tion to this meeting; and that feeling, I have
reason to believe,-is well founded. Does not
every member within the sound of my voice know
that ten millions of dollars were voted out of the
people's Treasury at the last session of Congress,
somewhat hastily, under the Gadsden treaty ?
And do we not all know, that when the honorable'
member from Missouri [Mr. Benton] sought
papers which were necessary for the enlighten-
ment of the House and the public mind, as con-
nected with that matter, that they were refused to
be given, and that we were compelled to legislate
on that subject, as it were, in the dark ? Does
not every member within the sound of my voice
know, too, that the Executive branch of the
Government sought from this House ten millions
of dollars more of the people's money, at the close
of the session; and that that ten millions of dollars
so called for was connected with a proposition to
acquire the Island of Cuba? Was it not openly
avowed on this floor, when we were voting for
the six steam frigates, that one of the objects of
thus increasing the Navy was the acquisition of
Cuba? It is natural enough, under such circum-
stances, that the people should look with a sus-
picious eye upon.such an extraordinary meeting
of our foreign embassadors as that of Ostend.
The honorable gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Phillips] asks how do we know that anything
of this sort occurred? Sir, I tell him that though
this is an age of Know-Nothingism, the people
do Icnow that these things have occurred. They
know what was done at the last session of Con-
gress. They know that there is pervading the
South a general feeling which looks wistfully at
that rich island, and seeks its early acquisition.
The people upon the northern frontier know too
that theje is a deep feeling there, which is looking
towards the annexation of the British Provinces
of North America, as a set off to further acqui-
sitions southward. And hence it is that those
who desire most heartily to preserve an honorable
peace with all the nations of the earth, feel a
sensitiveness in relation to every movement con-
nected with our intercourse with foreign nations,
calculated in any degree to involve us in troubles
such as are now drenching Europe in human
blood. In a Government like this, sir, based as
it is upon public opinion—where the people are
the sovereigns and the rulers—shall it be said
they ought to be kept long in ignorance of the
purpose, when a congress of ministers is well
known to have taken place at Ostend (though not
from any official documents that have been laid
before us, but known by the universally pub-
lished fact all over the world.)
Let me say to the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs that it has been so universally
published, and remains undenied by the accredited
organs of his Administration at home. This I
regard as sufficient information of the fact that
the meeting was held to justify the call for inform-
ation in regard to the objects of the conference?
Will either of the honorable gentlemen point me
to a paragraph in any of the papers recognized as
organsof this Administration in which itisdenied,
that a congress of foreign ministers was held at
Ostend? Under this state of things, that congress
must have assembled for some purpose. No
meeting, under these circumstances, could have
been held without an object. I hold, that it is
due to the people of the United Slates, that the
President shall tell their representatives, if not
inconsistent with the public welfare, under the ex-
isting state of affairs, what the facts are connected
with this meeting of ministers.
I have nothing to say now against the official
conduct of either of these foreign ministers. It
is premature to do so. I cannot say that I indorse
all that my honorable friend from Virginia [Mr.
Letciier] said in relation to our Minister at
Madrid. When we shall have been In possession
of the facts—when the evidence shall have been
disclosed to us in relation to his official career—I
shall endeavor to discharge, fairly and without
prejudice, that duty which as a just juror I shall
owe as well to the country as to the private and
official character of that distinguished man.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 understand the gentleman
from Ohio to say that he would not do as I have
done—condemn the Minister at Madrid without a
hearing. The gentleman misunderstood my re-
mark. I stated distinctly that I, in common with
the country, eiitertained the suspicion that some-
thing was wrong; and that whenever I had inform-
ation hereto guide my conduct, that I would then
decide,upon that information, whether 1 was tight
