12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
or wrong; and if my suspicions were improperly
entertained, that I would cheerfully retractthem,
and do full justice to our Minister at Madrid.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I misunderstood the hon-
orable gentleman to some extent; but my friend
accompanied his remarks with an expression of
his personal dislike to that Minister, which might
tend to prejudice him before the country. I con-
demn no one.
Mi*. LETCHER. Does the gentleman say
that I made an expression of my personal dislike
to our Minister at Madrid ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman said that
he ought never to have been sent there.
Mr. LETCHER. I said that, so far as I was
concerned, my relations with Mr. Soule had been
pleasant, but it was my opinion that he ought
never to have been sent to Spain.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I indorse that myself as
a matter of opinion.
Mr. SOLLERS. If the gentleman from Ohio
will give way, 1 deem it necessary to make a
slight explanation of the resolution which X had
the honor to introduce a short time since. The
honorable gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Phil-
lips] seems to think that the resolution I offered
was contrary to parliamentary usage, and that I
was introducing what he chooses to designate as
an undignified matter—terms which I am not in
the habit of applying to the productions of other
pens and brains. He assigns as a reason why
this resolution should not be adopted, that, accord-
ing to the theory of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, this particular branch of the Govern-
ment has no power over the subject of foreign
affairs. How does it happen, then, that we have
a Committee on Foreign Affairs appointed upon
the part of the House ?
Mr, PHILLIPS. Sofa* from my denying the
power of the House in this matter, I commenced
my remarks by expressly admitting it. I did not
deny the power of the House to pass this resolu-
tion, but I thought that the power in relation to
this subject—which I admitted was in the House
—should not be exercised slightly, and that we
should have something substantial upon which to
act. I beg leave to say to the gentleman that I
made use of no expression that I can now call to
mind which at all reflects either upon the mover
of the resolution, his motives, or the resolution
itself. I said that 1 did not think it was dignified
to offer a resolution which was based merely upon
suspicion-
Mr.SOLLERS. I have heard the explanation
of the honorable gentleman from Alabama, and
nccordine to his rccent statement 
Mr. PHILLIPS. According to my first state-
ment.
Mr. SOLLERS. And according to his first
statement, then, the House has power to pass the
resolution, but such power should not be exer-
cised by the House except upon extraordinary
occasions, or at least, upon occasions when there
was some suspicion which should call for the exer-
cise of such power. 1 appeal to the common sense
of this House—a thing not often appealed to, or
very frequently exercised—if it-is not as well
known that this meeting of ministers at Ostend
has taken place as any event which transpired
yesterday or the day before within the personal
knowledge of each individual member of this
House; if it is not as well known as anything can
be known which transpired upon theother sideof
the Atlantic; if it is not just as well known as that
the battle of the Alma has been fought, or that
the Allies are besieging Sebastopol; if it is not just
as well known as the fact that we have different
ministers accredited to various foreign Govern-
ments at the respective places to which they are
sent ? Just as well known as any of these things,
is it known to every member of this House; nor
is it denied by any man that this meeting of min-
isters has actually taken place.
I do not look upon this meeting as a matter of
trifling consequence; for if I did, I should never
have offered this resolution. X look upon this
conference of ministers in Ostend as involving
most stupendous consequences, not only to the
people of the United States, but to foreign Gov-
ernments also. There is not aman in this House
who does not know that this conference has created,
and is creating, a most profound sensation from
one end of the Union to theother, as being a most
unusual and extraordinary affair, not only from
the character of the conferees engaged in it, but
from the suspicion that something more than
meets the eye was done by them,and which they
desire should not be known. And what have I
asked by this resolution? I have not said that the
President of the United States instructed these
men to meet in conference at Ostend. I say no
such thing. I a3k the question, if any instruc-
tions have been given; and if they have, what is
the character of such instructions, and what has
been the result of such meeting or conference ? I
do not say that they have done mischief or harm
to the United States. I ask the question what
they have done, in order that the people of the
United States, who are deeply interested in our
foreign relations, and that we, their representa-
tives, may all see and know what they have done
there.
1 cast no suspicion upon the President of the
United States, nor upon the members of his Cab-
inet, nor upon the foreign ministers of the United
States. I have not said one word in that direc-
tion—not a word. There are people who believe,
and perhaps a majority of the friends of the Ad-
ministration, and of the party to which the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Phillips] belongs, be-
lieve that the appointment of the gentleman who
now represents this Governmental Madrid, was
an unfortunate appointment. I too have objec-
tions, not of a personal character, to the appoint-
ment of that gentleman to the court of Spain. I
object to it, not because that gentleman is not a
man of transcendent ability, but for other reasons,
upon a discussion of which I shall not enter at
this time, but which I shall take occasion, at some
future time, to set forth fully to this House.
I will simply remark, that I never would, so
help me God, intrust the foreign interests and
affairs of this country, or the foreign administra-
tion of this Government, to the hands of any man
who is not a native born. In the Constitution of
the United States it is provided that the President
of the United States shall be a native born citizen.
of the United States, and that no person shall be
eligible to that office who is not so. And how is
it, if that provision is a wise one—and of that no
one entertains a doubt—that these gentlemen of
foreign birth should be intrusted with important
and delicate negotiations, is something which I
cannot comprehend. But I do know that it is done.
Mr. Soule is unexceptionable so far as character
is concerned, but he was raised in a different
school of liberty from that in which we were
instructed. He imbibed his notions of civil
government and liberty in Paris, reeling with the
fallacious doctrines, and social views of Rousseau.
He might live here until he reached the days of
Methusela, and talented as he is, he could never
comprehend the representative Government of the
United States, and I never knew a foreigner that
did, and although I know it is the first word—the
word " Democracy "•—that is whispered into the
ears of foreigners when they land upon our shores,
yet it is to the Irish a stumbling block, and to the
Dutch foolishness. [Laughter.] My main objec-
tion to this appointment rests upon the fact that
Mr. Soule dates his extraction from this foreign
source, and that he was the pioneer in this confer-
ence at Ostend. At some future time I shall take
occasion to express my views fully upon this
question, though I do not know exactly when I
shall do it.
Now, in conclusion, let me say that this resolu-
tion only asks for light. It is designed to prevent
a sensation all over the land. The people a&k for
light; and if they ask light, give it to them. It
was the first element irrthe organization of the
world. " God said let there be light, and there
was light." [Laughter.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. If there had been no dis-
cussion upon this subject, I should have contented
myself with a silent vote for the resolution. I
always vote for resolutions of inquiry, unless
something on the face of it renders it obviously
improper to do so. It is true that yesterday I did
not vote to suspend the rules for the introduction
of this resolution, and would not so vote to-day.
The question being now presented directly be-
fore us, I intend to vote for it, but lest it may be
supposed that I am operated upon by the reasons
so eloquently expressed by the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Sollers,] I will say, that while
X vote for the resolution. I do not concur, at all,
with much that has been said by him, and I am
not operated upon, at all, by the reasons given by
him and others.
I see nothing unusual and' surprising in this
conference of ministers. In view of the struggle
which is going on in Europe, and the interests the
United States have at stake there, it was proper
that some such conference should have taken
place. If it should so happen that Mr. Buchanan
should take one view, or one position upon ques-
tions affecting our rights as neutrals, and Mr.
Soule should take another, that state of affairs
would Work disadvantageously to our Govern-
ment. It was therefore important that our min-
isters should come to some understanding, and
know what to insist upon. There was no more
impropriety in their coming together—whether
by the advice of the Executive or not, I do not
know—than there is in calling a Cabinet council
in this city. If it is true that some of them are
men of extreme opinions, which would lead them
to rash acts, it is eminently proper that they
should consult,with the cooler heads we have
abroad. .
Hence, entertaining this opinion, and thinking
the conference a proper one, and that they met
with the view of sending information to the Ex-
ecutive of this country, X would have passed the
subject by, and would not have introduced the
resolution myself. But the question now stands
in a different position before us. Gentlemen tell
us that the country is alarmed in view of these
facts, and the gentleman from "Virginia speaks
feelingly upon the subject. Well, if this be true,
and the passage of this resolution will allay that
sort of apprehension, in God's name let it pass.
I shall vote for the resolution for information, and
yet do not wish to be entangled with the questions
which these gentlemen have raised. I express no
opinion as to the appointment of Mr. Soule. I
have the highest respect and admiration for that
gentleman. The Constitut ion gives the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
power to appoint our ministers to foreign courts, and
we have no more right to interfere with, or power
over, such appointments, than the Senate would
have over the selection of our Speaker, or any
other officer. I waive, then, all question as to the
propriety of Mr. Soule's appointment, and all
those other questions which have been brought
before us by gentlemen who have discussed this
resolution. It is enough, for the reasons which I
have stated, that I shall vote for the resolution,
and I appeal to the gentleman from Virginia, over
the way, [Mr. Bayly,] to withdraw his motion
to refer it to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and let it be adopted. I hope my friend will
withdraw that motion. I concur with the gentle-
man in his view of the matter. I perceive no
necessity for the information; but other gentlemen
want it, and I am reluctant, therefore, to vote
against the resolution.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I must assign my
reasons for declining.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's colleague
is in possession of the floor.
Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. Speaker, yesterday I
thought that this resolution was premature, and I
still think so. Supposing the Government is in
the danger which some gentlemen seem appre-
hensive of, because of the conduct of our repre-
sentatives abroad, are we not all aware of the
existence of a committee—one of the standing
committees of this House—whose duty it is to
investigate such matters?
I care little whether the proposition before the
House is adopted or rejected. My object in
rising was to notice a remark which fell from the
learned gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Washburn.]
That gentleman seemed to have jumped at the
conclusion that this Administration has acted
unprecedentedly in sending ministers of foreign
birth to represent our Government abroad.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. With the gen-
tleman's permission I shall correct him. I stated
that the conference was unprecedented, and not
the fact that a portion of the conferees was of
foreign birth. The gentleman from Virginia mis-
understood me.
Mr. McMCJLLIN. I am happy to be corrected.
I do not know whether the conference is unpre- ,
cedented, or not. Certainly, I would presume
that it is the undoubted right of our foreign repre-
sentatives to confer together when they may on
the best interests of the country.
