1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
18
I am not surprised, Mr. Speaker, that gentle-
men upon this floor express holy horror of for-
eigners. It is a popular topic, and to become a
Jeadmg matter of discussion here. At the North
I understand that some have such a holy horror
of foreigners that they have actually taken from
the walls of their public halls the portraits of
some of our statesmen of foreign birth. If that
policy is to be adopted and carried out here, I
would advise the gentleman from Maine to turn
his head to the right, and seeing the portrait of
La Fayette, to have that taken clown.
I am grieved to see attacks made in this delib-
erative body on men because they are of foreign
birth. I expected gentlemen .to assail this Admin-
istration, but not because of its appointment of
men as ministers who are of foreign birth. This
is not the first Administration which has appointed
a« our ministers men of foreign birth. The
distinguished Albert Gallatin, of foreign birth,
was appointed our minister abroad; and in that
capacity was always a favorite with Jefferson, i
regard Mr. Soule as a high-toned and honorable
gentleman, and as fully capable of representing
us abroad. I am not then prepared to censure
his appointment by this Administration. I hope,
in conclusion, that if the Committee on Foreign
Affairs are of opinion that there has been miscon-
duct on the part of our foreign ministers, that we
shall hear from them at an early day. Unless I
hear first from that committee of the necessity for
this resolution, 1 shall vote against it.
_ Mr. WITTE. Mr. Speaker, I felt compara-
tively little interested in the resolution before the
House, until I had listened for some time to the
discussion on it. I did not regard it in a serious
light. Now, however, the discussion has given
it somewhat of a serious character. I understand
it to be a resolution calling on the President for
information in reference to an alleged meeting of
the representatives of this Government accredited
to the various continental Powers, at Ostend.
This Government, we apprehend, has no official
information of such a meeting; but such a meeting
is characterized by gentlemen, who are doubtless
well versed in the science of diplomacy, and cer-
tainly well understand our foreign relations, as an
extraordinary thing.
I shall vote against the resolution, but I desire
to state briefly the reason why. In the beginning
I will say that I do not regard it as an extraordi-
nary thing. I apprehend that there is scarcely a
gentleman upon this floor who understands the
continental system and relations which we bear
to all of Europe, who does not know that these
things are of frequent—almost daily—occurrence.
Personal interview and conference of our min-
isters at St. Cloud and St. James, is a very com-
mon thing. And it is now that 1 hear, for the
first time, such a meeting characterized as ex-
traordinary.
Now that foreign Powers become interested in
the discussion to hear the meeting thus charac-
terized in an American Congress, it becomes a
matter of some consequence, and, in my judg-
ment, is deserving of proper notice. The question
is not whether we are to be represented abroad
by gentlemen of foreign birth or not; but simply
■whatour representatives did m that so-called con-
gress. Now, is there anything more in personal
interview than in written communication, which
is demanded by the Government to take place
from day to day ? He who understands thecoin-
plex system on the continent of Europe, and where
else we have ministers, and who understands our
relations, knows perfectly well that it is not on 1 y
the privilege but the duty of our honest and inde-
fatigable and watchful representative abroad con-
stantly to communicate with his colleagues, for
such they are.
How is this congress to be regarded ? I hear
imputations made. Gentlemen say: " We want
to know whatisgoing on ?" Whatisthe presump-
tion ? How can we judge from the evidence which
we have before us? Is it not to besupposed that
those gentlemen who represented this Government
are honest and indefatigable in the discharge of
their duties? Is it not to be regarded as prima
facie evidence that they desired to do their duty?
Are not our foreign relations peaceable ? What
object had they then other than a peaceful one?
"What end have they to subserve? Have they
any instructions? None; and I can speak with
much more confidence on that point than I could
have spoken before the receipt of the President's
message.
Gentlemen say that yesterday they would have
voted for this resolution, or against it, but that
the reception of the message has changed their
opinions. It has changed mine, and for this rea-
son. It is the duty of the President to constantly
communicate to this House, and through it to the
country, whatever he deems of importance in ref-
erence to our foreign relations. His message was
received and read scarce twenty-four hours ago.
Now, I would ask gentlemen to divest themselves
of any partisan feeling, and to look calmly and
dispassionately at the matter. The President is
asked to communicate what information he may
have in his possession in regard to one of the
most important cases which can possibly engage
his attention, er that of this House. "This, too,
when but twenty-four hours before he communi-
cated a lengthy message to us, in which he said
not a word of the matter.
Now, briefly, my reason for voting against the
resolution and in favor of its reference to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs is, because it is import-
ant in its character, and that much of the import-
ance with which it is invested has been given to
it because of the tenor of the discussion here.
Gentlemen say that the country wants light.
That is a very good thing to say here; it is a
good thing to say anywhere. We are the repre-
sentatives of the people, and it is right and proper
that we should thus speak. But we should always
consider in connection—what is the case? what
is the subject? The communication sought, and
which gentlemen say the country imperatively
demands, is on a very secret subject—the subject
of our foreign diplomacy. I apprehend that all
will agree :ih to the nature of that science. It is
doubtless true that the conference of our repre-
sentatives abroad is of such a character as to
require extreme secrecy. First, because of its
nature, and the President doubtless so believes it,
because he says nothing whatever about it in his
message. In the next place, the fact of their meet-
ing in person, instead of trusting to the ordinary
means of communication, is proof that the objects
of the meeting were secret in their character.
I say, then, in conclusion, are we to arraign,
unheard, our foreign representatives? Do we not
profess to be peaceful in our intentions' Are there
no rampant filibusters here, who want to kick over
the whole thing, because something has been done
in secret that we have not been apprised of' Very
well, sir, if the meeting has been a secret one, we
have no right to know what did take place until
the President of the United States sees proper to
communicate it; and I repent that it was secret in
the fact of the extraordinary caution, of the extra-
ordinary care which was manifested by these min-
isters in conferring with each other, instead of
resorting to the ordinary means.
Once more let me say, that it is difficult to speak
against a resolution of this character. 1 know how
well it sounds to the people of the nation for their
representatives to ask for information—to cry
give us light! But, sir, the people of this nation
have not called for this; they have not demanded
the passage of such a resolution. Such a course
is an extraordinary one. No such example, 1
venture to say, has been set in the history of the
Government.
Sir, this transaction did not take place between
two foreign Powers, whether peaceful or bellig-
erent, but between our own representatives who,
in the exercise of the highest functions with
which they were invested, felt that they had a
solemn duty to perform.. I repeat, then, that 1
shall vote for the reference of this resolution to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, first, because
we have already sufficient proof that the meeting
was a secret one, and second, because we have
sufficient evidence in the fact that the President
has just communicated to Congress a lengthy
message, in which he has not said anything upon
the subject, that he either had no information
upon it, or that it was of such a character that he
did not deem it necessary or proper to communi-
cate it.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I did not intend to
participate in this debate, and should have simply
given a silent vote upon the resolution, if the
debate called forth by it had not assumed a char-
acter of very great interest. I think the country
is indebted to the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Sollers] for introducing it; and I hope my friend
from Virginia [Mr. Baylv] will withdraw his
motion to refer it to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
I will not detain the House further, than to say
that I believe the impression, very generally pre-
vailing in the country, is strongly antagonistic to
the appointment of foreign-born citizens to rep-
resent the nation in foreign courts. It is true that
we have had no official information that this secret
meeting was held at Ostend, but it is well known
that such a meeting did take place. There is not
a gentleman in this House who will deny it. And
if it did take place, it must have been for some
object, or if there was no object, the sooner the
people of the country know it from the proper
source, the better.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Phillips]
told the House, as I understood hinij that he
should vote to send the resolution to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, for the purpose of giving
it the go-by. Well, sir, I have the highest respect
for that committee. I admire their conservative
character. The course pursued by them during
the last session—alluded to by my friend from
Virginia, [Mr. Bayly]—commanded my admira-
tion for its conservativeness. But when a gentle-
man wishes to have the resolution given the go-
by, by referring it to one of the standing commit-
tees of the House, I cannot consent to vote for
such a reference. I eay that it is due to this
House, as the representatives of the nation—it is
due to the dignity of the House—that we should
call upon the Chief Executive of the nation for
such information as he can give us, not incompat-
ible with the public interest, touching this secret
meeting of our foreign ministers abroad.
Mr. Speaker, the fact that the Minister of the
United States in London, the Minister of the Uni-
ted States at Madrid, and the Minister at the
Hague—two of them—Mr. Soule and Mr. Bel-
mont, men of foreign birth, were invited by them-
selves, or by each other, or directed by the
Government of the United States to meet at
Ostend, in Belgium, whether for an important
purpose, or for no purpose, has certainly attracted
a great deal of the attention of the people of this
country. And it is not premature to call for in-
formation respecting it. We are not acting upon
mere reports. The Chief Executive Magistrate
of the country, in his annual message sent to this
House yesterday, has stated officially that a mis-
understanding has recently taken place between
France and the United States, because the author-
ities of France had refused permission for Mr.
Soule to pass through that country on his way
from the meetingof Ostend to his post in Madrid.
It is not, therefoie, a mere matter of report upon
which wears acting. It is upon something much
more tangible.
Now, sir, what was it that produced that mis-
understanding with France, for which we were
told an ample apology was made, if it was not
this? If we may believe newspaper reports, when
Mr. Soule was refused permission to pass through
; France, Mr. Mason demanded an apology. It
| was considered a direct insult to the country,
i But the matter was explained by saying that Mr.
Soule was not refused as the Minister of the Uni-
ted States, but as a private citizen, who had for-
merly resided in France, and who had, for some
cause, been a fugitive from that country in his
early days. And having contracted the dislike of
that Government, he was prohibited from passing
through the country until our Minister in France
i interposed,and the prohibition was withdrawn.
But, sir, this meeting at Ostend has attracted a
great deal of interest in this country, and 1 think
every gentleman in this House must admit that it
is proper to call upon the President of the United
States for the information in his possession, if it
can be given without prejudiceto the public inter-
est.
Sir, the public are nearly unanimous in oppo-
sition to sending, for our ministers abroad, such
men as Messrs. Soule and Belmont. I do not
speak of it as a matter of much importance, but I
will mention the fact, that two years ago,in trav-
eling in the Hague itself, in Amsterdam, in the
Netherlands, in the United Provinces, almost as
much a Republic as ourselves, although they are
a limited monarchy, everywhere 1 heard com-
plaints made, in advance, of the appointment of an
Austrian-born citizen as a representative of th 
