1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
traveling out of the recerd, and I presume he will
not do that.
As to the appointment of foreigners, that is a
matter with the President and Senate, and one
with whieh the House of Representatives, as a
legislative body, has nothing to do. My own
opinion is very decided, that it would be quite as
well that we should be represented abroad by
Americans—quite as well! ! do not mean to say
that I would disfranchise foreigners in any respect,
but I do mean to say—so far as my individual
opinion is concerned—that it would be quite as
well we sliouid be represented abroad by native
Americans. Ay, sir, I say further, to my friend
from Virginia, that 1 am prepared to go one step
beyond that. 1 am prepared to adopt the senti-
ment which Mr. Jefferson expressed—I believe in
his letter to Mr. Short—that even native-born
Americans ought not to be left abroad too long.
Mr. LETCHER, (interrupting.) 1 have not
said one word about Native Americanism; nor
did I object to the appointment of Mr. Soulc as a
foreigner. I never mentioned one word as to his
being a foreigner at ail.
Mr. BAYLY. X beg my friend's pardon. It
wasthegentleman from Maryland [Mr. Solleks]
to whom X intended to allude. I certainly did not
intend to misrepresent my colleague. I am the
last man on the floor who would do so. Bat, as
X was saying, I not only prefer that we should be
represented abroad by native American citizens,
but I would not let them stay abroad too long.
They lose, to some extent, their home sympathies,
although I see it constantly stated by these repre-
sentatives abroad that they never loved their coun-
try half so well till after they had left it. Still I
know that when they stay there too long, if they
do not lose their home sympathies, they lose, at
any rate, that intimate acquaintance with the
American feeling and character .which our foreign
representatives abroad ought to carry with them.
That was even objected to Mr. Jefferson. Nothing
could destroy Mr. Jefferson's democracy or his
attachment to his country. Upon one occasion,
a mutual friend asked Mr. Henry why he dis-
liked Mr. Jefferson. Mr. Henry was a man of
infinite tact, and he did not choose to assign
graver reasons; but he assigned one reason forhiij
dislike of Mr. Jefferson, that he staid so long in
France that he did not like his natural victuals,
(pronouncing it in Negro vernacular.)
I agree with these gentlemen, so far as this
matter of sending Americans abroad is concerned.
I would greatly prefer to have Americans abroad,
but they should not stay there longer than four or
five years. I do not want Europeans to suppose
we have no people of our own fit for such offices as
it has been said our practice implies. Then they
had better come back and mingle with the people
again. I demand the previous question upon my
motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] to call for
the previous question. I do not wish to make
any remarks,but I wish simply to suggest a molli-
fication of his motion by referring this resolution
■with instructions to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, to inquire whether or not the meeting of
American ministers at Ostcrid was not held for the
purpose of organizing a Know-Nothing lodge in
Europe. [Laughter.]
Mr. BAYLY. 1 hardly ever knew my friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to ask me to modify
a resolution before, where 1 did notcomply with hio
request; but, upon this occasion, he must excuse
me. If the resolution under consideration is re-
ferred to the Coramitteeon Foreign Affairs, I shall
try to ascertain, although I think the precedent la
wrong, whether something may not be said upon
'this floor that will satisfy the curiosity of gentle-
men , without the formality of a coll upon the 1 i evi-
dent, whieh, in the event the gentl man contem-
plates, will compel him to reply, that impoitant
negotiations were going on,and that the lntorma-
tiott could not, at that time, be communicated. 11
this conference, as two or three gentlemen have
said, has excitedthealarmpfforeignnations, why,
it will increase that distrust to an infinite extent, if
the President, in his message, says: I cannotMl
you what the object of that conference was. bo t
think the passage of the resolution is setting a bau
precedent. 1 think that the Honsecan be satisneu
upon this subiect without the mischief tnat would
result from a formal reply of that kind. I bcueve
I may safely say, that the conduct of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations heretofore has not been
such as to excite any distrust in this House as to
its conservatism. I call forthe previous question.
Several Members. Withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. BAYLY. My only wish is to consult the
pleasure of the House.
Mr. WHEELER. I object to the withdrawal
of the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, there
being—ayes 83, noes 51.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. WHEELER, demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. HENN moved that the House adjourn,
which was d isagreed to—ayes 5D, noes not counted.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Bayly's
motion, and decided in the negative—yeas83, nays
84; as follows:
vr. *8—MJames C. Alien, Willis Allen, Ashe,
David J. Bailey, Tliomas H. Bayly, Iiarksdaie, Barry,
Bolcher, Bocoek, Hi fickinridge, Bridges, Caskio, Chastain,
Clingman, Cobb, Colquitt, Crasg, John G. Davis, Thomas
Oavis,Dawson, [Sowdoll, Dunbar, Hdgerton, Edmundson,
Ellison, Fmglish, Faulkner, Ronton, Florence, Fuller, Gam-
ble, Goode, Gret;n,Git;omvood, Hamilton, Wiley P. Harris,
Hastings, Hendricks, llenn, llibbard, Houston, Ingersoll,
Johnson, Geoige VV. jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kittredgc,
Kurtz, Lamb, Latham, Lewis, Lindaley, Macdouald,
MeMullin, Macy, f?mitti Miller, Olds, Orr, Bieliop Perkins,
John Perluns, Phelps, Phillips, Pratt, Riddle, Robbins,
Itowe, Uiu'in, Seymour, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Single-
ton, William it. ^Imith, Geoi^c W. Smyth, Straub, John
I. Taylor, Trout, Tweed, Yansant. Walker, John Wcnt-
wortli, VVostbrook, Wilte, and Ilondnck D. Wright--83.
YE AS—Messrs. Applcton, Dili, Banks, r.eimelt, Boyce,
Hrisstow, Campbell, Caipenter, Chandler, CIiu-jp, Oorwm,
Cm, Oiocker, Oulloiri, Po Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Kd-
nmnds, Thomas i). Eliot, ISveihart, Farley, Flagler, Fiank-
hn,Ooodiicll, Grey,Grow, Aaron Harlan, Harrison, Haven,
llicstur, Hill, llillyer, Howe, Ilunt, Daniel T.Jones, Kerr,
Knox, Letcher, Lmdlcy, McCulloch, Mace, Mattcson,
May,ill, .Vcacham, IVIiddlc^waitti, Millson, Morgan, Mur-
ray, Oliver, Patket, Pock. Pennington, Prinele, Ready,
llecbO, David Ritchie, Rogers Itu-^ell, Sabiti, Wage, Sapp,
Simmons, Bkelton, Hollas, Frederick 1'. Stanton, Richard
II. Stanton, Ucbtor L. Stevens, Strntton, Andrew Stuart,
John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Teller, Thurston,
Tiaey, Uplinin, Woile, Walbiidge, Wailey, Kliilm 11.
Waslibm ne, Israel Waybburn/rappan Wcutwortli, Wheel-
er, Yates, and y.ollieotier—8-t.
The question then recurring upon the adoption
of the resolution,
Mr. WHEELER demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
On motion by Mr. GROW, the House then ad-
journed—ayes 73, noes 55—at twenty minutes
past three o'clock, till to-morrow at twelve, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December G, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
lion. William Pitt Fesseniien, of Maine, at-
tended to-day.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury on the state of the Finances; which was
referred to the Committee on finance, and
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
OulctcJ, That the icport be printed, and that ton thou-
sand copies thereof, m addition to the usual number, be
printed for the use of the Senate.
Also, a communication from the Treasurer of
the United States, transmitting copies of his ac-
counts with the United States for the third and
fourth quarters of the year 1853, and the first and
second quarters of the year 1854, as adjusted by
the accounting officers of the Treasury Depart-
ment; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. PETTIT presented the petition of the re-
gister of the land office and receiver of public
moneys at Xndianapoii., praying to be allowed the
; same per centum on the sales of the public lands
I as was allowed previous to the act of August 4,
: 1354; which was referred to the Coramitteeon
i Pubhc Lands.
I Mr. STUART presented the petition of Iloss
! Wdkins, Judge of the Territory of Michigan in
| 1832, praying that lie maybe included within the
1 provisions of the act of August 1, 1854, to pro-
i vide compensation for the services of George
| Moreil, in adjusting titles to land in Michigan;
1 whic£t was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Also, a petition of the register of the land office
and receiver of public moneys at Kalamazoo,
Michigan, praying to be allowed the same per
centum on the sales of the public lands as was
allowed previous to the act of August 4, 1854;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. JAMES presented the petition of Rhodes
Sheldon and others, praying that Simoen Steadman
may be paid for military services irk the last war
with Great Britain; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Lemuel
Worcester, praying a pension on account of a
disability incurred while employed as a waiter to
a militia officer in the United States service during
the last war with Great Britain; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. GEYBR presented the petition of Joseph
Hardy and Alton Long, praying payment for lead
unlawfully exacted from them by agents of the
United States; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. BROWN presented documents in relation
to the claim of Levi C. Harris, to a pension on ac-
count of a wound received during the last war
with Great Britain; which were referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SHIELDS presented resolutions of the
Board of Common Council of the city of Rock
Island, Illinois, praying that that place may be
made a port of delivery; which were referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
THE JAPAN EXPEDITION.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate, if in his opinion not incompatible with
the public interest, the instructions, correspondence, and
other docunientsifilatmg to the naval expedition to Japan,
and the proceedings and negotiations resulting in a treaty
with the Government thereof.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. ADAMS gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to amend the " act to
establish a uniform rule of naturalization, and to
repeal the acts heretofore passed on that subject,"
approved April 24, 1802.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
extend the benefits of the bounty land laws of the
United States to Choctaws and other Indians
who have heretofore served in the Army of the
United States in time of war; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WELLER, in pursuance of previous notice,
aslsed and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
extend, for a limited period, "An act to ascertain
and settle private land claims in the State of Cali-
fornia;" which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CASS, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for
making appropriations for deepening the channel
over the St. Clair flats; and also for deepening the
channel in the St. Mary's river, in the State of
Michigan; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. BRODHEAD, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill establishing a commission forthe examination
and adjustment of private claims; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. BROWN. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs have
power to appoint a clerk.
I will say that the chairman of the committee is
not present, and therefore, as its duties are very
laborious, and it is necessary to have a clerk, I
hope the Senate will not insist upon the request
coming from the chairman.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS offered the following resolu-
tion; which wasconsideredbyunanimousconsent,
and agreed to:
