38
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
The SPEAKER. It will not, as the House
has ordered the previous question to be now put,
which iy oil the adoption of the resolution, r^o
motion in regard to it is in order. .
Mr. HILLYER. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken.
Mr. WHEELER. And 1 move to lay that mo-
tion upon the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion can hardly be
necessary. - .
Mr. SHELTON. I move, if it is m order, to
reconsider the vote by which the House yesterday
refused to lefer this resolution to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs. , .
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
at this time.
Mr. ORR. I think that motion is in order.
The SPEAKER. One motion to reconsider is
already pending.
Mr. HtLLYER. 1 withdraw the motion.
Mr. WHEELER. I renew it.
Mr. HILLYER. I would first inquire of the
Chair, if the motion which I made be withdrawn,
will the motion just made by the gentleman from
New Jersey [Mr. Skelton] be in order?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. HILLYER. Then I withdraw it,
* The SPEAKER. The question, then, is upon
the motion of the gentleman from New Jersey, to
reconsider the vote by which the House refused
to commit the resolution to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs. . .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will it be
in order to move to lay that motion upon the
table ?
The SPEAKER. The necessity for laying
that motion upon the table would not seem to
exist; but ordinarily it is in order to move to lay
a motion upon the table, and the Chair will enter-
tain it now.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I make the mo-
tion, and upon that I demand the yeas and nays. |
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to inquire of the
Chair, whether the motion to reconsider the prop-
osition to refer is now in order, the main question
having been ordered upon the passage of the res-
olution ?
The SPEAKER. Such has been the practice
of the House, uniformly, as the gentleman from
Ohio will recollect; but the vote must be taken
without debate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 84, nays 89; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ball, Bank?, Bennett, Bristow, Camp-
bell, Carpenter, Caruthers,'Cloudier, Chase, Corwin, Cox,
Crocker, Cullom, Thomas Davis, De Wilt, Dick, Dickin-
son, Drum, Eastman, Edmunds, Thomas 1). Eliot, Ever-
liurt, Farley, Flagler, Franklin, Goodrich, Goodwm, Giey,
GrO'.r, Aaiou Harlan, Il.lmson, Haven, Hicsler, Hill,
How, Hurt, Darnel T. Jones, Kerr. Knox, Letcher,
Limlley, McCulloch, Mace, Matteson, May all. Meacham,
Middleswarih, Milisun, Morgan, Jluiray, Mordecai Oliver,
Varker. Pock, Peeklram, Pennington, Powell, Pilngle,
Beady,'Reese, David Ritchie, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp,
Simmons, William R. Smilh, Boilers, Frederick P. Stan-
'oo, Eichard II. Slanton, Stratton, Andrew Stuart, John L.
Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Teller, Thurston, Tracy,
Upliam, Wade, Walley, Elhhu B. Washburne, leiael
Washburn, Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler, and Zoliieof-
fcr—Si.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, David J. Bailey, Tnotnas
II. Bayly, Barksdale, Barry, Belcher, Bkss, Bocock,
Breckinridge, Bridges, Caskie, Chastain, Chrisman, Clark,
Clingmun, Cobb, Colquitt, Craige, Curtis, Dawson,Bisrtey,
Dowdell, Dunbar. Eddy, Edgerton, Ellison, English, Faulk-
ner, Florence, Fuller, Gieen, Greenwood, Hamilton,
Sampson W. Rains, Wiley P. Ham-, H.&tings, Hendricks,
IIaim, ilibba'rd, Ilitlyer, Houston, Hughes, Tngmselt, John-
son, J. Glancy Jones, Kutredge, Kurtz, Lamb, Latham,
Leui*, I.indsloy, Maet'onald, MeDoujail. AtcMullin, Jle-
(iuecn, Macy, Maxwell, Smith Miller, Old?, Orr, Bishop
Perkins, John Pukm*. Phelps, Phillips, Pratt, Richardson,
Riddle, Thomas Ititcliey, Bobbins, Rowe, lluffln, Seymout,
Shannon, Shaw, Showei, Singleton, Skelton, William
Smith, George V/. Smyth, Straub, David Stuait, John J.
Taylor, Trout, Wal.-li, Warren, John Wentwortli, YVost-
Wme, and Hendnck B. Wright—S3.
The question tiien recurring upon the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the House refused
tr> commit the resolution to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs,
Mr. WHEELER demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 83; as fol-
lows:
TEAS—S^cssrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, David J.
Bailey, Thomas II, Bayly, Barh.-dale, Barry, Belcher,
Blis?, Bocock, Bridges, Gaskie,OimsUun; Chrj^jiian, Ciaik,
Clingman, Cobb, Colquitt, Craige, John G. Davis, Dawson,
Disney, Dunbar, Eddy, Edgerton, Edmundson, John M.
Elliott, Ellison, English, Faulkner, Florence, Fuller,
Goode, Green, Greenwood, Hamilton, Sampson W. Har-
ris, Wiley P. Harris, Hastings, Hendricks, Ilenn, Ilibbard,
HiHyer, Houston, Hughes, Ingersoll, Johnson, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kittredge, Kurtz, Lamb, Latham,
Lewis, Lindsley, Maedon&ld, McDougail, McMullin,
McQueen, Macy, Maxwell, Smith Miller, Olds, Orr,
Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Pratt,
Kiehardson, Riddle, Thomas Kitchey, Robbins, Rowe,
Ruffin, Seymour, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Singleton,
Skelton, William Smith, George W. Smyth, Straub, David
Stuart, John J. Taylor, Trout, Tweed, Walsh, Warren,
Jolin Wentworth, Westbrook, Witte, and Hendriek B.
Wright—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Banks, Bennett, Bristow, Camp-
bell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chandler, Chase, Corwin, Cox,
Crocker, Cullom, Cutting, De Witt, Diclt, Dickinson,
Drum, Eastman, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Etheridge,
Everhart, Farley, Flakier, Franklin, Goodrich, Grey, Grow,
Aaron Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Hiester, Hill, Howe,
Hunt, Daniel T. Jones, Kerr, Knox, Letcher, Lindley,
McCulloch, Mare, Matteson, Mayall, Meacham, Middles-
warth, Millson, Morgan, Murray, Mordecai Oliver, Parker,
Peek, Peekham, Pieston, Pringle,.Ready, Ileese, David
Ritchie, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Simmons, Sollers,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stratton, An-
drew Stuart, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Teller,
Thurston, Tracy, (Jpham, Wade, Waibridge, Walley,
ElhhuB. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Tappan Went-
worth, Wheeler, and Zollicoii'er—S3.
The question then recurring upon the motion
to refer the resolution to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs,
Mr. MORGAN demanded the yeaa and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 93, nays 83; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, David
J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Barksdale, Barry, Beleher,
Bliss, Bocock, Breckinridge, Bridges, Caskie, Chastain,
Clark, Clinpnan, Cobb, Colquitt, Craige, John G. Davis,
Dawson, Disney, Dowdell, Dunbar, Eddy, Edgerton, Ed-
mundson, Ellison, English, Faulkner, Fenton, Florence,
Fuller, Goode, Green, Greenwood, Hamilton, Sampson
W. Harris, Wiley P. Ilarris, Hastings, Hendricks, Henn,
Hibbard, Ilillver, Houston, Hughes, Ingersoll, Johnson,
George W. jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kittredge, Kiutz,
Lamb, Lewis, Lin'dsley, Macdonaid, McDougail, McMul-
hn, McQueen, Macy, Maxwell, Smith Miller, Olds, Orr,
Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Pratt,
Kiddle, Robbins,Rowe,Rutfin, Seymour, Shannon, Siiaw,
Shower, Singleton, Skelton, William Smith, William R.
Smith, George W. Sinyth, Straub, David Stuart, John J.
Tavlor, Trout, Tweed, Walsh, Warren, John Wentworth,
Wesibrook, Witte, and Hendriek B. Wright—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Banks, Bennett, Bristow, Camp-
bell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chandler, Chase, Corwin, Cox,
Crocker, Cullom, Thomas Davis, De Witt, Dick, Dickin-
son, Eastman, Edmands, TliomasD. Eliot, Etheridge, Ever-
hurt, Farley, Flagler, Franklin,Goodrich, Coodwin,Grey,
Grow, Aaron Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Hiester, Hill,
Howe, Hunt, Daniel T. Jones, Knox, Letcher, Lindley,
McCulloch, Mace, Matteson, Mayall, Meacham, Middles-
warih, Millson, Morgan, Murray, Mordecai Oliver, Parker,
Peck, Peckham, Pennington, Preston, Pringle, Ready,
Reese, David Ritchie, Russell, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Sim-
mons, Sollers, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard II. Stanton,
Stratton, Andrew Stuart, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Teller, Thurston, Tracy, Upham, Wade, Wal-
bndge, Walley, Elihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler, and ZoliieofFer—S3.
So the resolution was referred.
VETO OF THE RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
The SPEAKER. The question first in order
is the consideration of. the President's vets mes-
sage on the river and harbor bill.
Mr. CLSNGMAN. Mr. Speaker, we learned
the other day from the annual message of the
President that he designs sending to this House a
communication setting forth his views in detail on
the subject of internal improvements. This being
so, it is perhaps proper for both the House and
the President that his reasons for his veto should
be well understood before further action is had.
1 myself voted against the river and harbor bill,
and am entirely satisfied with the veto; but it is
highly probable that those gentlemen who differ
from the Executive in their opinions on the sub-
ject would prefer having his views more fully than
they are now before the country. I shall, there-
fore, suggest a postponement of the consideration
cf the subject to a. future day. I am not particu-
lar what day is fixed.
Ths SPEAKER. Let th« gentleman name a
day.
Mr, CLINGMAN. I yielded the floor to my
friend from Louisiana, at whose instance I have
made the suggestion.
Mr. DUNBAR. 1 move, Mr. Speaker, that
the further consideration of the President's veto
message on the river and harbor bill be postponed |
until this day next week. My constituents of:
Hew Orleans are deeply interested in this measure.
In the bill are large appropriations, and in my
judgment proper ones, for the improvement of the
mouths of the Mississippi river, and for the im-
provement of that river at various other points and
its tributaries. In these, as I have saia, my con-
stituents are deeply interested.
I was a member of the Committee on Commerce
which -reported the bill. It received my vote in
committee, and in the House on its final passage.
In my judgment, it ought not to have been vetoed
by the President. He has lately informed us that
he would shortly send us his reasons in detail for
his veto, and respect to the Chief Magistrate
requires that we should at least postpone consiu-
eration of the subject for a few days, and until
those reasons are laid before us. Therefore it is
that I have moved a postponement until this day
next week. We can then act more understand-
ingly on the matter. We can then determine
whether we shall attempt the passage of the bill,
despite the President's veto, or whether we shall
introduce another one which may not be liable to
the objections of the Executive in his supplemental
message. I hope, therefore, that my motion will
prevail.
Mr. WENTWORTH,"of Illinois. If I sup-
posed, Mr. Speaker, that there was a member of.
this body whose vote would be changed one way or
the other by a message from the President of the
United States on this subject, one familiar to
everybody, and which has been agitated ever
sin'ce the origin of the Government, and talked on
upon every stump in the country where an elec-
tion was to be held_, I would vote for the post-
ponement; but I sincerely believe that every
member is now prepared to vote ay or no on
the veto. Such being the case, I do not see why
action should not now be had as well as at any
other time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Move the previous ques-
tion and let us come to a vote then.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I suppose that our
action is to be on the real veto message.
A Member. We act on the bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Yes, we act on the
bill; and if we can, pass it despite the veto message.
We have no more right to allow the President,
after vetoinga bill, to send in a supplemental mes-
sage than we have to allow members of Congress
to make supplemental speeches and give supple-
mental reasons for their votes.
I do not myself feel inclined to go into the
merits of the bill at all. I come hereto reflect the
wishes of my constituents. I know no Executive
—none other in this matter than the people I left
behind me. If they have any documents to con-
trol me, they will send them here. I carry out
the will of my constituents, and I presume that
every member intends to do the same.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the House is as full as it is
likely to be during the session, mayhap fuller. It
is customary for members about this time to ab-
sent themselves from the city, and to remain
away until after the holidays. But, I repeat that
I am willing to refrain from pressing the consid-
eration of the message, if any gentleman will
state to the House that he is in doubt what he
ought to do, and desires the reception of the fur-
ther reasons of the President previous to action.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I would ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois whether the bill embraces a
single item of appropriation for the improvement
of any river and harbor in the country which has
not been recommended by the proper department
of the Government, and already commenced ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair feels it his duty
to advise gentlemen that discussion must be con-
fined to the motion of postponement.
Mr. WENTWORTH. 1 have already stated
that it was not my intention to discuss the merits
of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair made the state-
ment for the information of gsntlemen.
Mr. WENTWORTH. If 1 call for the pre-
vious question,can we then proceed to vote?
Mr. TAYLOR. I should like my question
answered.
Mr. WENTWORTH. We cannot discuss
the merits of the bill at this time. I call for the
previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman will with-
draw his call for the previous question 1 will re-
new it.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I would withdraw it
if we could speak to the merits of the biif.
