1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to say a word in
reference to the postponement, and that is all.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I withdraw my call
for the previous question, and yield the floor to
the gendeman from Ohio, for explanation.
Mr. CAMPBELL. This is a measure, Mr.
Speaker, which deeply interests the whole valley
of the Mississippi—I may say the whole coun-
try. I concurred in the suggestion made by the
honorable gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Dun-
ear,] that respect for the Executive required of
us at least a suspension of action until his fuller
views are made known. There are circumstances
surrounding the case which, in my judgment,
render it peculiarly proper to suspend action for
a time at least. Among others is the fact that the
Preeident at the last session approved of a bill for
the improvement of the Cape Fear river.
Mr. CLiNGMAN. Is this discussion in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair %vill arrest the
Course of debate not directly confined to the prop-
osition before the body.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, we are notified by
two messages that the Executive has reasons
which he wishes to give the Mouse. In the veto
message, at the close of the last session, we were
informed that we should have those reasons in the
regular annual message. It was not supposed
that they were to be given in detail at that time.
The reasons have been prepared during the vaca-
tion for some cause unknown to us, and it
strikes me that this is rather a remarkable circum-
stance. In the annual message we are informed
that these reasons are piepared; and, for one, be-
fore the bill is again considered, I should like to
gee them. I desire to know, however, whether
either the honorable gentleman, who represents
the Committee on Commerce, or the gentleman
from Louisiana, has any official information in
regard to the time when these promises will be
carried out?
Mr. DUNBAR. I have no official information
on the subject, but I have no doubt that the mes-
sage will be sent to us in a few days.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Does the, gentleman be-
lieve that we shall have the message in time to
examine it before the day fixed for the postpone-
ment ?
Mr. DUNOAR. I do.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I hope that the mo-
tion to postpone will prevail, so that we may
extend to the Piesident the courtesy indicated.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I now insist on my
call for the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON". I would inquire of the Chair
whether the special order for the Pacific railroad
does not commence on Monday next?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not recollect
the order at the last session, but he will remark
that such special order would not interfere with
the consideration of the President's veto message.
Mr. DUNBAR. I understand that the special
order will not interfere with the consideration of
the veto message. .
The SPEAKER. It will not. The Chan-
understands that the Pacific railroad bill was
made the special order for the second Monday in
December. The question now, however, is upon
seconding the demand for the previous question.
The Chair will remark that if it. be seconded, and
the main question ordered, the House will be
brought to a vote directly upon the bill, the Pres-
ident's objections notwithstanding.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 demand tellers
upon seconding the demand for the previous
question.
Tellers were ordered; ana Messrs. Wheeler
and Bovce appointed. _
Mr. DUNBAR. I rise to a question of order.
1 ask whether my motion to postpone the consid-
eration of the veto message does not take prece-
dsnc© ^
The SPEAKER. It does not. The demand
for the previous question is first in order, and, if
seconded by the House, the motion to postpone
■will be cut off. .
Mr. DUNBAR. I was under a different im-
pression. . ..
The House was then diviaed upon seconding
the demand for the previous question, and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 83, noes >3.
So there was a second.
The main question—being upon the passage of
the bill—was then ordered to be put.
WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Constitution
requires that the vote upon a veto shall ife taken
by yeas and navs.
The SPEAKER. The Constitution does re-
quire that the yeas and nays shall be spread upon
the Journal, and it is therefore unnecessary for
the House to order therai.
The question was taken; and decided in the
negative—yeas 95, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Appleton, Hall, Banks, Bennett, Bliss,
Bristow, Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chandler, Chase,
Clark, Corwm, Cor, Crocker,Cnllom, Dawson, Dick, l>Kk
insoni Dunbar, Eastman, Eddy, F.dgerton, Edmunds, Tbos.
1). Eliot, Eliison, English, Etlieridge, Everhart, Farley,
Fenton, Flakier, Florence, Gooiliich, Goodwin, Green,
Greenwood, Grey, Aaron Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Ilenn,
Uiester, llill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Johnson, Knox, Lind-
ley, ljindsley, McCulloch, Mace, Maey, Mattcson, Mayall,
Meaeham, Middleswarlh, Morgan, Noble, Mordeeai Oli-
ver, Parker, Peek, Pcckham, Pennington, Preston, Piingle,
Heady, Itiddle, David Ritchie, Russell, Sabin, Sage,.Sapp,
Seymour, Shower, Simmons, Fredeiick P. Slanton, llcbtor
I. Stevens, Andrew Stuart, David Stuart, John L. Taylor,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Teller, Thurston, Tracy, Trout,
Wade, Waltey, Etldiu 13. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
John Wcntworth, Tappan Wentworlh, Wheeler, and
Zollieoller—95.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, David J.
Bailey, Tliomas II. Bayly, Iiark=dale, Barry, Belcher,
Bocoek, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, Caskie, Chastaiti,
Chiisinari, Clingman, Cobb, Colquitt, Craige, Curtis, John
G. Davis, De Witt, Disney, Dowdell, Edinundson, Faulk-
ner, Fuller, Gooile, Grow, Hamilton, Sampson \V. Harris,
Wiley 1'. Harris, Hastings, Hendricks, Hibbard, Hillyer,
Houston, lngersoll, Darnel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J.
Glaney Jones, Kittrcdge, Klutz, Lumb, Latham. Letcher,
[.own, Macdonakl, McDougall, McMulhn, Mettneen,
Maxwell, Smith Miller, Millson, Muiray, Olds, Orr,
Bishop Perkins, John Peikms, Phelps, Phillips, Powell,
Pratt, lteese, Jtowe, Ruilm, Shannon, Shaw, Singleton,
Skelton, William Smith, William It. Smith, George W.
Smyth, Richard II. Stanton, Sratton, Stiaub, John .1.
Taylor, Walbridge, Walsh, Waircn, and Ilcndiick B.
Wright—80.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
hill was lost.
TREASURY REPORT.
Mr. MURRAY. I rise to a privileged question.
I am instructed by the Committee on Printing to
offer the following resolution:
Rosolvcd, Thai the usual number of extra copies of the
Icttei ot the Secretary ot the Tieasury, transmuting esti-
mates tor Ihe appropriations required for (lie service of the
fiscal yeai ending June 30,1^5(1, be piinted.
Mr. HOUSTON. Ilow many is the usual
number?
Mr. MURRAY. Thia is for fifteen hundred
and twenty copies.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
of the gentleman fiom New York if this docu-
ment has not already been printed ?
Mr. MURRAY. The printing has not been
ordered.
Mr. JONES. If I mistake not, it is customary
for the officers of the Government to order these
documents to be printed.
Mr. MURRAY. There has been no dVder to
print the document at all. This is to print the
regular number of fifteen hundred and twenty
copies.
Mr. JONES. I supposed it had been printed
under the law providing for the printing of the
Departments.
Mr. MURRAY. I understand not.
Mr. JONES. The law requires the Secretary
to have these documents printed in advance, so as
to be placed in the hands of the members at the
meeting of Congress. I supposed it had been
printed under that law, and the expense taken out
of the fund for the public printing.
Mr. MURRAY. The Chief Clerk informed me
that the printing had been done, but that there
was no appropriation out of which the expens
could be paid; and that this resolution was neces-
sary to have the work paid for.
Mr. JONES. Then 1 would suggest to the
gentleman to change his resolution so as to direct
the Clerk to pay for the printing which has al-
ready been done.
Mr. MURRAY. I have no objection to that.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have not looked at the law
since the last session, but my impression is that
there must be some mistake about there being no
appropriation. My recollection is that an appro-
priation was made for the printing of these esti-
mates.
Mr. MURRAY. For this session?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir; for this session,
Thai is my recollection, and I hope the gentleman
will allow his resolution to go over for a day or
two, until we can look into the matter.
_ Mr. MURRAY. I will withdraw the resolu-
tion if the appropriation has been already made.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. If the gen-
tleman will allow me a short explanation, I think
I can satisfy the House in reference to this res-
olution. The appropriation made at the last
session of Congress, to which the gentleman from
Alabama refers, was to enable the Secretary to
have his estimates printed and placed in the hands
of the members at the commencement of the
session. The object of this resolution is to se-
cure the usual number for binding, to go among
the regular documents of the House which have
not been ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. In reply to the gentleman
from Kentucky, I will say that I remember dis-
tinctly having had a conversation with the Super-
intendent ofthe Public Printingat the lastsessiorf,
in which he assured me that the phraseology then
used would furnish the number required to bind
up. I hope the gentleman from New York will
withdraw the resolution until tlie matter can be
inquired into.
Mr. MURRAY. I will withdraw it.
INTRODUCTION OF A BILL.
The business next in order being the calling of
the States for resolutions, and the introduction of
bills—
Mr. SOLLERS introduced a bill " to provide
for the purchase of so much ofthe Columbia Turn-
pike as is within the limits of the District of
Columbia,and making thesame free;" which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If there is nothing
else to do but to call the States for resolutions, 1
will move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. HAMILTON. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion from the State of Maryland.
The SPEAKER. The State of Maryland will
be first in order when the call is resumed.
The question was put, and Mr. Jones's motion
was agreed to, ar.d
Thereu pon, at fifteen minutes before two o'clock,
p. m.,the House adjourned until to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 1,18if4.
The Hon. Moses Nonius, jr., of Neiw Hamp-
shire, and the Hon. George E. Badger,of Nor.th
Carolina, appeared in their seats this morning.
Prayer by Rev. William II. Milrurn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
HON. DAVID It. ATCHISON.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I ask theunan-
imous consent of the Senate now to introduce, and
I hope it will be presently considered and adopted,
thia resolution:
Resohcd, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
to the Hon. David R. Atchison, the diiference between
the amount which hollas ahc-ady received as President pro
tempore of the Senate, and tho compensation of V ice Presi-
dent, from the date of bis election by the Senate as their
President proiomporc to the commencement ot the pre-ent
session, nccoitiiug to the practice which has heretofore
pievailcd.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution, and it was agreed to.
CLERKS TO COMMSTTEES.
Mr. BAYARD. With the assent and concur-
rence of the Committee on Public Buildings, I rise
to ask liberty to employ a clerk for that committee
for the present session. I deem it necessary,
within the proper meaning of the term, that we
should have a clerk, because I think it would be
conducive to the proper order of the business ef
the committee. I move that they have liberty to
employ a clerk for this session.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SL1DELL. I desire to offer a resolution
authorizing the Committee on P,-mds and Canals
to employ a clerk. I will stafe, for the informa-
tion of the Senate, tb«t during the recess of the
Senate, the former clerk has been very busy in
collecting certain statistical and other information
respecting the Louisville and Portland canal, and
there will be a very voluminous report made,
