go
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
involving considerable labor. Under these cir-
cumstances, I trust no objection will be made to
the resolution.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
authorized to employ a clerk for the present session.
ACTS OP THE UTAH LEGISLATURE.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has received,
and now lays before the Senate, the acts and reso-
lutions of the Legislature of the Territory of
Utah, together with a journal of their proceedings
for their third annual session. It was provided
by the act of Congress passed September IB,
1850, for the organization of that Territory, that
ail the laws passed by the Legislative Assembly
and Governor, should be submitted to the Con-
gress of the United States, and, if disapproved,
should be null and of no effect. This communi-
cation is transmitted in compliance with that law.
What disposition will the Senate make of it ?
Mr. WELLEft. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on Territories.
The motion was agreed to.
VACANCIES IN COMMITTEES.
Mr. SLIDELL. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
R%otved, That the President pro tempore he authorized
to f,!l the existing vacancies m the committees of the Sen-
ate, and that the additional members of committees spe-
cially authorized by resolutions of the Senate at the last
session be discontinued.
I will state that this additional resolution to
those passed on the second day of the session be-
comes necessary in order to provide for vacancies
made by the election of yourself, sir, a3 President
of the Senate.
The resolution was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. BADGER. Let us not forget, sir, in the
hurry and anxiety to do business, that this is
Thursday. 1 rise to submit the usual motion
that, when the Senate adjourns to-d,ay, it be to
meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Isaac
S. Smith, praying remuneration for loss sustained
in consequence of the annulment of his contract
for the construction of a light-house on Horse
Shoe Reef, in the Niagara river; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of John Thomas, naval archi-
tect, of the city of New York, together with papers
by E. K. Collins, asking for the action of Con-
gress for the better preservation of human life
from shipwreck; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. FITZPATRICK presented the petition of
the register of the land office and the receiver of
public moneys at Montgomery, Alabama, praying
to be allowed the same percentage on the sales of
public lands as was allowed previous to the act of
August 4, 1854; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Samuel
Crapin, praying that the pension allowed him be
made to commence from the time of his disability;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Sarah Harmon, formerly
the widow of Timothy Mmi-ay, be withdrawn from the flies
of the Senate, for the purpose of reference to the Com-
missioner of Pensions.
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, it was
Ordered, That the bill to pay the heirs of Stephen Mo-
rell, decided, tiie arrears of pension due their lather, he
recommitted to the Committee on Pendons.
On motion by Mr. CLAY, it was
Ordered, That, the petition and papers in the case of
Hugh Wallace Wormeley be withdrawn from the fiies of
the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fc-Irs,
NOTICE OF A HILL.
Mr. FOOT gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to extend the statute of
limitations for the prosecution of certain crimes
against the United States.
RESOLUTIONS.
. The resolutions on the Calendar were called in
their order, but the Senate not being ready for
action on them, they were passed over for the
present.
  DEPARTMENT OP LAW.
Mr. ADAMS. I move that the Senate take up
the " bill to establish a Department of Law, to
prescribe certain duties of the Auditors and Comp-
trollers of the Treasury, and for other purposes,"
in order to make it a special order.
The motion was agreed to; and,
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, it was
Ordered, That its further consideration be postponed to,
and made the special order for, Monday, the 18th instant.
GEORGE FISHER.
Mr. BROWN. According to previous notice,
I ask leave to introduce a " bill supplemental to
an act therein mentioned."
Leave was granted, and the bill was read twice
by its title.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, that bill is for
the benefit of a constituent of mine, and proposes
to direct a reexamination of some accounts which,
from some mistake in the taking of evidence, were
rejected originally, on account of their being im-
perfectly authenticated. The authentication is now
perfect; and the object of the bill is simply to have
the accounts adjusted with the benefit of that tes-
timony. I suppose there can be no objection to
it, and if there is not, I hope the bill will now be
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to make it the duty of the
Second Auditor of the Treasury, under the pro-
visions of the " Act for the relief of the legal
representatives of George Fisher, deceased," ap-
proved April 12, 1818, to reexamine the case,
and allow the claimants the benefit of the tes-
timony heretofore marked •' rejected for want of
authentication," if it is now legally authenticated
by the Executive of Alabama. The adjustment is
to be made in strict accordance with the act to
which the bill is barely supplemental.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. What is that bill ?
Mr. DROWN. It is a bill for the benefit of the
legal representatives of George Fisher. The ac-
counts were adjusted and settled two or three years
ago, under an act of Congress. Someitems, how-
ever, were rejected on the ground that the evidence
sustaining them was not authenticated by the Ex-
ecutive of Alabama. That testimony has now been
authenticated, and the bill simply authorizes the
reinvestigation of those items, so as to give to the
claimants the benefit of that testimony. That is
all there is of it.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the bill will be allowed
to pass. It is merely correcting a technical error.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. PEARCE, according to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution providing for the appointment of two Regents
for the Smithsonian Institution; which was read
twice by unanimous consent, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to fill the vacancies in the Board
of Regents, of the class other than members of
Congress by the reappointment of the late in-
cumbents, Rufus Choate, of Massachusetts, and
Gideon Hawley, of New York.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read a third time, and passed.
COMPENSATION OF CONGRESSMEN AND
SUPREME COURT JUDGES.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to give notice that on
Monday next, I shall ask permission of the Sen-
ate to introduce a bill increasing the compensation
of the members of both Houses of Congress, and
of the Judges of the Supreme Court of the United
States.
JACOB M'LELLAN.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill for the
relief of Jacob McLellan.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the consid-
eration of the bill.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to cause to be paid to Jacob McLellan, his
heirs or assigns, $450, that being part of a
penalty imposed upon the ship George Turner,
and paid by McLellan, in December, 1851, for an
alleged violation of the laws of the United States
restricting the number of passengers in merchant
vessels
Mr. HAMLIN. This is a House bill. It re-
ceived, I believe, the unanimous approbation of
the Committee on Commerce of the Senate. The
shortest statement of the case, perhaps, will be
made by reading the printed report of the House
committee, which I ask may be read.
The Secretary read the report.
From the evidence submitted by the petitioner
and obtained from the custom-house at New
York, it appears that the ship, being at the port
of Havre, in October, 1851, was chartered of her
captain, on account of her owners, for a gross
sum, to take passengers to New York, and that
she sailed on the 12th of October, with two hun-
dred and twenty-four passengers. The space in
the ship between decks available for passengers,
was three thousand one hundred and five feet, to-
gether with a deck-house whose measurement was
twenty-eight feet—the latter not being occupied
by passengers during the voyage. The space be-
tween decks allowed the ship to take on board,
for the voyage from Havre to New York, two
hundred and twenty-one passengers, with two
additional for the deck-house, if it had been used
for that purpose.
The first section of the sixteenth chapter of the
laws passed in 1847, prescribes for such a voyage
fourteen feet of deck lor each passenger, and pro-
vides that no stores or other goods, not being the
personal luggage of the passengers, shall occupy
any of the space allotted to them. After the pas-
sengers had been engaged for the ship, the captain
caused a coal-bin, occupying forty-seven feet of
the deck, to be made across the bows, between
decks, to contain the coal for the use of the pas-
sengers, and also a latticed partition across the
after part of the deck, for the purpose of storing
the personal baggage of the passengers; and, in
this state of the vessel, the voyage was success-
fully made, and the passengers were all landed at
New York in good health, making no complaint
of their accommodations or of the treatment or
personal attention bestowed upon them.
After the discharge of the cargo and the landing
of the passengers, the ship was seized by the col-
lector of New York for a violation of the law.
Thereupon the owners petitioned the President
for a remission of the penalty alleged to have
been incurred, who, upon the facts stated by the
owners and the custom-house officers of New York,
imposed upon the vessel a fine of twelve hundred
dollars. A remission of this fine is asked for upon
two grounds; first, that there was no violation of
law in the manner of making the voyage; and
second, that, if there was a violation of law, it
was unintentional on the part of the captain.
To sustain his first position, the petitioner
alleges that the number of passengers on board the
ship was two hundred and twenty-three; that the
ship, including the deck-house, had a legal ca-
pacity for that number; and that the two parti-
tions made between decks were for the accom-
modation of the passengers, and not in violation
of the statute. The answer is, that the return of
the surveyor of New York shows the whole num-
ber of passengers to be two hundred and twenty-
lour; that the deck-house was not used for pas-
sengers, and there is no evidence that it was offered
thc-m for use. So far, then, it appears that the
ship had three passengers more' than the law
allowed her to carry. The allegation that the erec-
tion of the " bin" in theforward part of the vessel
was done to accommodate the passengers, by set-
ting apart a place for their coal, does not relieve the
cass. The law expressly forbids any "stores or
goods other than the personal luggage of the pas-
sengers" to occupy the space prescribed for them.
The coal placed in the bin, although for the use of
the passengers, and located where it would best
accommodate them, was not their " personal lug-
gage." The designation of it most favorable to
the petitioner would be that of passengers' stores,
which are by law expressly excluded from the
space allotted to the passengers. Upon an exam-
ination of the first section of the act referred to,
it appears susceptible of no other construction
than that every passenger should enjoy during
the whole voyage, for himself and his 'personal
