,1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
luggage, in that part of the vessel assigned to pas-
sengers, fourteen superficial feet of deck, and that
the captain or owners of the ship cannot appro-
priate for any other purpose any part of the space
eq set apart for the passengers' use, although
it may be shown that such purpose was designed
to, and did accommodate the passengers. In
this case forty-seven feet of the deck was used
•for purposes other than for the passengers and
their personal luggage, and such use was in viola-
tion of law, and to allow the excuse which has
been offered to avoid the operation and effect of a
statute so express, under circumstances similar to
those attending the case, when an admeasurement
of the ship had been made with reference to her
taking passengers on her return voyage, when the
law is so clear and definite in its terms, and when
the duty of the captain could have been correctly
ascertained, would be to work its practical re-
peal.
The petitioner further ciaifes that the placing a
latticed partition across the deck, in order to stow
the baggage of the passengers in a particular quar-
ter of the deck, was no violation of the law, and
at all events no intentional violation of it. The
nrrangementof the baggage, in the manner stated,
was as conducive to the health and convenience
of the passengers as if it had been suffered to lie
scattered over the deck. It is not denied that this
baggage was the personal luggage of the passen-
gers, and, as such, was rightfully placed between
decks; and, upon the whole evidence presented,
the committee cannot agree that the peculiar
arrangement adopted by the captain was a breach
of the law, and they therefore determine that so
much of the fine as was imposed on the ship by
reason of erecting the latticed partition and the
stowing of the passengers' luggage behind the
same, and which came into the Treasury of the
United States, should be remitted.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
CREEK AND SEMINOLE HOSTILITIES.
Mr. FiT'ZPATRlCK. I move that the Senate
take up the " bill to authorize the payment of cer-
tain claims for depredations and spoliations during
the hostilities with the Creek and Seminole Indians
in 1836 and 1S37," for the purpose of making it a
special order.
The motion was agreed to; and,
On motion by Mr. F1TZPATRICK, it was
Ordered, Tiwt us furtlior consideration ho postponed to,
and made the special order lor, Una day week—the 14th
instant.
PRINTING OF A REPORT.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it wan
Ordered, That the report of tho Tieas-urer of the United
States, communicating copies of hi* account* for the third
and fourth quarters of 18M, and the first and second quar-
ters of 1851, bo printed lor the use of tho Senate.
DES MOINES AND ROCK RIVER.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Revolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to the Senate the report of. the ofheer m
charge of the improvements "I' the ilea Moines and Rock
river rapids of tiie Mississippi liver.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, according to previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill to establish the office of surveyor general for
the Territory of Utah, and to grant lands to actual
settlers; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
DEATH OF PRESLEY EWING.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing the decease of the Hon. Presley
Eiving, a member of that House, from the State of
Kentucky, and the proceedings of the House
thereon; which were read.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Mr. Presi-
dent, I rise to move the unanimous concurrence
of the Senate in resolutions similar to those just
reported from the House of Representatives to
this body. I hope that the Senate will pardon me
in a remark or two. I knew Presley Ewiho
intimately; I knew him well for a long time, in
and out of Congress. I do not design now here !
a prolix biographical sketch, nor do I purpose to
elaborate a eulogy; I, however, ask leave to say
that his popularity and his promise endeared him
to his native Kentucky; in which State,"already
in youth, in and out of his congressional district,
he had secured the confidence, the respect, and
the profound personal attachment of the_ entire
Commonwealth.
It is a sad and calamitous affliction to contem-
plate the death of one who but as yesterday was
buoyant with hope, exultant in maturing man-
hood, full of social vivacity, honor,'wit, and all
that endeared him in his private relations to
crowds of true and admiring friends. By the
inscrutable Providence of the Omnipotent, he has
been called from amongst us. In bowing to the
Divine behest there is a consolation even of this
world, apart from submissive acquiescence in the
Providence of God, to know and to say to his
venerable and aged father that, whilst just, manly,
honorable, and true in his political positions and
views, his son here among his comrades, his
compeers, and the men of his day and age, was
the Hector of Priam's children.
To his numerous, very numerous relations and
friends—not more numerous than respected and
respectable—and to his native State of Kentucky,
it is consoling to know that here, upon the theater
of his brief but brilliant public career, he was
known as a fair political foe, a true gentleman, a
man of high honor, an accomplished scholar, and
of ability admitted, and yet, but just culminating
to usefulness and fame. To the councils of the
Confederacy, and to his native State, his loss is a
sad bereavement. Stricken down before ihe mid-
day of life by a " pestilence that walketh at noon-
day," the recollection of his virtues, his promise,
his unspotted honor, remains to reconcile his
friends and survivors to this decree of an all-wise
Providence.
Mr. President, I do not wish—it would be un-
seemly here—to speak of my friend politically.
I am afraid to trust myself to utter what I per-
sonally deeply feel. I knew and loved him as a
brother. It was reciprocated; und I will only of
him say, by inheritance and education a thorough
gentleman, the hackneyed ways of vice had never
so far touched the purity of his nature, as even in
unguarded moments, by act or by avowal, to make
him seem to forget the religion of his mother, or
the politics of his father, or soil his soul by a dis-
honest or sordid feeling towards his fellow-men.
In life, from hi? cradle to his grave, there was no
stain incurred to rest on his memory now. I
oiler the following resolutions:
Resolved, That tho Senate has received with deep sensi-
bility, the message from the House of l*epresentauves, an-
nouncing tile death of the Hon. Piesley Ewmg, a Ilepie-
soritulive from the Htatc of Kentucky.
Rcmlved, That, in token ol respect to the memory of the
deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. BADGER. I had no knowledge, sir,
when 1 came to the Senate this morning, that the
subject of the death of Mr. Ewing would be
brought to our attention. 1 do not rise for the
purpose of making any speech, delivering any
eulogy, or entering into any discussion respecting
the life and meiits of the deceased. I wish sim-
ply to say, on thisoccasion, a few words to which
my feelings prompt me.
I formed the acquaintance of Mr. Eiving here.
He served in the other House, and I in the Sen-
ate. I have known him intimately, considering
the difference in our respective ages, and our
having served in different branches of Congress.
I knew him, sir, as a man of decided talent, ami-
able temper, and most attractive social qualities.
I was at once attached and, endeared to him, and
I heard of his death with the greatest regret, and
with as much surprise as regret, stricken down,
as he was, in the midst of youth and apparent
vigor of constitution, with every promise of long
life and extended usefulness before him. As 1
heard of his death with regret then, as I cherished
for bim, while living, feelings of friendly regard
and respectful consideration, I shall give my
hearty assent to any resolution intended to mani-
fest the sense of this, as of the other branch of
Congress, upon the melancholy announcement
which we have this day formally received from
the House of Representatives.
The resolutions were unanimously agreed to,
and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 7, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburk.
The Journalof yesterday was read and approved.
INTRODUCTION OP BILLS.
Mr. MAXWELL, by general consent, intro-
duced a bill " to authorize the sale of reserved
lands in the State of Florida;" which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, introduced a bill " making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other pensions
for the year ending June 30, 1854;" which was
read a first and second time by its title, referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. H.,from the same committee, also rrported
a bill " making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the va-
rious Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
185fi;" which received the same order and refer-
ence.
Mr. HENN, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
" making a further appropriation for the improve-
ment of the rapids in the Mississippi river;" which
was read a fust and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce,
Also, a bill 41 for the relief of the owners and
occupants of the town of Omaha City, in the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska, and for other purposes;"
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BARKSDALE, by unanimous consent,
and in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a
bill " to constitute Columbus, in the State of Mis-
sissippi, a port of delivery, and for other pur-
poses;" which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER, by unanimous consent,'
introduced a bill " further to provide for the se-
curity of the lives of passengers in vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam;" which waa
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
CLERK FOR WAYS AND MEANS COMMITTEE.
Mr. HAVEN. As there seems to be a little
lull, or intermission in the business of the House,
I hope the House will indulge me in offering the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
auttioi ized, during the present session, to employ a clerk,
at a compensation not to exceed four dollars a (lay, lor the
time he may be actually employed.
The resolution was received, considered, and
agreed to.
Mr. HAVEN then moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was put and agreed to.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR SYSTEMS.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana, lasktheunaii-
imous consent of the House, that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union be dis-
charged from the further consideration of House
bill (No. 353) " to remodel the diplomatic and
consular systems of the United States," and that
it be re-referred to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs. There was an error in the printing of the
bill last session. „
No objection being made, theSpeaker announced
that it would bo, so ordered.
Mr. SKELTON. I object to that bill being
taken up out of its order.
The SPEAKER. The Chairthinlcs the objec-
tion comes too late. The motion to discharge the
committee has certainly been received by the
unanimous consent of the House. If the gentle-
man desires a division upon it, however, the Choir
will put the question to the House.
Mr. PERKINS. I think the gentleman from
New Jersey does not understand my motion.
The motion is to discharge the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union from the further
consideration of the bill, and to recommit it to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. SKELTON. I have no objection to that
The subject was then dropped.
