22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December T,
BINDING OF ESTIMATES.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wish to ask
leave of the House to introduce a resolution, the
object of which is to provide that the book of es-
timates laid upon our tables shall be cut and bound,
under the direction of the Committee on Printing.
In its present shape, the letter of the Secretary of
the Treasury is almost useless.
The resolution was read, considered, and agreed
to, as follows:
Resolvti, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to have the letter of the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting estimates of appropriations, cut and bound for the
use of members.
ADJOURNMENT TILL MONDAY.
Mr. COX obtained the floor, but yielded it to
Mr. SOLLERS, who moved that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn till Monday next.
Mr. WHEELER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Goode, and
Davis of Indiana, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 89, noes 50.
So the motion was agreed to.
LATE PRESLEY EWING,
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I rise to discharge
the melancholy duty of announcing to this House
the death of my colleague, the Hon. Presley
Ewing, who, at the time of his death, was a
member of this House from the State of Ken-
tucky. Since the close of the last session he has
paid the debt of Nature, and has been summoned
to a state " from whose bourn no traveler re-
turns."
Mr. Ewing left this city a few days before the
adjournment of Congress, in good health, to return
to his paternal home, in his native State—a home
endowed with every blessing which could afford
comfort in this life, and defy the approach of every
enemy of earthly happiness, save affliction, and
theKingof Terrors. There he was received with
'a welcome which none but kindred hearts and
hands can bestow or appreciate.
Besides this, the approving greetings of an intel-
ligent constituency—a constituency who were
proud of their representative whose talents and
zealous discharge of duty had shed luster and
honor upon them—filled the measure of virtuous
ambition. Buthe was not long permitted to enjoy
this enviable condition. The ways of Providence
are inscrutable to man. " In the midst of life we
are in death," and the hour of apparent security is
often the period of the greatest peril. Suddenly and
without premonition the messenger of death exe-
cutes his summons, and hurries his victim to the
dark shadows of the grave.
The deceased was my intimate acquaintance,
associate, and friend. I could dwell upon his
many manly virtues. I could speak of the many
points of loveliness in his character. I could
speak with ardent rapture of the triumphs of his
youthful genius over the many obstacles in his
pathway to the temple of fame. But I will not
detain the House by pronouncing a eulogy on the
deceased. That task belongs more properly to
others who can discharge it with more ability
than I can command. For him, no words of
sympathy or praise need be uttered. His faith in
the efficacy of a mediatorial sacrifice cheered his
path through the dark valley of the shadow of
death, and the rod and staff of supernal power
supported him in the extremities of human suf-
fering.
For us—the living—it may be proper to pause
and reflect that we, too, must soon be summoned
before the same dread tribunal. Let us learn
from his early fate a sense of the transitory and
evanescent character of all sublunary thing's. Let
ua learn sympathy from the sorrows and afflictions
of others, and humility from a sense of our own
fugitive state; and in the beautiful but mournful
language of the poet remember that
"The boast of heraldry, tho pomp or power,
And ail that beauty, all that wealth e'er gave,
Await alske the inevitable hour:
The paths of glcry lead but to the grave."
Mr. Speaker, I offer the following resolutions,
and move their adoption:
Resolved, That this House has heard with emotions of 1
profound sorrow and regret the announcement of the death '
of the Hon. Presley Ewing. who at lb': time of his !
death was a member of this Housf1, from the third con- i
gressionai district of the State of Kentucky, |
Iiesolved, That this House tender to the aged father and
relatives of the deceased the expression ot sympathy on
this afflicting event; and, as a testimonial of its respect to
the memory of the deceased, that the members of this
House will wear the usual badge of mourning for thirty
days.
Reohed, That the Cleik of the House communicate to
the father of the deceased, the Hon. Epbraim M. Ewing, a
copy of these resolutions.
Resolved, As a further mark of respect for the memory
of the deceased, that a copy of these resolutions be com-
municated to the Senate, and that this House do now
adjourn.
Mr. BRISTOW. Mr. Speaker, I would per-
mit the resolutions offered by my colleague in rela-
tion to the death of my predecessor to pass in
siler.ee, but my position as his successor, as well
as my feehngs, prompt me to add some remarks,
as a feeble tribute to the memory of the departed.
Such an expression of respect from the Con-
gress of his country is an august testimonial of
their appreciation of his public worth; but it can-
not convey, either to his contemporaries or pos-
terity, an adequate idea of his bright and gifted
intellect, or the gay and genial heart that has
vanished forever from this assembly. When you
separated, but a short time since, none returned
homeward more full of life, and health, and hope,
or a brighter prospect to return; but while it has
been allotted to mature manhood and old age again
to convene in the public councils, the heart of the
ardent youth to whom you bade farewell is stilled
forever in death.
Presley Ewing was a Kentuckian by birth and
education. He was the eldest son of one of the
most learned and upright jurists of our country.
His father possessed the vigor and enterprise that
characterized the early settlers of the State, and
attained the highest judicial honor Kentucky could
bestow. His health failed, a few years since, under
excessive labor for the public; he yet lingers on a
bed of affliction; in that condition he looked upon
the dead body of his only child but one; and that
one, in delicate health, had the fortitude to sustain,
and probably prolong, the sinking and wasting life
of his affectionate father, under his deep affliction.
The scene was one of trial. In his case silence,
with heartfelt anguish, was the language of grief.
Whose heart so cold as not to vibrate to the chord
of sympathy and condolence with the afflicted
father, surviving brother, relations,and friends?
His estimable, affectionate, and intelligent mother,
on a bed of affliction at the time of the promotion
of her son to Congress, barely lived to hear the
announcement of his election, and tranquilly left
the scenes of mortality. His afflicted father may
well say, in the language of Job: "Oh, that I was
as in months past, when the Almighty was yet
with me, when my children were about me."
Of two sons, who were the pride of his declin-
ing years, Presley was the elder; endowed with
ample gifts by nature, his father secured for him
| the advantage of a liberal education. The seed
j was sown on no barren soil, but brought forth
' abundant harvest. His quick and fertile mind
seized the proffered opportunities, and while free
from the austerities of scholarship, rapidly ac-
quired preeminence in the field of intellect—a
natural delicacy of taste and refinement of senti-
ment characterized his mind, but did not impair
its strength, nor enfeeble its vivacity. After the
termination of his studies at college, his powers
of observation and comparison were still further
cultivated by European travel, and an association
with men of intellectual distinction, not only in
our own, but foreign countries.
When he returned to his native State, the nat-
ural bent of his genius, as well as the partiality
of friends, caused him to embark in political
life. He was returned from his native county to
the Legislature of the State, and there by his
ready powers of debate, and his prompt and ready
perceptions, was marked as one eminently qualified
for parliamentary contests and forensic success.
The sphere of his reputation was enlarged, and
Kentucky regarded him as one of those to whom
her interests were to be intrusted, and on whom
her future honors were to be bestowed.
Four years since, when he had scarcely passed
the age requisite for eligibility, Mr. Ewing was
elected to Congress from the district I now have
the honor to represent. He came upon this arena
replete with hope and talent. He found himself
closely allied in friendship with one whose foster-
ing co.re was well formed to give a wise and noble
direction to his youthful ambilion. The one, full
of years, and dignities, and public honors, wa3
about to close forever his public life and earthly
career; the other, young, sanguine, and talented,
was about to embark upon the stormy sea upon
which the first had been tossed; a short time elapsed
and Henry Clay joined- the patriotic band which
has made the Republic illustrious in history; a few
short years and his young friend ami adherent has
followed him into the dim mansions of the silent
land. The heart of Kentucky is with them both.
If she remembers, with reverential love, the loss
the country endured in the death of the elder
statesman, in her maternal heart, she cannot forget
the bright haired youth of whom she has been of
late bereft in the morning of his promise.
The characteristics of the mind of Mr. Ewms
were peculiar. His individuality was marked
and distinct. Free in the realms of thought as a
hunter in his native forests, no servile immitation
enfeebled or disfigured his oratory. His mind
was clear and vigorous, and he possessed strong
powers of analysis.' His temper for debate was
admirable, and his gay and genial humor cooled
the heat of party controversy, and enabled him
to discuss the most irritating topics in such a
manner as to convert even his adversaries into"
friends. Generous almost to prodigality, and
with the keenest and liveliest sensibilities, these
qualities seemed not only to mark his character,
but to tinge his very thoughts. An exuberant wit,
and powerful sense of the ludicrous, sparkled with
perennial brightness, both in conversation and
debate.
Blended with these attributes, was a strong
natural relish for the beauties of nature, and a
gift of pathos which gave him great attraction as
a popular speaker. He combined, in a rare
degree, the mingled mirth and tenderness of Sterne,
and, as an orator, possessed a pbwer over the
hearts of his audiences similar to that which that
eccentric author exercised over the sensibilities of
his readers. But, notwithstanding these easy
and graceful qualities of mind, he adhered with
tenacity to his principles, and inflexibly main-
tained them.
During his life he was never obnoxious to the
charge of political inconsistency. He continued
a favorite in his district to the time of his death.
His loyalty to his friends.was as fixed as his
opposition to his adversaries was manly and toler-
ant. But, sir, I will not venture to dwell longer
upon this theme, or enlarge upon the abilities and
virtues of the departed. No eulogy of mine can
add to your appreciation of his character; no voice
of mine can extend the sphere of his reputation;
no grief of mine can assuage the anguish of his
venerable father, mourning the loss of his eldest
born; but let his aged parent, as the world recedes
from him, bear with him the sad consolation that
the genial qualities which adorned the heart, and
the brilliant talents that embellished the mind of
his gifted child, are neither forgotten by his
friends nor unremembered by his countrymen.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. Speaker, to the wish of
the Kentucky delegation, that I should participate
in this oblation to our departed associate, my own
heart has given a mournful acquiescence. But
four short months ago we took him by the hand
at parting and wished him God speed, little dream-
ing of the journey he was going on, or that the
chilly hand of death was to come between him
and our welcome back. Secure in that strange
confidence with which mortality ever mocks her
worldly minded children, no passing thought ad-
monished that the bright eye should be dimmed
so soon—the jovial hearty laugh be heard no more
among us. We looked not down the dark valley
his feet were so soon to tread. Our line of vision
reached not half so far, but measured distance
only by our hopes.
The death of Presley Ewing comes nearer
home to individuals in this body, inasmuch as he
had endeared himself to all most fraternally; and
whether we admire his talents and consistent lib-
erality on this floor, or recall around the social
! hearth and board his humorous originality and
oddity, our voices assume of themselves the low
tone of affectionate sorrow, and the smile which
had sprung to the lip fades sadly away. We
cannot but wonder and be amazed at God's prov-
idence—but wonder why one so fitted to cheer and
make others happy, should be so early called.
Why, at the very dawn of a manly existence,
whose morning sun was rising with much more
