1654.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27
committee of conference, except by some motion
which will dispose of the fate of the bill ultimately.
We cannot refer it to one of our own committees;
and I think if the Senator from Pennsylvania will
reflect, he will see thai it is impossible to take that
course consistently with the rules of order. So
far as the postponement of the consideration of
the bill is concerned, I am willing that it shall lie
over until the Senator from Texas, the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, returns.
_ Mr. BRODHEAD. If I believed with my
friend from Virginia that this bill was pending
before the committee of conference, I should not
have made the motion which I submitted to refer
it; but when the committee of conference reported
that they could not agree, that of course termin-
ated their labors, and the bill was then before
the Senate. Hence it was, the committee of con-
ference being out of the way, their functions
ended, that the motion to recede was made; and
if a motion to recede can be entertained, surely a
motion to commit to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads is in order.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to my friend
from Pennsylvania that he is right in this—the bill
was reported back to the Senate by the committee
of conference. But I say, in that condition of
things, you can make but one of three motions,
either to ask for another committee of conference,
or to insist, or to recede. If you recede from your
amendment, the bill is passed; there is an agreement
between the two Houses. If you insist or adhere,
why then either the conference must go on, or the
bill be lost, if the other House also adheres.
That is the only course which it is possible to
pursue.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, there cer-
tainly is no necessity for acting on this bill now,
because the appropriation which it contains has
been virtually made by a previous act of Congress,
and has been enjoyed by the parties for whom it
was proposed to be made by this bill. There
seems to be a disposition on the part of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance [Mr. Hunter]
to wait until the return of the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Whatever be the disposition of it, that Senator,
[Mr. Rusk,] from hi3 standing in this body, and
the deep interest he has manifested in this ques-
tion, is entitled to be heard on the subject. There-
fore, for the purpose of carrying out the views of
the honorable Senator from Maine, and the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia, I move to lay the
bill on the table, with the understanding that it
can be called up on the return of the honorable
Senator from Texas,
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to its
taking that course. I hope, though, the motion
of the Senator from Pennsylvania will not be con-
sidered or entertained. If he chooses hereafter to
present it, he may do it, and let the question then
tie raised.
Mr. BRODHEA.D. It seems to me that we
should gain byreferrine: the bill to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Itoads. If we do so,
the Senator from Texas, being the chairman of
that committee, as soon as he returns will have
the bill before him. That is the proper place for
him to consider it. If the Senate should be ot
opinion that the subject ought to be considered
bv a committee, why not refer it now ? We gain
Does the Senator make
by a committee, why
time by it.
The PRESIDENT.
the motion to refer?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do.
Mr. HUNTER. I raise the question of order
on it.
The PRESIDENT. The first question is
whether the bill is properly before the Senate, in
other words, whether it was left among the un-
finished business of the last session. The Chair
has no difficulty in deciding that it was so left,
under a resolution adopted at the last session, on
the motion of the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Sljpell.] That resolution will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolced, That all subjects before the Senate at the close
of the present sespmn, including those before committees,
shall be continued to the nexl session, and shall then be
proceeded with m the same manner a? if no adjournment
of the Senate had taken place; and the papers which have
been referred to the committees, and may lie in their pos-
session at the close of the session, shall be returned in-
formally to the Secretary, and by liim restored to the com-
mittees when appointed at the next session.
Tlie PRESIDENT. The bill, with the amend-
ment, was reported back by the committee of
conference, and no action had by the Senate prior
to the adjournment sine die. The Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Pratt,] however, moved that
the Senate recede from the amendment. The Sen-
ate adjourned sine die before that motion was dis-
posed of, and that is now the pending question.
Mr. WELLER. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the subject until to-morrow
week.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Does that take precedence
of my motion ?
The PRESIDENT. Is that a motion to refer?
Mr. BRODHEAD. It is.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to a question of order.
Can the Senator move to refer the bill to a com-
mittee, while it is in its present condition?
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Cali-
fornia moves to postpone.
Mr. WELLER. That is my motion. It is
simply to postpone the further consideration of
the subject until to-morrow week.
Mr. BADGER. That has precedence.
The PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to know whether the
motion 1 submitted, to lay the bill on the table,
has not precedence over all ?
The PRESIDENT. That overrides the other
motions; it has precedence.
Mr. SEWARD. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to, and the "bill was
ordered to lie on the table.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 11, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Mii.hurw.
The Journal of Thursday was read andapproved.
EXPENDITURES IN THE STATE AND WAR
DEPARTMENTS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House commu-
nications from the State and War Departments,
transmitting, in compliance with law, full and
detailed accounts of expenditures of moneys
appropriated for their respective services; which,
on motion, were laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Also, journal and resolutions of the Legislative
Council of Utah Territory; which were, on motion,
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
* ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the
following titles; which thereupon received the
Speaker's signature:
An act for the relief of Enoch S. More; and
An act to relinquish to the State of Wisconsin
the lands reserved for salt springs therein.
MICHIGAN LA.NDS.
Mr. CLARK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill of which previous notice hud been
given; which was read a first and second time by
its title, as follows, and referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims:
A bill to confirm the entry to certain lands in
the State of Michigan.
AMERICAN MEDIATION OF THE EASTERN
WAR.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I desire the
introduction of a joint resolution, with a view to
its reference to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
I hope there may be no objection.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
A Joint Resolution requesting the President to tender the
mediation of the United States to the Powers engaged m
Ihc Eastern war.
Whereas, the people of the United States see, with re-
gret, that several of the gieat Towers of Europe are engaged
in a war which threatens to be of long duration, and disas-
trous in its consequences to the industrial and &ocial in-
terests of a large portion of the civilized world, and being,
under the favor of Providence, m the full enjoyment of
Uie blessings of peace, distant from the theater of conflict,
disconnected with the causes of quarrel, between theparUes
belligerent, and as: a nation having no immediate interest
in the contest, and while not recognizing the right to inter-
fere either by force or even by menace, nevertheless, are
of opinion that the controversy is susceptible of pacific ad-
justment, through the interposition ofaneutral and friendly
Power: Tlieretore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United Slates of America in Congress assembled,
That the President be requested to tender to the belliger-
ents the mediation of the UnitedStates,m such manner as,
in his judgment, may seem most hkeiy to lead to a pacifi-
cation.
• Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire that it shall go to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 feel it to be a sense of
duty to object to that resolution. .
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of enabling me to introduce
it. I merely want to have it referred to a com-
mittee.
Mr. SOLLERS. Is it in order to move to lay
that resolution upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. It is not; the resolution not
being before the body.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
move to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. JONES. When does the time for sus-
pending the rules expire?
The SPEAKER. It is in order to suspend the
rules on every Monday.
The question was then taken; and the House
refused to suspend the rules, only forty-seven
voting in the affirmative.
RELIEF OP THE KANE EXPEDITION.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolution,
merely for the purpose of having it referred to a
committee:
Resolved by the Senate nnd Hawse of Hcprczcvtat.i ties of
the United States of Jim erica in Congress assembled, That
the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to cause an
adequate steamer and a transport vessel to be purchased or
chartered, and to bo fitted out, and equipped, and piovis-
ioned, for the purpose of conveying relief tothcexpcdiiion
under the command of Doctor Elisha Kent Kane, of the
United States Navy, which sailed in May, J853, for the
Arctic seas, in search of Sir John Franklin ; and to detail
such officers and men from the Navy, and to accept the
services of nuch volunteers, at hia discretion, as ntay be
required for the conduct and manning thereof. And that
the expenses hereby authorized be paid out of any ruoney
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the
reception of that resolution.
Mr. FLORENCE. X hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection. I wish merely to have it
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. JONES. I do not withdraw my objection.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to suspend the
rules to enable me to present it.
Mr. ROBBINS. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.^
The question was then taken; and the Huuse
refused to suspend the rules.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Asbury Diciuns, their Secretary, informing
the House that they had passed, without amend-
ment, House bill (No. 393) for the relief of Jacob
McLellan.
Also, that they had passed a joint resolution
(No. 28) for the appointment of Regents in the
Smithsonian Institution; and a bill (No. 501) sup-
plemental to an act therein mentioned.
MEM PIUS NAVY-YARD.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, offered the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to this House any proposition winch may have been
made to the Government by the city authorities of Mem-
plus, relative to the navy-yard property recently ceded to
that city, together with hid views and those of the Navy
Department, as to the propriety of accepting the proposed
recession, and of reestablishing a naval depot and yard of
construction at Memphis.
BINDING OF FINANCE REPORT.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The annual
report upon the state of t'ne finances is now laid
upon our tables, as usual, in an uncutand unbound
condition. I propose to offer a resolution for their
binding, similar to the one I offered the other day
in reference to the estimates of the Secretary of
the Treasury. I ask the consent of the House to
offer the following:
Resolved, Thai the Committee on Printing be directed to
have the report of the Secretary of tile Treasury on the
state of the finances cut and bound, for the use of the
members of this House.
There was no objection; and the resolution was
received and adopted.
