28
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
December 11,
CAPTAIN THOMAS PORTER, DECEASED.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I ask the consent of
the House to introduce a joint resolution.
There was no objection; and the resolution was
introduced, and read a first and second time by its
title, as follows:
A bill for the relief of the children of Captain
Thomas Porter, deceased.
Mr. LANE.* I propose to ask that that reso-
lution shall be put upon its passage; and that the
House may understand the grounds upon which
it is based, I send to the clerk's table a letter from
the Commissioner of Pensions, which I ask may
be read.
The letter was read. It states that an act was
passed during the last session directing that the
name of Captain Thomas Porter be placed upon
the roll of invalid pensions, at twenty dollars per
month, commencing on the 2d day of March, A.
D. 1831, deducting from said amount such sum
or sums as had been heretofore allowed and paid'
to him as pension money. It now appears, how-
ever, that Captain Porter died on the 6th day of
February before the act was passed. Under these
circumstances further action of Congress is neces-
sary before the money can be paid to his children.
The joint resolution was then read in extenso.
It provides that the pension due Captain Thomas
Porter by the act of August 5, 1854, be paid to
his administrator, to be distributed by him in the
same manner as arrearages of pensions to deceased
pensioners are distributed.
Mr. LANE. I will state to the House that while
the bill for the relief of Captain Porter was pending,
he died. After the news of his death reached this
city, I had the bill amended so as to provide for
the payment of the money to his administrator;
and the bill passed this House in that shape. It
went to the Senate, and they, not knowing of the
death of Captain Porter, struck out that provision.
It came back to the Houseand my colleague, [Mr.
Hendricks,] believing that the money could be
drawn under the bill as it came from the Senate,
moved to concur, and it passed in that shape.
This joint resolution provides merely that the
money shall be paid to the administrator for the
benefit of the children of Captain Porter. 1 hope
the House will pass it.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was subsequently read the third time,
and passed.
MILITARY SUPERVISION OF CIVIL WORKS.
Mr. SAPP, by,unanimous consent, offered the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Re-soloed, That the special committee appointed at the
last session, on the subject of military supervision of civil
works, and winch reported only m part, be continued with
all its powers, to examine and repon upon those branched
of the inquiry intrusted to them not yet reported upon.
BUSINESS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. HAMILTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday,
the 19th, 20th, and 21st instant, be set apart for business for
the District of Columbia.
Mr. SKELTON. I o&ject to that.
Mr. HAMILTON. Then I move to suspend
the rules. Some time ought to be devoted to the
business of this District, and the resolution only
asks for three days.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds voting in
favor thereof,) and the resolution was considered,
and agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported the following bills; which
were severally read a firstand second time by their
respective titles, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Unions and ordered to
be printed:
A bill making appropriation for the support of
the Military Academy for the year ending 30th of
June, 1856; and
A bill making appropriation for the support of
the Army for the year ending 30th June, 1856.
POSTPONEMENT OF THE SPECIAL ORDER 
THE PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the House will indulge
me, I desire to make a motion now to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with a view that we may distribute, at this early
period of the session, the President's message to
the various committees, that they may have it
before them for the purpose of carving out and
preparing the business of the session.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama, and perhaps the House, may not remember
that there is%a special order in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union that would
control the committee.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire that that special
order shall be postponed. I move that it be post-
poned until the second Tuesday in January next;
and I will state my reason for making that motion.
When the special order was postponed until this
day, at the last session, it was understood that
the reports of the engineers would be laid upon
the tables of members at the opening of this pres-
ent session. I have called on the Secretary of
War, and he informs me that no reports of sur-
veys will be laid before the House before about
the 1st of January. Some of them have come in
but lately, and it has been impossible to compile
and arrange them so as to be intelligible. They
win, however, all be here by the 1st of January
next, and the subject can then be fully and fairly
considered, with these reports in the hands of
members. I hope the House will consent to the
postponement.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now renew my motion.
ENGRAVING OF MAPS PACIFIC RAILROAD
SURVEYS.
Mr. McDOUGALL (Mr. HousTONtemporarily
yielding the floor) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the maps accompanying the report? of
engineers of the Pacific railroad surveys be lithographed and
printed for the use of the members of this Hou^e.
DISCIPLINE OF THE NAVY.
Mr. BOCOCK, (Mr. Houston further yield-
ing the floor,) by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill " to provide for the more efficient discipline
of the Navy;" which was read a first and second
time by its title, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
EXCUSE FROM SERVICE ON A COMMITTEE.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, (Mr. Houston
still yielding.) I have been placed this session
upon the Committee on Foreign Affairs. I was
before upon the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia. As I understand that there are gentlemen
in the House who are not upon any committee, I
ask to be excused from serving upon the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion of
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr Houston,]
and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the V^hole on the state of the
Union, Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee, in the Chair.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move to take up the
annual message of the President of the United
States to the two Houses of Congress at the
present session, for distribution to the various
committees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. In connection with this
subject I propose the following resolutions:
1. Resolved, Tint so much of the annual message of the
President of the United Slates to the two Houses of Con-
gress at the present session, as relates to our foreign affairs,
together with the accompanying correspondence iu relation
thereto; to marking the boundary between the United
States and the British possessions in the Norihwest, as des-
ignated in the convention of the 15th June, 1846; to the
extinguishment of the possessory rights of the Hudson's
Bay Company and of the Pugei Sound Agricultuial Com-
pany, under the third and fourthartielesof said convention,
be referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
2. Resolved, That so much of the said mes=age and ac-
companying papers a? relates to the existing tariff', and rec-
ommends a revision and change of its provisions j to the con-
dition of the Treasury; to the finances of the Government;
to the public debt and its repayment; to the receipts and
expenditures ; together with the i: estimates for appropria-
tions," be referred to the Committee ot Ways and Means.
3. Resolved, That so much of the said message and ac-
companying documents as relates to the Army ofthe United
States, and recommcnds an increase and modification of the
same, together with all recommendations for new arsenals,
forts, magazines, and barracks, or the discontinuance of old
ones, be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
4. Resolved, That eo much of the said message and ac-
companying documents as relates to the Navy of the United
States, and recommends an increase and reform of the same,
be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
5. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents asrelatesto the modification ofthe pres-
ent judicial system of the United States; to the records and
papers of a public character; of the several officers of the
Government; to making false entries in said books, or re-
turning false accounts, be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
6. Resolved, That so much of the said message and ac-
companying papers as relates to our intercouise with the
various Indian tribes, be referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
7. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Post Office Department,
its operation and condition, be referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
8. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as rclatesto commerce; to a revision of
the existing laws for the maintenance of discipline, and the
protection of life and property at sea, be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
9. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the public lands, their sur-
vey and sale ; to grants of land in aid of the construction
of railroads; be referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
10. Resolved, That so much of the said message and
accompanying documents as relates to the district of
Columbia, be referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
11. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the public buildings and
grounds, he referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
12. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to patents, the condition and
operations of the Patent Office, and the modification of ex-
isting patent laws, be referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have endeavored in these
resolutions to distribute the various subjects enu-
merated in the President's message to the appro-
priate committees, in accordance with the rules of
the House. I have prepared them in strict con-
formity to those rules; and unless there be some
objection, I would like the vote to be taken on all
these resolutions at once.
Mr. GIDDINGS then addressed the committee,
remarking that he desired to call the attention of
the country rather to the omissions of the message
than to any of the doctrines contained therein.
He referred to the fact that for the first time in
twenty-five years the Executive of the United
States had failed to call attention to the subject of
slavery. The President had even omitted to
notice any of the points relating thereto contained
in his former message; and this, he contented,
was caused by the voice of the people, as recently
announced at the ballot-box.
The speech will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I do notknow
that I have any desire to discuss the President's
message, or that I have any amendments to offer
to the resolutions which have been presented by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means; but gentlemen would like to see these
resolutions in print, and have an opportunity of
learning whether they will cover the whole ground
embraced in the President's message. For the
purpose, therefore, of affording that opportunity*
I move that the committee do now rise.
[Loud cries of " No !"]
The question was taken, and the committee
refused to rise.
J-^ke question now being upon the adoption of
Mr. Houston's resolution,
Mr. WHEELER moved the following as an
additional resolution:
Whereas, the eleventh clause ofthe eighth section of
the first aiticle of the Constitution of the United States,
declares that " the Congress shall have power"—"to
declare war, grant letters of marque and reprisal, and make
rules concerning captures on land and water," &c ; and
whereas, the Constitution doth not invest the President of
the United States, or any Department of the Federal Gov-
eminent, or any officer thereof, with power to declare war,
or to levy or make offensive war, upon or against any for-
eign State, or Government, or community, or the people
thereof, without the previous action of "the Congress  
authorizing the same; and whereas, information is in pos-
session ofthis: House of the bombardment by a vessel ofthe
iVavy of the United States, of a town situate in a foreign
country, against which no declaration of war had been
previously made, nor warlike hostilities by the Federal
Government, authorized by "the Congress and,also,of
the invasion of said country by an armed force from said
vessel, under the flag ofthe United States, and commanded
