80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
Which were then signed by the President pro
tempore.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Mar-
garetta Dupignac, daughter of Bezaleel Howe,
an officer in the revolutionary war, praying to be
allowed a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of Susan Palmer, widow of
Junis B. Palmer, an officer of New York volun-
teers in the last war with Great Britain, praying
to be allowed bounty land; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of residents of the State of New
York, praying that measures may be taken to
secure to American citizens, residing or traveling
in foreign countries, the enjoyment of the rights
of conscience and of public worship; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Also, the memorial of Miguel Montiel, an offi-
cer in Colonel Domingo's company of spies in
the Mexican war, praying that bounty land may
be granted him and the other members of that
company; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
ALo, the petition of DennisonE. Seymour, rep-
resenting that he was induced through misrepre-
sentations to enlist in a company of United States
engineers, and praying remuneration for losses
sustained, and hardships endured in consequence
thereof; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted additional documents
in relation to the claim of the heirs of James Bell,
deceased; which were referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. N0RR1S presented the petition of the heirs
of Simon Smith, praying to be allowed thearrears
of pension, which they allege to have been due
him; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Also, the memorial of Justin Spaulding, asking
pay for his services as chaplain on board ihe ship
Independence; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Ebe-
nezer Hitchcock, a soldier in the last war with
Great Britain, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the petition of the
heirs of James Heard, deceased, a captain in the
New Jersey line of the Continental Army, pray-
ing to be allowed the half pay for life to which he
was entitled; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. CA SS presented a document in relation to
the claim of Judge Schley and Judge Witherell to
compensation for extra services while United
States judges for the Territory of Michigan; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the petition ef William A. Cameron, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Revoluuonary Claims.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, it was
Ordered, That the r^poit of the Committee on Claims on
the memorial of Charles Homer, be recommitted to the
Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, it was
Ordaed, That the pennon of General Robert Armstrong,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Pensions. ~
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, it was
Ordered. That Joseph Nock have leave to withdraw his
pentioa and papers.
REPORTS FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred a bill for the
reiief of Caailes W. Carroll, reported it back
without amendment.
[Ie  i<so, from the same committee, to whom
waa referred a bill from the House of Representa-
tives granting bounty land to Cornelius Coffey,
reported it back without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred liie bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives for the relief of Eleanor Hoople, 'of the
Province of Canada, reported it back without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition ofSimeoti Stedflian,pray-
ing payment of an amount due him for services as
a soldier in the last war with Great Britain, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, gave notice of his
intention to ask leave to introduce a bill 10 give to
railroad companies three years within which to
pay the duties on iron imported for railroad pur-
BOUNTY LAND LAWS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. In pursuance of previous
notice, I ask leave to introduce a bill " in addition
to certain acts granting bounty land to certain
officers and soldiers who have been engaged in the
military service of the United States," which I
ask may be read a first time, and ordered to be
printed. I will not ask for its reference to a stand-
ing comrftittee, for reasons which I will state when
I call it up for consideration in a few days.
The bill was read a first time, and passed to a
second reading. It was also ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHIELDS, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce the
following bills; which were severally read a first
and second time by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce:
A bill to continue the improvement of the Illi-
nois river;
A bill to continue the improvement of the harbor
of Waukegan, in Illinois, on Lake Michigan; and
A bill to continue the improvement of the harbor
of Chicago, in Illinois.
He also asked and obtained the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to introduce a bill for the relief
of Thomas T. Russell, of Florida; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
* JUDICIARY SYSTEM.
Mr. BUTLER. I give notice that I shall ask
the Senate, on the first Tuesday in January next,
to take up for consideration the bill reported at
the last session by the Committee on the Judiciary,
to modify and amend the judicial system of the
United States. I ask that it be made the special
order for that day.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and its further consideration
was postponed to, and made the special order for,
Tuesday, January 2, 1S55.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. EVANS. Mr. President, a bill has been
before the Senate since March last, to provide for
the settlement of the claims of the officers of the
revolutionary army. It was postponed at a late
day of the last session, to the first day of this
session, but was not taken up. I now move that
it be taken up, and made the special order of the
day for the first of January next.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
postponed to, and made the order of the day for,
Monday, January 1, 1855.
CHAPLAINS TO CONGRESS.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, the^Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution sub-
mitted by him on the 5th instant:
Resolved, That two chaplains of Congress, of diilercnt
denominations, be chosen, one by eacii of the two Houses,
to serve during the present session.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I move to amend the
resolution by striking out the words " of different
denominations." I believe it is quite unnecessary
that we should hamper ourselves in respect to the
different denominations, especially as my friends,
the Methodists, are divided into a Church North,
and a Church South, and may therefore, for the
purposesof this resolution, be regarded o.r, different
denominations. I believe this to be a hostile move-
ment directed at the present chaplain [Mr. Slicer]
of this House, v/ho is my choice, and I wish to
oppose it here and everywhere. I believe it is a
movement directed at him, and because of his
sentiments upon the very question which has
severed and snapped the cords which once bound
the Methodist Church, North and South.
Mr. SEWARD. I will barely state, sir, that
this resolution was drawn by me in the customary
form, as I have always understood it to be. I
have no tenacity about the denominations. I have
no objection to having both chaplains of one
denomination. I have no objection to taking them
from different denominations, or any denomina-
tion. If it be the pleasure of the Senate to change
the practice in that respect which has heretofore
prevailed, and it shall be agreed to by the House
of Representatives, I shall make no objection. I
see, however, no objection to the old system, and
I had supposed it would be most acceptable to
Congress.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I think there is
a joint rule of the two Houses, which requires
that chaplains shall be elected, one for each
House, and that joint rule prescribes, according
to my recollection, that they shall be of different
denominations. Now, I do not see why the Sen-
ator from New York should offer a resolution to
go into the election of chaplains, and declare that
we shall conform to that rule, unless he has some
specific reason for doing so; and if the Senator
from New York has a specific reason for doing
so, I suggest to that Senator that he disclose it to
the Senate. Sir, if 1 am right in the assumption
that the joint rule requires the chaplains elected
to be of different denominations, then it rests
with the two Houses to conform to that rule, and
if they do not conform to it, each House is re-
sponsible for its action. I shall, with great
pleasure, vote for a resolution to go into the
election of chaplains, but I see no reason patent
upon the resolution, why we should be required
in doing so to conform to any existing rule.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will remark
that there is no such joint rule. The matter has
heretofore depended on the action of the two
Houses, and I believe it has been the practice to
declare that the chaplains should be of different
denominations.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
Virginia has proceeded upon a supposititious case,
which, I think, is entirely erroneous. I know of
no such joint rule. If the honorable Senatorfrom
Virginia does, he will have the goodness to point
out that rule to the Senate. If there be no law of
the United States, and no joint rule on the subject,
then 1 do not know how otherwise we are to reach
this election than by a joint resolution. The joint
resolution which I have offered is copied from the
joint resolutions which have been heretofore
passed by the two Houses of Congress at every
session since I have had any knowledge of their
proceedings. As I said before, I have no specific
object—if I had I should explain it. In regard to
any personal question in this matter, 1 can say
that I know nothing of any such question. On
the second day of the session, when we met here,
the question arose about chaplains—whether a
chaplain was to "be elected in the proceedings
necessary to organize the House. I offered tliis
resolution in this shape, without the knowledge
of the fact that the two chaplains who officiated
at the last session were of the same denomination.
I offered it in this form, because it was the cus-
tomary form.
That is all I have to say, sir, on that subject;
but, since I am up, I will explain how it is that it
seems to be necessary to have a resolution to pro-
ceed to the election of Chaplain.
At the last session—the first session of this
Congress—a joint resolution, similar in all respects
to this resolution, and I believe in hive verba, was
passed by this body, and sent to the other House,
of course. That resolution provided that two
chaplains should be elected of different denom-
inations, one by each House, for that session of
Congress. It went to the other House, and there
that resolution was laid upon the table. After-
; wards a joint resolution was introduced into that
1 House, by which it was provided that two chap-
lains should be elected for this Congress. The
other House proceeded, under that resolution, to
elect a chaplain. They notified this House, not
that they had passed the joint resolution formerly
passed by the Senate, but that they had passed a
! joint resolution for the election of chaplains, one
by each House; and in the notice which they gave
they stated that the election v/as for that session
of Congress. When that notification carae here
that resolution was read, but, as I learn from the
Secretary, no action v/as had upon it; there was
no concurrence in it; but the Senate, without any
action upon it, on the motion of the honorable
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Jones,] proceeded to
