1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
the election of a chaplain, and the present in-
cumbent was elected.
Then the matter stands in this way: that at
the last session each House elected a chaplain
without any joint resolution or joint agreement
for that purpose. We certainly have no chaplain
now, because the chaplain elected by the Senate
last year was elected for the last session only.
I have nothing to say, sir, in regard to the im-
putations upon the motives which actuate me in
this transaction. I am prepared to act with the
Senate in the appointment of a chaplain of any
denomination, and to acquiesce in any choice they
may make. I claim, of course, the right to vote
as £ think best. If it be the pleasure of the Sen-
ate to agree to the motion to strike out, 1 have no
objection. *
Mr. CASS. If this were a resolution intro-
duced at the commencement of a term of Congress
I should vote for it; but we have only a,very short
session before us. There are now two gentlemen
acting as chaplains who acted during the last
session, and it seems to me to be the better course
to continue them for the short time which re-
mains.
Mr. WELLER. I should like to ascertain
whether the chaplains were elected at the com-
mencement of the last session under a resolution
similar to this, requiring that they should be of
different denominations. I understand that the
chaplain of the House of Representatives, as well
as the chaplain of the Senate, is a member of the
Methodist church; but one, it is said, belongs to
the Church South, and the other to the Church
North, and if so it has been construed that they
belong to different denominations. Now, what I
desire to ascertain is whether, at the last session,
we elected under a resolution requiring that chap-
lains of different denominations should be elected
for the respective Houses. In other words, I wish
to ascertain whether the Senator from New York
intends by this resolution to supersede the present
incumbent. I am for the reflection of Mr. Sheer,
he having given satisfaction, as 1 think, to the
reasonable portion of the Senate. I should like
to have that information, Mr. President, before
the vote is taken.
Mr. STUART. We elected on our own mo-
tion last year, I understand.
The PRESIDENT. The Secretary will read
from the Journal the proceedings at the last ses-
sion in relation to this question.
The Secretary read, as follows, from the Jour-
nal of Monday, December 5, 1853:
" Mr. Briout submitted Ibe following resolution ; which
waa considered by anaiiimoiis consent, and to :
« Uesohedy That two chaplain*, of ilillVrent denomina-
tions, be appointed tor the present <mo by raoh
House, and interchange, weekly, between the two
Houses."
He also read the following from the Journal of
Wednesday, December 7, 1853:
" A mcHfage from the House of Representatives, by Mr.
McKkan, thrir Chief Clerk :
"Mr. i'Rrsini- vT: The House of llfpreppnmtivcs havr
priced a icsoluiion fo  thoolc-non of two chaplain* to offi-
ciate alternately during the present session of Congress."
*******
" The resolution of the House of Repicsentativen for the
election of elinplain having h' i'ii
" On motion by Mr. Jonkm, of tow.i,
" Tile Senate |>ioi;eedt'<l lu llie election ofn chaplain, oil
then jrait, urn! the Uev. Henry Sheer win duly elected "
Mr. WELLER. It seems, sir, from the read-
ing of the Journal, that the House of Represent-
atives never agreed to the resolution which was
originally submitted to, and adopted by, the Sen-
ate, requiring that the chaplains should be of
different denominations. The House of Repre-
sentatives simply passed a resolution to proceed
to the election of a chaplain for each branch of
Congress. The election was held under the res-
olution of the House of Representatives, it having
been concurred in by the Senate. Therefore, 1
think, at the commencement of the last session of
Congress, there was no resolution, no vote of the
Senate inquiring that the chaplains should he of
different denominations. 1 am in favor of having
the election in the same way and in the same
manner in which it was held at the commencement
of the last session.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President,! will state
again how I understand that transaction to have
occurred. No joint resolution was passed by both
Houses. So the elections, such as they were,
Were made by the two Houses severally, under
some misapprehension, without a joint agreement
to elect at all. 1 understand the House, in point
of fact,—and so it appears by their Journal when
they entered on the election,—elected a chaplain
for the Congress; but when they sent a notice of
what they had done to the Senate, that notice
stated that they had elected for the session. I
suppose the Senate misunderstood the message
which was received from the House, and pre-
sumed the House had concurred in the Senate's
resolution, and, under that mistake, they proceeded
to elect, and elected for the session. But it turns
out that there was no joint resolution passed; eo
that neither election was held in pursuance of one
but each election was conducted by each House
upon its own authority and in its own way.
In regard to the requirement that the chaplains
should be of different denominations, it has seemed
to me to be a salutary and an impartial rule. I
prefer that way. I have no prejudice against the
present incumbent. It is not aiiy question about
the present incumbents in the two Houses that
determines my vote. I am not tenacious about
retaining that portion of the resolution, though I
hope we shall continue according to the old cus-
tom, because 1 prefer to stand on the ancient ways,
unless there be some reason for a change.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, the election
of chaplains of different denominations requires,
of course, the joint action of both branches of
Congress. The House of Representatives, at the
last session, virtually refused to agree to a resolu-
tion of that character. They proceeded to elect a
chaplain of their own, without paying any regard
whatever to the denomination to which the chap-
lam of the Senate might belong. I am in favor,
therefore, of proceeding in the same manner in
which the House of Representatives have pro-
ceeded. They have elected their chaplain, and I
desire now that the Senate should proceed to elect
theirs. The House of Representatives have virtu-
ally refused to accede to a proposition similar to
that which is now submitted by the Senator from
New York, and to which the House must accede
before it can be carried out; and for that reason I
prefer that the Senate should elect its own chap-
lain, irrespective of the House.
Mr. STUART. Perhaps, Mr. President, it is
not in order to offer a substitute for this resolu-
tion, which shall make it merely a resolution of
the Senate. 1 am inclined to think not, though
the Chair may disagree with me; but that is the
object I should like to reach. The House has its
chaplain for the whole Congress; we have one, it
seems, for a single session. Now, sir, there is a
manifest impropriety in offering and passing a
resolution which shall call on the House to dis-
place its chaplain, electcd for the Congress, and
go into a new election. It has become a distinct
matter of the two Houses. Our object can be
best attained, it seems to me, only by electing a
chaplain for this session. If I am right in sup-
posing that it is not in order to amend this resolu-
tion for that purpose, 1 shall vote to reject it; and
then, if no other Senator does it, I shall offer a
simple resolution to proceed to the election of a
chaplain for this session.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I have looked
upon it, since I have been in the Senate, as a mat-
ter of invariable usage—and 1 think a very proper
usage—in providing for the alternating, between
the two Houses, of their chaplains; also to pro-
vide that those chaplains should be of different
denominations. It is a matter of proper deference
to public opinion, to tay nothing more of it, that
our business here on each day should be opened,
according to the forms of the different religious
sects, by prayer, and I have yielded cheerfully to it;
but I think that that usage which would show to
the world that the Congress of the United States
favors no particular religion, should be preserved
and maintained. I had thought—and I was con-
firmed in that opinion by some Senators around
me—that this matter of constant usage rested on a
joint rule of the two Houses. It seems, however,
that it rests only upon a concurrent or joint res-
olution adopted at each Congress. Now, I am
for adhering to that usage, as for as I can do it by
my vote. I think it is salutary that we should
not even appear to favor any particular religious
denomination, or give a preference to one over
another. Cut if the Senator from Michigan, who
last spoke, [Mr. Stuakt,] be correct in saying that
we have got into a little tangle with the House, by
the House having, at the last session, elected a
chaplain for the whole Congress, while we elected
for but one session, I think, with him, the better
way to disentangle it is to vote down, if it be per-
severed in, the proposition of the Senator from
New York, which, I understand, is the usual joint
resolution,and elect, for this session only, a chap-
lain for the Senate. Then at the next session the
matter can be remedied by the usual joint resolu-
tion. There would appear to be a tangle between
the two Houses—I dare say inadvertently—and
we could not ask the House now to displace its
chaplain, with a view to return to the former usage.
The PRESIDENT It is not a joint resolution
that is before the Senate; it is a simple resolution,
and it is clearly in order to strike out all after the
word " Resolved," and insert any other matter in
relation to the subject.
Mr. STUART. Then, if the Senator from
Iowa will withdraw his amendment, I will offer a
substitute.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I withdraw it.
Mr. STUART. I offer the following as a sub-
stitute for the resolution:
Resolved, That the Senate will now proceed to the elec-
tion of a chaplain for the Senate for the present session.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hope the substitute
will be adopted. WhenI fight a chaplain, or any
other man, 1 will do it, and in such a manner that
he and his friends will know that I am fighting
him eye to eye. I know, sir, the motives whence
this attack springs. I know that it is directed at
a man whose only crime is that he has offered
up his daily invocation for the preservation of
this Union, and because he is a supporter of
the Constitution of the United States. I know
that that man has been denounced in all of the
northwestern States as the corrupt and supple
instrument of the South, and of southern men, as
I myself have been denounced. Thus has this
man been assailed. Falsehoods and anecdotes
have been told upon him—emanating from the
floor of the Senate, and the other branch of Con-
gress—and retailed and repeated by itinerant
and incendiary Abolition lecturers. He has been
charged with having prayed daily for the passage
of those compromise measures for which the ven-
erable and now departed Senator from Kentucky
[Henry Clay] spoke away his lungs. He has
been arraigned, indicted, and lied about through-
out my entire section of country by traveling
minions from this and the other branch of Con-
gress. Sir, when 1 desire to fight a chaplain, or
a Senator, I will fight him for reasons openly
given; I will not do it behind a bush; I will not
seek by joint resolutions and indirect movements
to accomplish that which 1 dare not openly avow.
The amendment of Mr. Stuart was agreed to;
and the resolution as amended was adopted. The
Senate accordingly proceeded te ballot, with the
following result:
Rev. Henry Slicer received.  24 votes.
Rev. H. W. Beecher ...... 3 "
Rev. S. I>. Stanton  9
Rev. Mr. Hodges   2 "
Rev. Smyth Pyne %  1 "
Rev. Byron Sunderland 1 "
Whole number of votes cast 40
Necessary to a choice 21
The Rev. Henry Slicer having received a
"majority of the votes cast, was declared duly
elected chaplain of the Senate for the present
session.
ISAAC M. SIGLER.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill from the House of Representatives
for the relief of Isaac M. Sigler, of Putnam
county, Indiana.
its object is to place the name of Isaac M.
Sigler on the list of invaiid pensioners, at the ratr
of eight dollars per month, from April 1, 1854.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third readiDg, read a
third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several messages in writing having been received
from the President of the United States, on motion
by Mr. MASON, the Senate proceeded to the
consideration of Executive business; and, after
some time spent therein, the doors were reopenedj
and the Senate adjourned.
