84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to know if the
gentleman voted for the river and harbor bill ?
Mr. SfvELTON. I voted for the river and
harbor bill of 1852, which I considered a consti-
tutional bill. But I will say to the gentleman
from Ohio that I shall vote for the protection of
life upon the northern lakes and upon the western
rivers as cheerfully as I do for the protection of
life upon the gsa-coaat of New Jersey, when the
bills presuming themselves for my action meet my
approval. I will, in addition, say, that I will
raise my hands for the protection of human life
upon the sea-coast, or the lakes, or the rivers,
without asking the question whether those need-
ing protection and assistance are foreigners or
native-born citizens. "Wherever I see a man in
danger of his life, I am ready to go to his rescue,
■without askina any such question as that.
Mr. CAMPBELL. We shall not differ about
that. I think ! would go about as far to save the
life of a fellow creature as the honorable member
from New Jersey,himself. I leavethat, however,
for others to determine. But 1 wish to know of
thehonorable gentlemen, whether he voted for the
river and harbor bill independent of the veto of
the President? Will he answer me that question ?
Mr. SKELTON. I voted without reference
to the President? I always do my duty to my
constituents without reference to the President of
the United States.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not know that I fully
understand the honorable member from New Jer-
sey. I ask him again, whether he voted for the
river and harbor bill last week, when considered
in face of the President's veto?
Mr. SKELTON. I did not.
Mr. CAMPBELL. You did not!
Mr. SKELTON. My reason was, that I did
not consider it a national bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It was not constitutional,
eh? Very well. Now, Mr. Speaker, the gsntle-
man voted against that bill, responding to the
wants of various sections of the country, because
it was not national and constitutional, and yet
asks us to vote for a bill for the Jersey coast, and
that is the very point that I now make. How
does he go to work to satisfy the men upon the
mighty Mississippi that the coast of New Jersey
is entitled to national aid and national appropria-
tions from their Treasury if that mighty river is
not entitled to it?
Mr. SKELTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to say, that I voted for appropriations for life-
boats upon the northwestern lakes last session.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well, sir; and if the
gentleman finds in the Constitution power to vote
for light-houses and life-boats, there he will find
the power to vote for the improvement of the
northern lakes, and to remove from the Missis-
sippi and its tributaries the snags which have
proved so destructive to human life and inland
commerce.
Mr. Speaker, I wish the gentleman from New
Jersey ar.d the House to understand—as 1 stated
at the outset of my remarks—that I have not risen
particularly for the purpose of opposing this bill,
for, as he has well said, it appeals to us as friends
of humanity, and I can support it right heartily.
But I wish to point these gentlemen to a region
from which other appeals come to us—appeals
that come up to us accompanied by tho bitterest
tears of those whose friends have been lost, but
to which we torn a deaf ear. I wish, upon these
great questions to notify gentlemen again, that the
time is rapid ly approaching when that just equality
in national appropriations, which the mighty West
has so long >iemande:l, will come hero, backed by
a true popular sovereignty—a true American sov-
ereignty—and will be enforced upon this floor,
independent of your Executivs power and your
Executive vetoes.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. When I cailad the
attention of the House to this b'H, and made the
motion for i~s reference to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, I had r,o idea,
Mr. Speaker, to have got up anything like the
lengtliened discussion that that motion has given
rise to. But I thought that I saw in the bill some
provisions which rendered its consideration by ,
that committee indispensable, and, with the view i
simply of cdlios; attention to such provisions, I
made the remants which i have made, and the
motion which I have submitted. I had no ex-
pectation of hearing raised a constitutional ques-
tion; nor had I any idea that the appropriations
for the improvement of rivers and harbors, which
we so often hear of, would bo introduced into this
discussion. Least of all did I expect that the
honorable gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Skeuton,] or any other gentleman, should advert
to the inconsistency which he deems me to be
chargeable with. Why, I thought that consist-
ency was decidedly an old fogy sentiment. I
thought that at this day nobody prided himself on
such an idea. X thought that it was completely
voted down, out of the pale of the general circle of
popular action now-a-days.
But my purpose, when X made that motion,
was—what it is now—to direct the attention of
the House to this bill, and to show to the House
the extraordinary powers contemplated to be con-
ferred by it on an executive officer. To do this, X
will—as the bill is very short—call the attention
of the House to its provisions.
What i3 the first section of this bill? Itis "that
the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized to establish such additional stations on
the coast of Long Island and New Jersey, for
affording aid to the'shipwrecked vessels thereon;
to change the location of existing stations, and ta
make such repairs and furnish such apparatus
and supplies as may, in his judgment, be best
adapted to give effect to the object of this act."
The Secretary of the.Treasury is thus author-
ized,.fust, to change the location of the present
stations 
Mr. SKELTON, (interrupting.) Will the gen-
tleman from Virginia allow me to say one word
in explanation?
Mr. SMITH. Certainly.
Mr. SKELTON. I would state to the House
that the Secretary of the Treasury, by virtue of
the appropriation of the last session of Congress,
in this connection, has already changed and mod-
ified these stations, station-houses, and boats.
Ha will not, under this bill, make any other
changes than those which he is already authorized
to make by the appropriation of last session. The
object of this bill is merely to authorize him to
place men in charge of the boats and stations.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker,and gentlemen of
the House, I will read the several sections of the
bill that you may understand its provisions. I
am examining now into the powers which it is pro-
posed by this bill to confer on the Secretary of
the Treasury, not into those with which he may
be already invested. If the authority proposed
to be given here to the Secretary of the Treasury
is an exhausted power, why is it required here?
What is he authorized to do? To establish such
additional stations on the coast of Long Island
and New Jersey for affording aid to shipwrecked
vessels thereon as may, in his judgment, be best
adapted to give effect to the object of the bill. He
has the power by this bill to establish additional
stations there, or if he has not, then there is no
force in the English language.
What next is he authorized to do ? He is au-
thorized to change the location of the existing
stations. He is not only to establish additional
stations, but he is to change the Vocation of those
existing. Nor is that all. He is to make such
repairs, and to furnish such apparatus and sup-
plies :<s may, in his judgment, be best adapted
to give effect to the objects of this act. Why,
the Secretary of the Treasury can do anything
and everything in connection with this subject.
There is a specification, it will be seen, first, to
establish different additional stations, and sec-
ondly, to change those already established, to
supply apparatus, &c. Why, sir, he has the
power to do everything in connection with the
matter; and I ask this House is this the sort of
legislation which it ought to sustain ?
Now what is the next section of the act ? The
second section reads:
'• T!;at the Secretary of tile Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized to appoint a keeper, at a compensation
not exceeding $200, at each of the stations to be established
under the provisions of tin; first section of this act, and a
superintendent, whoshali also have the powers and perform
the duty of an inspector of tho customs^ for each of the
coasts therein mentioned, and to give said keepers and
superintendents proper instructions relative to the duties
to be required of them."
j The Secretary of the Treasury has, therefore,
oy tins act, the unlimited power to establish sta-
tions, and to change the location of those now
existing; and here thare is given to him, besides, a
very large circle of patronage. He is to appoint
keepers at each of the stations, who aie to receive
an annual compensation of $200 a year. Wny,
sir, I supposed that on the coast of New Jersey,
which, irom my earliest days, I have heard of as
distinguished for its disasters, this is the first effort
of the kind that has been made. I have thought
that the people on that coast were wreckers, and
that the gentleman's constituents there were al ways
compensated,and amply compensated too, for their
risks and labors, by the value of thegoods washed
upon their coast from the wrecked vessels cast
there.
Mr PULLER made a remark on this point
which did not reach the ear of the reporter.
Mr. SMITH. I am now dealing with the bill
before us. I am speaking of the compensation
heretofore received by the inhabitants of the New
Jersey coast. I was adverting to that which
everybody understands well. I suppose there is
scarcely a dead body swept from the sea on that
coast which has not something of value in its
pocket.
Mr. SKELTON. Will the gentleman from
Virginia allow me to say one word in this connec-
tion?
Mr. SMITH. Certainly; 1 shall be very glad
of any explanation that can be given.
Mr. SKELTON. I should not have attempted
again to occupy the attention of the House on the
subject of this bill, but for the extraordinaty re-
marks made by my friend, who has just taken his
seat, ®
Mr. SMITH. Oh, I have not finished yet; I
have yielded the floor for a moment to( the gentle-
man from New Jersey, for explanation.
Mr. SKELTON. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia asserts that he understands the population
of New Jersey to be amply compensated for their
losses and their labors, by the value of the prop-
erty cast upon their coast. Now, it is hardly neces-
sary for me to explain to this House that this
very respectable body of men, residing on the
coast of New Jersey, are not land pirates and
thieves. It is hardly necessary for me to say to
the House that the United States have a wreck-
master on the coasts of the United States, besides
other officers of the custom-house, who take
charge of all the property cast upon the sea-coast.
It is not necessary that I should say anything
now in contradiction of the insinuation of the
gentleman from Virginia, that the people of New
Jersey compensate themselves for their toils and
risks by highway robbery, or by plundering the
poor mariners who are cast upon their coast.
But I would be recreant to my duty if I failed on
this floor to defend my State from such a charge.
Those men, sir, to whem such conduct is imputed,
make mere sacrifices and endure more hardships
than the gentleman seems to give them credit for,
and they are besides as honest as any men in the
State of Virginia, or in any other State in the
Union. I ask that these men be protected in
return for their labor, and that this insinuation
thrown against them " year in and year out"—
this charge of piracy and plunder—be treated
with the contempt which it merits.
I say, again, the people on the New Jersey
coast never commit plunder and piracy. They
scorn it, sir. Those hardy mariners who get
their living by fishing and boating will not be
compensated in that way. They would sacrifice
their all, they would almost sacrifice their lives,
rather than be guilty of crimes of that character;
ar)d I hurl back the charge that has been made
against them. I call upon the House to defend
these men, who have done so much for the cause
of humanity, from such aspersions. They have
given more succor to shipwrecked mariners, and
have sacrificed more for thern, than any other
people on any other coast; and I nsk this House
to defend such a people from the unfounded
charges made against them on this floor.
Mr. SMITH. I am sorry to see the gentleman
work himself into a passion; but I hope the voters
of his district will have the good sense to undsr-
stand that this speech of his was for "Buncombe."
_ Mr. SKELTON. I say to the gentleman that
it was for justice and humanity, net for " Bun-
combe." I make no speeches for "Buncombe"
0.1 this floor.
Mr. SMITH. Exactly; let it be put down
that the gentleman frem New Jersey makes no
speeches for Buncombe; but the House will
