m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
donald.McNair.Mace, Matteson, Mayall, Meaeham, Mid-
dleswarth, Morgan, Murray,Nichols, Norton,AndrewOil-
ver, Parker, PeckiiatiuPenningtonjBisiiop I erkms, I niilips,
Pratt, Prmgle, Puryear, Ready, Reese, Richardson, David
Ritchie, Tliomas Ritehey, Robbins, Rogers, Sabm, ®app,
Seward,Seymour, Shower, Simmons, Skelton, bamuel A.
Smith, Frederick p. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alex-
ander H. Stephens, Hestor L. Stevens, Stratton, Straub,
Andrew Stuart, David Stuart, John J. Taylor, John L.
Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Teller, Trout, Upham,, Van-
sant, Wade, Walbridge, Walley, Walsh, Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Wasliburn, Tappari Wentworth, Wheeler,
Witte, Hendrick B. Wright, and Zollicoffer—126.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, David J.
Bailey, Barksdale, Barry, Benton, Bocock, Boyce, Btis-
tow, Brooks, Caskie, Chastain, Chrisman, Cobb, Colquitt,
Craige, John G. Davis, Dunham, Edgerton, Edmur.dson,
John M. Elliott, Goode, Wiley r. Harris, Hendricks, Hib-
bard, Houston, George W. Jones, Kent, Lamb, Letcher,
McMuilin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
John Perkins, Phelps, Powell, Ruffin, Shaw, Singleton, -
William Smith, George W. Smyth, Warren, and Daniel
B, Wright—45.
So"the bill was passed.
Mr. PULLER. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
' MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.^
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Sidney Webster, his
Private Secretary.
COLLECTORS IN OREGON TERRITORY.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon, by unanimous consent,
and after previous notice, introduced a bill; which
was read a first and second time by its title, as
follows, and referred to tho Committee on Com-
merce:
A bill regulating the powers of the collectors at
Astoria and Umpqua, Oregon Territory.
FORGERY AND DEPREDATIONS ON UNITED
STATES MAIL IN INDIAN TERRITORY.
Mr. GREENWOOD, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
adopted:
. Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to report a bill, at as ear:y a day as practicable,
providing ior tlie punishment of the crime of forgery and
depredations oa the Umted States mail in Indian territory.
INVALID PENSION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, there are two
or three of the appropriation bills ready for action,
and they are of that class which requires no
extended investigation. ■ With the indulgence of
the House, I move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
that they may be taken up and disposed of.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House thereupon resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Chandler in the chair.)
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, I move that
we take up for consideration House bill (No. 554)
making appropriations for the payment of invalid
and other pensions of the United States, for the
year ending the 30th of June, 185G.
There was no objection; and the bill was taken
up and read in exlenso.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means a
question. It will be recollected that at the close
of the last session there was a provision in the
invalid pension appropriation bill for private pen-
sioners. I very naturally supposed that a similar
one would have been reported in the same bill at
this session. It has not been reported, and 1 would
ask whether the laying aside of the bill to be re-
ported to the House will prevent the submission
of an amendment to the bill when it comes up in
the House?
The CHAIRMAN. It will not.
Mr. APPLETON. I have an amendment to
submit on the subject.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the bill is laid aside to be
reported to the House, with arecommendation that
it do pass, I expect the House to act on it. I will
say to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, as well
as the gentleman from Massachusetts, that no esti-
mate was submitted at this session of Congress,
which I have been enabled to find, for the priva-
teer pensioners. It was not included in the esti-
mates; nor is it included in the bill. I think it
would be improper to delay action on the bill for
the purpose of getting an estimate to put in it. If
the omission of the estimate be a mistake on the
part of the Department, it can be supplied in the
Senate. It would not be quite proper, I repeat,
to delay the bill for the purpose of sending to the
Department to get estimates. The amendment
can be as well made in the Senate as it can here.
Mr. FLORENCE. The answer is entirely
satisfactory. 1 only desired to have the estimate
in the bill. If it can be as well put in when the
bill is before the Senate, 1 interpose no objection
to the bill being laid asid e to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. HOUSTON. The bill appropriates the
entire amount of the estimates for pensions sent
in by the Department. There is not a dime left
out. ,
Mr. FLORENCE. That is all I can desire.
Mr. APPLETON. I move to add the follow-
ing words: For the payment of privateer pensions,
two thousand dollars.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the bill be laid
aside to be reported to the House, withthe recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The question was taken; and the motion was
" to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.-
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the committee
do now take up, and proceed to the consideration
of House bill (No. 555) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty stipu-
lations with .various Indian tribes, for the year
ending June 30, 1856.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to dispense with the
first reading of the bill, and that it be now read by
sections for amendment.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I am aware, Mr. Chair-
man, that the views which I design to submit are
not pertinent to the bill before us; but, apprehend-
ing that I may be prevented expressing my opin-
ion in regard to the resolution which I offered a
few days since, I avail myself of the present op-
portunity to state to this committee the convictions
that control my judgment, and the reasons which
animate me in asking the repeal, at this time, of
all duty on foreign coal.
If any apology is necessary for calling, at this
time, the attention of this House to the resolution
directing the Committee of V\7ays and Means to
bring in a bill abolishing the present duty upon
foreign coal, it may be found in the universal de-
mand that exists for this common necessary of life,
and the injustice and impracticability of that sys-
tem of legislation which seeks to hoard up, by an
indirect tax, moneys not actually rf quired to carry
on the Government, to the great detriment of the
commercial and business interests of the country.
Every day's experience demonstrates that the true
policy of this Government is to regulate the rev-
enues of the country so as to equalize, as nearly
as possible, ourreceipts with our expenditures.
Although many eminent citizens predicted the
absolute inability of the greatly reduced tariff of
1846 to yield sufficient revenue to carry on the
ordinary fiscal affairs of the Government, their
anticipations have not been realized, and even
that measure has filled our Treasury to plethora,
and led to an undue accumulation of the public
money, drawn unnecessarily from the people,
and locked up from circulation.
So far as that tariff was an advance toward the
free-trade principle, it meets my unqualified com-
mendation. It has nobly vindicated the wisdom
in which it originated. It has triumphantly served
the purpose for which it was created. It enabled
the Government to meet all its current expendi-
tures, and the extraordinary demands resulting
from the war with Mexico; a war by which our
territorial surface has been so much extended,
embracing a region of country unfailing in its
yield of the precious metals, and opening to us
new avenues of trade and commerce, by which
the genius and industry of our people are every-
where quickened, bringing corresponding increase
to the general wealth and prosperity of the Re-
public.
But we have arrived at a period in which we
are threatened with a financial crisis. Indeed, the
commercial cities of the Union are now
suffering under pecuniary disasters; commercial
confidence, the life-blood of trade, is gone. It is
obvious we have gone beyond the limits of pru-
dence, yet the present is a state of things which
human forecast, under the tendencies of the times,
could not have anticipated.
It is not for me, on the present occasion, to
trace out the unlooked-for events which have con-
tributed to produce the present state of our mon-
etary affairs. It is sufficient for us to know that
severe-pressure exists, and it is our duty to inter-
pose for its relief to the extent of our constitutional
The foreign import^into the United States for the
year ending 30th of June, 1854, are estimated
at. .$304,562,381
Our exports during the same period  
reached  278,241,064
Leaving a balance against the United
States of $26,121,317
to be liquidated by cost of freight and accruing
profits, with any remaining balance to be made
good in gold ana silver.
The revenue from customs, public
lands, &c., for the last fiscal year, is, $73,549,705
Expenditures for the same period,
exclusive of the public debt  51,018,249
Thereby leaving a surplus revenue of $22,531,456
The estimates for the last year amounted to
g38,406,581. Our appropriations reached to
$58,116,958. The excess, according to the Pres-
ident's message, of more than twenty millions,
being applicable to extraordinary objects, of which
amount §10,000,000, to meet the stipulations of
the third article of the treaty with Mexico, form
a part.
Suppose-, then, our receipts are set down for
the coming year at $70,009,000, which, in my
judgment, will not be materially lessened in that,
nor in the next succeeding four years, should the
existing tariff be continued, and our regular ex-
penditures at $38,400,000, we would have an an-
nual surplus revenue of pi,600,000; and, after
taking a margin annually of $11,250,000, so as to
sink our national debt in four years—its aggregate
being less than §45,000,000—we stall still have
remaining a surplus of over J20,000,000 unneces-
sarily withdrawn from circulation, to the serious
injury of the whole business community; and to
this extent a useless and unnecessary tax upon
the people.
In times of financial difficulty like the present,
it is the duty of Congress to reduce the public
expenses to the lowest point that will enable the
Government to conduct the public business, and
at the same time reduce the public taxes, by
enlarging the free list of foreign imports, partic-
ularly in the necessaries of life, and where the
burden of taxation falls heavily upon every
branch of human industry, and comes home to
every man's fireside.
It is not my present intention to traverse this
subject in its length and breadth, but I respect-
fully invite the attention of this House to one
article in which the people I have the honor to
represent are largely interested, in common with
the whole country, and in regard to which the
existing tariff should be immediately amended,
and that by abolishing the duty on foreign coal.
This is now one of the necessaries of life. It has
become so within the last fifteen or twenty years.
Previously, the fuel used in domestic affairs was
timber, and the employment of coal for machinery
purposes was inconsiderable.
The advance in the mechanic arts, in motive
power, by the universal application of steam on
railways and ocean and inland navigation, has
entirely changed our relations to this important
article; in fact, has revolutionized the age in regard
to it. Yet it stands on the statute-book of 1846,
in schedule C of the tariff of that year, as subject
to an ad valorem duty of 30 per cent.—equivalent
to 45 per cent, (taking into count the cost of
freight and charges) on its value in the country
—and is there in company with the luxuries of
life, " ale, porter, beer, and articles embroidered
with gold, silver, or other metal!"
This enactment continues, Mr. Speaker, not-
withstanding the annual consumption of coal in
the United States has reached, at this period,about
10,000,000 of tons, the present cost of which may
