88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12.
ia their stores and workshops seek the light, in
the production of which this article forms an
essential element. The fleetsteamshipathatdaiSy
leave our shores, carrying our flag to every sea,
in the lawful pursuits of commerce, expect it.
And in the name of all these great interests, and
that of my immediate constituency, i respectfully
urge the immediate and unconditional repeal of
the existing duty.
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. I have only
a few words to say,, Mr. Speaker, in reply to the
appeal ma.de to the House by the gentleman from
New York,[Mr. Walbridce.] I wish to take this
opportunity to correct an erroneous report which
has been circulated by the newspapers throughout
the country, with regard to the conduct of those
gentlemen who are engaged in producing coal in
the anthracite ^mines of Pennsylvania. They
have been charged with having withheld coal from
market in order that the price of it might be raised.
1 wish to state here, with reference to that charge,
that the supply forwarded this year by the Read-
ing railroad is over twenty-five per centum greater
than that of last year, while last year was a year
in which a much larger quantity of coal was pro-
duced from the anthracite mines of Pennsylvania
than had been produced in any previous year. In
1853, 1 find by the reports of the Reading, rail-
road, which I presume is as nearly correct as we
can possibly get such a thing, it is estimated
that these mines produced 5,195,154 tons of coal.
That quantity is the estimated produce of the an-
thracite mines of Pennsylvania alone,^nd does
not embrace the bituminous coal raised in any
" section of the country. The importations of foreign
coal for the same year amounted to 231,508 tons,
paying a duty of something over §400,000, stated
in the report of the Secretary of the Treasury on
commerce at $490,010. Now, I wish the House
to observe how perfectly trifling this foreign coal
trade appears by these figures in comparison with
the domestic coal trade.
Mr. WALBRIDGE, (interrupting.) I have
heard with pleasure the statement of the augmented
production of the Pennsylvania mines; but 1 wish
the gentleman to state how it is that the price of
coal corresponds in nearly the same ratio with its
increased production ?
Mr. RITCHIE. I am perfectly willing to
answer that question.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. 1 ask it as a piece of
practical information for my friends at home.
Mr. RITCHIE. The increased price of coal
is a consequence of that measure so lauded by the
gentleman from New Y ork—the tariff of 184G. By
means of that measure this country was brought
to an enormous importation of foreign goods. It
destroyed the iron business of Pennsylvania. The
country ran in debt for iron imported from Eu-
rope to build railroads. There was undertaken,
partly at least, in consequence of the tariff of 1846,
which occasioned a temporary reduction in the
price of iron, a system of railroads requiring more
capital, more iron, and more labor in their con-
struction than could be supplied by the whole
world. In consequence of these, and other ex-
travagant enterprises, the price of labor, of pro-
visions, and of every thing produced by labor,coal
included, was increased. We had no money
wherewith to pay the debts thus contracted. To
meet this want, railroad and other bonds were
issued and sent to Europe, and in return for them,
we imported foreign goods and foreign iron to an
enormous amount. The furnaces and iron busi-
ness of Pennsylvania were thus broken up.
This iron business, I wish to remark to the
gentleman, is one which requires four, Ave, or six
years, in order that it may be organized and car-
ried on advantageously and profitably in all its
departments. Mines must be opened, ibrna.eea
must be built, and labor must be organized; and
all this requires much time and outlay. And yet
by a few cargoes of foreign iron, the enterprise
may be rendered unprofitable; the prices are
brought down, the hands are discharged, they
emigrate to Australia or California; they are
good miners, accustomed to that rude sort of labor,
they make money there, and they cannot be re-
called, so that when the foreign supply falls short
the hands are not to be found to make iron at
home. With this system of foreign importations
based upon credit, expenditures become profuse,
the value of money decreases, the price of labor
rises, the cost of provisions rises, everything rises, i
When people are runping in debt, they usually
become profligate in their expenditures. The
price of coal has not increased in a greater pro-
portion than the cost of provisions and the price of
wages. The cost of transportation on the rail-
roads has increased in the same way. In fact
every necessary of life has increased in cost, as
well as coal. We knowthat here, in this House,
we have had to increase the compensation of
nearly every one of the gentlemen in our employ
some twenty-five per cent.
This explanation will suffice as a reason for the
raising of the price of coal. These men who dig
coal cannot live on nothing any more than other
people. They must have higher wages to enable
them to meet the greater cost of living; and when
the coal producers pay higher wages they must
charge more for their coal.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I return my acknowl-
edgments to the gentleman for the information he
has given us; but I scarcely recognize in all this
anything more than the old arguments between
the question of free trade and protection. I mean
no disrespect to the gentleman, but he will allow
me to say that I can see nothing more than the
old arguments in what he says.
Mr. RITCHIE. It was not I who introduced
this old question of free trade and protection. The
gentleman from New York was himself the first
to broach it. He eulogized the principle of,free
trade. He spoke of tbe tariff of 1846, and com-
mended it because it tended towards free trade.
It was, therefore, the gentleman himself that in-
troduced the topic. I did not.
Mr. WAL3RIDGE. On that point I can only
say that I am in favor of free trade.
Mr. RITCHIE. I have one word to say with
respect to the mode of doing business in this
House in reference to the subject of duties and
estimates. I allude to the inconsiderate manner
in which great interests are sometimes assailed.
Here is a capital of many millions of dollars in-
vested in this coal business. The productions of
anthracite coal alone' in the Pennsylvania mines
for the year, will be worth $40,000,000 at the
least. Pennsy'vania supplies almost all the coal
consumed on the sea-board of this continent; and
is that immense trade to be destroyed or endan-
gered for the sake of getting, just at this moment,
a few trifling cargoes of foreign coal a few cents
cheaper? 1 have shown that in 1853 the quantity
of coal imported from abroad, was 231,508 tons,
against a production of anthracite coal in Penn-
sylvania alone of between five and six millions of
tons. That is all the supply that wc could look
to Great Britain for every year. She is able to
furnish us with only 231,000 tons of coal. And
here I take occasion to state to the gentleman from
New York, and to this House, that even this
quantity of coal does not, I believe, mainly come
from Great Britain. It comes from the British
provinces of North America. And 1 would further
state to that gentleman and to the House, that
the coal trade with the British provinces of North
America is now unrestricted. The duty is taken
off the Canadian coal by the treaty ratified by the
Senate of the United States last summer.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. It seems then to be very
unaccountable why there should be such oppo-
sition to taking the duty off coal imported from
Great Britain if the quantity is so very incon-
siderable.
Mr. RITCHIE. Certainly; I know that that
objection is fairly made, and it shall be as fairly
met. I say that the quantity of coal imported
into this country is perfectly contemptible with
reference to the market which has to be supplied.
But I have to say further on this point, that cargoes
of coal brought in here free of duty for two or three
months, may produce such an effect upon the
market as to break up mining enterprises in this
country, and the business is so important that no
risk with regard to it ought to be run. The repeal
of the duty can do no good to any one and may
do much harm.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Do the companies en-
gaged in the business fail?
Mr. RITCHIE. They do not; but they might
fail if coai was brought in from abroad; and after
their business was once suspended, it would require
years to restore it to its present state. In reply to
the question of the honorable gentleman from New
York, I say that a supply of foreign coal might,
and probably would, bring down the price of
American coal in the eastern markets, so as to
make the business unprofitable, and thus ruin
those who are engaged in the business, because of
the magnitude of their daily expenses. In that
case, the laborers employed in these mines would
be scattered to the four winds of heaven, and you
would find them going to Australia, California, and
other distant portions of the world, where there
would be a demand for their labor. You have
now a market that consumed, in 1854, probably
ten millions of tons of coal, to be supplied from
foreign sources, which now offer in this market only
two hundred and thirty-one thousand tons. After
we have destroyed our domestic productions, we
should be obliged to look to foreign sources; but
they would not be able to supply the demand, and
the price of fuel would rise enormously. It is
within my own personal knowledge that a large
number of artisans engaged in the iron works
of Pennsylvania emigrated to California, after the
iron business had been ruined by the tariff of 1846,
engaged there in other kinds of labor, and when
the price of iron rose, they could not be recalled.
The conduct of many persons in this country
has been so utterly in defiance of what seems to
me to be the rules of prudence and good sense, as
to be altogether inexplicable. Take, for instance,
the conduct of those who have contended for the
repeal of the duties upon railroad iron. We have
already in the United States, in the course of
construction or projected, railroads that would
consume all the iron and spare labor and capital
of the world. In the face of this fact, many gen-
tlemen here insisted at the last-session of Congress
upon passing railroad bills. What is the result
of passing bills of this kind? You pass a bill
giving land to some company, by the aid of which
it may build a new road, and the company issues
bonds and puts them into the market in order to
raise the money. It enters into competition with
other roads, in the sale of bonds, thereby bring-
ing down the price of other railroad bonds, and
diminishing public confidence in the whole of
them. This new railroad company also enters
into competition with other railroad companies in
the purchase of materials and labor, underbidding
in the sale of bonds, and overbidding in the price
of materials and labor. In connection with this
thing, in order to make the insanity complete, we
have a proposition to repeal the duty upon rail-
road iron, in order that the little production left in
this country may be utterly destroyed, and that
we may rely wholly upon a foreign market.
I admit that this doctrine of free trade would
be good, if a man had the purse of Portunatus,
and an everlasting supply of cash—if he was
not obliged to purchase anything by labor, but
had money to spend. If he has to exchange his
own labor and his own produce for the labor and
productions of other people, he must look to see
what other people will take from him, and what
they will give him in return. He must look to
his own sources of production. In the case of the
iron manufacture, in pursuing the policy advocated
by the gentleman from New York, we destroy
our osvn mills at home, and have nothing to givs
in exchange for the iron we import from abroad.
Not having a supply of ready money, we run m
debt. Our own sources of production are dried up.
We consume what we have procured on trust.
When pay day comes, we have to repudiate, or
beg for further time, till we can earn enough to
pay our debts. We then adopt a wiser system,
pursue it till we have forgotten our embarrass-
ments, and then are seduced again by the same
old fallacies, and fall into the same errors.
I have been led further in this discussion than
I intended, as I arose merely to correct the mis-
statements that have been made with regard to the
miners of Schuylkill, about their keeping their
coal out of the market.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. The gentleman will bear
me witness that I made no such reflections.
Mr. RITCHIE. I know that the gentleman
did not indulge in any such reflections, but 1 have
seen such a statement published in the newspapers,
and it has been mentioned to me in conversation
by members of this House, and my desire, in
rising at this time, was simply to correct such
misstatement.
Mr. WITTE. I have but a single remark to
make. I have listened with a good deal of interest
to this discussion, not only because it is important,
but because it is upon a very staple subject. A
