1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
good deal has been said about the miners of
Schuylkill county, about a combination of coal
traders to put up the price of coal, to control the
market, and thereby fix and regulate the price of
coal. I can understand perfectly well that a
movement of such a character is well calculated
to excite the attention of the entire country,
because the whole community are interested in
this subject, and almost every one requires coal
for various purposes.
Gentlemen who are engaged in mining in the
coal region have, in my judgment, been unjustly
charged with a combination for the purpose of
raising the price and keeping it up. I have not
heard this statement made publicly on the floor
of the House, but it has been alluded to, and it
is a subject of conversation at almost every corner
of the street, and has been the staple of news-
paper discussion for some time. Since it has been
alluded to, 1 will make this remark in connection
as a set-off to this statement, equally well entitled
to consideration, and upon reflection, I think it
will bear quite as close a scrutiny. It is this:
That the charge is very properly perhaps fixed
upon gentlemen living in Row York and other
eastern cities,who, by combination of capital, have
sought to bring down the price of coal to such a
low figure, as to render it impossible for the coal
producers to bring it into market, and derive any
profits thereby. The great avenues through which
coal reaches the sea-board still exist, their mean3
of transportation have increased, and no obstacle
has been thrown in the way of the production of
that article, or in the way of bringing it to market.
The usual machinery still exists and is employed,
which enables us to produc-e and dispose of the
article at the lowest price which the law of trade,
©f demand and supply, will admit of. But gen-
tlemen at the East have sought to bring down the
price of coal to a figure lower than th® producers
are able to bring it to market.
I hfive taken some trouble to examine into this
matter; I went into the coal regions, and conversed
with the miners themselves. I was referred to
their books, and to their correspondence with
eastern capitalists, and my mind was rendered
entirely clear upon the subject, that if a combina-
tion existed anywhere, it was not in the coal re-
gions of Pennsylvania, where there exists an
actual competition to produce and send forward
to market the greatest amount of coal. 1 was
convinced that the competition which sought to
produce a very extraordinary condition of the
market, and thereby to cause a high price of coal,
was in the eastern States and cities.
It is well to bear these things in mind, and they
are subjects of very great interest. I do not say
that this thing does actually exist in the city of
New York. But there la an extraordinary com-
bination of capital there, and without being un-
kind or unjust, I hope I may be permitted to say
that the people of New York have been at various
times charged with various sorts of combination
to raise the price of various kinds of things, as
well as to depress them. While I do not charge
that this ia so, I do say, if there was a disposi-
tion to do such a thing, New York possesses
unexampled facilities for accomplishing it. I do
not say it is done, but there certainly has been a
combination of circumstances to produce this
state of affairs.
My honorable friend [Mr. Wai.bkid«e] avoids
this matter, but goes on to speak of the duty
on coal. His speech was able, and exhibited
vast learning, and I am really thankful to him for
the light which he has thrown upon the matter.
But if this gentleman will show me by his figures
that anything done by Congress in reference to
duties upon coal could and would affect the
market value of that article, I should be glad to
know it.
Mr. WALBRIDGE, (interrupting.) If the
gentleman really wants that experiment tested,
let Slim and his friends vote to take off the thirty
per cent, duty upon coal, and he will soon, I think,
see the fact demonstrated, that the market value
Of coal will be much lower.
• A discussion with that gentleman is always
blended with much courtesy and kindness, and (
desire to answer him in the same spirit. He will
not contend that when we add thirty per cent,
duties to an article, we make it cheaper; and I do
not see how it is, that if you take off thirty per
cent, duty, and allow it to come in free—deduct-
ing the cost and charges of transportation—you
will not get it thirty per cent, cheaper. I do not
see why he and his friends should resist the
change, if it makes no difference whether you
impose this duty or not.
fiere I wish to put myself right on one point,
and that is the monopoly on the part of the coal
producers to bring about the present state of things
in the coal market. I know nothing about that,
and I make no charges; but I do know that within
five years the price of coal has increased one hun-
dred per cent.; and the people of the whole North,
where the article is consumed, have to pay twice
as much for it as they did five years ago.
Mr. STRAUS. With the permission of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wittk,] I
wish to say a word. Our learned friend from the
North has told the truth in regard to the raising
the price of coal; but while he speaks of the price
of coal going up, does he forget that the price of
every article necessary to life has risen corre-
spondingly? Will he answer that question?
[Laughter.]
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Everything except the
pay of members of Congress. I believe that is
stationary. [Laughter.]
Mr. V/ITTE. I am not disposed to review
the able speech of the honorable gentleman from
New York, but I would, however, say to him
that I think it would have been exceedingly diffi-
cult to come to the conclusion which he comes to,
upon the argument he makes. lie says if we
take off the thirty per cent, duty, wo shall have
coal at a lower price. He will permit me to say,
that the reduction of the duty, or the taking it off
entirely, could not possibly afreet the price of coal
one farthing at this time. We could not look for
any supply of coal except from Pictou, in any
quantities. On the 1st of October there were sev-
eral vessels lying at Pictou for the purpose of
loading coal, and they could carry more coal than
all the force of the island, employed in mining,
could supply in two months.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. They were there loading
for coal to be brought in under the reciprocity
treaty.
Mr. WITTE. But it has not affected the price
of coal, not in the least. I have my own opinions
as to the cause of the present extraordinary price
of coal, but I reserve an expression of them for a
future occasion. At some other time I may trouble
the House with a statement of them. It is one
of those kind of cases upon which gentlemen may
reasonably entertain different opinions. But I
content myself with saying now, that the entire
abolition of duty upon coal could not, at this
time, affect its market price. The subject em-
braces a wide range. A variety of reasons con-
tribute to the present extraordinary condition of
the coal market. *
I desire now to correct a statement of my col-
league from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ritchie,] and
not adverted to by thegentleman from the Schuyl-
kill district, [Mr. Straue.] Gentlemen have
spoken of 5,00U,000toi!sas the amount of coal an-
nually produced in Pennsylvania. I say it is nearer
10,000,000 than 5,000,000—5,000,000 being about
the number of tons brought to the sea-board alone.
1 desire to make this statement, in order that gen-
tlemen when discussing this great coal question
may have some idea of the magnitude of the trade,
and treat it with the consideration which its im-
portance demands.
Mr. HI ESTER. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let the gentle-
man go home and get his dinner, if he wants it;
but let us attend to the public business.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the committee are satisfied
with the bill, I will move that the committee do now
rise and report it, with the other bill, to the House,
with the recommendation that it do pass. It is in
strict conformity with treaty and existing laws.
Its provisions have been examined with a great
deal of care. The reading of the bill will occupy
but a few minutes longer. Let us pass it; it can
easily be done to-night.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is that the
committee do now rise.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agregd to, there being, on a division—ayes 72,
noes not counted.
The committee thereupon rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had the state of the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the invalid
pension appropriation bill, which it had directed
him to report to the House, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass; and also the Indian appro-
priation bill, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. MEACHAM. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would ask the gentleman
to withdraw his motion until we have passed the
invalid pension appropriation bill. I do not sup-
pose that he desires to put the bill upon the
Speaker's table out of its order. If we adjourn
now that will necessarily be the result.
Mr. MEACHAM. I insist on my motion.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now call for the previous
question, on ordering the invalid pension appro-
priation bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
The call for the previous question received a
second, and the main question was ordered to be
now put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; and it was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, "and that that mo-
tion do He upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAVEN. I move that the House do now
adjourn.   *
The question was taken', and the motion was
agreed to.
Whereupon the House (at ten minutes to three
o'clock, p, m.,) adjourned until to-morrow, at
twelve, 01.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 13, 1854.
Prayer by the Rev. Henbi Slicer.
The Hon. John M. Clayton, of Delaware,
appeared to-day*
SAMUEL PRIOLEAU.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, communicating intelligence ofthe fact that
the claim provided for by the act approved July
27, 1851, " for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Samuel Prioleau, deceased," had been
liquidated and paid under the provisions of the
general act of August 4, 1790, and the special act
of January 24, 1795.
[The message will be found in the House pro-
ceedings of this date.]
Mr. WELLER. I believe that bill was origin-
ally reported by the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims; and X therefore move that the message be'
referred to that committee, and that it be printed.
Mr. EYANS. Mr. President, I desire to aay
something in regard to this matter, as I had some
connection with it as a member of the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, and as thegentlemen in
whose favor the act was passed were and are citi-
zens of South Carolina. Lest it might be sup-
posed that there has been something unfair in this
transaction, or that they made an application to
Congress for money which they knew had been
paid, and thereby designed to defraud the Gov-
ernment, I. desire to make a simple statement of
the facts.
The claim originated in this way: At the siege
of Charleston, in 1780, General Lincoln, for the
purpose of aiding in the fortifications, ordered that
certain buildings belonging to Mr. Prioleau, and
situated on his wharf in the city of Charleston,
should be taken down and used for the fortifica-
tions. It was done by the engineers. Immedi-
ately afterwards, Governor Rutledge appointed a
commissioner, who, acting with a person appointed
by Mr. Prioleau, assessed the value of these build-
ings at =£10,000, South Carolina currency, which
comparatively with sterling money, was about
seven for one. This was in 1780. Mr. Prioleau's
claim was presented to the State of South Carolina
immediately afterwards, and in 1782 kid before
Congress, then sitting in Philadelphia; but noth-
ing was done with it until the organisation of the
present Government. It was then again presented
and referred to-the™ ' —
reported in its
-the Secretary of the Treasury, who
favor. Finally, in 1795, an act of
