40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
Congress was passed directing the payment of it,
but with a condition that before payment Mr.
Prioleau should produce the contract under which
the buildings had been used. This was a condi-
tion annexed, which of itself excluded payment,
because, from the very nature of the case, there
was no contract made in relation to the matter.
Mr. Prioleau died not long afterwards, and the
matter rested in that way.
In the second generation, between the years
1830 and 1840, the Prioleau family in Charleston
received a letter from some gentleman who had
been connected with the Treasury Department
here, informing them that this debt stood unpaid
upon the Treasury books. This was the first
intimation that those who now claim had of any
such debt. They requested a gentleman, whose
name I do not' now remember, but whom 1 have
seen since I have been here, who was then an
officer of the Army, and a friend of the family, to
make inquiries on the subject, when he came to
Washington. He did so. The Treasury officers
told him the debt stood on the books unpaid.
Then one of the present claimants—the Messrs.
Ravenal, who are as respectable gentlemen as any
in the city of Charleston, or I believe I might say
any in the world, the grandsons of Mr. Prioleau—
came on to Washington and examined the matter.
The proper officers of the Treasury told him the
debt stood there on the books. Examination was
made, and no evidence could be found that the
debt had ever been paid. The officer expressed
his willingness and readiness to pay it^under the
act of 1795, .but he said he could not do it unless
the contract was produced, as required by that
act. That, of course, they could not produce;
and then they had no resource except to apply to
Congress.
About twelve years ago, I think, the applica-
tion was first made. Tne claim was examined
by committee after committee, and always re-
ported on favorably. The idea never entered into
any man's head that the debt had been paid.
When I came here last winter and took my seat
in the Senate, my attention was called to the sub-
ject by Mr. Daniel Ravenal, one of the adminis-
trators, who stands in the relation of personal
friendship to myself. I moved to take the papers
from the files, and refer them to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims. The Senate agreed to
this. The matter was examined in the committee
by myself. When I came to investigate it, I
found the facts which I have now detailed to be
contained in the reports, and supported by the
papers. A bill in favor of the legal representa-
tives of Mr. Prioleau was reported and passed by
the Senate. It was sent to the House of Repre-
sentatives, and i-, was passed there. The only
difficulty in the case was to account for the fact,
that the matter had remained dormant so long.
The account which was given of that, and which,
to my mind, was satisfactory, was this: Mr.
Pripleau himself died soon after the passage of
the act of 1795; and it was supposed that having
prosecuted his claim for fifteen years before he
could get it allowed at all, and then allowed with
an impossible condition, the old man became
offended at this apparent injustice of his country,
and abandoned his claim, and therefore his family
knew nothing about it. The bill was finally
passed and approved.
Since that time, it appears, according to the
message, to have been discovered that the old
records of the loan office in Charleston show
that this debt was funded as far back as 1797,
although among the papers there was a letter
from someofthe officers of the Treasury, acknowl-
edging that the debt had never been paid, and
expressing a willingness to pay it, if the evidence
required by the act of 1795 could be produced.
There is among the papers accompanying the
President's message, as 1 have been told, a letter
from the administrators of Mr. Prioleau, which
1 am sorry to see was not printed with the mes-
sage in the Union of this morning. That letter
declares their regret that the mistake should have
occurred. They say that the claim on their part
originated entirely in mistake, and they abandon
all rights under the act. Whether under these
circumstances it be necessary to do anything
more, I do not know. If gentlemen desire to
refer the subject to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims, very well; but if not, I do not see
that it is necessary to do anything, because accom-
panying the President's message is a letter from
the administrators, in which they disclaim any
right to receive the money appropriated.
Mr. BADGER. I would suggest to my friend
from South Carolina that, under the circumstances
he has stated, it is better that the reference should
be made, and that those facts, accompanied also
with the statement contained in the letter, of the
immediate and prompt declining, on the part of the
administrators, to prosecute this matter, should
be embodied in a brief report. It is due to these
gentlemen, in order to vindicate them from any
suspicion of intentional wrong.
Mr. EVANS. I desire to have the letter which
accompanies the message read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Charleston, December 4,1854.
Dear Sir : We duly received your letter of tiie 17th
ultimo, and, with it, a copy of your report to the Secretary
of ttle Treasury, under date of 4th October, 1854, on the
claim of the heirs of Samuel Prioleau, payment of which
was directed by the act of Cong!ess of 27th July, 1854.
In reply, we beg leave to say, that the full and clear
statement of the case, as set forth in the report, is, in our
judgment, conclusive of the fact, that the claim was settled
with Samuel Prioleau under the act of 28th January, 1795,
which we believed to have been unexecuted ; and, as the
representatives of Samuel Prioleau, we acknowledge that
we are satisfied of the fact.
We deeply regret that no evidence ofthe settlement could
be traced before our afiplicatiun to Congress, notwithstand-
ing the several, and we believe careful searches, made at
our instance, and, on one occasion, during tile presence of
one of us. Had the information been then found which
you have lately discovered, you, as well as ourselves, would
have been spared much trouble, and we have been spared
much pain. We trust, however, that Mr. Guthrie andyour-
selfunderstand, that our course was suggested by a sense
of duty to those*whose interests we were bound, as execu-
tors, to regard. And upon reviewing all the circumstances
we do not see that we could have done otherwise than pre-
fer the claim.
We feel indebted to yon for the kind spirit of your letter
and report, and for the pains you have taken to exhibit in
the letter the whole case ; so that, whilst you present the
proofs of payment you have also shown how it was that
both we and the officers of the Department were led into
error, and we tender you our thanks for the considerate
candor with which you exonerate us troin any improper
motive.
Whether the other claim adverted to in our letter of the
10th of November, was ever prosecuted or settled, we have
no means of ascertaining. We have no information but the
vague and imperfect data referred to in that letter. You
will be land enough to excuse the delay in replying to your
letter. We had ^personally but a small interest in the
claim, and it was desirable the other heirs should also be
made acquainted with the information you had communi-
cated.
We have the honor to be, your obedient servants,
JOHN RAVENAL,,
DANIEL RAVENAL,
Executors of P. G. Prioleau, surviving executor of Sam-
uel Prioleau.
Elisiia Whitti.escy, Esq., Comptroller of the Treas-
ury of the United States, Washington.
Mr. EVANS. I am willing to agree to the
motion of the Senator from California, to refer the
message and documents to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, and order them to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS.
Mr. ADAMS presented the petition .of Reuben
H. Grant, praying the payment of a claim against
the Choctaw Indians; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
the register and receiver of the land office at Port
Des Moines, Iowa, praying to be allowed the same
per centum on the sales of the public lands as was
allowed previous to the act of August 4, 1854;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of the State of New York, who served in the war
of 1812,'praying to be allowed additional bounty
land; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
CONVENTION OF THE SOLDIERS OF 1812.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, some time
during the last autumn a convention was held in
the State of New York of officers and soldiers of
the war of 1812; and they formed themselves into
an association for the purpose of keeping alive
feelings of friendship with each other, and patriotic
associations in the public mind, and also with a
view of making'an appeal to Congress for such a
provision as sftould be thought best for the sup-
port of those of them who were in indigent cir-
cumstances.* I have received from the presiding
officer of that body a communication, in which he
informs me of a fact which I beliave is well under-
stood otherwise, that on the eighth day of January
next a convention of the officers and soldiers of
the war of 1812, throughout the United States,
will beheld in the City of Washington; and in
behalf of that association he requests me to take
measures, if possible, to induce Congress to pro-
vide, in the first place, that they may have the use
of the Hall of the House of Representatives for
their session; and, in the second place, that some
provision may be made for defraying the expenses
of the members of that convention while they are
attending its sittings. In regard to the first object,
of course neither the Senate nor myself have any
power over the subject. I merely state the wishes
of that respectable body on that subject, and I
trust they will meet with attention in the quarter
where it belongs. In regard to the other provis-
ion—for defraying the expenses of these veterans
—I have to state that it would be in consonance
with my own views of what would be right and
just, wise and patriotic; but 1 am aware there is
liable to arise a difference of opinio'n as to the con-
stitutional power of Congress to make such an
arrangement. Unwilling to assume to present my
own opinions on such a question, I have taken
occasion to consult with the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, [Mr. Shields;] and,
after conference with him, I have come to the
conclusion to ask that this communication be re-
ferred to that committee. I hope they will give it
their early attention, and if there be no constitu-
tional objection m the way, will recommend such
action as they deem best in reference to the recep-
tion of this convention. I know that they will
recommend such a disposition of the subject as to
them shall seem proper and consistent with their
obligations to the Constitution. I move, there-
fore, to refer the communication to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
CONGRESSIONAL AND JUDICIAL COMPENSA-
TION.
Mr. BADGER, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
increase the compensation of the judges of the
Supreme Court, and of the members of both
Houses of'Congress; which was read a first and
second time by unanimous consent, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to make an addition, to take effect
from the first Monday in December, 1854, of fifty
per centum upon the yearly compensation now
allowed by law to the Chief Justice and Associate
Justices of the Supreme Court of the United States,
and upon the per diem compensation, now allowed
by law, of Senators, Representatives, and Dele-
gates in Congress.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I desire ft>
make a brief explanation in regard to the bill
which I have presented to the Senate, to show the
necessity and propriety of the measure. I believe
all of us who fiave served here have been satisfied
for years past that the compensation which we
receive is entirely inadequate. For one, I am,
and have long been, satisfied of it. I have felt,
nevertheless, an extreme reluctance to interfere
with the compensation of members upon any of
the plans which have been heretofore proposed.
I have had great doubt and difficulty about the
plan which has often been suggested, of altering
the mode in the compensation of the members
of this and the other branch of Congress. It is
known to us all that a bill, changing the mode of
compensation from a per diem allowance to a
yearly salary, was passed in the year 1816; that
it produced universal dissatisfaction throughout
the country; that, under a storm of indignation
from the people of the United States, almost every
member of the Congress that passed it, was hurled
from the seat which he occupied; and that at the
next Congress, in submission to this general senti-
ment, this stern expression of the public will,
that law was repealed, and in the year 1818 the
law which now regulates our compensation, was
passed, taking effect from the 4th of March, in
the year preceding the passage of that bill. It is,
therefore, evident that at that period at least, there
was a decided objection in the public mind to that
mode of compensation. I say that mode of com-
pensation, because it is not conceivable that the
amount of salary proposed to have been given,
could have been the cause of such a wide-spread
dissatisfaction. That salary was but f1,500 a-
