1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
year, and I think it would involve a reflection on
the people of the United States of that day to
suppose that they imagined the amount to be so
great, that on that account merely they refused
to tolerate their public servants who had made
that provision for themselves.
I assume it, therefore, sir, as clear that there
was then a deep-rooted objection in the public
mind to that mode of compensation—by a salary
instead of a per diem allowance. I think this is
further evident from the fact that when Congress,
in obedience to the general will of the people,
repealed the act of 1816, and established the
present rate of compensation, they increased not
only the per diem allowance which had prevailed
before the act of 181C, but also the provision made
under the head of mileage for members of both
Houses of Congress, although previous to 1816
all the inconveniences of attending the seat of
Government, all the expenses of getting here, had
been greater than they were in 1818, when the
subject was revised and the mileage increased. I
think, therefore, it would be unwise to make any
effort towards restoring a method of compensa-
tion which has prevailed but for one Congress in
the more than sixty years of our political exist-
ence under the Constitution, and which was then
repealed in consequence of a decided expression
of disapprobation by the people, from one quarter
of the Union to the other.
But independently of that, I have myself serious
difficulties about the establishment of a salary as
the mode of compensation to members of Con-
gress. I doubt greatly the propriety of the prin-
ciple of compensating members in that way; and
I am very certain, whether the principle be aright
one or not, there are difficulties in the way of its
application, which will induce us, all other con-
siderations being put out of the question, to for-
bear resorting to that mode of compensation. 1
could mention them, but 1 deem it unnecessary.
I propose, then, Mr. President, by this bill, so
far as it affects the members of the two Houses of
Congress, to leave the mode of compensation pre-
cisely as it stands; to undertake to enter upon no
speculation as to a new principle or system of
compensation; but, taking that which we have, to
add to the per diem allowance of the members of
this and the other House fifty per centum upon the
amount which was allowed by the act of J MS.
The first question which presents itself, when a
measure of that kind is brought to the attention of
Congress, is, whether the proposed increase is fair,
and reasonable, and just; whether, assuming that
the allowance fixed m 1818 was then fair, reason-
able, and junt, the altered condition of things in
the country would now make it hut fair, reason-
able, and just, that the proposed addition should
he made? That is a subject upon which 1 sup-
pose there is no member of this or the other House
of Congress, who has not had the clearest and
most satisfactory means, both by experience and
observation, t,o enable him to decide in the affirm-
ative. The increased expendituies, the Urge ad-
vance in the price of living, the additional outlay
which is required from gentlemen who attend the
sessions of Congress here, the advance upon all
the necessaries, and all the conveniences of life,
have been, at least, in a ratio equal to fifty per
centum since the year Jwl7. If that be so, it
would seem to follow, as a necessary consequence,
that if there be the same purpose now as there
was in 1818 m compensating members of Con-
gress; if the same end is to be obtained, the addi-
tion which the bill proposes should be made to the
rate of compensation.
Mr. President, the legislation of Congress, since
I have had the honor of a seat in this body, has
demonstrated that what 1 have affirmed with re-
gard to our own compensation, and the necessity
of its increase,is true. You, sir, and 1, well know,
every gentleman who hears me knows, that in the
course of the last half dozen years, almost every
officer in the executive branch of the Government,
every officer who is employed in attendance upon
either House of Congress, has had his compen-
sation largely increased—increased to the full
amount of the advance which this bill proposes
to make in our compensation. We have been
compelled to make it. A sense of justice to the
employees of the Government has compelled us to
make it. And, after having made this advance in
the compensation of all the executive officers of
the Government; after having served for totally
inadequate compensations from year to year,
while the disparity between the compensation and
the necessary demands of our situation has been
yearly increasing, surely, sir, it cannot be said—
if we now pass this bill—that we have shown any-
indecent haste to furnish for ourselves that reason-
able relief which we have long since granted to
others. So much for that portion of the bill which
relates to ourselves.
How stands the case with regard to the judges
of the Supreme Court of the United States ? They
have been much in the same situation as the mem-
bers of both Houses of Congress. The present
rate of compensation to the judges of that court
was fixed as far back as the year 1819. It has
since received no addition. l*'or thirty-seven years
the members of this body and of the other House
of Congress, and the judges ofthe Supreme Court,
have remained without any measure being adopted
by Congress for the amelioration of their condition
and for adapting their compensation to their in-
creased and increasing wants.
I assume, with regard to the judges, that the
salaries fixed in 1819 gave them but a reasonable
compensation; and, if so, it is, I think, demon-
strable that those salaries have now, from various
causes, ceased even to approach a fair and reason-
able compensation. 1 will call the attention of
the Senate to two or three facts which will serve
to show the change in the labors, and thebusiness,
and the expenditures of the members of that court,
from which the truth of my proposition will be
sufficiently evident.
In the six years commencing with 1S09 and
terminating with 1815, that court was in session
altogether two hundred and six days, and decided
two hundred and thirty-three cases, making the
average of cases decided by the court in each
year to be thirty-nine, and of days in which they
sat, thirty-six. In the six years between 1822
ami 1827, embracing a peiiod commencing shortly
after the salaries of the judges were fixed, the
court was in session two hundred and sixty-three
days, and determined one hundred and ninety-
four cases, making the average of cases yearly
determined, to be thirty-two, and days in which
they were in session forty-four. In the six years
from 1848 to 185,'i, inclusive, the judges were m
session six hundred and sixty-four days, and
determined four hundred and forty-eight cases,
making an average of seventy-font cases decided
in each year, and one hundred and ten days of
actual session.
Now, sir, it is impossible to contemplaie this
enormous increase of business anil vast additional
consumption of time of the judges, without per-
ceiving that, if the salaries allowed in 1811) were
then fair and reasonable, they have entirely ceased
to be so now. Cut, then, Mr. President, there is
another consideration. It must, be recollected that
this statement by no means furnishes to us an ade-
quate view of the increase upon the labor and the
additional consumption of the time of the judges
of that court, because we must recollect that, on
their circuits, in the advancing business and varied
pursuits of the country, new classes of litigation
have sprung up, and subjects have come in con-
test in particular cases of such importance in
principle and value in amount, that, m a similar
proportion, at least, have the circuit labors been
enlarged, which,by law,they are required to per-
form. Nor is this all. When a judge, as formerly,
was required to come here and spend perhaps a
fortnight or three weeks in attending a term of the
court, it exposed him to little personal sacrifice or
inconvenience, and to very little expenditure. But
now, sir, when every second year he spends six
months in this place, and three months in the
intervening year, it is actually equivalent to com-
pelling him to support two households. His sac-
rifice is great; his expenditure is great; his labor
is enormous.
The quetstion then presents itself, Mr. Presi-
dent, is it just, is it fair, is it magnanimous, thsit
those public servants, now the actual drudges of
the Commonwealth, should be left with a com-
pensation which I think every gentleman knows
to he entirely inadequate? But, further, is itright,
is it safe for the country? Pause one moment,
and consider the nature of their duties. These
judges no longer sit here to determine causes of
comparatively small moment, which, though they
may settle great principles, involve no large
amount of pecuniary interests. The causes that
now come before them often involve millions of
property; and the question may with propriety
be asked, whether any wise and judicious Legis-
lature should commit the decision of such contro-
versies to needy and half-provided men? Sir,
every American must feel proud to know that the
ermine of that court has never heretofore been
touched with even a suspicion of corruption; but
is it wise in us, is it safe, according to the experi-
ence of mankind, to continue to press this experi-
ment, and to keep men unprovided in such an
office, to leave them only such an allowance aa
does not provide adecentand comfortable support
for their families? Sir, they are the supreme
arbiters in the last resort of controversies often
involving principles of vast moment, and some-
times millions of dollars; and ought not to be
left to trials under which many wise, and some
good men have fallen. They should have a
sufficient and honorable provision; they should be
freed from the perplexities of domestic want, the
pressure of private embarrassments, and thus be
enabled to devote, without interruption from pri-
vate anxieties, all their best powers to the service
of their country.
But who are the men, sir, in whose behalf I
make this appeal to your justice and magnanim-
ity ? I may instance one or two without fearing
to be invidious. There is the venerable magistrate
who presides in that court. He deserves to have
applied to him the description which my Lord
Coke givesof Chief Justice Wray. He is emphat-
ically " a most reverend judge, of profound
and judicial knowledge, accompanied with a ready
and singular capacity, grave and sensible elocu-
tion, and continual and admirable patience." lie
is a noble specimen of what the judicial character
should be. Every Senator knows that he has dis-
charged all the duties of his high office with an
integrity unimpeached, with unsurpassed learn-
ing, and with a decorum, a courtesy which has
never, in a single instance, been swerved from its
propriety. He has labored on without complain-
ing; he has asked nothing; but there, looking only
to his country and his duty, and meeting increas-
ing demands upon his time and strength with new
exertions of energy and perseverance, he continues
to preside in that, high court, which is the sheet-
anchor of our institutions, a worthy successor of
that illustrious man who immediately preceded
him.
Mr. President, look at the two junior judges
of that court, from the extreme points of the
Union, North and South; men of the highest
character for learning, for integrity,for talent, for
judicial propriety and decorum; men in the prime
of life; men who have been placed upon that bench
with the prospect of having a long career of use-
fulness to their country, and of honor for them-
selves before them; men led by a natural and
honorable ambition, by a just professional pride,
elevating them above sordid considerations, to
accept a position the compensation of which is
not more, probably, than tlic fourth of what their
profession had produced, and would have con-
tinued for many years to produce, for them. Sir,
we had an example in the course of the last yeai,
which, to my mind, was a spectacle of moral sub-
limity, when we saw those two judges presiding,
one in the extreme North, the other in the ex-
treme South, calmly and fearlessly endeavoring
to enforce the laws of the United States against
the prejudices and the passions of an excited and
embittered community. I do not advert to these
cases for the purpose of bringing up or making an
invidious allusion to the particular questions dis-
cussed, which produced excitement or discontent
in either case. I have no such purpose; but, 1
trust, another and a higher one. 1 refer to the fact
merely of the excitement—the popular outcry,
and the manly firmness of the judges. I ask how
important it must be—how inexpiessibly import-
ant for our country and its institutions it is, and
must ever be—to have that bench adorned by
magistrates possessing and exhibiting such quali-
ties; by men standing like a rock, against which
the waves of popular passion and the tumultuary
outbursts of angry, and excited, and seditious men
may harmless break, leaving the lofty and august
form of judicial power uninjured and towering far
above them.
Now, Mr. President, if those high functions are
to be exercised, and by this court, (and we cannot
prevent it, the court is established by the Consti-
