1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
other pensions of the United States for the year
ending June 30, 3858.
Also, that they had passed the bill from the
Senate for the better preservation of life and prop-
erty from vessels shipwrecked on the coasts of
the United States.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill for the
relief of Jacob McLellan; which thereupon re-
ceived the signature of the President pro tempore.
RIVER IMPROVEMENTS IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I am instructed
by the Committee on Commerce to report back,
with certain amendments, the bill which was re-
ferred to them " making appropriations for deep-
ening the channel over the St. Clair flats, and for
deepening the channel over the St. Mary's river,
in the State of Michigan." 1 will state in a few
words what the amendments are. After filling
the blanks in the bill, the committee simply rec-
ommend a change of its phraseology so as to
limit the appropriation for the St. Mary's im-
provement to such surveys as have already been
made. The whole appropriation necessary can-
not now be made with propriety, because the War
Department has not yet received the proper in-
formation. The officer in charge has been applied
to, but his report has not yet been received. My
colleague [Mr. Cass.] has asked for that informa-
tion, and if that shall be received before the bill
be finally acted upon, we shall move to amend it
so as to cover the whole ground.
The bill and amendments were ordered to be
printed.
ISAAC SWAIN.
Mr. CHASE. I ask the Senate to indulge me
by taking up for consideration a private bill which
ought to nave been acted on at the last session of
Congress, but was not. i move to take up for
consideration Senate bill for the relief of Isaac
Swain.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the payment of $4,150 to
Isaac Swain, for damages to the ship Ellen llrooks,
his property, while employed in conveying mili-
tary supplies from Banicia, California, to Gov-
ernment posts near that place, under the order of
the proper officers, and detention of the vessel
beyond the time stipulated in the charier-party.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, I will explain
the bill briefly to the Semite. The proper officers
of the United States entered into a contract with
Captain Swain lor the transportation of stores
from Valparaiso to Benicia. On arriving at Be-
nicia he notified the proper officers of his readiness
to deliver the stores. He was required to land
them at a certain point up the river, at which the
landing was not usual, and was not required by
the charter-party. In consequence of his endeavors
to do this, and without any fault on hia part, the
vessel was damaged to the amount of about $3,500.
This damage was proved to the satisfaction ot the
committee, and it constitutes one of the items al-
lowed in the bill. The other item is fordetention,
under the contract, beyond the time stipulated in
the charter-party. These two items constitute the
whole of the allowance made by the Committee on
Claims. In making this allowance the committee
were unanimous. They disallowed by far the
greatest portion of the claim; but, so fur as the
bill goes, they all think it clearly just and equi-
table.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third timer and passed.
GRAHAM A3ND FLNNAIX.
Mr. WELLER. t ask the Senate to take up
the bill for the relief of James S. Graham and
Walker H. Finnall, which passed the House of
Representatives at the last session, but was not
acted on in the Senate for want of lime
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill.
Its object is to give authority to the Postmaster
General to pay to Graham and Finnall the sum
of $3,000, as compensation in full for the losses
sustained by them, by reason^of the abandonment
by the Postmaster General of two contracts made
by that officer v/ith them for the transportation of
the mail from Washington to Fredericksburg, and
from Fredericksburg to Richmond, which con-
tracts bear date the 3d of December, 1847.
In October, 1847, the Richmond, Fredericks-
burg, and Potomac Railroad Companies refused
to transport the mail of the United States without
an increased compensation, and demanded a rate
of compensation greater than that for which the
Postmaster General was authorized to contract by
law. He proceeded to advertise for proposals to
carry the mails between Washington and Rich-
mond by post coaches; and proposals were made,
accepted, and contracts entered into, for the trans-
portation of the mails between the points named—
one contract for the mail between Washington
and Fredericksburg, and one for the mail between
Fredericksburg and Richmond—at the aggregate
sum per annum of $13,000. The contracts were
taken by the memorialists, and were to commence
on the 10th of December, 1847, and to expire on the
30th of June, 1851, making the term of service
nearly three years and seven months. The con-
tracts were taken with the understanding and with
the just expectation that the full term of service
would be enjoyed, and with this expectation the
contractors were induced to incur extraordinary
expenses in stocking and opening a route upon
brief notice, and at the commencement of winter.
The fact that the contractors had good reason
to understand that the contract would not be aban-
doned, appears from the statement ol the Post-
master General, Hon. Cave Johnson. It appears,
however, that within the first year of the service
the Postmaster General succeeded in effecting a
satisfactory contract with the railroad companies;
and hence, on November 30, 1848, he gave notice
to the contractors of the abandonment of his con-
tract with them, to take effect the 4th of Decem-
ber, 1818. Thereupon the contractors called upon
the Postmaster General for compensation for their
extraordinary losses, and in his reply the opinion
was distinctly expressed, that it would be just to
give additional and equitable indemnity to the
contractors, who are the present memorialists, but
he had no legal power to afford the relief.
From the "peculiar character of the case, the
memorialists arc entitled to indemnity; they should
at least receive a fair indemnity foi their actual
losses, which are estimated by the committee at
the sum of three thousand dollars.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, onlered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
HOUSE BSI.T, REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives,
making appropriation!) for the payment of invalid
and other pensions of the United btfttes for the
year ending Jime'30, 1856, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
ISRAEL KETCHAM
On motion by Mr. CHASE, the bill for the
relief of Israel Ketcham was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
March, 18-25, authorized the accounting officers
to pay to Nimrod Farrow, surviving contractor,-
the sum of £73,747 78, and to surrender to him
all liens and securities held by the Government
for advances made on the contract, but it was
provided that Farrow, before receiving any of
the personal property to be delivered, and before
being entitled to receive the money mentioned,
should enter into a bond to the Secretary of War,
with security in the penal sum of §120,000, to
appropriate the net proceeds of the personal
pronerty, and the money to be received, towards
the payment of the debts contracted by Farrow
and Harris, or either of them, or any other person
or persons contracting under them for supplies
. furnished and services rendered in and about the
! erection of the fortification; and if there was any
! surplus, after paying the debts so contracted,
| Farrow was to pay to Harris, or his legal repre-
I sentatives or assigns, his just proportion of the
i surplus. Jt was made the duty of the Secretary
of War, upon the application of any of the par-
ties interested, and satisfactory proof of the
failure of Farrow, to fulfill the conditions, to
cause the bond to be prosecuted for the benefit of
the party or parties making such application, and
of such persons as might have an interest in the
bond. _ . .
The petitioner thinks that, by this provision,
he was entitled to the payment of his claim out of
the $73,747 appropriated by the act, and com-
plains that, after the failure of Farrow to pay
him, he applied to the Secretary of War to have
suit brought on the bond filed with him for the
security of the sub-contractors; but no suit was
brought, and he thinks the Government should
be responsible for the misapplication, by its offi-
cers, of the fund provided for his relief.
Having failed to receive any part of his claim,
either from Farrow and Harris or from the Sec-
retary of War, Mr. Ketcham thinks the Govern-
ment is bound in equity and justice to pay him
the amount to which he was entitled under the
proviso of the act of 1825, and which Congress
intended should have been paid out of the appro-
priation made in that act, but of which he v/as
deprived through the laches of the Secretary of
War.
The committee are not disposed to admit that it
is the duty of the Government to interpose for the
protection of a sub-contractor against loss by the
failure of the principal, or from any other cause.
But it appears, from the terms of the act of 1825,
that, under the peculiar circumstances of this case,
Congress deemed it to be its duty, not only to
grant relief to the contractors, but to provide ex-
pressly that the relief should be extended to the
sub-contractors and other creditors of the original
contractors. Congress having adopted that prin-
ciple in this particular case, the question now pre-
sented appears to be whether its benefits shall be
I secured to the petitioner. The committee are sat-
! i°fied that he was a bona fide creditor of Farrow
' and Harris for material and labor furnished for the
j execution of their contract with the Government,
proposes to direct the payment to Ir.iael Ketcham, ;i and that his claim was intended to be embraced by
(a sub contractor under Farrow and Harris, con- || the proviso in the act of 1825; and that he failed
tractors for erecting a fortification on Dauphin to receive any poition of the money appropriated
Island, in Mobile bay.  n tlle ycar 1819,) the sum |j by that act.
of £17,528 55, the amount due to Ketcham from
Farrow and Harris, for labor and materials fur-
nished by him for the fortification, payment
whereof was intended to be secured by the proviso
to the act of the 3d of March, 1825, " for the
relief of Nimrod Farrow and Richard Harris."
In the year 1818, Farrow and Harris entered
into a contract with the United States for the con-
struction of a fortification at Dauphin Island, in
Mobile bay; and in 181!) entered into a contract
with Mr. Ketcham to furnish labor and materials
for that purpose, in compliance with his con-
tract, he took out from New York a number of
mechanics and laborers, with provisions, imple-
ments, and materials, to Dauphin Island, m doing
which he expended $20,000, and the only sum
received of Farrow and Harris for this expendi-
ture was :J5,000,
The erection of this fortification was subse-
quently abandoned by the Government, and
several acts have been passed by Congress for the
relief of Farrow and Harris, with the view of
indemnifying them for their losses consequent
upon the abandonment of the work by the
United States. One of these acts, passed the 3d
i 'The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 13, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journalof yesterday wasreadand approved.
SAMUEL PRIOtEAU.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message of the President:
To the Senate and Houseof Representatives :
An act for the relief of the legal representatives of Sam-
uel Prioleau, deceased, which provided for the payment of
the sum of §6,928 69, to the legal represcntaUves of said
