44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
Prioieau, by the proper accounting officer of the Treasury,
was approved by me July 27, 1854. It having been ascer-
tained that the identical claim provided for in this act was
liquidated and paid under the provisions of the general act
of August 4, 1790, and of the special act of January 24,
1795, the First Comptroller of the Treasury declined to
give effect to the law first above referred to without com-
municating the facts for my consideration. This refusal I
regard as fully justified by the facts upon which it was
predicated.
In view of the destruction of valuable papers by fire in
the building occupied by the Treasury Department in 1814,
and again in 1833, it is not surprising that cases like this
should, more than seventy years after the transaction with
which they were connected, be involved in much doubt.
The report of the Comptroller, however, shows conclu-
sively, by record evidence still preserved in the Department
and elsewhere, that the sum of $6,122 44, with $3,918 36
interest thereon from the date of the destruction of the
properly—making the sum of $10,040 80—was allowed to
Samuel Prioieau under the act for his relief passed in 1795.
That amount was reported by the Auditor to the Comp-
troller on the 14th day of February, 1795, to be funded as
follows, to wit:
Two thirds of ^6,122 44, called6 percent, stock $4,081 63
One third, called deferred stock  2,040 81
Interest on the principal, called 3percent. stock 3,918 36
$10,040 80
On the books of the loan office of South Carolina, under
date of April 27, 1795, is an entry showing that there
was issued of the funded 6 per cent, stock to Samuel
Prioieau  $4,081 63
Of the deferred stock  2,040 8L
Of the 3 per cent, stock  3,918 36
§10,040 80
On the ledger of said loan office an account was opened
with Samuel Prioieau, in which he was credited with the
three items of stock, and debited by the transfer of each
certificate to certain persons named under dates of May
20, 1795, August 24, 1795, and April 19, 1796.
These records show that the account of Samuel Prioieau,
required to be settled by the act of January 28,1795, was
settled; that the value of the property destroyed was al-
lowed ; that the amount so found due was funded by said
Prioieau, and entered by his order on the loan office books
of South Carolina, and coon thereafter by him sold and
transferred. That the entire funded debt of the United
States was long since paid is matter of history.
tt is apparent that the claim has been prosecuted under
a misapprehension on the part of the present claimants.
I present the evidence in the case collected by the First
Comptroller, and embodied in his report, for your consider-
ation, togetiier with a copy of a letter just received by that
Officer from the executor of P. G. Prioieau, and respect-
fully recommend the repeal of the act of July 27, 1854.
FRANKLIN 1'IEltCB.
Washington, December 11,1854.
Mr. AIKEN. I move that the message be laid
upon the table and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The claim was' passed
through the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions, and the Chair would suggest that the mes-
sage and accompanying papers be now given the
same direction.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move that the message
and accompanying papers be referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. AIKEN. 1 do not think the reference as
indicated is at all necessary. There was a mistake
evidently in the first instance. It has been cor-
rected, and the matter arranged since. The parties
concerned acknowledge the error into which they
were led. 1 repeat, that 1 see no reason for again
referring the matter to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions. No further action is demanded
on our part, and, therefore, I have moved that the
message be laid upon the table and ordered to be
printed.
The question was taken; and Mr. Aiken's
motion was agreed to.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. FAULKNER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to introduce the
following resolution:
- Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
authorized to employ a clerk at the usual pay of four dol-
lars per day, for such time as he is actually employed.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move an
amendment, authorizing the Committee on the
Judiciary to employ a clerk upon the same terms.
Mr. Speaker, 1 will aay in reference to the
amendment, that the House referred certain mat-
ters of investigation to that committee at the last
session, and authorized it to employ a clerk so
long as the investigation continued. By a subse-
quent resolution that investigation was extended
to all other matters before the late Mexican com-
mission. It is somewhat doubtful whether the
committee would not be authorized to employ a
clerk until the conclusion of that investigation. It
is possible that that resolution may now authorize
them, but this amendment will make the matter
certain. I think every member of the committee
is satisfied that, having a great deal of very im-
portant business to attend to, it is a matter of
impossibility to get along without a clerk.
Mr. DISNEY. I think that the better course
would be to make the resolution general, and pro-
vide for clerks to all the standing committees. I
believe that most of them had clerks at the last
session.
Mr. HOUSTON. Some of the committees
may not want clerks.
Mr. DISNEY. I make no objection to any
course desired by gentlemen; I merely threw out
the suggestion.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to; the resolution, as amended, was
then adopted.
USURY LAWS.
Mr. BOYCE, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following resolution; which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire and report as to the expediency of the
repeal of the usury laws, with leave to report by bill or
otherwise.
NEW ORLEANS CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. DUNEAR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution; which was read a first
and second time by its title, as follows:
A joint resolution to modify, or change the
original plan of the custom-house at New Orleans.
The joint resolution was read in exlenso.
It provides that the provisoes appended to the
several appropriations for the custom-house at
New Orleans shall be so modified as to substitute
wrought-iron beams, and to substitute some light
fire-proof material for the roof, which shall relieve
the walls from superfluous weight.
Mr. DUNBAR. I have here a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, which will explain the
necessity for the passage of the resolution.
The letter was read by the Clerk, giving reasons
why the modifications in the original plan should
be made.
Mr. DUNBAR. I will merely state, in addition,
that owing to the nature of the soil upon which
the very large custom-house at New Orleans is
being erected, it is necessary to make these altera-
tions in the plan which are recommended by the
Secretary of the Treasury. There is an urgent
necessity that there should be immediate action
upon the subject. It will cost less to finish the
building upon the plan now proposed than upon
the original plan, and it will be quite equal in
beauty and durability. I think there can be no
objection to the passage of the resolution, and I
ask unanimous consent that it be put upon its
passage.
The joint resolution was then ordered to a third
reading; and was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. DUNBAR moved that the vote by which
the resolution passed be reconsidered, and that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed, without amend-
ment, a bill of this House (No. 437) for the relief
of Isaac M. Sigler, of Putnam county, Indiana,
and a joint resolution (No. 38) for the relief of the
children of Captain Thomas Porter, deceased.
SAMUEL PRIOLEAU—AGAIN.
Mr. COBB. I rise to a privileged question. I
move to reconsider the vote by which the letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, which was
read this morning, was laid upon the table. It is
in relation to that bill about which we have had
some difficulty. I will state that while I am
opposed to interfering with anything proceeding
from my honorable friend from South Carolina,
[Mr. Aiken,] I am satisfied that we could pursue
a course better than the one he has suggested in
relation to this case.
The bill to which that letter relates stands upon
your statute-books unrepealed, and while I appre-
hend no-difficulty, so far as the present generation
are concerned, yet, in future, persons may rise up
who have forgotten the transaction, and may come
forward with claims for the appropriation which
has not been paid. I think the better course would
be for us to reconsider the vote by which this com-
munication was laid upon the table, and to refer it
to the committee which had charge of the bill—
the Committee on Revolutionary -Pensions, I
think—with instructions to report a bill for the
repeal of the original bill. I say I have no appre-
hension of any difficulty from the present genera-
tion, but generations may rise up hereafter who
may come to your records and find the bill unre-
pealed, without the evidence that the money has
been already paid. I hope, therefore, that my
honorable friend from South Carolina will concur
with me that it would be better to refer this com-
munication to the committee who originally had
charge of the subject, with instructions to report
a bill repealing the original bill.
Mr. STANTON", of Tennessee. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Alabama that a shorter
course would be for him to present such a bill
himself. It could be done in three lines.
Mr. COBB. If I could have the opportunity
of reporting such a bill, 1 should have no objection
to that course.
Mr. AIKEN. I have no objection whatever
to the course indicated by the gentleman from
Alabama, though I think it is entirely unneces-
sary. I think, if the gentleman knew the parties
themselves, he would not consider any such action
necessary.
Mr. COBB. I said I had no apprehension in
reference to these parties, but that generations
might rise up hereafter which might not prove
quite so honorable.
Mr. AIKEN. I presume there is some mis-
apprehension in reference to the circumstances
connected with the case. As soon as the error
was discovered, the parties made the fact known
to the Treasury Department. Mr. Whittlesey
has presented us with a report upon the subject,
which will go upon the records, accompanied
with the letter stating that the money has been
paid, so that there can be no possible danger of
any mistake resulting in the future. If the gen-
tleman wishes to have the act repealed, however,
I have no sort of objection; but I would suggest
that it would be better to repeal the act at once,
without referring the communication at all.
Mr. ORR. I believe the Clerk has prepared a
bill, which I now ask the consent of the House to
offer.
There was no objection, and the bill was read a
first and second time by its title, ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time, and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read a third time, and
The message of the President in -relation to the
bill was then laid upon the table.
CALIFORNIA LAND COMMISSION.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask the consent of the
House to make a report from the Committee on
Public Lands, in order that the same may be laid
upon the table and printed.
Several Members. What is it about ?
Mr. LATHAM. It is a report upon House
bill No. 547, entitled " A bill to continuein force,
for a limited time, the provisions of the act of
Congress of 3d March, 1851; and the second sec-
tion of its supplement of 18th January, 1854, so
as to enable the board of land commissioners in
California to close their adjudication of private
land titles in that State, and for other purposes."
I do not wish to have the report read. I only
wish to have it laid upon the table and printed.
No objection being made, the report was or-
dered to lie upon the table and be printed.
CLERK FOR PUBLIC LAND COMMITTEE.
Mr. DISNEY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to offer the following
resolution:
