1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
Resohed, That the Committee on Public Lands be au-
thorized to employ n clerk during the present. session, at a
compensation not exceeding four dollars a day.
Mr. COBB. I am a member of the Committee
on Public Lands. I objected to that resolution
in the committee, and voted against it, and I feel
it to be my duty to object to it here.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
resolution cannot be received.
PRINTING OF MORTALITY STATISTICS.
Mr. MURRAY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That there bo printed, for the use of the mem-
bers of the present House of Representatives, fifteen thou-
sand copies of that portion of the returns of tile Seventh
Census which relates to the moitahty statistics of the
United States, to be arranged by the Superintendent of the
Census: Piomdei, The same shall be piinted 111 royal
octavo form, and not to exceed thiee hundred pages.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Secretary of
the Interior has, I think, informed us that the
Superintendent of the Census has performed his
duties, and resigned his office; and I believe that
the same Department has asked for one clerk to
take charge of all the census returns from 1790 to
the present time, and to furnish such information
as may be called for from those returns. 1 can,
therefore, see no necessity for that resolution, as
there is no perscm to execute it. I think it is
quite unnecessary to adopt it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg leave to say further,
that I remember very well that when this subject
was under consideration, two years ago, these
returns were found to be so inaccurate, that Con-
fress, at that time, refused to have them published.
f any gentleman will take the trouble (o investi-
gate the facts then elicited, 1 am satisfied they will
find that we should merely be diffusing error by
thia publication. I therefore hope that we shall
publish nothing of the kind.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the
resolution.
Mr. JONES, of New York. I wish to say to this
House that, two years since, I attended a meeting
of the Medical Association of the United States in
the city of Richmond, and that that body unani-
mously asked this House, by petition, to publish
these mortality statistics of the census of 1850. I
know that it was the unanimous opinion of the med-
ical faculty, from all the States of the Union, then
congregated at Richmond, that those statistics
ought to be published. I know, still further, that
there is no other body of men in the country so
well fitted to give an intelligent opinion on the sub-
ject as that very association; and they unanimously
asked that these facts should be published. I know
of no statistics that are so likely to be correct. If
they pre not correct, it is because a set of men
were sent abroad to collect facts who were un-
suited to the performance of that duty . The fact
of a birth, or a death, or a marriage, in a family,
it appears to me, is very likely to be remembered
for one year, at least.
We have published the statistics of the produce
of the country; the number of bushels of wheat
and potatoes; the value of fowls and hen-roosts,
and all matters of that kind; but when you were
asked, by the medical faculty of the United States,
to furnish a clerk to collect the mortality statistics,
and send those statistics to them, you refused to
do it. The Medical Society of the State of New
York—a very learned body, in my estimation—
have had this subject under consideration, and
have petitioned this House to publish these facts.
The whole medical world asks it; and I say to
every member of this House, that you can send
no document to your physician—if he is an intel-
ligent man—that he will prize so highly as this. If
you wiil permit the medical faculty to send a com-
mittee to investigate these papers, and publish
them themselves, they will do it at their own cost;
and I would say to my friends in this House that
I really think the medical faculty are better judges
of what they want than this House can possibly
be.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Permit me to make a sug-
gestion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I objected to the
introduction of thia resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution came in as a
report from the Committee on Printing, and the
Chair thinks that the objection cannot aO'ect it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is a privileged report.
Mr. J ONES. I suppose that the Committee on
Pnnting have no right to select portions of docu-
ments, sent to a former Congress, and report in
favor of printing them. They have no right to
bring in such reports as that under the rule that
allows them to report at any time.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to say that the Committee on
Printing obtained jurisdiction of the matter by a
resolution referred to them by this House having
special reference to the statistics of mortality.
The SPEAKER. In that case, the Chair thinks
that the resolution is properly before the House.
Mr. JONES. When was that resolution re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing?
Mr. STANTON. At the close of the last ses-
sion of Congress.
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir; but you will recollect
lhat all that fell through. This is is a new Com-
mittee on Printing, and the matters referred to the
committee of last session cannot be acted on by
the present committee.
The SPEAKER. The question arises whether
the objection of the gentleman from Tennessee
does not come too late.
Mr. JONES. I made it some time since.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not recollect
hearing the objection.
Mr. JON liS. 1 made the objection at the close
of my remarks. I distinctly stated that I objected
to the resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understand the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Joncs] to say that the
medical faculty desires to have the facts upon the
subject published. I have no doubt but that the
medical faculty desires to have the facts in ques-
tion; but they will not get the facts by this pub-
lication. These gentlemen suppose that the
statistics have been accurately collected by the
Census Bureau, but if any of tliem were to go to
that office, and examine these statistics for them-
selves, they would ascertain that they are entirely
unreliable. 1 do not understand from the gentle-
man that any members of the medical association
which he spoke of ever did examine the compila-
tion of vitality statistics. If any of them had
taken the trouble to go to the Census Bureau for
that purpose, they would have found that there is
no information there that would be of any service
to their profession. I rather suppose that the gen-
tleman has not himself looked into the particulars
of these returns, but I would remind him that
when the statistics for the State of Maryland were
submitted us a specimen to Congress, the matter
was referred to a committee of the House, and
also to a committee of the Senate. When these
committees examined the report, it appeared that
it was full of errors. I took some pains myself
to examine it, and really the errors with which it
was lilled were laughable. If the gentleman from
New York will take the trouble to read the report i
which was made at the time by the committee, he '
will see how utterly incorrect these statistics were.
The result of the committees' report was that the
last Congress was satisfied that there was nothing
in this book which ought to be sent abroad through- I
out the country.
The gentleman from New York says that the
medical gentlemen thioughout the country would
like to have the, privilege of examining into these
returns, and that they might have them published
at their own expense. Now, if the gentleman
introduces a resolution to confer such privilege on
the medical faculty of the United States, I will not
object to it. I do not believe that any member on
this floor will object to any medical association or
any medical gentleman having the privilege of
going to the Census Office and examining this thing
for themselves. But 1 do object to our diffusing
error m this way at the public expense. I do not
understand that my friend from New York is pre-
pared to say that these statements of the Census
Bureau are at all reliable. I am sure they are not.
Even those matters which we have already pub-
lished from that office, are not at all correct. Gen-
tlemen of this House who have examined the
Census Report, as published, know very well that
it is full of errors. For example, I cannot ascer-
tain, by referring to this report, how many cotton
factories there are in North Carolina; nor can 1
ascertain how many iron establishments there are
in any particular county. 1 merely cite these
examples to ifiow how extremely inaccurate the
returns which wo have already sent abroad are. I
But when we come to the vitality statistics it is still
worse. That is a matter which those engaged m
the returns knew very little about, and therefore
you will find in these statistics errors <*en greater
than in other portions of the report. On that
ground I hope that the publication of these vitality
statistics will not be made, forif Congress authorize
their publication, they wiil be taken throughout the
country, and in Europe, to be correct; and they
will thus mislead scientific men.
Mr. WADE. Did the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Clingman] specially examine these
vitality statistics ? and if so, where did he find the
errors he complains of?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have not stated that I
have examined one branch of the returns more
than another. But I say this to my friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] that I did examine, with some
care, a portion of the volume published,—that re-
lating to the State of Maryland,—and 1 found in
it a number of amusing and laughable mistakes. I
am not a married man like my friend, and do not
take so much interest in the matter of births and
marriages as he may take. [Laughter.]
Mr. WADE. Well, it is time the gentleman
from North Carolina was beginning to take an
interest in that subject. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES, of'New York. I wish to say one
word mftre on this subject, so that the House may
better understand the reasons why these statistics
should be published. The collection of census
statistics made in this country in 1850 will be re-
peated , and the publication of the vitality statistics
now, will cause more accuracy to be observed in
talcing like statistics again. And I wautthemem-
bers of this House to understand that the medical
faculty ask that this thing may be published, so
that they may be enabled to correct the errors
therein—if there are any. The House will con-
cede the proposition that probably the best class
of society to whom this thing can be referred is
the medical men.
In countries where such statistics are collected,
it is members of the medical profession who
attend to them. I do not suppose that, in this
instance, these statistics are entirely correct; but I
know that the whole medical faculty of the coun-
try ask you to give them copies of the vitality
statistics compiled from the census of 1850, so
that the eriors which may exist in them may be
guarded against in the next census. I shall take
the ground that, if these returns are incorrect, that
is one reason additional why they should be
printed, so that the errors might be detected and
avoided in future.
I would say, further, to the members of thia
House, that if there is any body of men on the
earth who are entitled to receive from you what
they ask, it is the medical faculty of this country.
They spend their daya and nights in diving into
the secrets of diseases, and in hunting them up.
They meet annually in "convention, in some city
of the United States, and at their own expense.
They are not paid eight dollars a day; but they
defray their own expenses; convening not for
their own good, but for ours; and for the good of
our constituencies. 1 am sorry that that profes-
sion has not an abler advocate than myself to
represent it here; but I ask the members of this
House to pass this resolution unanimously, and
give to the medical faculty what they request—
the vitality statistics of this country. These sta-
tistics will benefit them,if they do not benefit you.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to inquire of the
Chair, or of some member of the Committee on
Printing, about what would be the cost of this
publication?
Mr. MURRAY. I understand that the cost of
getting up the work in the bureau, would be about
§2,500, and that the cost of printing would be
thirty-seven rents per copy.
Mr. ITAVEN. I do not desire to enter into the
controversy at all. I have not examined the sta-
tistics in question, nor will I have an opportunity
of doing so unless they are published. I think it
is better that they should be published, and I hope
the House will adopt the resolution. 1 therefore
move the previous question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to lay the resolu-
tion upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Ha-
ven,] who moved the previous question, I would
suggest 
