46
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) There is a
motion pending that the resolution be laid upon
the table.
Mr. CtftNGMAN. I withdraw that motion.
Mr. JONES. I suggest, that if the resolution
do pass, and if the work has to be done, some-
body else besides the Superintendent of the Cen-
sus Bureau, who has resigned, will be given charge
of it.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Will thegen-
tieman from New York [ftliv Haven] allow me
one moment to make a shb'rt explanation ?
Mr. HAVEN. I will withdraw my demand
for the previous question for the purpose of expla-
nation.
Mr. STANTON. I think" it very proper that
the House ehould Know that a large portion of
the statistics in question are already prepared and
ready for publication. The vitality statistics of
some six or eight of the States are already arranged
and prepared, according to forms which have been
suggested by the medical gentlemen throughout
the United States who took an interest in the
matter. The continuance of the office need not be
prolonged more than two or three months for the
purpose of completing the arrangement of these
statistics, at which time they will be ready to be
handed to the printer, and the work can be dis-
tributed at the expiration of this sessioif of Con-
gress.
In reference to the correctness of these statistics,
the Superintendent of the Census does not pretend
that they are strictly correct in all respects; be-
cause it was a matter of impossibility that the
gentlemen who took the census throughout the
United States could be sufficiently accurate in
their labors to get such statistics correctly. But
I understand that the returns approximate as
nearly to correctness as could be expected. Since
the returns have been made Mr. DeBow has sent
circulars to every quarter where it was likely that
information could be got, and wherever there were
errors in the returns which could be corrected
through that instrumentality, he was enabled so
to have them corrected.
I have no doubt, as the gentleman on my right
[Mr. Jones, of'New York] has said, that these
statistics, if presented to the public, will be found
of immense value to the medical faculty; and
besides, as he remarks, if errors have crept into
them, their publication will be the means of pre-
venting such errors in the future.
_ Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I can see no pos-
sible necessity for this publication. I suppose
that every physician in the country knows how
many persons have died under his own practice,
and whether he has killed them scientifically or
ignorantly. It will do them no good, as I con-
ceive. to know how many they have killed in the
aggregate. I renew the motion of the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] that the
resolution be laid on the fable.
Mr. HUNT?. I hope the honorable gentleman
from Tennessee will allow me to say one word,
by way of reply, to the remarks which the gen-
tleman has addressed to the House just now. I
desire to vindicate an honorable and useful pro-
fession from the slanders of that gentleman.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order on
the motion to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. HUNT. The gentleman was allowed to
address the House, and I only desire to say that
in my opinion it is indecent for any gentleman to
speak of a calling 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) Discussion
is out of order unless the motion to lay the reso-
lution on the table be withdrawn.
Mr. JONES. 1 withdraw the motion. Did I
understand the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr.
Hunt] to say that he wished to repel a slander?
Mr. HUNT. I did say so, sir.
Mr. JONES. 1 have been a member of this
body for some years. I have never in my life,
here or elsewhere, intentionally wounded the feel-
ings or attempted to insult any gentleman. I am
no bully; 1 am no duellist; and with such I have
nothing to rlo.
Mr. HUNT. The gentleman says that he
would not slander an honorable profession. He
did so by sneering at it, and talking of their killing,
and keeping accounls of their own killing, and of
there being no necessity for statistics to be fur-
nished at the hands of this House, as they desire.
When the gentleman talks of an honorable pro-
fession endeared to us from birth, and throughout
life as preserving our lives in times of sickness
and disease; when he speaks of physicians not
as embassadors of humanity and mercy, not as
health-giving men, but as destroyers of life, I say
that he slanders a noble profession. I do not im-
pute to the gentleman an intention to do so. He
spoke hastily, I think, and in ignorance of the
exact bearing of his words, and perhaps he was
giving way to what is too common here in this
House and elsewhere, a disposition to find fault
with his neighbors, supposing, as men very often
do, that they rise in consequence as they detract
from the merits and knowledge of others. I say
that practice is common here, and too common
elsewhere. The gentleman, in language, did slan-
der a profession, an honorable profession, what-
ever his intention might have been. Had he said
that he did not mean to do so, I would have con-
curred immediately with his declaration, and have
said nothing more upon the subject. The gentle-
man says that he is no bully, and that he wishes
to have nothing to do with bullies. What does
the honorable gentleman mean ? Is he so false to
truth and honor as to impute to me, that I am a
bully; thatl would trespass upon the feelings of
any honorable gentleman, and that I would wan-
tonly do wrong to any human being upon earth ?
If he means by being a bully, that I have the
courage of a gentleman to resent an injury, he
does nothing more than appreciate my character
as a gentleman—a character which I believe is en-
joyed by every man whom I have the honor now
to look upon in this body. Why does the gentle-
man talk of bullying? Has heanyfear,and does
he imagine that I would desire to insult him ?
No, sir! I would rather cherish good will towards
all mankind. If I know my own heart, I have
Christianity enough in me to'desire to eradicate all
evil from it, and to live in peace and courtesy with
the whole world. I must say further, that I have
always liked the gentleman. I have met him upon
equal and kind terms, and when I rose to vindi-
cate the profession, I had no idea of testing his
courage, or trampling on his feelings, if he is
devoid of it. I rose in the discharge of my duty,
to ask this House to sustain a profession asking
for mortality and vital statistics—a very reason-
able request, which the medical profession best
know the value of, and which this House will no
doubt grant, after the debate which has already
been had upon it.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope the House will now
proceed to pass upon the resolution before therfl,
and I demand the previous question upon its
passage.
_ Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to lay the resolu-
tion upon the table, and upon it 1 demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 74, nays 107; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen. David J. Bai-
ley, Barry, Isocock, lioyce, Breckinridge, Brooks, Cham-
berlain, (Jhastain, CluisniDn, Clingman, Cobb, Colquitt,
Cox. Craigc, Cutting, John G. Davis, Dawson, DowdeH,
Eastman, Eddy, Edserton, Edmundson, Ellison, English,
Faulkner, Fuller, Goodc, Green, Greenwood, Hamilton,
Hendricks, Hihbard, Houston, Johnson, George W. Jones,
Kent, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane, Letcher, Lmd&lcy,Macdonald,
McMuliin, McQueen, Maxwell, Smith Miller. Mill&on,
Nichols, Noble, Orr, John Perkins, Phelps, Puryear,
Thomas Ritchey, Robbing Ruffin, Seymour, Shannon,
Shaw, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Ilcstor L. Stevens, Stratton, Strauh, An-
drew Stuart, Nathaniel G. Taj lor, Walsh, Warren, Witie,
and Daniel l>. Wright—71. ' '
NAYS—Messrs. Appleton, Ball, Hanks, Belcher, Ben-
son, Bliss, Bridges, Bristow, Campbell. Carpenter, Caruth-
ers, Oaskie, Chandler, Chase, Chuichwell, Clark, Corwin,
Crocker, Culiom, Curtis, Thomas Davis, De Witt, Diek,
Dickinson, Dunbar, Edmand?, Thomas D. Eliot, Echerid*e,
Everhart, Fenton, Flagler, Florence, Oiddmgs, Goodwin
Aaron IIa{lan- Harrison, Hastings, Haven, Uiester,
Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Daniel T. Jones, J. Glancy
i2n?\r\tte&eA Knox, Latham, Lewie, Lindley, Lvon,
McCulloch, MeDongall, Maec, Macy, Matteson, Mayall,
Meacham, Middleswanh, Morgan, Muriav, Norton, An-
drew Qhver, Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Peek, Pennington,
Bishop Perkins, Pbilbps, Pratt, Prelum, Pringle, Heady
Reese, David Ritchie, Rogers, Unroll, Sabin, Sapp, Sew
ard, Simmons, Skeiton, George W. Smyth, SoIIers. Fred-
erick P. Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Alexander H.
T°vfilG'r/DtTd SUart'iohn J- T*yl°r, John L.Taylor,
nV.rft0niT,rfrCylTrout* Vph*m, Wade> Walhridge,
WaJey, Jblhhu i>. Washturne. Jiia'.-l Washburn, Wells,
icT4ar~fo7nW°Uhj WeatWook> Wheeler,Yates,andZol-
So the House refused to lay therisolution upon
the table. 1
The previous question was then seconded, and
the mam question ordered.
The question was then taken; and the resolu-
tion was passed.
Mr. JONES, of New York, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted, and
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
MAIL SERVICE IN THE SOUTH.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to offer the fol-
lowing resolution. It is a matter of some import-
ance to my State, and I hope that the resolution
will be agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested to
inform Congress if, in obedience to the law passed August
the 5th, 1854, which "authorized and diiected Iiim to
establish a mail on the Mississippi river from Cairo to
New Orleans, and from Keokuk, Iowa, to Galena, in Illi-
nois, said mail to be carried daily from Cairo to New
Orleans," and to facilitate the establishment and carrying
of which, he was authorized, on failure to obtain acceptablc
bids, after advertising for thirty days, to make private con-
tracts, has been Dut into operation, either in whole or in
pari; and that it said mail has not been put into operation,
he communicate to Congress his reasons for this omission,
together with a statement of the terms of the bids, and the
names of the parties putting them in, for carrying said mail,
either for the whole route or for sections of the route ; and
that, in the event of his having contracted for carrying the
mail on any section or sections of said route, he inform the
House what section or sections, and whether bonds were
taken of the parties so contracting, for the faithful discharge
of their contracts, and the different dates at which said
bonds were taken and placed in the Department, and, it"
any, which of said bonds have been forfeited.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That live thousand extra copies of the.report3
of the Pacific railway survey and accompanying maps be
printed for the use ot the House.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, under the
rules, goes to the Committee on Printing.
On motion by Mr. READY, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers of Milton Spafford, for the
puipose of reference.
On motion by Mr. MATTESON, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
of the House the papers of Pamela Slavin.
On motion by Mr. ENGLISH, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
of the House the papers and petition of Thomas Shankland,
for the purpose of reference in the Senate.
BRIG COMO.
Reports being in order from the Committee on
Commerce,
Mr. AIKEN reported a bill authorizing the col-
lector of the port of Charleston, in South Caro-
lina, under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, to admit to registry, under the name
and title of the Jehossee, the American-built brio-
owned by Hugh E. Vincent and others, and
i known as the Como.
' ihe bill was then ofdered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
subsequently read the third time, and passed.
GRANTS OF LANDS.
Mr. DISNEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, made adverse reports in the following
cases; which were severally laid on the table:
On the petition of Randolph Macon College,
asking a grant of public land in order for its better
support;
On the memorial of the faculty of Union Uni-
versity, Tennessee, for a portion of the public
domain for the benefit of colleges and universi-
ties in the United States;
On the memorial of the president and pro-
fessors of Amherst College, Massachusetts, pray-
ing Congress to make a donation of a township
of the public land to each college and university
now in operation in the Uniied States;
On the petition of the faculty of the University
of Vermont for a grant of land for the benefit of
colleges in the United States;
On the petition of the faculty of Washington
College, Virginia, asking for a grant of land to
each chartered college and university in the
United States;
On thememoria] of the Delaware University, of
Ohio, for a grant of land for its better support;
On the petition of the faculty of La Fayette Col-
lege for a grant of a township of land to each of
