50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
fraternal blood; to get Missouri into the Union.
Thus it was in 1820.
Here comes the gentleman from Indiana, I
repeat, with a similar prohibition in his hand, to
estrange us, and to alienate our affections from
the Union. But the perpetuity of the Union,-1
am proud to say, will never be abandoned by the
conservative portion of the northern people. I
heard a gentleman the other day commisserate the
defeat of gentlemen from the North who had
voted for the Kansas-Nebraska bill. He was
sorry that they were decapitated at theballot-box.
Another expressed his sympathy; and, the better
to wound and stimr, he pitied them. Let me say,
Mr. Chairman, that those of the riorthern dele-
gation who voted for the Kansas-Nebraska bill
evinced a strong determination to do justice to all
parts of the confederacy. They recognized the
equality of rights among the States; and, sir, if
they have fallen in the defense of justice, it is but
for a little while. They will carry with them into
their retiracy the consciousness, as American
Representatives, of having indorsed and supported
a principle which is of no less importance than
those lying at the foundation of the Republic—
the right of the people of the Territories to govern
themselves. If they are to be thus proscribed,
they can console themselves with the proud recol-
lection of having fallen in the defense of equal
rights and of justice. It. wdl immortalize them.
There is a bright day in reserve for them. The
resplendent sun of intelligence will then burst upon
them a flood of glorious light. They may be
cheered and encouraged, and banish all fears.
Mr. Chairman, my friend proposes to prohibit
slavery forever from these Territories. Were I
to say that he was an Abolitionist, he might take
it unkindly, and perhaps call on me for explana-
tion. Let us examine his position, and see it
according to his statements tie tells us that
slavery exists, and lawfully, this very day, in
Kansas, and that there is no necessity for local
legislation to establish it. What doe3 he propose
to do? Why, he admits slavery is there, and pro-
poses a prohibition, which is practically the abo-
lition of slavery in the Territory. He abolishes
the instituiion of slavery; that is Abolitionism,
is it not? What other gentleman upon this floor,
professing to be conservative, will come up here,
with an open face, and propose the abolition of
slavery? This is, practically, Abolitionism, and
he cannot escape the conclusion.
The gentleman further remarks, that he antici-
pated, as a consequence of the passage of the Ne-
braska-Kansas bill, that contention would occur
in the Territories in regard to slavery. He alludes
to the recent election, as Delegate, of Mr. Whit-
field, and asks how it has been brought about'
He coniends that it haa been brought about by
the people of western Missouri going there and
voting against law and order.
Mr. MACE, (interrupting.) I simply stated
upon that point, because I was unwilling to make
the charge, that what 1 said was from newspaper
rumors, which I did not vouch for.
Mr. OLIVER. Yes, sir; then the gentleman
undertakes here in the Hall of the House of
Representatives, upon mere newspaper rumor, to
prefer a charge which in its tendency is calculated
to some extent to injure the persona to whom it
relates, that the people of Missouri have interfered
in the election of Kansas in a manner not m
accordance with law and order, fnr the purpose
of assisting in the election of Mr. Whitfield. And
the gentleman further stated, as I understood him,
that this organization was headed by a distin-
guished man in Missouri. To whom did the
gentleman refer ?
Mr. MACE, i referred to the same gentleman
who has been referred to as such in the news-
papers all over the country—Senator Atchison.
Mr. OLIVER. Then the gentleman from
Indiana, upon no other evidence than mere news-
paper rumor, here in this House, with his char-
acter as a Representative upon this floor, with
all the sanctity which that character can give the
charge, states that General Atchison was en-
gaged in the work of violating law and order in
the Territory of Kansas. Sir, General Atchison
(s incapable of such work. Those who know him
well, know that he is utterly incapable of such
work; and where he is known, there is no neces-
sity for anything to be said by me in vindication
of his character from any such aspersion. I leave
his name, his reputation, as a man of honor to
stand upon themselves as the best advocate, as
the best vindicator, in reference to charges such
as the gentleman from Indiana has preferred
against him.
How stands the ease with regard to the people
of Missouri? The gentleman has preferred his
charges against them upon mere newspaper
rumors. Suppose it were so; suppose the charges
were well founded, what of it then? Who set the
first example of organization for the purpose of
controlling the subject of slavery in the Territory
of Kansas? Where did we first get the example
of an organization of hirelings, of men bought up
and sent out to Kansas upon one idea ? And for
what purpose? To prevent slavery from being
established in that Territory. Where did the plan
find its origin' In the South? No, sir; in the
North and East. In that portion of the country
which my honorable friend from Indiana has the
hono'r, in part, to represent. A northern organ-
ization—an emigration society—was formed in the
North, and I believe an honorable member of this
House was made ita president.
Several Mesibers. Who is he? Name him!
Mr. OLIVER. No, sir, 1 will not call his
name, but I understand the president of that so-
ciety is a member of this House. And how was
that society organized? Upon what principles?
For what purpose? My friend behind me, from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] suggests that the pres-
ident of that emigration society was not only a
member of this House, but that he was beaten in
his own district in the recent election. Yes, sir,
and badly beaten. Did the people of Massachu-
setts put the seal of political death upon his patri-
otic brow? But this society was formed upon
certain principles, and for a certain purpose, and
that purpose was to prohibit slavery—to prevent
its introduction into the Territory of Kansas. And
how was it to be done-? It was by getting men
from the northern States to emigrate to Kansas
with instructions from headquarters, from the
president of the emigration society and its founder,
that they should resist the introduction of slavery
into thatTerritory, at all events. Well, sir, these
men emigrated to Kansas, with what inducement ?
Were they attracted thither by the grandeur of
its scenery? By the fentility of its soil? By the
magnitude of its rivers? By the prospects which
it opened to industry and enterprise? Did they
go there with the lawful purpose of becoming citi-
zens of the Territory merely? No! they went
there actuated by one idea only, and that was op-
position to slavery. They went two thousand
miles, and were furnished money to go there, for
no purpose other than to vote against the intro-
duction of slavery into Kansas.
Mr. ENGLISH. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri to yield for a single moment.
Mr. OLIVER. For explanation, I will.
Mr. ENGLISH. If I am correctly informed,
my colleague [Mr. Mace] himself was one of the
originators of that emigration society—one of the
pioneers in the cause. [Great laughter.]
Mr. MACE. I must congratulate my honora-
ble colleague as being a discoverer, second only to
Christopher Columbus. Why, sir, the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts—I will call him by
name—[Mr. Goodrich,] myself, and sundry other
vice presidents, organized this society immediately
after the passage of the Nebraska bill. And we
sent not only one circular, but a hundred thousand
of them, throughout the North, for the simple
j purpose, and none other, of defeating the iniquity
! of the repeal of the Missouri compromise..
| Mr. OLIVER. Then the honorable gentleman
: went " a wooling" and got fleeced. [Laughter.]
; Well, sir, I am astonished. The honorable gen-
tleman from Indiana admits that he was one of the
vice presidents of that wonderful society, and I
must acknowledge the truth of the statement since
he makes it himself, though I would not have be-
lieved it had it come from any other quarter. But
how does it happen that the honorable gentleman
and his eastern allies, who formed a society for
the avowed and sole purpose, of throwing twenty
thousand emigrants from the North into Kansas
for no other purpose than to defeat slavery there,
who have been engaged in their holy work ever
since the passage of the Kansas and Nebraska bill
until the recent election, when they were over-
whelmingly and shamefully defeated, now comes
into this House with a little prohibition. [Laugh-
ter.] After he had been engaged in his own game
with his eastern organization for the purpose of
preventing slavery m Kansas, by the exercise of
tb^sovereign rights of the people at the ballot-box,
he now comes in with a little bill forever prohibit-
ing slavery and involuntary servitude in the Ter-
ritory. The gentleman thinks that, because he
cannot get what he wants through his emigration
society, he will get it by prohibition. That is his
last hope. At the last session the gentleman was
no slavery agitator—one who would have nothing
to do with the subject; who opposed the Nebraska
and Kansas bill only because he would not violate
compacts, contracts, and compromises; it was that
which wounded his patriotic heart so much that
he could get no peace; he spoke only for the sake
of compromises. But now, the true reason of the
gentleman's opposition to the Kansas and Ne-
braska bill is developed, and that is opposition to
slavery, and to the extension of that institution.
When he finds that he cannot defeat it by means
of this unusual and unheard of organization at the
East—by belching forth into Kansas the surplus
population of the eastern States, those who, for a
few dollars, would peril life itself, and travel two
thousand miles for the purpose of carrying out a
visionary idea—when he is beaten in "that scheme",
he comes forward and proposes to prohibit sla-
very forever in the Territory of Kansas! That
proves conclusively, that his opposition to the
Nebraska bill was really instigated by his hos-
tility to the institution of slavery.
Mr. Chairman, the scheme of emigration into
Kansas, gotten up by northern gentlemen, natu-
rally suggested to the southern people, acting upon
the principle of self-defense and self-preservation,
some counteractive policy. Was it, sir, to be
expccted that the people of Missouri—a State
upon whose western border this Territory lies, and
in sight of many of her people—would sit down
quietly and fold their arms in a state of inaction,
whilst this eastern emigration society was flood-
ing the country with its emissaries for the sole
purpose of excluding slavery from Kansas, and
ultimately operatingupon their institutions to their
prejudice—surrounding them, as it were, with
scorpions and fire, until they should be forced
into subjection and acquiescence? And because
the State of Missouri was aroused to her danger,
and her people, awakened on this subject, mani-
fested their solicitude in regard to it from consid-
erations of self-preservation, is it to be imputed
to them as a crime and dishonor ? If any crime
has been committed, it was committed by you,
sir, [turning to Mr. Mace,] one of the vice pres-
idents of the society that perpetrated this foul
enormity against your country, threatening to
disturb its peace and harmony. Say not, then, ot
Missouri that she was guilty of any crime in
seeking to counteract your purposes by means at
once honorable and commendable.
Let me say just here, that I am happy to learn
that the emigrants to Kansas from the State of
Indiana voted for Whitfield. Yes, sir, the free-
men from Indiana, who emigrated to Kansas,
voted for Whitfield. What does that prove?
Why, that they did not go there under the aus-
pices of this eastern emigration society, but that
they went there as proud freemen, as noble men
—men of head and men of heart, men of spirit
and men of soul, men who appreciate freedom
and know the value of their sovereignty.
The gentleman from Indiana remarked that the
recently-elected Delegate from Kansas is from the
State of Missouri. I am sorry the gentleman
evinces so little acquaintance with the distin-
guished men of otir country, the places of their
birth, and the positions they have recently occu-
pied. Mr. Whitfield is from Tennessee. He
was for some time a member of the Tennessee
Legislature, but was appointed Indian agent for
Kansas, and has resided there ever since. He is
not from Missouri.
Mr. Chairman, my object in rising was not to
attempt to reply to all the positions taken by the
gentleman from Indiana. My purpose was merely
to reply to that portion of his remarks reflecting
upon the people of the State which I have the
honor, in part, to represent, and upon the char-
acter of General Atchison; and then to answer,
as I have thus endeavored to do, some of the
positions which he assumed in regard to the
Kansas and Nebraska bill.
In conclusion, I have this to say to the gentle-
