1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m-
valors,' approved August 4  1854." Several
petitions on the subject have been presented by
Senators and referred to the committee, and the
biii, in its provisions, is recommended by the
Department of the Interior, as also by the Com-
missioner of Public Lands. 1 therefore ask the
Senate to consider it at this time. 1 think it is a
bill to which there can be no objection.
The bill was read twice, by unanimous consent,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to give each register and receiver the
same amount of pay for each entry of land under
the act of 1854, as he is by law entitled to receive
for similar entries of land at the minimum price of
$1 95 per acre; but the whole amount received ]
annually is in no case to exceed the limitation
fixed by existing laws.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. CHASE. I should like to hear the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan explain the effect of
this bill upon the present system.
Mr. STUART. I will state, Mr. President, as
the Senator probably did not hear me before, that
the last Congress, as is known to Senators, passed
an act to reduce and graduate the price of public
!ands to actual settlers and cultivators. That
graduation runs down, in given instances, as low
as twelve-and-a-half cents per acre. The law,
fixing the compensation of receivers and registers
remains the same, and that compensation is a com-
mission of one per cent.; so that sn the given case
an officer would receive one tenth of what he now
receives upon an entvy on land at $1 25 per acre.
The Secretary of the Interior, adopting the views
been used b/'the troops,or were lost to the owner ' Ordered., That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it
in consequence of the seizure; but the whole i mee on on a^ nc!i'
amount ot compensation allowed is not to exceed
nine thousand dollars; and the justice and equity
qf tbu allowance is to be established to the satis-
faction of the auditing officer and the Secretary of
War.
The claimant, pursuing his lawful occupation,
was engaged in removing a large lot of sheep from
Red river to Moro creek, in New Mexico, where
they were met by a detachment of United States
troops, which had been detailed for that purpose
by Lieutenant C. Oxley, of the second regiment
of Missouri, mounted volunteers, who seized the
entire drove of sheep, made the herdsmen prison^ j
ers, and carried the whole into Las Vegas, where |j
the herdsmen were detained, and the sheep dis- |
persed,' or converted to the subsistence of the j
troops," (about two hundred in number.) At the j
end of eleven days the herdsmen were liberated, j
and such portions of the sheep as could be found i
were restored to them; on recounting which, it j
appeared that there had been used by the troops, i
or were dispersed and lost in consequence of the
seizure and conversion, upwards of four thousand
head. The statements of the officers show that
the seizure and capture were made in consequence
of an erroneous suspicion that the sheep were in-
tended for the supply of the enemy, then in a state
I of insurrection at Taos. But it shown that, not
I only was the suspicion wrong a"! regarded the des-
tination of the sheep, but that the owner of them
had been constantly friendly to the United States,
and particularly to Governor Brent and others,
who had been massacred at Taos
ting laws, : seizure without compensation, and the United
,herniation. ! States recognizcd this principle in the late war !; . "
ill" it, and ! with Mexico, even in those parts of the enemy s "i"   is y ei wiu im.
■ country that continued in arms after our troops ;• Mr- f ^^ •
of the Commissioner of the Land Office, recom- :l It is notaccording t) the custom of modern war-
mends that the amount of compensation under ] fare that private property should be subject to
that bill be the same.as under the existing laws, seizure without compensation, and the united
and this bill carries cut that recomm
The committee are unanimous in reporiin
I believe it is entirely correct. ; country
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third jj had possession of them. The 1 emtory of i e
reading, and was raxd a third time and passed. i Mexico was, however, peculiarly situated It
6> I had been, from the commencement of the war, an
VIRGINIA MILITARY DISTRICT. i object of the Government to gain the good will
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on il 0f the people there, and to avoid active warfare
Public Lands, to whom was referred House bill 1 against them as far as possible. This is shown
allowing the further time of two years to those |l jn the instructions and dispatches issued to Gen-
holding lands by entries in the Virginia military ■! eral Kearny, and other ofliceiswho commanded
district^in Ohio, which were made prior to the first ] there, and who weie directed to, and did, in their
of January 1852, to have the same surveyed and j
patented; reported it back without amendment,
recommended its passage, and asked for its imme- j
diate consideration. !
The Senate accordingly, as in Committee of]
the Whole, proceeded to consider the bill, and no ,
amendment being proposed, it was reported to the :
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read a third ]
time, and passed. !
LAND PATENTS. |
The PRESIDENT. The Senate bill to author- i
ize the issue of patents to land in any Stat
proclamations, assure the inhabitants of the be-
nevolent intent of our Government toward them,
and that it would respect both the persons and
property of all who should not take up arms
against the UnitedStates. It is believed that these
promises, and the consequent general submission
of the Territory to the United States, constituted
an engagement on the part of our Government to
observe strictly towards those people: the rule of
non-spoliation of private property—a rule which
is voluntarily observed in those parts of Mexico
that were occupied by the commands of Generals
Scott and Taylor.
This claim was originally presented to the Sec-
retary of War, who readily perceived and ac-
e or
Territory in certain cases, has passed the House
with an amendment. rclary      -
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-,, jcnowjeliged its justice, but could not settle it for
went. _ i want, of authority to do so, and an appropriation
The bill, as it passed the Senate, proposed to >i fortha[ /
direct that, in case of any claim to land m any :| ^ resolution was reported to the Senate
State or Territory which has heretofore been con- ' i wjt))out amendment, ordered to a third reading,
firmed by law, and in which no provision is made
by (he confirmatory statute for the issue of patents,
it should be lawful, where surveys of the lands,
have been, or may hereafter be, made, to issue ,
read a third time, and passed
XVEW ORLEANS CUSTOM-HOUSE.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sents "to claims so preferred, upon presentation , sentativca to modify or change the original plan
to the Commissioner of the General Land Offi:e ,| of the custom-house at New Orleans, was read
of plats of the survey duly approved by the sur-
veyor general of any State or Territory
twice.
Mr. SLIDELL
JOSEPH GIDEON.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I ask leave to refer the
petition and papers of Joseph Gideon to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs; and in order that I may
comply with the rules, I make this statement. A
bill for his relief passed the Senate at the last ses-
sion, went to the House, and was ordered to lie
on the table there. Now, if 1 can have the papers
referred, I want to have it done for my friend.
Can it be done, sir, under the rules! •• >
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senator state \hts
facts again ? \
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The bnl passed the
Seisate. it went to the House, and upon motion
there, was ordered to lie upon the table. It is now
upon the table in the House. I ask leave to have
it withdrawn from the files, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs here. There was a
mistake in relation to it. I want to keep within
the rule if I can.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator might in-
troduce a resolution asking the House to return
the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I make the motion that
the House be requested to withdraw from their files,
and return to the Senate, the papers in the case of
Joseph Gideon.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN SHAW.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. On examining the Calen-
dar, 1 find 011 the orders a bill which I think was
disposed of at the last session. It is a bill for the
relief of John Shaw. If my recollection serves
me right, it was disposed of. It is a small bill,
appropriating gl,000 for services in 1828.
The PRESIDENT. The Secretary reports
committee.
It is on the Calendar, and
therefore must have been reported. It was re-
l ported from the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
! is now on the Calendar. I move that the Senate
j proceed to its consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
i in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider it.
! It proposes to pay to John Shaw, of Wisconsin,
§1,000, in payment for his travel, attendance, and
service as interpreter, upon a trial of certain
Winnebago Indians, in 1828, before Hon. James
Duane Doty, at Prairie du Chien.
In 1828, n special term of the circuit court of
the United States was h'ld at Prairie du Chien,
by Hon. James Duane Doty, as the additional
judge of the Territory of Michigan, for the trile
of some Winnebago Indians for the murder of
citizens of the United States. Under orders from
the War Department, Mr. John Scott was sent a
distance of five hundred miles, to prosecute the
1 case, and otherwise represent the United States.
' He found it necessary to procure an interpreter,
j Several who could only interpret the Winnebago
i language into French, were tried and discharged;
: but as it was necessary to get an interpreter who
understood the Winnebago, French, and English
! languages, the services of Mr. Shaw were ob-
! tained." He lived then at St. Louis. During the
I trial, he performed that service satisfactorily to
the court, and the attorneys both for the United
, States and the Indians. He claims now for his
! services, and travel, and attendance, $1,000. _ The
' committee think it not unreasonable. The judge
of the court thinks his services were worth that
' amount, being the same allowed as extra compen-
sation to the attorneys. A special appropriation
ses of the trial, bijt
I hope the Senate will con- j; wag m(l(je tQ cover the expenses
Th^^m^rulment of tlio House wes to arid ntthe sider and pass that resolution at this time. 1 will I j, appears, from the official letter of the Indian
lne amendment ui uh. ..   . ' , ■ r ihnt it ^ '■1 ' .i_. _i_:    >,.  Mr
end, "if the same be found coriect by the said
commissioner."
The amendment was agreed to.
DON JUAN JESUS VIGIL.
On motion by Mr. GEYER, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution from the House of Represent-
atives, for the settlement of the claim of Don Juan
Jesus Vigil, of New Mexico. ij
It is intended to authorize the Secretary of War ■ i
to cause to be audited the claim of Don Juan Jesus
Vigil, for a flock of sheep seized from him by a
detachment of troops in the service of the United :
States, in January, 3847, and to make compensa- \
tion to him for so many of the sheep as may have „
. state, for the information of the Senate, that it , 0fy;ce) where the claims were audited, that Mr.
| passed the House at the instance of the Secretary >' gj,aw never either been paid or claimed the
] of the Treasury. The architects reported that, in i amount heretofore.
: consequence of the sinking of the foundation of i. smendment being proposed, the bill was
; the building, it would be necessary to make the reported to the Senate, and ordered to be en-
! superstructure of iron instead of marble. 1 pre- , gr0gSe^ for ^ third reading. It was read a third
i some there can be no objection to committing the I time, and passed.
matter to the discretion of the Secretary of the ] CHIPPEWA INDIANS.
Treasury. _  jj Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move that the Senate
The joint resolution was considered as in Com- |! consideration of the bill to provide
mitteeof the Whole; and, no amendment being for t|leext;ngu;shmel,t of the title of the Chippewa
proposed, it was reported to the Senate, ordered |„diaria to'iamdB owned and claimed by them in
   • t(,e Terr;tory of Minnesota and the State of Wis-
consin, and for their domestication and civiliza-
to a third reading, read a third time, and passed.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, it was
tion.
It has passed the House, and has hereto-
