5ft
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
come here in that attitude. Let me ask the gen-
tleman when any measure from the South was
ever vetoed ? when the South ever asked anything
that required the exercise of the veto power ?
Cut the gentleman said that he admired the
South, because "knowing their rights, they dared
maintain them." That 1 take as a compliment.
And now, what is his position ? Why, the South
" knmring their rights, and daring to maintain
them," he would have the North to rise up and
prevent her from getting her known and acknowl-
edged rights! If we know our rights, and they
are our rights, and we dare maintain them, why
ought not the North, why ought not the gentle-
man—I will not say the North—to grant us our
rights! Have we ever asked anything but what
was right? Now, I say, with all due respect to
the gentleman, that the true position of the South
is this: we " ask nothing but what is right, and
we submit to nothing that is wrong." That is
the position that the South has always occupied,
as I remember her history.
Now, sir, upon the subject of internal improve-
ments which the gentleman alluded to, has the
South ever asked legislative aid in that particular?
I do not speak now, sectionally, or against the
North; but look at the whole history of our Gov-
ernment. Who is it that is constantly appealing
here for legislative aid and legislative patronage?
Who ask for fishing bounties? Who ask for
protection to navigation? Why, the people of
the South, if they were permitted to use or employ
foreign vessels in their coast trade, would be
greatly benefited thereby. Gut American shipping
must be protected, and who is it that asks that
protection, not only on shipping, but almost
everything else? Who is it (hat wants a duty
upon coal? Who upon iron? Wiio upon woolen
goods ? Who upon shoes, hats, leatfier, cotton
fabrics—everything? Why, it is the industrial
interests of the North. We of the South, it is
true, sometimes grumble and complain; but the
great majority of the people of the South have
yielded to what they consider iri some instances
very heavy exactions, for the support of Govern-
ment. But when did we ever come up and ask
any aid from the Government of the United States'
The constant prayer of the South to you has been
to stay your hands. All that we ask of you is,
keep your hands out of our pockets. That is all
that the South ask, and we do not get even that.
It is true, sir, that in my own State we have asked
some little favors, but very few. Some years ago
we asked that you should take the obstructions
out of the mouth of the Savannah river—not ob-
structions that nature put there, but that were put
there during the revolutionary war, to keep out a
foreign fleet—put there, not by the citizens of the
State, but by public authority. It seems to us
nothing but right ami just that the General Gov-
ernment should remove those obstructions; but
we have asked in vain for that. The gentleman
says that the Representatives of the North come
here and pass river and harbor bills, which aie
vetoed, and the wishes of their constitnents are
thereby defeated. Well, sir, we have some rivers
in the South quite as navigable as those in In-
diana; but when did Georgia, or South Carolina,
or Virginia, or the South generally, come and ask
Congress to clear out those rivers ?
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am not goine into a
discussion of this question of internal improve-
ments, or the constitutional power. I am going
to address a plain, common-sense argument in
reply to the gentleman from Indiana, who said
that when the South asked anything she got it, or
•hat when a southern measure was vetoed, the
South thundered and thundered upon this floor,
until she got what she wanted, while northern
measures were defeated by vetoes. I repeat, that
a southern measure has never been vetoed. But
how does the gentleman stand when becomes here
and asks us, out of the public Treasury, to clean
out the rivers in his State? I will state here, in
passing, that I believe Congress has the constitu-
tional power to clean out harbors, and construct
roads when it is necessary either for the collection
of the public revenue, or for military purposes. I
did what I could last Congress to get the improve-
ment of Boston harbor, as well as of various other
harbors that I*believed to be necessary for 'he col-
lection of the revenue. I was also in favor of
removing the obstructions in the mouth of the
Mississippi river. This is sufficient to show my
general position on this subject. Now, a few
words on the material matter alluded to by the
gentleman, the improvement of western rivers.
In the State of Georgia, we have never asked
for any harbor improvements except for the re-
moval of those obstructions at the mouth of the
Savannah river, and we never got that, as I have
stated. We have never asked the General Gov-
ernment to clean out our rivers. But we have a
country of hill and valley, and we have to get to
market with our products—for we grow some
things in Georgia for market, notwithstanding
that, in the opinion of the gentleman from Indi-
ana, we are a Heaven-accursed, slavery-doomed
land—we grow some products in Georgia, I say,
for market, and how do we get them to market?
Do we come here and ask aid of the General
Government? No, sir. Why, in my State, we
have now upwards of a thousand miles of railroad
in full operation. How did we obtain it? We
took our surplus capital, and with it we bought
human labor, human energy, bone and sinew—
we bought the strong arms of our own citizens,
as well as of foreigners, to come and dig down
the hills and fill up the valleys, and lay down the
superstructure of our railroads—we bought the
iron, when we could get it, in this country, and we
went abroad for it when we could not get it here,
and notwithstanding all that, when we brought
our iron into the country, we had to pay duty upon
it to the General Government. Twenty millions
of dollars have been spent in Georgia in construct-
ing highways to our markets. That is the way
we got our thousand miles of railroad. So far
from coming here and receiving assistance from
the Government, we have actually had to pay a
tax for the privilege of bringing our iron into the
country. Georgia has paid not less than a million
and a half of dollars, as a duty on iron, into the
Treasury for the privilege of building her own
works of internal improvement. Now, 1 would
ask any candid man—1 would ask the gentleman
himself—if it is just, not only to tax Georgia for
the privilege of constructing her highways, but
then to take these very taxes that we have paid
to open rivers in Indiana ? It dees not strike me
that that is very just. I am speaking now to men
of common sense. I am not talking of what you
can constitutionally do. Is it not an unjust abuse
of power to do it, even if you have the power?
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Camprei.i.I told
us, the other day, what the "great West "would
do. I have a great respect for the great West,
; and 1 will do everything which I think right, and
proper, and just, to develop tile resources of that
j section of the country. I am willing, as I have
1 said, to open the mouth of the Mississippi, be-
! caiis"! the State of Louisiana cannot do it, and to
take the sm>gs out of that great river. i!ut when
so determine. What we insisted on in the Texas
annexation resolutions was, that the people there
might be permitted to settle this matter for them-
selves. And this is all the guarantee we secured;
| all that we then asked; all that we asked in 1850;
! all that we asked in the Nebraska bill, and what
' we will ever maintain is, that the people in every
! organ'zed community, in every Territory, when
. they come to form their own institutions, shall do
I as they please in that respect, and come into the
Union either with or without slavery, as they
wish. I say, sir, that is the southern doctrine; and
I say, also, that it is American doctrine. That is
what I mean by national doctrine.
The gentleman [Mr. Mace] said yesterday he
was a national man. National! Why, sir, he
is against his own section. Not only is he against
the South, but he is against his own people. Ac-
cording to his doctrine his ov/n people cannot be
trusted in the Territories. He must be their
guardian—a self-constituted protector. He says
that members of Congress set up to be masters of
their constituents, that they did not know what
their constituents wanted, and that they came
here last session to be their masters by voting for
Nebraska against their wishes. No, sir, it is the
gentleman himself who wants to be master. Of
whom ? Of his own fellow citizens ! He and the
men who embrace his doctrine virtually say that
when the people go from the North or South info
a Territory they become unfit to govern them-
selves. This is what the gentleman said about
masters:
"The (Toetiitie souglitto be established now is this, that
: we come up hero as Uie masters of the people, that we
; come hero not hound to consult with thom at all, and that
! wc may pas- I.hv.s which we know they will disapprove of,
and then call upon them, as loyal subjects, to acquiesce in
j out acts and cease their grumbling."
| The gentleman says that that is what we do, I
! say to thegentleman, " thou art the man." That
, is exactly what you do. Why does he offer his
i bill to abolish slavery in Kansas and Nebraska?
. because he says the people there will have it if
; we do not. Why does he then propose to pass a
[ law for them which he knows they will disap-
| prove of, and then call on them as "loyal subjects
j to acquiesce in our acts, and cease their grum-
| bling?" He says that when men go from Mas-
sachusetts, or from Indiana, or from Illinois, or
! from Ohio, or from Georgia, and get over into the
I Territories, they shall not govern themselves as
I they please, but as we please. We, the Nebraska
! men, on the contrary, treat them as freemen, as
| our equals, and let them do as they please. Who,
i then, are the masters, or would-be-masters? 1
, say, sir, it is that class of men who set themselves
: up as the only safe guardians, protectors, and law-
1 millers for men who have no choice in their efec-
[ am appealed to to clear out every little river, and tion, and to whom they are in no way responsible,
open up every little harbor, and make works of j| Oh, but thegentleman says, pass this bill, say, by
improvements throughout the country, or i.i any law, that slavery never shall go into these Tern-
section of it—I do not care which or what—barely tories, and then the people can do just as they
because thepeople of such section want it, and send l; please, just as they did in Iowa, and can form
men here to ask and vote for it, I say it is uijust
to dispose of the public money in any such way,
and 1 shall not do it. 1 ask every man now, who
looks on these questions as he should, if it is not
manifestly unjust ?
Now, the 'gentleman [Mr. Mace] says, in
speaking Gf the Missouri compromise, th.it, by the
Missouri compromise, slavery had been prohib-
ited north of 3(P 30', and that slavery was to exist
south of 3C° 30'. I wish to correct the gentle-
man. The South has never asked that slavery
should be extended by this Government any
where, south or north. The Missouri compromise
of 1820 never established such a principle—never.
The act of 1820, by which Missouri was to have
come into the Union, but never did, prohibited the
existence of slavery north of 3GO30'; but it said
nothing at all on the subject south of that line.
The South never asked such a guarantee. The
guarantee which the South has asked, and which
has been established in the passage of the Ne-
braska bill, and which the South will never yield,
was simply that thepeopleon every foot of Amer-
ican soil, north or south, east or west, shall, when
they come to form their State constitution, do as
they please upon the question of African slavery,
and shall come into the Union either with or with-
out it, as they shall then determine for themselves.
The South does not ask you that a slave State shall
be admitted from Texas, unless the people there
State constitutions against slavery, as Iowa did,
ji and come into the Union as that State did. Why,
ij sir=the gentleman's idea of liberty on the part of
|; the people to do as they please is very much like a
|| story that I heard toU by the late Justice Mc-
.; Kinley, of the Supreme Court. The incident
ji (c:urred in Lexington, Kentucky, I believe. A
ji member of Congress from that State had given
;; very much dissatisfaction to his constituents by
some vote; and they went through the form of
1' burning him in effigy. Accordingly they got up
j| n torch-light procession to march" to his house,
[ and as they were going along with a great deal of
L " noise and some confusion," some person on the
(i side-walk, not partaking of the feelings of the
jj crowd, but believing it to be an outrage rather,
J whispered this opinion to a man next to him.
Jj One of the rowdies in the procession, who over-
j; head 'li= remark, stepped up and said to him,
|| " What is that you say?" " You think that this
j! is a great outrage, do you ?" " Yes, I do," was
|j the answer. " Then, sir," replied his questioner,
. " I want to let you know that this is a free coun-
| try, and that we will do as we d—-d please, and
; you shan't say nothing !" [Laughter.] That is
I the way the gentleman [Mr. Mace] would give
| freedom to the Territories. Oh, yes, he will make
I it a free Territory. He will have his way, and
| the people there "shan't say nothing." £Ie
I would give them precisely that sort of freedom
