1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
The report in favor of the claim* which was of
great length, was then read. #
Mr. LETCHER. I believe the bill appro-
priates some $90,000.
The CHAIRMAN". About that amount.
Mr. CORWINt I will state, Mr. Caairman,
that the bill allows and appropriates to the grand-
children of Baron de Kalb the seven years'half-
pay, with interest thereon from the time that the I
claim was first presented to Congress, in 1819. j
By calculation, members will ascertain that the ;
amount provided in the bill is the true one—of i
course taking into consideration the grade which j
he sustained in the Army of the United States. I
A large quantity of land was voted the children I
of officers of his grade during the revolutionary i
war, and who died in the service. Thailand was j
located in Ohio; but from the ignorance of the j
grandchildren of Baron de Kalb of the situation j
of things in that State, it was sold for taxes, and
they did not receive a cent for it.
The committee to which this matter was re-
ferred carefully investigated it, and finally came to
the conclusion, whether equitably or not 1 am not
now prepared to say, to allow the amount embraced
in this bill, which is, I repeat, the seven years' half-
pay of the grade of Baron de Kalb, with interest
on that amount from the time (he claim was first
presented to Congress, to the present time. The
sum proposed to be appropriated may be con-
sidered a very large one, but it is no larger than
the others of the same grade obtained when they
applied for it—saving the interest, which in this
case has been accumulating for nearly sixty years.
It amounts to a large sum of money, but it ought
to be paid. The claimants, as the papers show,
are the lineal descendants. The American people
owe this debt if thf y owe no other.^
Mr. KERR. How many grandchildren are
there?
Mr. CORWIN. Two. I presume there will
be no difficulty in the passage of the bill. I am
certain that there ought to be none.'
I was anxious to press this bill on the consid-
eration of the House at the last session; but from
the confused condition of affairs here, the commit-
tee was a long time uncalled for reports, and the
bill was laid aside for other business—the wretched
Nebraska bill, and other bills. It was taken up
once, but, I believe, that when the amount of the
appropriation was discovered, it was laid aside
because of want of time for its consideration.
This is the earliest moment it could be got up for
consideration. No gentleman who has heard the
report can, I am sure, entertain a doubt that the
money ought to be paid, and promptly paid. 1
assure the committee that every substantive fact
of the report is proved by the testimony m the
case, and the history of the country.
Mr. LETCHER. It may be all true, as the
gentleman believes, that this claim is a proper
one, and one which the committee will allow on
a full examination of it. I have listened as atten-
tively as most members of this committee to the
reading of the report at the Clerk's desk, and after
listening with the utmost attention, 1 acknowledge
very frankly that there are points embraced in Jt
that i do not understand from that cursory read-
ing.
Here we have a statement of accounts for
moneys advanced to the Baron de Kalb for dis-
bursement. We have statements of balances
from other transactions; we have the seven years
half pay, and we have various other things, mak-
ing up the aggregate of the bill, that it is utterly
impossible for the members of this House to un-
derstand from a sing'e reading at that desk.
Now, sir, if the claim is right I desire that it
should be paid? but at the same time I desire to
have an opportunity to look into it more fully—
jtaore carefully than I have yet had the opportunity
x>f doing. It is known to the House that during
the present session we have had occasion to re-
peal a bill passed $t the last session. That claim,
at that time, was represented as justly and
honestly due as this claim now is, and the Ilouse
allowed it. But it afterwards turned out differ-
e itly.
It appears from the report that this claim has
been running since the year 1819. It appears,
also, that there has been at least one adverse re-
port made upon it. It does seem to me, therefore,
that under these circumstances, before we under-
take to pass it, involving as it does, a sum amount"
ing to #90,000, the members of the House should
have an opportunity to look into it, to examine it
with more care than it has been possible lor us to
do thus far. It may be that, upon that consider-
ation, we shall be satisfied that the claim is a just
one; but 1 submit that it requires far more con-
sideration than we have yet given it.
Mr. PJECKHAM. If the committee will al-
low me, and the gentleman from Virginia desires
that I should answer the objections which he has
presented, I will proceed to do so now. The com-1
mittee will recollect, perhaps, that at the last ses- !
sion this case was laid over, upon my motion. I :
desired to make n motion to amend the bill, so far
as the amount was concerned; and, therefore, 1
objected to its passage then, as reported by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin.] My hon-
orable colleague upon the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims has correctly told the committee
the principles which intluenced us in making that
report; but 1 think he has made an inaccuracy,
that he has committed an error, in carrying out
that principle; and I shall, therefore, move to
reduce the amount of the appropriation to some-
where about $70,000.
The first ground upon which the report is based
is, that the widow and children of the Baron de
Kalb, who was killed in the revolutionary war,
are entitled to seven years' half-pay. They are
entitled to this half-pay under the resolution of
Congress passed the 24th of August, 1780. If the
gentleman from Virginia, will refer to that resolu-
tion he will see that it applies to this case without
u doubt. The amount of this half-pay is $7,000,
and to this they are entitled beyond dispute.
Then another item claimed by the heirs of the
Baron de Kalb is for the back pay to which he was
entitled at the time of his death. That includes
not only the pay proper belonging to an officer of
his rank, but also the emoluments attached to
his office. This amount can be ascertained by
what was paid to Lafayette who served at the
same time, in the same grade of oflice, under the
same circumstances. They came overfrom Prance
in the same ship, and their commissions bore the
same date. Lafayette received $6,000 a year, in
addition to what was subsequently given him by
Congress. Computing by the same rate the
amount of back pay due the Baron de Kalb at
the time of his death, is $18,000.
Now, these two sums, rejecting all others, form
thebo^is of this report, end the principles by which
the committee were guided in recommending the
passage of the bill. If what I have stated be true,
then the only question that remains for us to con-
sider is, have these accounts been paid? Tint
they have never been paid, is proved by the certif-
icates of the Third Audiior, and the Register of
the Treasury. In fac', there seems to be no doubt
that they have never been paid. If they have,
there is no record of the fact. The reason why
the back pay duelns ne\erbcen settled is, that at
the time of the death of the Baron, there was
standing upon the books of the Treasury against
him, some ^224,000. He had received that amount
of money to tlisbnise for the subsistence of the
Army. At the time of his death, his vouchers,
with all his clothing and papers, fell into the hands
of the enemy, and for that reason his heirs have
never been able to account forthe proper disburse-
ment of the money, and it continued on the books
of the Department against him. Jtwas, however,
finally expressly ordered by Congress that he
should be ciedited with the whole amount, upon
the presumption,upon theonly reasonable,honest
presumption, that, being an honorable man, he
did properly disburse the money he had received
in a fiduciary character. The books of the De-
partment show precisely the amount of money
which he did receive on account of his pay—some
$3,000 I think, in all. The items are all given, and
there is no difficulty in ascertaining the amount
paid, and the amount due him at the time of hta
death. After making the deductions, the amount
due for back pay, &c., is a little less than $15,000.
This, with the seven ycar.^' half-pay due to his
widow and children of $7,000, is all that is asked
at the hands of Congress, together with interest.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have no desire to make
any appeal to this House for anything byfc justice
to the heirs of the Baron deKalb. They have been
appealing from time to time to the justice of Con-
gress. In 1821 or 1822 an adverse report was
paade upon this claim, ontheground thatthe§evven
years' half-pay was not due, because the Baron
was a foreigner. But it is evident from the facts
of the case that the position taken in that report
was erroneous. The resolution upon which it
was based applied only to officers who served until
the close of the war, while the half-pay claimed
by the heirs of the Baron de Kalb was founded
upon the fact of his death while in the service, in
which case his widow and children are clearly
entitled to it. Taking those two sums together,
and adding interest from the time when the claim
was presented and properly authenticated, it
amounts to about $72,000. That, it seems to me,
in justicc and equity, ought to be paid.
An objection is made that interest should not be
allowed; but I submit that in honSsty, justice, and
fairness, it ought to be allowed. It has not been
the default of these heirs, or the default of the de-
ceased Baron de Kalb, that this claim has not
been satisfied before. The claim arose in 1780,
and from that time to this it has been at different
times urged upon the attention and justice of Con-
gress. It was not continued from 1784 up to
1819, because of the death of the widow, and sub-
sequently because of the disturbances in France*
during which one of the sons perished on the scaf-
fold, and another was killed in some other way.
Cut from 1819 up to this time it has been con-
tinued. Petition after petition has been presented
to Congress, sometimes by the President, and
sometimes through the agency of the French em-
bassador. It has again and again been reported
upon favorably. The last report, in 18.r)0,wasfor
$25,000, without regard to interest; but it seems
to me, that as a matter of simple justice, interest
should be allowed from the time when the claim
was fully verified and demanded. It was through
a mistake on the part of the committee, in my
judgment, that the case was ever reported on ad-
versely; because the committee did not rightly
interpret the joint resolution of Congress.
Now, sir, if interest is allowed in such a case
between private individuals, why should it not be
allowed in this case? What is the objection to
allowing it in the case of the Government? In the
first place, it is said that the Government is always
presumed to be ready to pay its debts. That ia
the presumption of law.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to ask the
gentleman a question. I am not at all acquainted
with tlfts claim, but I understood from his re-
marks that the Baron had received §200,000 for
disbursement, from the liability for which he was
afterwards discharged by an act of Congress. Is
there anything in the papers going to show
whether or not he did not retain, out of that large
sum of money, something on account of his pay ?
Mr. PECKHAM, Certainly he did not. The
act of Congress was simply that that amount of
money should be allowed to his credit in the set-
tlement of his accounts. Not one shilling of the
money was applied to his own private claim.
| That the papers show.
1 I was about to add another remark, when I
j was interrupted by the gentleman from Virginia.
; As I before stated, in reference to the interest
' question, it is universally admitted, that in tho
j case of a private individual, interest should be
I allowed from the time when the claim is presented
and properly authenticated. I have already stated
the reasons why it is not allowed in the case of
the Government. It is upon the presumption that
the Government is always ready to pay its debts.
That presumption happens to be rebutted in this
case. The claim was presented and properly
authenticated long ago, and has been continually
pressed before Congress, and yet it has not been
allowed. It has been continued ever since 1819.
Now, it seems to me, its justice is apparent; and
is there any reason, or justice, or equity, in saying-
that this claim, if it was just at that time, shall not
bear interest? It seems to me there is none. By
whose neglect or default has this claim remained:
unsettled ? By the neglect of Congress alone.
Will this Government take advantage of its own
neglect and make a profit of its own default or
refusal to pay its debts? I hope not. General
Lafayette was allowed $200,000 by Congress, in
addition to $24,000 pay, and was besides granted;
some thirty-six thousand acres of land. The
heirs of Baron de Kalb are allowed no claim of
that sort. They have received certificates for
land, from which, through ignorance, or in con-
sequence of their residence abuoad* they have
