62
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
never realized one dollar. The land has all been
sold for taxes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Where do they live?
Mr. PECKHAM. In France.
Mr. SOLLERS. And they are very poor.
Mr. PECKHAM. They have become very
much reduced in circumstances, and are now
living in very great penury. I really hope, with-
out making any. appeal to the feelings of the
House, or to its sympathy, that this Congress will
do itself the justice to pass this claim. 1 move to
reduce the amountcontained in the bill to ^72,070,
Mr. LETCHER. I think the speech of the
gentleman from New York must have satisfied
the House, or ought to have satisfied the House,
that we had better look into this matter before we
undertake to pass the bill. This bill, as it comes
from the committee, proposes to appropriate
§90,513 16. The gentleman from New York
has satisfied himself, if he has not satisfied the
House, that there is really but $72,000 due.
Now, sir, if the committee have come to the con-
clusion that §90,500 is due, and the gentleman
from New York, who has made a careful exam-
ination of the matter, has arrived at the conclu-
sion that only $72,000 is due, does it not become
us, before we undertake to vote either of those
sums, to ascertain which is the real sum, in order
that that real sum may be granted to the party
entitled to it.
Now, let us see how this sum is made up ? The
first item in the account is $2,433 61, which is
far monthly pay adjusted at the Treasury in 1784,
and then left due: then comes seven years' halt-
pay, say &7,000; then pay and emoluments for
three years and twenty days, say $18,000;
making an aggregate of $27,433 61, and upon
those three sums comes this amount of interest,
which runs the claim up to £90,513. Now, I ask if,
under these circumstances, with a claim like this,
the House will depart from the rule which has
been recognized here in almost every instance,
(not to allow interest on claims,) by allowing
this claim with interest more than double the
amount of the claim itself.
If the principle is right in this case, why is it
not right m regard to ail the other private claims
that come up for consideration in this body ? Why
ia it that if A B, here at home, amongst ourselves,
presents his claim to Congress and urges it, session
after session, and that claim is not acted upon for
years—why i3 it, 1 ask, that he is not allowed
interest? And why is it that the gentleman from
New York has not taken it upon himself to do
justice to such claimants as those, when their
claims have been under consideration here?
_ But, sir, in this case, for the first time, this prin-
ciple of allowing inteiest is to be ingrafted on our
legislation as a permanent principle. This is to
be held up hereafter as a precedent. All theother
claims that are awaiting the consideration of this
committee are to be made to carry interest, and
the result will be that when you come to pay the
claims, you will not only have to pay them, but
probably three to five times the amount of the
claims themselves, in the shape of interest. Now,
sir, I say that before that principle shall be es-
tablished we should look into this matter carefully,
particularly as the gentlemen of the committee
cannot themselves agree in a mere matter of calcu-
lation—a mere matter of dollars and cents—a mere
matter of calculation of interest on a given sum.
Is it not, therefore, altogether important that time
should be given to gentlemen to look into this
matter, and that we should have the privilege of
seeing whether this gentleman from New York is
right, or that ge-itleman from Ohio is right?
Mr. PECKHAM. I ask leave to correct the
statement of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. LETCHER. Certainly.
Mr. PECKHAM. There was no difference in
the calculation of interest by the committee. As
to that, the committee agreed unanimously. But
the gentleman who made this report committed a
mistake in not crediting the Government with the
amount paid. It was, therefore, a difference, not
of interest, but of the amount due. The gentle-
man allowed an amount greater than the sum
which appears by ths papers to be due. j
Mr. KERR.. When was the amount that you !
speak of paid ? I
Mr. PECKHAM. It was before the battle of i
Camden, where De Kalb was killed—before he |
went to the South to take command of the troops. I
Mr. LETCHER. Then, if the committee made
I a mistake in ascertaining the amount due, so much
I the worse. If, with the papers before them from
the Treasury Department, the committee made a
mistake which makes a difference of some §18,000,
tne case is so much the worse for that committee,
and demands at the hands of the House more
careful scrutiny.
Mr. CORWIN. I will state, Mr. Chairman,
that there is no difference of opinion in the minds
of the committee upon the equity and good con-
science of this case. In drawing the report—as
I did draw it—I took into consideration the seven
year's half-pay, not deducting from that sum the
different sums of money which Baron de Kalb
had received from our agents in France and else-
where before his death. Take these sums, with
the interest on them, and it makes the precise
difference in question. There is no error about
it. There is no error about the calculation of in-
terest; and the amendment is offered so that
the House may determine, at this time, whether
these deductions are to be made, or whether it
will give to the heirs of Baron de ICalb the seven
year's half-pay, exclusive of deductions, bypass-
ing the bill for $90,513 61, or whether the House
will adopt the amendment of the gentleman from
Now York, [Mr. Peckham.] I do not care which
course the House may take. I think the bill
should be for §90,513 61, but if the House think
otherwise, then let it be passed for ^72,070. But
I have no doubt that it ought to be passed for the
former sum.
Mr. LETCHER. And the result of the ex-
planation is that, upon the principle of equity and
good conscience, the gentleman over the way [Mr.
Corwin] thinks that the sum ought to be
$90,513 61; and, on the principle of right, the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Peckham]
thinks that it ought to be $72,070 !
I hope the same rule will be adopted in respect
to this as to nil other matters. If the claim cannot
be postponed for the purpose of investigation, then
I shall move to fill up the amount in this bill with
the sum of $27,433 61, the principal sum, without
interest, instead of the sum now contained in it;
and I submit that motion.
Mr. KERR. I think that if ever there was a
claim which ought to be by this time fully inves-
tigated and clearly explained on this floor, the
claim we areat present considering is of that char-
acter. The committee, with commendable dili-
gence, as I conceive, have devoted considerable
labor to the investigation and ascertainment of the
facts of the case. Patticularly, the member of
the committee in whose charge the matter was
placed has, I think, with very great care collected
every fact that could throw any light on the sub-
ject, and has arrayed these facts in lucid order,
so that we are now as familiar with everything
pertaining to the history of the services of Baron
de Kalb, and of the claim which his heirs-at-law
have against the United States as wecould be were
we to wait here for six months in continual in-
vestigation of the matter.
But my friend over the way, [Mr. Letcher,]
to whom I always listen with great respect, has
suggested, that because thereisadifferenceof opin-
ion in the committee with reference to the amount
due, we should, therefore, delay yet loneer, and
continue the examination of the claim. Now, the
committee, it is true, did differ with reference to
the amount; but that difference, as I understand,
was merely the consequence of a mistake as to the
amount due, and that has been rectified.
Mr. LETCHER. It was not a mere mistake.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Peckham]
thinks that the amount should be $72,070, while
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Corwin] thinks it
ought to_be $90,513 61.
Mr. KERR. If, however, the gentlemen who
had the matter in charge made a mistake, the chair-
man of the committee detected it before we are
called upon to act in regard to it, and relieved the
House from all possibility of being involved in
the error.
Mr. LETCHER. If my friend from North
Carolina [Mr. Kerr] will allow me to interrupt
him, I would say that lie will find besides that
the interest is calculated at seven per cent., instead
of at six.
Mr. KERR. That, I suppose, results from the
fact that seven per cent, is the legal rate of interest
in New York; and I presume my friend from New
York [Mr. Peckham] was inadvertently involved
in the error from that fact. But this is a small
matter—so small that if it has not already been
corrected, it can be corrected in a moment.
Mr. PECKHAM. Yes; I calculated the in-
terest at the rate of seven per cent., and so in-
formed the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. KERR. At all events, such an error is a
matter of no consequence. But I understand the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] to object
to allowing any interest at all on the claim. Really,
this is the only point which, it seems to me,admits
of any hesitation. I know that the habit of some
gentlemen in this House is to object to appropria-
tions on all occasions. I know that it is the habit
of some gentlemen here to insist that there is one
rule of moral conduct for a Government, and
another rule for a gentleman of honor. For my
part, I do not see the difference between the prin-
ciples which should govern a Government and
those which should govern a gentleman. If, under
the circumstances of this case, it were dishonor-
able for a gentleman to refuse to pay interest, it is
dishonorable for a Government to refuse it. And,
sir, if a gentleman would lose caste—if he would
suffer injury in his reputation—by withholding the
payment of a just debt, a Government should no
less suffer in the estimation of the world from the
same cause. There is no reason, sir, why this
Government should withhold interest on a claim so
justly due to the heirs of one who has a claim upon
our gratitude, second only to that of " the Father
of his Country." Why should we make an invid-
ious discrimination between the gallant De Kalb
and the Marquis de Lafayette? The latter illus-
trious individual has been not only rewarded, but
j most munificently rewarded for his services and
■ sacrifices for us in our revolutionay struggle. He
j spilt his blood only for us; De Kalb both bled and
died in the same glorious cause.
I cannot see any ground, therefore, why the
Government should not dispense the same meas-
ure of justice to the one as to the other. If any
distinction is to be made, it ought to be in favor
of the unfortunate Baron de Kalb. He lost his
life in fighting the battles of liberty, and left his
family in dependence and want. They have been
ever since living in penury on account of the
devotion of his life to the service of our country
; —in defense of liberty. And now, sir, when the
claim is made out and presented, it is urged, in an
American Congress, that we should quibbleabout
| interest, and withhold from the claimants a just
I debt which should have been paid half a century
j ag°-
I I do hope that the House of Representatives,
! composed of those who are descended from the
1 men who fought with DeKalb; from those who
i struggled to establish the liberties we enjoy; from
I those who, by the wisdom of their counsels in
I forming our Government, have made this coun-
i try one of the greatest and wealthiest nations of
; the world—I say, I do hope, that the Repre-
: sentatives of the descendants of such men will
| not hesitate any longer in passing this bill for the
; amount indicated by the gentleman from Nev/
"Vork, [Mr, Peckiiam.] For my own part, I have
no hesitation in saying, that I would vote for the
ninety odd thousand dollars reported by the com-
mittee. If not due as a debt, 1 will vote for it as
a bounty. The heirs of Baron de Kalb are clearly
entitled to it. He never received the pay that was
due to him. And this sum would not be half the
j amount of bounty given to Lafayette and others,
; who, like him, left their own country and penied
I their fortunes and lives to win and establish our
; liberties.
; Mr. MAY. With the honorable gentleman
| from North Carolina, [Mr. Kerr,] I, too, can
J say, Mr. Chairman, that I never expect to have
I the fortune to vote here for a claim of equal merit
, with this; and, therefore, not only out of my dis-
i positioli to do justice, and that springing from
my heart after a sufficient examination of the facts
of the case, do I feel perfectly justified in giving
my support to this claim. But I am here, with
my colleagues, requested by our State to support
it. Over and over again has Maryland—acknowl-
edging,! may say, the transcendent merits of this
claim—instructed her Representatives here, and
in the other branch of Congress, to come up and
give it their most devoted support:
" ft being representee! to this Gpneial Assembly tiiat the
representatives of the Baron de Kalb. a major general in
