m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
our cause—between a foreigner who fell upon one
of our battle-grounds covered with wounds—and
another who offered his life upon a hundred fields,
and was saved only by the will of God.
The gentleman'from New York [Mr. Simmons]
protested against strangling the minority. For
months, I understand, this report has been upon
your tables, and he has not yet had time to read
it. If you pass this case over to-day, when will
he read it? Has it not been read from the Clerk's
desk ? When is the member to read itOne
would infer, from the tenor of his remarks, that
when a bill is brought before the House, that we
must stand silent, and suspend its business until
Know-Nothingism is converted into Know-Some-
thingism. I am satisfied with the explanations
■which have been given by the gentlemen who are
members of the committee that reported the bill.
I am satisfied with the explanations given by
my honorable friend from North Carolina, [Mr.
Kerr,] and with those of my honorable friend
from Maryland, [Mr. Mat,] and I support the
bill upon their representations. I believe that the
amount named by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Peckham] is due to the heirs of this indi-
vidual; and I will not, with the member from
New York, [Mr. Simmons,] in the language of
my friend from Maryland, [Mr. May,] drive a
hard bargain, and demand the pound of flesh.
Mr; SIMMONS. Did I understand the gen-
tleman from South Carolina to say, or intimate,
that I was in favor of political Know-Nothingism ?
Mr. KEITT. I did not say any such thing.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will simply inform the
gentleman that I am opposed to all that sort of
stuff. [Laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. I would like to know of my
friend from South Carolina one thing. He says
that this report has been here for eleven months.
Above all other things, I would like to know
whether my friend from South Carolina ever saw
or read the report in this case before to-day?
Mr. KEITT. I will answer that question in
this way. The report was submitted last Feb-
ruary, and it has been upon our tables since
then. It was read at the Clerk's desk. If I did
not read it, it was my fault, if ] did not hear it
read, it was my fault; and 1 shall not come here
and ask the members of this House who may
have done their duty, to suspend the public busi-
ness of the country, because I had not done mine.
[Cries of " Good!" " Good !"]
Mr. LETCHER. My friend has not read the
report in this case, and he has not heard it read;
and yet, by a sort of intuitive power that I do not
possess, he has come to the conclusion, without
any knowledge upon the subject at all, that this
$90,000 ought to be paid.
Mr. KEITT. It is only $G6,000.
Mr. LETCHER. When 1 commenced this
controversy here to-day, the amount claimed was
§90,513, but I reduced it to £60,000 by correcting
the figures of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Peckham.] My friend ought to be obliged
to me for that reduction.
Mr. PECKHAM. By changing the mode of
calculation.
Mr. LETCHER. Changing the mode of calcu-
lation ! The gentleman first calculated the amount
at seven per centum, and then calculated it at
six per centum; but 1 take it that this dilfeience
of one per centum will not make the amount of
$22,000. It may be made out by arithmetic in
Albany, but certainly not in Virginia. All I have
asked in this matter \yas, (and I think there is
reason in it,) that this matter should not be pressed
to a vote to-day, especially when the fact is con-
sidered by the House that there are not ten men
upon this floor who have read' the report m this
case. If there are let them rise in their places,
and say that they have either read or seen it.
Now, in this state of the case, gentlemen stand-
ing here in total ignorance of this matter get up
and proclaim to this House that nobody should
be heard, and when any person rises, his ears
are assailed by cries of " question !" " question!"
from those whose ignorance is most extraordinary
in regard to this case. I came here to vote un-
derstandingly about these matters.
I give,perhaps,—as I think will beadmitted by
the House generally,—as close attention to these
reports aa any member upon this floor, but yet,
so far as I am concerned, I have not had time to
read the report in this particular case. When I
appealed to gentlemen who are in the same con-
dition to give us time to read it, and the opportu-
nity to do so, in order that our votes might be
pl,aced upon the proper ground, the reply was, no.
When my colleague [Mr. Millson] asked for
further time to consider this matter, what was the
result? A deliberate purpose to force a bill—about
which no one knows anything—down the throats
of the members of this House, without an oppor-
tunity for examination. Let this thing go to the
country. Let gentlemen's constituents understand
it. Let them say whether they approve the con-
duct of their Representatives, in voting away the
public money, without knowledge of the facts
stated in the reports presented to this House.
That is all 1 ask.
1 hope now the committee will rise; and I think
interest enough has been excited in the case by
the discussion to-day, to induce gentlemen to look
into it, and between this and next Friday inform
themselves in regard to its merits.
Mr. MAY. I wish to make one remark in
reply to the gentleman from Virginia. I recollect
very well that once when this case was called
up it was, upon an explanation made by the
honorable gentleman from New York, [Mr. Peck-
ham,] postponed and laid aside, m order that the
correctness of the figures might be tested—some
of the gentlemen of the committee, and others
who had taken an interest in the matter, not being
quite satisfied that the figures were right. I re-
member 1 protested, to the gentleman from New
York, against the injustice of such delay, and
said it was the duty of gentlemen of the House,
who wished the delay to consider matters of such
importance, to have investigated it before. It
seems to me, with all respect to the gentleman
from Virginia, that the ft lends of this bill have
been patient enough in its slow progress, and
i especially when we know that the claim is sixty
! years old.
Mr. LETCHER. If my friend from Mary-
I land will produce ten men in this House who
have read the report in the case, 1 will say not
another word.
Mr. KEITT. Suppose they have never read
it?
Mr. LETCHER. Suppose they never will
read it? And suppose the gentleman should go
home to his constituents, and should be asked
how it happened that he had voted for this appro-
priation of §90,000, and he should say that he
had never read the report—
Mr. ICEITT. That is my business.
Mr. LETCHER. And not only that,but that
he never knew anybody that had read it, what
think you would be their opinion of Congress?
Mr. PECKHAM. I have no desire to detract,
in any degree, from the credit to which the gen-
tleman is entitled; but precisely the same position
which I take m legard to this bill, I took when
this same bill came up before. It was then post-
poned, upon a motion made by myself, for the
purpose of enabling me to amend it.
Mr. SIMMONS. Can the gentleman inform
me who is the agent of these heirs, and who are
now presenting this claim ?
Mr. PECKHAM. I will answer the gentlemn's
remark by saying that the committee at the time
they made the report, had s&en no agent whatever,
of any kind or description. I have since learned
that a gentleman in this city, a highly respectable
individual, has something to do in relation to it.
Mr. SIMMONS. Has this agent any interest
in this money or not?
Mr. MAY. I can answer the gentleman. The
facts are as stated by the gentleman from New
Yoik. The committee considered the claim with-
out the facts being presented to them otherwise
than as it had been presented over and over again
| by the President of the United States in his mes-
I sages, and by the French Minister resident in this
| city. But it so happens that a gentleman of this
: city, well known to me, and of highly respectable
character, became acquainted with the heirs of the
Baron de Ka'.b, in France, while he was acting as
Secretary to his uncle, at Paris. In that capacity,
and by accident, he became acquainted with those
persons, and not at all seeking to secure the char-
acter of a claim agent, in regard to this claim.
But, accidentally becoming acquainted with them
m this way, he promised to attend to the claim,
and to act as agent for them. I do not know what
he has done, but he has presented a good many
considerations to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Peckham,] and I think that one reason why
this mistake was made by the committee, and
rectified by the committee, was because this gen-
tleman, who had the claim in charge, in the man-
ner of which I have spoken, was too modest to
come before Congress, and the committee, and
present the case fully to them.
Now, I have inquired of others in reference to
the relation of those who are entitled to this claim.
These heirs are the blood of Baron de ICalb, his
own grandchildren, and great grandchildren; and
no human being, as far as 1 know, or believe, haa
an assignment of one dollar of this claim. But 1
dare say that this gentleman who represents this
claim will be entitled to some share of it for his
services, but that will be an insignificant amount.
Mr. BOYCE. Mr. Chairman, I beg leave to
m ke a few remarks upon this occasion. I rep-
resent the district of Kershaw, upon the soil of
which the battle took place in which De Kalb
lost his life. 1 feel that I would be doing injustice
to the generous sentiments of this portion of my
constituents, if I were to remain silent at this
time. After the very full report of the committee,
and the expositions made by gentlemen who have
addressed the House upon the subject, it would
be a useless consumption of time for me to go
into an elaborate investigation of the case. I can-
not, however, refrain from alluding to one objec-
tion which has been urged against the bill. It is
said De Kalb was not a citizen of the United
States, and had not given notice of his intention
to become a citizen. But I do not think thisobjec-
tion well taken. ISefore he had time to do so, he
fell in a desperate contest, at the head of your
army, fighting for your liberty. It was a notice
which he sealed with his blood, and which he
illustrated with his glory. Cold must be the heart
which does not receive this notice.
If this be a meritorious claim in itself, surely
it could not ha?e stronger recommendations than
spontaneously force themselves upon us at the
name of De Kalb, and the memory of his services.
The events of the disastrous battle in which he
fell are familiar to us all. The American army
were encamped near Rugely's Mills, some ten or
fifteen miles north of Camden, where the British
army lay, under the command of Lord Corn-
wallis. General Gates, flushed with his victory
over Burgoyne, determined to surprise Cornwallis,
and he accordingly made a night march towards
Camden for that purpose. By a very singular
coincidence, Cornwallis had the same purpose, and
made the same movement towards Gates. The
result was, that the two armies met unexpectedly,
some seven miles above Camden, before day-
break. A mutual pause took place, until there
was light enough to see by. At daylight the
British army advanced at the charge step, with
fixed bayonets. Unfortunately, at this moment
the American militia, who were in the front rank,
were endeavoring to change position, in pur-
suance of an order from General Gates. The
advance of the British at this juncture discon-
certed these raw troops; they became disordered;
a panic seized upon them; they threw down
their arms, and fled ingloriously from the field;
and General Gates fled after them, as he said, to
rally the fugitives. De Kalb commanded the
second rank, the Continentals. What did he do ?
Did he follow the example of his commanding
general? No; he remained firm; he disdained to
fly; he remained to die. He closed up the ranks
of the Continentals; he refused to surrender; he
fought with desperation; he held for some time
the fate of the day in suspense, and at last, over-
whelmed by superior numbers, though he could
not conquer fortune, he sustained our honor, and
learned brave men how to die for their country.
He fell in the midst of the enemy, pierced with
numerous wounds, and fighting to the last. If
the American Army had been actuated by his
resolve, instead of a day of terrible disaster, it
would have been a resplendent victory.
When General Lafayette was in Camden, on
his last visit to the United States, the citizens of
that town, with a peculiar propriety, removed the
remains of De Kalb from the battle-field where they
rested, and buried them with signal respect, in a
beautiful spot in the very heart of Camden, and
they erected over these glorious remains a chaste
monument, an evidence of their gratitude and their
patriotism, I could not be insensible to a claim
