1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
presented by the descendants of De Kalb without
jarring upon their sensibilities. Indeed it would
seem to me, if I did, I would hear a voice from
the grave, crying shame, shame, shame.
The question was then taken on Mr. Letcher's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
The question next recurring on the amendment
offered by Mr. Peckham, to reduce the amount
to $66,099,70; it was put, and decided in the affirm-
ative; and then, on motion of Mr. Kerr, the bill
was ordered to be laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. GROW. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that a
Committee of the Whole House had had the Pri-
vate Calendar generally under consideration, and
the action had upon particular bills.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. EDGERTON. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and Mr. Letch-
er's motion was agreed to.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move that the House
<Jo now adjourn.
Mr. PECKHAM. Is it in order to move to take
up the bill for the relief of the heirs of Baron
deKalb?
The SPEAKER. Not while a motion is pend-
ing for the adjournment of the House. «
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I withdraw the motion
for adjournment.
BARON DE KALB AGAIN.
Mr. PECKHAM. 1 now move that the bill
reported by a Committee of the Whole House
for the relief of the heirs of Baron de Kalb, be
taken up for action.
The SPEAKER. The bills reported from a
Committee of the Whole House will come up in
order, as the business before the body, if it does
not adjourn. No motion is therefore neces-
sary.
Mr. PECKHAM. I ask that all the bills be
passed over before the one for the relief of the
heirs of Baron de Kalb, so that it may be taken
up and acted on. I do itfor the purpose of saving
time. If we do not act on the bill now, when it
again comes up, there will most certainly arise a
very protracted debate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
will call the previous question on the bills just
reported from a Committee of the Whole, and
have the main question ordered to be now put,
they will come up and be acted on without debate.
Mr. PECKHAM. Then I shall do that.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The previous question can
be ordered on all the bills only by unanimous
consent.
Mr. EDGERTON. I object.
FEUDtNAND CLARK.
Mr. PECKHAM. I call for the previous
question on the bill for the relief of Ferdinand
Clark.
The call for the previous question received a
second; and the main question was ordered to
be now put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was read a
third time, and passed.
ADOLPHUS MIER & CO.
Mr. PECKHAM. I call for the previous
question on the bill for the relief of Adolphus
Meir & Co., of St. Louis.
The call for the previous question received a
second, and the main question was ordered to be
now put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was read a
third time, and passed.
WILSON AND BROTHERS.
Mr. PECKHAM. I call for the previous
question on the bill for the relief of Wilson &
Brothers, of St. Louis, in the State of Missouri.
The call for the previous question received a
second; and the main question was ordered to be
now put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was read a
third time, and passed.
THOMAS S. J. JOHNSON.
As recommended by the Committee of the
Whole House, the bill for the relief of Thomas
S. J. Johnson, of the Territory of New Mexico,
was recommitted to the Committee of Claims.
CHARLES A. KELLETT.
The question was then taken on the passage of
the bill for the relief of Charles A. Kellett. and in
concurrence with the recommendation of a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, it was rejected.
BARON DE KALB.
Mr. PECKHAM. I now call for the previous
question on the bill just reported from a Committee
of the Whole House, with the recommendation
that it do pass. I refer to the bill for the relief of
the children and heirs of Major General Baron
de Kalb.
The call for the previous'question received a
second, and the main question was ordered to be
now put.
The Clerk read the amendments of the com-
mittee, as follows:
For tile word*, " ninety thousand five hundred and thir-
teen dollar* and sixty-onocents, Uiatsum bcinf* the amount
now due, including interest from the year 1819, at winch
time lins demand was presented for payment, our ot'any
money in tile Treasury not otherwise appropriated,1' sub-
stitute the following :
Sixty-six thousand ninety-nine dollars and seventy-sis
cents tor lite claims, seivices, and sacuficcs of llie lato
Karon de Kalb in the war of the Involution, out of any
money in tin: Trea-,ury not otherwise appropriated.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was read a
third time.
Mr. PECKHAM. 1 call for the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The call for the previous question received a
second, and the main question was ordered to be
now put.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays
onthe passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. PECKHAM. I move that the vote by
which the bill was passed be reconsidered, and
that that motion be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Thereupon the House (at four o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned until Monday next at twelve, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 18, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal ofThursday was read and approved.
The Hon. Thomas J. Rusk, of the State of
Texas, and the Hon. Stephen A. Dooglas, of
the State of Illinois, appeared in their seats to-day.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the credentials of
the Hon. Robert W. Johnson, chosen by the
Legislature of Arkansas, a Senator from that State
for the unexpired term of the Hon. Solon Bor-
land, resigned. The seat was occupied by Mr.
Johnson at the last session, under an appointment
from the Governor of Arkansas.
The credentials were read, and the oath pre-
scribed by law having been administered to him,
Mr. Johnson took his seat in the Senate.
Mr. SEBASTIAN also presented the creden-
tials of Mr. Johnson as Senator from Arkansas
for six years from the 4th of March next; which
were read.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. FOOT presented documents in support of
the claim of Mary Felch, widow of Cheever
Felch, to bounty land for the services of her hus-
band during the last war with Great Britain; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of the
American Peace Society, supplemental to a me-
morial of last year, praying that measures may be
taken to secure, by treaty stipulation, the reference
of all future international difficulties which cannot
be settled by negotiation, to arbitration; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of Nancy
Weatherford, widow of Colonel Weatherford, of
the first regiment of Illinois volunteers in the
war with Mexico, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of Emily
L. Slaughter, widow of the late Commander
Slaughter, of the Umted'States Navy, praying to
be allowed a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Josiah S. Little, of Portland, Maine, praying to
be remunerated for land of which he was deprived
by the treaty of Washington; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a -peti-
tion of the register of the land office and receiver
of public moneys at Stevens's Point, Wisconsin,
praying to be allowed the same percentumonthe
sales of the public lands as was allowed previous
to the act of August 4, 1854; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. EVANS presented the petition of Robert
Mills, praying an examination of his plan for sup-
plying the city of Washington with water; which
was referred to the Committee on the Distiict of
Columbia.
Mr. BROWS presented the petition of John
H. Horne, praying that money illegally required
from hiiri by the Government, in payment for
land, may be refunded with interest; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian A flairs.
Mr. STUART presented the petition of B. F.
II. Wetherall, legal representative of James
Wetherall, deceased, late a judge of the Territory
of Michigan, praying compensation for adjusting
titles to land in said Territory; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted additional docu-
ments in regaul to the claim of William Field;
which were referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of the register
of the land office and of the receiver of public
moneys at Yincennes, Indiana, praying to be
allowed the same per centum on the sales of the
public lands as was allowed previous to the act of
August 4, 1854; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. DIXON presented additional documents in
support of the claim of the legal representatives
of Isaac Shelby; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. CASS, 1 present, the petition of John
T. Sprague, of tlie United States Army, praying
that Margaret S. Worth, the widow of General
I Worth, may be allowed the pension her husband
was entitled to for a disability incurred in the last
war with Great Britain. I am sure the character
and distinguished services of General Worth will
attract the attention of my friend, the chairman
of the Committee on Pensions, [Mr. Jones, of
Iowa,] to which committee I move the reference
of the petition.
It was so referred.
REPORT RECOMMITTED.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, it was
Ordered, That the report of llie Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, on the memorial of the heirs-at law of
John Morgan, be recommitted to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill for the increase and
better organization of the Army, and for other
purposes; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. He gave notice that lie should endeavor
to get the bill up at the earliest opportunity.
Mr. JONEfS, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives for the relief of Sidney
P. Pool, of the State of Maine, reported it back
without amendment.
