68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
He also, from the same committee, to whom
■was referred the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives for the relief of Mary Rutherford .widow
of Samuel Rutherford, reported it back without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill for the relief of Catharine B.
Arnold, reported it back without amendment, and
submitted a report thereon; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Mary Felch,
asked to be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands; which was agreed to.
president's message.
On motion by Mr. MA-SON, it was
Ordered, That so m'uch of the President's message, at the
commencement of the session, as relates to the foreign
relations of the country, be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, it
was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message as re-
lates to the commercial affairs of the country, and the loss
of life from shipwrecks, be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it waa *
Ordered, That so much of the President's message as
relates to the finances of the country be referred to the
Committee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message as
relates to the public lands be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. CLAY gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill amendatory of, and sup-
plementary to, an act approved August 4, 1S54,
entitled " An act to graduate and reduce the price
of the public lands to actual settlers and cultiva-
tors."
Mr. FOOT gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill making an appropriation
for the completion of the breakwater in the Day
of Burlington, in Lake Champlain.
bills introduced.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, asked and obtained the
unanimous consent of the Senate to introduce a
bill for the relief of the heira of Colonel William
Grayson; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and, together with sundry documents
relating thereto,on the filesof the Senate,referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. STUART asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a joint
resolution for the relief of the Secretary of the
Territory of Minnesota; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Territories.
search for dr. kane.
Mr. BRODHEAD submitted the following res-
olution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Navat Affairs be in
Btructed to inquire into the expcdicney of sending a steanieF
and tender to the Arctic seas for the purpose of rescuing
ornffordmg relief to Passed Assistant Surgeon E. I£. Kane,
of the United States Navy, and the officers and men under
bis command.
PRINTING A REPORT.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That two thousand copies of the last annua!
report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, with the ac-
companying documents, be printed and bound for tile use of
the .Senate.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Resah ed, That two hundred additional enpips of the Pres-
ident's message, and accompanying documents, be printed
for the use ol each of the Secret an os ot State, Treasury,
War, Navy, and Interior Departments, the Attorney Gen-
eral, and Postmaster General.
message from the house.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that they had agreed to the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill of the House for
the relief of Thomas Ellis; that they had passed
the bill of the Senate supplemental to an act therein
mentioned; also, a bill for the relief of Ferdinand
Clark; a bill for the relief of Adolphus Meir &
Co., of St. Louis; a bill for the relief of Wilson
& Brothers, of St. Louis, in the State of Mis-
souri; and a bill for the relief of the children and
heirs of Major General Baron de Kalb.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read a first and second
time by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce:
A bill for the relief of Ferdinand Clark;
"" A bill for the relief of Adolphus Meir & Co.,
of St. Louis; and
A bill for the relief of Wilson & Brothers, of
St. Louis, in the State of Missouri.
internal improvements.
Mr. CASS. I desire to say that I intended
this morning to ask the Senate to take up for con-
sideration the bill reported by my colleague, [Mr.
Stuart,] from the Committee on Commerce,
making an appropriation for deepening the chan-
nels of the flats of the St. Clair river, which is
a highly important improvement; but I have
thought on reflection that it would be better to
wait for the communication which we expect
from the President of the United States, before
any of these questions in regard to internal im-
provements are taken up. I have concluded, there-
fore, to let the matter he over until we receive the
President's message.
swamp and overflowed lands.
Mr. STUART. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to report a bill for the
relief of purchasers and locators of swamp and over-
flowed lands, and I want to state, in a few words,
the circumstances under which it is reported, and
then ask the Senate for its present consideration.
A similar bill was reported from the Committee
on Public Lands, at the last session, and passed
the Senate at the same time that it was reported.
It was sent to the House, but by some accident
there, has been lost. The committee, therefore,
have instructed me, and this is done at the request
of tlie House committee, to report another bill, and
to ask the Senate to put it upon its passage, in
order that it may be acted upon immediately, inas-
much as a large number of individuals are affected
by it.
The bill was read twice, by unanimous consent,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct that where lands granted
to the several States by the act of September 28,
1850, to enable the State of Arkansas, and other
States, to reclaim the swamp lands within their
limits, have been sold or located since its passage,
the purchase money shall be paid over to the State
for such lands as have been, or may be sold for
cash, and that the Governor, by such agent as he
may appoint, may select other lands in lieu of
those located by warrants and scrip, upon the sur-
render to the United States, by the Governor or the
duly authorized officer, of all claim on the part of
the State to the lands granted to the State which
have been entered or located, and that upon such
surrender the titles in fee to the purchasers shall
pass by the United States patent. No selection,
however, is to be made by any State agent of lands
subject to sale at a price exceeding §1 35 per acre,
and all lands and money received by any State
under the provisions of the bill are to be applied
as required by the act of 1850.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading. It was read a third time, and passed.
CREEK AND SEMINOLE DEPREDATIONS.
Mr. FITZPATPJCK. On my motion, at an
early period in the session, the bill to authorize
the payment of certain claims for depredations
and spoliations during the hostilities with the
Creek and Seminole Indians, in 1S3G and 1837,
was made the special order for Thursday last.
When 5 asked the Senate to fix that day for its
consideration I was aware that there were several
Senators absent who are friendly, and have a com-
mon interest in the bill. I indulged the hope,
however, that at the period fixed they would have
arrived. I was disappointed in that hope, and
consequently did not ask for the consideration of
the bill the day set apart for its consideration. I
now find, sir, that I shall necessarily be drawn
from the Senate for the next two weeks, as I am
compelled to return home. But the same diffi-
culty now exists that existed on Thursday last.
Some gentlemen who are friendly to the bill are
still absent; and I am ready and anxious to dis-
pose of th*e bill, but unwilling, under the circum-
stances, to ask for its consideration now. 1
therefore ask the Senate to take it up for the pur-
pose of making it the special order for the 10th of
January.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to,
and then its further consideration was postponed
to, and it was made the special order for, Wednes-
day, the IOth of January.
board of claims.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask the Senate to take
up and consider, at this time, the bill to establish
a board of commissioners for the examination
and adjustment of private claims. It is an im-
portant measure, and has been well considered by
the Committee on Claims. I should be pleased
at any rate if the Senate would give me their pa-
tient attention for ten or fifteen minutes.
Mr. BADGER. Will the Senator permit sev-
eral bills from the House to be read ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. Certainly.
sureties of d. m. f. thornton.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, there is a bill
on the Calendar which was reported from the
Committee on the Judiciary at the last session,
for the relief of J. H. F. Thornton, Lawrence
Taliaferro, and Hay T. Taliaferro, sureties of D.
M. F. Thornton, late a purser in the Navy of the
United States. If that bill is passed, as I have
no doubt it wili be, it should be done at this
session. The Senate will therefore indulge me
.very much, and oblige me, if they will allow the
bill to be taken up and considered. I submit the
motion that the Senate proceed to its consider-
ation, and I do it with the concurrence of the
Senator who reported it from the Committee on
the Judiciary, [Mr. Butler.]
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the
consideration of the bill. It proposes to direct
that, in conformity with a report of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary of July 20, 1854, the persons
named be released from their liability as sureties.
Mr. MASON. The bill is accompanied by a
report which was made by the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary, [Mr. Butler.]
I take it for granted that Senators have read it;
but if any Senator has not read it, he can call for
its reading. If that is not desired, I hope the
bill will be immediately acted upon.
Mr. BUTLER. As the bill is here, I shall not
detain the Senate -by going into any explanation
of it. The report, perhaps, contains as clear a
statement as any that I can make; but I will say
that the bill received the unanimous sanction of
the committee, after having been fully investigated.
There was no division upon it in the committee.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading. It was read a third time, and
baron de kalb.
Mr. SHIELDS. A bill for the relief of the
children and heirs of Major General Baron de
Kalb, has been sent to u3 from the House of Rep-
resentatives. I understand it passed that body
almost unanimously. I do not know that it is
necessary that it should pass through the usual
course of a reference; I therefore ask the Senate
to take it up and put it on its passage now. It
would be a most generous Christmas gift to those
persons.
Mr. EVANS. I have looked somewhat into
that case, and I think, although the petitioners are
entitled to something, they are not entitled to all
that is proposed to be given; I should, therefore,
prefer to have it sent to a committee.
The bill was subsequently read twice by its
title, with a view to its reference.
Mr. BADGER. I hope it will meet with the
general approbation of the Senate to let that bill
pass at once. It is a bill whose merits are very
peculiar, and the claims of the parties interested
very strong upon the Government and people of
the United States. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to the consideration of the bill at this time.
I thick a brief explanation will satisfy every
Senator that it ought to pass at once. If passed
at all, it should pass promptly. It passed the
House of Representatives, after full discussion,
