70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
but that I do not wish to trammel it with any-
extraneous legislative provisions. I therefore now
simply move to strike out the third section of the
bill, which provides for the appointment of an as-
sistant attorney general.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, this seems to
be a bill not merely to create a department of law,
but to reorganize all the other Departments to a
considerable extent; and it is so important a meas-
ure that I think there ought to be a little time given
for its examination. I therefore ask thatitbe post-
poned until to-morrow, at one o'clock.
Mr. ADAMS. I hope that my friend from
Virginia, before he makes that motion, will allow
me to pl'esent the amendments which I wish to
have made. Some of them become necessary in
consequence of the legislation of the last session.
Clerks were provided for in the bill of the Senator
from Virginia himself, which have made some of
the provisions of this bill unnecessary at this time.
I wish now to have the amendment authorized by
the committee made, and then to ask that the bill
be printed as amended, so that Senators may un-
derstand its provisions.
Mr. BADGER. We wish to get the superflu-
ous matter out of the bill.
Mr. ADAMS. That is the object.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Mississippi, to
strike out the third section of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS. The fourth section provides
that the President may "require the Attorney
General or Assistant Attorney General to attend
to the interests of the Government in any court of
the United States." 1 move to amend this pro-
vision by striking out the words " or Assistant
Attorney General," and inserting " or other per-
son."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS. The same words occur in nn-
whether this or that objection can be made to it,
but whether it is not the best and least objection-
able which can be devised. 1 am quite certain,
and feel justified in asserting, that if it does not
do greatgood, it is free from constitutional objec-
tion, and will do no harm. It is certainly proper
as an experiment. In preparing it, I have endeav-
ored to omit all provisions which have heretofore
been seriously objected to.
It may be said that it does not go far enough,
that it will not entirely remedy the evil; but if
we attempt to do anything more, we interfere with
the right of petition; the machinery will be too
complex; members may not take time to under-
stand its provisions, or fear that it will not work
well in practice; and hence it will break down, as
its predecessors have done. It may be said, too,
that jt has a wrong name, that boards of commis-
sioners have become unpopular. But the pro-
posed board is differently organized from the one
which passed upon claims against Mexico, under
the treaty of 1848. The proceedings of that board
were in a measure private, its decisions were final
and conclusive, and money paid upon them; its
opinions were not published, and the Government
was not represented. Not so with the board
mentioned in the bill; its proceedings will be
' public, both sides will be heard, lawyers of high
character will appear before it, its decisions will
i not be final, and its opinions and decisions will be
I published and placed before both Houses ofCon-
i gress. The proceedings before the board will be,
as in the courts of law or equity, in some measure
adversary, and upon disputed questions of fact
testimony will be taken, upon notice to both sides.
All lawyers know how difficult it is to make
correct decisions upon ex parte statements and evi-
dence. The members of the board will have no
"enemy in the rear," no elections coming on, no
documents to send home, no Buncombe speeches
to make. They will have the same motives for
other portion of the section, and I move to strike ,; correct action that a judicial tribunal would have,
them out and insert " or other person." ! They will feel the responsibility of their positions.
' '* ' Members of Congress do not; they are seldom, if
ever, called to an account at home for their action
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS. I next move to strike out the
sixth section, which provides for a number of
clerks in the office of the Attorney General. This
section has become unnecessary in consequence of
legislation at the last session. I move to strike
out the section, and insert in lieu of it the follow-
ing:
Hko. 0. d he if, further rnactcd, That the commissions
of all oflieers of the. i Tinted Slater be made out, record-
ed, and, when ltece^ary, eounteivi^ned and sealed hi the
Department, under llie Mipcrvision of the heads of wIik ii
those officers may respectively be required to act, or to
which thoy belong.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS. My next amendment is to
strike out all after the seventh section of the bill
In regard to the distribution of accounts between
the several Auditors and Oomptrolleis, the subjects
mentioned there having been provided for by a bill
introduced after this bill was reported at the last
session.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS. As I wish to have the bill
printed as amended,! ask that it be postponed
till Wednesday, at one o'clock, and made the
special order for that time.
Mr. HUNTER. I agree to that.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill, as
amended, was ordered to be printed.
BOARD OF CLAIMS.
upon private bills.
Now, as to the evil complained of. But a few
facts need be stated, because they are decisive,
and clearly prove the necessity for legislative in-
terposition.
Population doubles in this country every twenty-
three or four years. The business before Con-
gress, and especially that of a private character,
increases in the same ratio. Twenty-five years
ago Congress appropriated between $13,000,000
and $15,000,000 to carry on the Government.
Now we appropriate over §60,000,000. Two
days of every week—one third of the time, to say
nothing of the time spent by committees—is set
apart for the consideration of private bills and
reports, and yet not much more than half are acted
upon; and yet the people complain that our ses-
sions are too long. Want of time leads to im-
proper legislation, and often to great injustice.
Those who have honest claims are postponed for
years. Justice is cheated by long delay; and yet
a man who retains money belonging to the Gov-
ernment, is treated as a felon, and prosecuted in
the criminal courts. The pressure of business of
a private character prevents us from considering
great questions in a way becoming statesmen rep-
; resenting this great people, and this extended em
i, ',ire' 0ur timeis too valuable to be occupied in
OnmiwinnWHr nunmTPl'n ,i o . :i ,'lscussmR the me t« or demerits of a private bill.
On motion by Mr. bRODULAD, the Senate, ;i frequently we dispute about the facts of a case
90nj"??.ntee of the Whole, proceeded to con- | presented in an ex parte way, the truth of which
sidei the bill reported by him irom tne Committee ; could be better ascertained by a tribunal differently
on Cairns, to establish a boa. d of commissioners 'j constituted. Besides, we are run down by pr£
daimse,,eXam l°" adjustment of private j vate claimants, and their agents or attorneys; and
Mr. BRODI-IEAD.
X In tl>e few remarks I pro- ij !he ^p^^i™ bi^'Se^rni^ti of
pose to make m explanation of this hni, I wnl > sions, contrary to the rules of the Senate, and
certainly not weary the Senate with useless detail  - .i/_ ~ senate, anu
private claims are either passed or pressed into
St proposes to remedy an evil which has been
crying one for the last twenty or twenty-five j
years. 1 have carefully considered the subject,
examined all the bills which have heretofore been '
submitted in either branch of Congress, and the !
measure now under consideration is the result of I
my labors. It has received the sanction of the j
Committee on Claims to which it was referred, j
and several of the most experienced gentlemen :
connected with the Government in and out of j
Congress. And the primary considsration is, not ]
injurious to the character of Congress.
In 1838, more than sixteen years ago, the House
of Representatives passed a resolution with a pre-
amble, declaring that the •' private business far
exceeded what could reasonably be attended to,"
and instructed the Committee oji Claims to take
the subject into consideration. That committee
did so, and Mr. Whittlesey, the chairman of the
committee, who before and sincehas rendered such
good service to the country, and won so high a
character for unyielding integrity, made the re-
port, and submitted a bill to which I shall have
occasion to allude before I take my seat. In 1848,
the subject was again investigated by Mr. Rock-
well, then a member from Connecticut, a gentle-
man we all knew and admired for his many good
qualities of head and heart. He also made a re-
port from the same committee, strongly urging the
establishment of a board of claims. In those two
reports will be found thestatistics of private claims,
showing their increase, and the necessity of estab-
lishing some tribunal to relieve members of Con-
gress from a system of electioneering, from labor
unbecoming their positions and unsatisfactory to
honest claimants. But I need not enlarge upon
this point. The facts 1 have stated, it seems to
me, are conclusive, and the experience and obser-
vation of members will suggest many more.
The most difficult task remains—for it is much
easier to point to the defects of a system than to
devise remedies; to demolish a building than to
erect a convenient substitute. Three forms of re-
lief have been suggested:
1. To enlarge tne powers of the accounting of-
ficers.
2. To enlarge the powers of the judiciary.
3. To establish a board similar to the one pro-
posed in the bill.
The idea of allowing accounting officers to exer-
cise a discretionary power; to allow damages for a
breach of contract, for instance; to dispense with
rules of law and of evidence, is pretty much aban-
doned, and I need hardly discuss it. Executive offi-
cers should be governed by law. They exercise
their functions m private. They now have as
much as they can properly attend to, and to en-
large their powers would be a dangerous experi-
ment. Congress would not know how much
money or for what objects to appropriate it. The
Executive officers could not furnish us with esti-
mates, as they are now bound to do by law.
To enlarge the powers of the judiciary would be
equally dangerous and inexpedient. It is very
doubtful whether we have power under the Con-
stitution to waive sovereignty and to authorize the
Government to be sued either in " law or equity."
There are many cases which come before Con-
gress; applications which are addressed to our
discretion which could not well be considered or
adjudged by a judicial tribunal according to the
rules known to the courts of "law and equity."
It would be difficult for us to establish the rules
by which the court should be governed in the
great variety of applications for equitable relief.
It would introduce a dangerous element into our
judiciary system. And who is to represent the
Government? It may be said the district attor-
neys. The decision of the courts, of course,
would have to be fin&l and conclusive, and, there-
fore, if a district attorney should not do his duty,
should be ignorant or corrupt, the decision would
be against the Government, and large sums of
money paid on it. It seems to me that it would
be placing the public Treasury at the disposal of
the courts contrary to the meaning of the Consti-
tution and sound policy. It frequently happens
that a man has a perfectly just claim against the
Government, that his case comes within the mean-
ing of a lav/; but the accounting officers reject it
because they must be governed by strict law or
by departmental regulation, which cannot be re-
laxed without establishing a dangerous precedent.
Our Government, in its various transactions, must
of course deal with, and make contracts with,
thousands of our citizens annually, and of course
there must many questions arise involving a ne-
cessity for the„exercise of discretionary power.
There are, also, cases not founded on contract,
express or implied, which could not be made out
in any court according to the rules of law or
equity. They are applications to the will of the
sovereign to the sense of liberality and generosity,
if you please, of the people or Government, and
Congress, exorcising, to a limited extent, the sov-
ereign power, is the only tribunal which can grant
relief. We could not, by authorizing the Gov-
ernment to be sued, cut off the right of petition to
Congress. It would be difficult, if not impossible,
to define or classify the cases in which the courts
should have jurisdiction. Then again, we would
be obliged to reform the fee bill, and say how
much district attorneys, clerks, marshals, &c.,
should be paid for their services. The courts
have not time. Business in the United States
courts has increased as much as it has in Congress,
and the judges are inadequately" paid.
