1854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
71
Now, as to the plan proposed in the bill. It
proposes the appointment of three commissioners,
at a salary of four thousand dollars each, to hold
these offices for four years, to whom all petitions
to Congress, asking relief on accountof anyclaim
against the United States, shall be referred. The
President, no doubt, will select men who have
special qualifications, and have a large stock of
reputation laid in. We have no right to say, or
presume in advance, that he will not. But he is
to appoint them by and with the advice and con-
• sent of the Senate; and therefore, if unworthy or
incompetent persons are appointed, if will be our
own fault. This board will be in the nature of a
judicial tribunal, and will have the motives to cor-
rect conduct to which I alluded in the commence-
ment of my remarks. They will be in session the
whole year; will have power to take testimony in
behalf of the Government; will have time, means,
and opportunity to get at and report the facts of
each case. And when that is done, will it not
enable us to render speedy justice to honest claim-
ants? Will not those who present claims upon a
partial, perverted, or fabricated statement of facts,
be confounded? Will not committees be relieved
of an immense amount of unpleasant, useless, and
unprofitable labor? Under the present system,
committees cannot get at the real state of facts.
We have no time. Cases are presented ex parte,
and we do not take testimony on the part of the
Government. I never knew a committee to at-
tempt to do it.
In the bill presented by Mr. Whittlesey, in 1838,
the right of appeal from the decision of the ac-
counting officers to the board was allowed, and
the decision of the board under #500 was made
final and conclusive. The first provision was also
in Mr. Rockwell's bill. I have omitted both,
and Mr. Whittlesey agrees with me that the first,
at any rate, should be omitted. There should be
no appeal from the accounting officers who dccide
according to law, except to Congress. When a
case is taken from the accounting office, it should
come before the public. Freedom and publicity
of debate are essential, not only to the preserva-
tion of our free institutions, but to purity of all
our judicial tribunals. A party who wishes to
take an appeal will not be delayed by this bill.
He can present his petition to Congress, and file
it with the Secretary of the Senate or Clerk of the
House, whether Congress is in session or not,
and it wfil thus, after being registered, go at once
before the board. The board is to report to Con- |
gress at the opening of each session, and every
month when it is in session. All petitioners will
thus have their cases speedily examined, the facts
which are so material, exactly anil impartially as-
certained and stated. Now, many honest claim-
ants are delayed from one to twenty years, and
many improper allowances made. When this
board is established, members of Congress will
have a place to refer private claimants to, and
hence will not be electioneered with. We will
not be asked to take cfaargc of private claims, and
will have time to attend to our other and more
important duties. The board will have the assist-
ance of the Solicitor of the Treasury and the dis-
trict attorneys. Atone time I thought I would
insert a section providing for the appointment of
a solicitor to represent the Government before the
board, but, upon reflection, I concluded not to do
it. It might be necessary^f there was but one
commissioner, or the decisions of the board were
made final, and money to be paid upon them, but
each member of the board represents the Govern-
ment, and is in some measure an examining ma-
gistrate. The arguments before the board would
have to be either written or printed, and hence the
board, if they decided in favor of or against a
claimant, would be obliged to make the argument,
and it would be unnecessary to incumber the rec-
ord, which must come up for review before Con-
gress, with the opinions of a solicitor and of the
board. If hereafter it should be found nccessary
to have such an officer, the appointment of one
can easily be authorized.
I have not made the decision of the board final
in any case. All admit that above five hundred
dollars it should not be made conclusive; then
why make it so below that sum? A small claim
favorably reported on by the board would not be
delayed in Congress, unless allowed upon im-
proper principles. Besides, what would be done
with applications for pensions, or for renewal of
patents ? The board might allow a soldier fifty or
one hundred dollars per annum, but cannot tell
how long he will live, and hence cannot tell whether
their decision will take more or less than five hun-
dred dollars from the Treasury. To make the
decisions of the board final, would make the board
less responsible and less careful. The bill pro-
vides penalties against perjury, for the appoinment
of two clerks and a messenger, and contains other
provisions calculated to make the board efficient
and useful.
These are the reasons, Mr. President, briefly
stated, which have induced me to endeavor to
bring this great measure—for no one will question
its importance—earnestly and conspicuously before
the Senate, and to ask for it serious and favorable
consideration.
I have some amendments to propose to the de-
tails of the bill, in order to make it more perfect.
In the first place I move to amend the first section
by striking out of the provision fixing the salary of
the commissioners at S3,500, and inserting §4,000.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I think my
friend, the Senator from Pennsylvania, has fallen
into some serious errors in regard to one of the
bills which has been heretofore introduced on this
subject. He is mistaken if he supposes that 1
ever introduced a bill which allowed the United
States to be sued, and made the judgment of the
court final. The one which I introduced proposed
that all the decisions of the tribunal constituted by
it should be referred to Congress, that they might
decide on them afterwards—both those for and
those against the United States. He is also mis-
taken if he supposes that I ever proposed to send
the claims before the district courts. I proposed,
sir, to establish a board, or, if I could, a court of
accounts within the District of Columbia, and to
have publicity, to allow counsel for the claimants,
and to provide that there should be a regular
attorney of the United States, who should defend
the Government against these claims.
My own opinion is, that the best tribunal for
the examination of such claims would be a court
constituted here, before whom these claims should
be publicly presented. Counsel might be em-
ployed if the petitioner chose. The United States
m them should bedefended by a regular attorney.
When thecourt had examined and pronounced its
opinion for or against, then that should be, not
final and conclusive as against the United States,
but should be reported to Congress for their action.
I take it for granted that there would scarcely be
a case in which Congress would not concur in
the decision of a court thus established and thus
| guarded. So far from proposing that the sessions
of this court should be private, I have always
insisted that publicity was one of the best defenses
to the purity of the administration of justice in
this regard.
Now, sir, I am so anxious for the establishment
of some tribunal of this sort, that I will not vote
against all bills unless the mode be taken which I
prefer. 1 will vote for almost any measure which
is tolerably guarded and secured for this purpose.
Nor, sir, did 1 ever propose to give an appeal,
i any more than the Senator from Pennsylvania
i proposes to do so, fromthedecisions oftheaccount-
| mg officers. Ifan accounting officer decides against
I a claimant, cm he not do under this bill as he
|! would have done under that which 1 proposed?
!i Why, he has only to take a more roundabout
II way. Instead of appealing directly to the court,
|i and asking theirdecision upon the claim, (which;
j| according to my proposition, would not ha"s been
ii final, but would have resulted in an examination
!' by the court, and a report from that court to Con-
ij gress, that they might act upon it,) the Senator
|f proposes the roundabout method of allowing a
i] claimant who thinks himself aggrieved by the de-
li cision of ail accounting officer, to petition Con-
|| gress, from whose files the petition is to be sent to
[i this board. Why, sir, it is the same thing; it is,
in fact, an appeal, and if this had not been allowed,
I should not have been as favorably disposed as
I am to the Senator's bill, though there are many
things in the bill that I like.
I think this bill will need amendment in another
regard. I do not think that it does require pub-
licity in the proceedings of the commissioners. I
have "examined it, and I see no clause which
requires their opinions to be pronounced in public,
none which requires them to keep records, none
which requires their sessions to be public. Now,
i I think all these things ought to be required in the ,
bill. If the Senator will do that, and provide that
the United States shall be defended by an attorney ;
if he will provide for making the proceedings
open, and requite that the decisions of the board,
when made, shall not be final and conclusive, but
shall be reported here, I will vote for almost any
bill. But, sir, I should vastly prefer, on account
of the tenure, that, instead of commissioners ap-
pointed for four or five years, and removable at
the pleasure of the President, we should have two
judges sitting here, who should hold their office
as judges do under the Constitution of the United
States. It may be said that if we were to do that,
and it should be found that the system did not
work well, those judges would be fastened on us;
but, sir, if we should abolish the court, of course
the office would go with it, and I suppose there
can be no doubt of our power to do that, if we
were to find that it did not turn out according to
our expectations. But, sir, I prefer that method,
because, to the credit of this country, in the his-
tory of its judicial proceedings, there is hardly a
taint, or the suspicion of a taint, on the judicial
ermine in regard to the purity of the motives
which influence their decisions.
I believe, sir, that the great reason why justice
is thus administered for millions, not without
errors, but without suspicion of impurity, or im-
propriety of motive, is, that we have men ap-
, pointed as judges who are responsible to the
! world through their reputation, and who, acting
j and deliberating in public, are exposed to the
scrutiny of public opinion, and to a just responsi-
bility to it. I think that is the highest security
we can have for the purity and propriety of their
action, and, therefore, I myself would much pre-
fer that there should be a court here, that the
United States should have a regular attorney, that
its proceedings should be open like those of any-
other court. Nor would I give it final and con-
clusive jurisdiction in regard to any amount; I
would only provide that its members should ex-
amine judicially, and determine, and report their
decisions to Congress; because 1 think it would
be too great a power to give to any court to allow
them to make decisions which would draw money
directly out of the Treasury.
When these safeguards are provided, 1 'think
we should establish the most admirable tribunal
for doing justice to private claimants, and at the
same time for throwing proper checks about the
Treasury of the United States that could be estab-
lished. But, if it should not be the pleasure of
Congress to establish a court of this sort, then I
would vote very cheerfully for a board. Give
me some tribunal where these claims are to be
examined according to the rules of evidence;
where they are to be examined by competent per-
sons; where the claimant may appear, if he
chooses, either in person or by attorney; but
where the United States shall also be guarded by
an attorney, whose business ought to be to devote
1 himself to the investigation of the claims, and to
defend the interests of the United States in regard
to them. With this distribution of power, it ia
j manifest that, whether you had a court or had a
j board—for that has been one of the objections to
! a court—either could proncuiice its opinion on the
j equity of the cass; for, after all, it would be the
I opinion of thU tribunal in regard to the demand,
! either in law or in equity, of the claimant, and
| they would express in their report the grounds
■ upon which the decision was given; so that, no
I matter which you had, whether a court or a
board, you would afford relief for all classes of
cases, whether they were founded on an equitable
or a legal claim.
But, sir, putting out of consideration that ques-
tion, it seems to me to be obvious that there ia
nothing which the interests of the country so
imperiously demand, at present, as the establish-
ment of sorne such tribunal. If we cannot get a,
court for that purpose, I shall vote for commis-
sioners such as the Senator proposes; and would
only ask that he should so amend his bill as to
provide, not that we should have the casual
services of the Solicitor of the Treasury, who is
already sufficiently employed, but that we should
have an attorney appointed for this purpose,
whose duty it should be to attend this board or
court, and defend the interests of the United States;
and also that we should have special provisions
in this bill which should require that its proceed-
