1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
77
longer—struck the terra down to five years, and
offered that amendment, which was adopted.
Then some other Senator proposed an additional
and further amendment, allowing a pension of
#3,000 to the widow of Batchelder, who was killed
in Boston on the occasion of the attempted rescue
of the fugitive slave Burns. The Senate passed
that amendment also. But the appropriation to
Mrs. Batchelder should have been put upon its
own merits, and not placed upon this bill, which
will undoubtedly, on that account, find difficulty
in passing this House.
Whether that pension should or should not be
made to Mrs. Batchelder, I am not to argue here;
but certainly it is unjust to this old lady (Mrs.
Nash) that there should be ingrafted on a bill for
her relief, as to which there is no dispute and no
question—proof having been regularly made of it
—a claim about which there is question. What
I ask the House to do in justice to this old lady
is this: I ask the House to vote down the motion
madeby the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Faulk-
ner] to lay the motion to reconsider, made by me,
on the table, and to reconsider the bill, and non-
concur in the amendment added to it in the Senate.
I am willing that Mrs. Batchelder should have a
pension, but I say, let her claim stand upon its own
merits, and be investigated by itself. This case of
Mrs. Nash is one which the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, and every member of
that committee will vouch for as an honest case.
I, myself, am well acquainted with the facts, and
know it to be a justand deserving case. This old
and infirm lady will probably not be left long to
derive advantage from the bill in her favor. If
we delay to pass the bill for another session, she
may never receive the benefit of it. Last session,
her health was so feeble that it was supposed she
could not live till this session. The discussion of
the Batchelder case being ingrafted on the bill for
Mrs. Nash's relief, will cause delay in the pus-
sage of the bill, and—if the two cases are not sev-
ered—the probability is that Mrs. Nash will never
receive a pension, although she is as much entitled
to it as any widow in the land receiving a pension.
I hope, therefore, that this House will do justiceto
this old lady, by passing the bill granting her a pen-
sion,and by non-curring in the additional amend-
ments which the Senate havepassed to it. When
the Senate come to understand the effect of their
amendments, they will certainly recede from them.
I do not believe there is a single member of the
Senate, understanding the particular circumstance
of the Nash case, who would have tacked those
amendments on the bill. I trust, therefore, that,
for the reasons I have stated, the House will re-
consider its action, and pass the bill giving to Mrs.
Nash a pension for the shortest term ordinarily
allowed to widows. On this matter I have simply
stated the facts of the case; and now ask the pre-
vious question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The previous ques-
tion will not be sustained in the House.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The gentleman from New
York has asked the previous question on his mo-
tion. I hope he will withdraw his demand, to
allow me to make one or two remarks.
Mr. BENNETT. Certainly. 1 withdraw the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 had no desire to say
anything to the House about the merits of the
Batchelder case. I did not consider that to be
involved in this case. Mrs. Nash's claim was a
meritorious one. It was not a disputed claim in
this House. The bill for her relief was passed
here without objection. It went into the Senate,
and that body put upon that bill an objectionable
claim; one that will be objected to in this com-
mittee; one which will cause controversy. I think
that the bill for the relief of Mrs. Nash ought not
to be made contingent on the claim of Mrs. Brtch-
elder. I am perfectly willing to consider Mrs.
Batchelder's case; and it is veiy likely that! may
support it. However, I have not thought much
about it, and cannot give an opinion as to its
merits. The bill for the relief of Mrs. Nash came
from the-Senate with amendments which require
to be considered by the Committee of the Whole
TIoiBe. Now, it is not usual to refer a matter a
second time to a Committee of the Whole House.
The case of Mrs. Nash has already been consid-
ered in that committee, and it ought not to be sent
there again. Especially should there not have
been ingrafted on it a case which will give rise to
discussion, and which may prevent or delay the
passage of the bill.
I hope, therefore, that the motion made by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Bennett] will
prevail, and that the bill for the relief of Mrs.
Nash will be passed without the amendments of
the Senate. Mrs. Batchelder's claim ought, like
that of Mrs. Nash, to stand upon its own merits.
I do not believe in this log-rolling system of legis-
lation—making one case carry through the other.
I renew the demand for the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Hendmcks] whether he
thinks it a fair system of legislation to have two
speeches made in favor of a proposition, and to
allow none to be made against it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair reminds gentle-
men that discussion is not in order when the pre-
vious question is demanded.
Mr. FAULKNER. I thought the gentleman
from New York had withdrawn his call for the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. Yes; but the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] has renewed it.
Mr. FAULKNER. Well, I trust that gentle-
man will withdraw his call.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly. I withdrawit.
Mr. JON ES, of Tennessee. I merely wish to
inquire of the Chair whether the amendment at-
tached to this bill does not make an appropriation
of money, and whether, under the rule, the bill
must not go to the Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the Sen-
ate makes an additional appropriation, and must
go to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FAULKNER. I have not a single word
to say in opposition to the claim of Mrs. Nash.
I have no doubt, as the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Bennett] has informed us, that it is a mer-
itorious claim, and should receive the prompt con-
sideration of this House I also regard the pro-
vision for the relief of Mrs. Batchelder—which
has been annexed, and made an integral part of
this bill, by the action of the Senate—as one
equally meritorious and equally demanding the
consideration and favorable action of this body.
This bill being before us a few days ago—and the
amendment of the Senate, containing an appro-
priation of money—it was necessary, under the
rules of this Mouse, that it should be referred to
the Committee of the Whole, and the motion to
have it so referred was made, and agreed to.
Now, sir, what is the effect of the motion made
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Bkn-
nett,] to reconsider tho motion by which the bill
was referred to the Committee of the Whole' It is
to suspend action indefinitely on both the claims.
If his motion be agreed to, the bill will be arrested
in its course to the committee, and no action will
be taken oil it. My object, therefore, m moving
to lay the motion of the gentleman from New
York on the table is, that the matter may go at
once to the Committee of the Whole House, and
that it may be acted upon as sonn as possible.
To reverse thataction now, is to defeat the amend-
ment, for it makes an appropriation of money. I
recognize the justice of the claim of Mrs. Nash,
and 1 adhere to the justice of the second claim as
notmferiorto it in anypointof view in its demands
upon the consideration and justice of this House.
I am unwilling that these claims should now be
separated. There has been no log-rolling in the
matter, as suggested by the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. llnsDBK'its.) The subject was before
the Senate. That body desired to have prompt
action upon it. It had that prompt action by an-
nexing the amendment to the original bill, and I
wish to see them taken up and considered together.
No delay need take place. It may be taken up
next Friday, or Friday week. I hope, therefore,
that the bill will take that direction, and I renew
the motion I made when I was up before, to lay
tho motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. DICKINSON. I ask for the reading of
the bill and the amendment.
The bill and amendment were then read by the
Clerk.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to ask the Chair
with reference to the point of order raised by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] if the
House agree to a reconsideration, whether we
cannot then refer the amendment of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The_ amendment of the
Senate makes an appropriation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is unnecessary
for the gentleman from Indiana to press the ques-
tion of reconsideration, for the bill must go to a
Committee of the Whole at any rate.
Mr. BENNETT. I suppose if the bill made
an appropriation, and had been considered in
Committee of the Whole, that it would not neces-
sarily have to be re-referred.
The SPEAKER. When an additional appro-
priation is proposed by the Senate, it must be
re-referred to a Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BENNETT. The very object of bringing
this matter before the House, is to ask them to
non-concur in the amendment of the Senate. I
make the motion in order to bring that question
before the House.
The SPEAKER. The rule which requires, in
cases where appropriations are made, that they
should go to a Committee of the Whole, would
apply to this bill, unless unanimous consent be
given that it should take a different direction, as it
contains an amendment making an appropriation
of money.
Mr. BENNETT. I ask unanimous consent,
then, that the bill should come up now for the
action of the House. It is certainly a case that
demands prompt and speedy action, and I hope
the House will grant the request I make.
The question was then put, on laying the motion
to reconsider upon the table, and on division there
were—ayes forty-five.
Mr. FAULKNER demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. HAVEN. I am probably a friend to both
of these measures. Let me say to my friend fx-om
New York, [Mr. Bennett,] that it is evident he
cannot have the unanimous consent of the House
for the action he desires to take. 1 have no doubt
of the correctness of the decision of the Chair,
and that this bill involves an appropriation of
money. It is a question now whether you will
separate the bills or keep them together. Wemay
divide upon that subject, and I suggest to the
gentleman that he had better let the bill take the
usual course.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 will make a
single suggestion for the unanimous approbation
of the House, that this bill be referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole and made the special order for
Friday next. [Cries of" Agreed !" "Agreed!"]
Christmas comes next Monday, and if you adjourn
over on Thursday, you will have to meet here on
Monday. If you adjourn on Friday, you will
adjourn over till the Tuesday following.
Mr. BENNETT. I would rather make it the
special order for two weeks from Friday.
Mr. JONES. 1 have no objection to naming
any Friday that gentlemen may prefer.
Mr. BENNETT. Suppose you say three
weeks hence.
A M umber. I object.
Mr. JONES. I move then to suspend the rules,
that it may be done.
Mr.ORR. I desire to inquire of the Chair if
he decides that this bill must not be considered
in Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. It appropriates money, and
as a matter of course it must go to a Committee
of the Whole.
Mr.ORR. If the motion to reconsider prevail,
the House must send it to a Committee of the
Whole, without a suspension of the rules requir-
ing it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the House agree to a
reconsideration, cannot the House recommit the
bill and make it a special order ?
The SPEAKER. A special order can be made
only by a vote of two thirds.
Mr. FAULKNER. I withdraw the demand
for the yeas and nays on the motion to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. HAMILTON, I call for tellers upon the
motion.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr, SMITH, of Virginia. I understood the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] made a
motion that the rules be suspended for the purpose
of considering his proposition to make it the
special order for Friday next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suggested to the
gentleman from Virginia to withdraw the motion
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table; to
allow the motion to reconsider to pass, and then
to recommit the bill with instructions that it be
