1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
the Treasury as a balance of former appropriations made to
fulfill the stipulations of the sixth article of the treaty of
October 23(1, 1826, and the fifteenth article of the treaty of
November26th, 1838, (W. S. *3., vol 74 pages 301 and571.)
This balance becomes now payable as provided by the
fourth article of the treaty of June 5th, 1854, the Indians,
however, relinquishing their claim to any further payments
under the article of the treaty of 1826, referred to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 sent to the Clerk's desk
this morning a letter, which I received since the
meeting of this House, from the Secretary of the
Interior, which concerns another amendment
which I desire to offer to this bill. I will state to
thecommitteetheobjectoftheamendm^nt. Under
the articles of the treaty with the Sacs and Foxes
of Mississippi, we are bound to furnish to them
so many barrels of salt, and so many kegs of
tobacco. We have usually appropriated $800 for
the one and $2U0 for the other. But the value of
these articles in the market has changed, rela-
tively, so that in one instance the appropriation is
too large, and in the other too small. The Secre-
tary of the Interior asks that we shall consolidate
the appropriation, and put it as $1,000 for the
Furchase of so much salt and so much tobacco,
f the committee desire it, the letter of the Secre-
tary will be read.
I therefore offer the following amendments:
Page 25, after the word " salt," in line £85, insert, " and
forty kegs of tobacco," and after the word11 thirty-two," in
line 586, strike out" two hundred," and insert " one thou-
sand."
The section, as amended, will read:
For ttventy-fourth of thirty installments, for forty barrels
of salt, and forty ke«s of tobacco, per fourih article treaty
21st September, 1KB, $1,000.
Strike out lines 587, 5sS, and 589—forming the following
section of the bill:
For twenty-fourth of thirty installments, for forty kejis of
tobacco, per fourth article treaty 21st September, JtSJd,
$800.
The question was taken; and the amendments
were severally agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON". The Clerk having finished
the reading of the bill, I now propose, in pursu-
ance of instructions from the Committee of Ways
and Means, to offer an amendment, making the
usual and necessary appropriations for Washing-
ton, Oregon, Utah, New Mexico, and California.
They are embraced in the supplemental estimates
which were ordered to be printed by the House a
few days since, a duplicate of which I hold in my
hands. The Committee have examined these
estimates, and instructed me to propose theamend-
ment to the bill, which I send up to the Clerk's
desk. The appropriations now asked for would
have been contained in the bill originally, I have
no doubt, if the estimates had been at the Depart-
ment at the time the annual estimates were made
up. The estimates, in order to be laid upon our
tables the first day of the session, have to be pre-
pared at the various Departments and transmitted
to the Treasury Department, at a period so early
that those from countries far off do not usually
reach the Department in time to be acted upon.
Hence at every session we have had supplemental
estimates embracing estimates for appropriations
in those far off countries.
The Clerk then read the amendment, as follows:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian terri-
tory m Washington Territory, *>-30,000.
For the expenses of adjusting diihcultip? and preventing
outbreaks among the Indians in Washington Territory
prior to and dunng the fiscal year ending the 30 th June,
1856, $10,000.
For ihc general incidental expenses of the Indian service
in California, embracing expenses of traveling, supeun-
temlent, and agents, $28,850.
For the pay of physicians, smiths, carpenters, agncul-
tuial and mechanical laborers on the reservations in Cali-
fornia, $54,200.
For defraying the expenses of the removal and subsist-
ence of Indians in California to these military rcsei vation^,
in accordance with the plan submitted by the Superintend-
ent of Indian Affairs of this State, and approved by the
President, $195,000.
For thegeneral incidental expenses of the Indian service
in Oiegon Territory, $10,000.
For adjusting difficulties and preventingoutbreaks among
the Indians in Oregon Territory, $10,000.
For the expenses of insurance and transportation of
annuities payable to the Indian tribes in the Temtoiy of
Oregon, $3,000.
For payment of liabilities incurred for the Indian service
in Oregon, under the supervision of the late superintendent,
$10,000.
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian service
in the Territory of New Mexico, $25,000.
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian service
in the Territory of Utah, $20,Quo.
For compensation to three special agents and four inter-
preters for the Indian tribes of Texas, and for purchase of
presents, $15,000.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. We are now through with
the Indian appropriation bill, and under my as-
surance to my friend over the way, [Mr. Oliver,]
I propose to lay aside this bill that it may be re-
ported to the House when the committee shall
rise, and take up House bill No. 561. I move
that this bill, be laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The committee here informally arose, and re-
ceived a message, in writing, from the President
ofthe United States, by Sidney Webster, Esq.,
his Private Secretary; also, a message notifying
the House that he did, on the 14th instant, approve
and sign bills and a joint resolution of the follow-
ing titles:
An act for the relief of Jacob McLellan;
An act for the relief of Isaac M. Sigler, of Put-
nam county, Indiana; and
Joint resolution for the relief of the children of
Captain Thomas Porter, deceased.
And that, 011 the ISth instant, he approved and
signed a bill of the following title:
An act for the relief of Enoch S. More.
The committee resumed its session.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that the com-
mittee take up House bill (No. 5G1) making appro-
priations for the support of the Military Academy
for the year ending June 30, 1856.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
On motion byMr. HOUSTON, the first reading
of the bill was dispensed with.
MR. BENTON'S SPEECH.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I
will now proceed to read the speech of my col-
league from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] to which
1 referred some time since.
Mr. OLIVER then proceeded to read the fol-
lowing speech: .
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Chairman, the member
from Indiana, [Mr. Mace,] who made the speech,
and gave notice of the motion to being in the bill
which gave rise to this discussion, sat out with
declaring that it was his intention to restore things
to what they were twelve months ago—to restore
the harmony of feeling lirthis House, and in the
country, to what it was at the commencement of
| the last session of Congress. This is a good in-
tent; and the mail who can accomplish it, will
justly be entitled to the character of a public ben-
efactor; but 1 do not think the measures he pro-
poses will accomplish this purpose: on the con-
trary, may make matters worse, which are bad
enough. What are his measures? They are—
first, to repeal the clause in the Kansas-Nebraska
act, whicii abolished the Missouri compromise
line; secondly, to oppose the admission of the State
of Kansas into the Union, if slfe presents herself
us a slave holding State. Now, I do not think
either of those measures advisable, even if practi-
cable, and will give my reasons for that opinion.
With respect to the first one, I do not think it
c.ould be passed at this session, and its agitation
could only disquiet the settlers in Kansas, and,
perhaps, retard its population; and with me the
rapid settlement of the Territory is an overruling
consideration, as promoting the construction of
the central road to the I'acific, and as giving pro-
tection to eniigiants now traveling through the
wild domain, without a road of any ltina made
by the Government, and exposed to murders and
robberies, which the United States military posts
can neither prevent nor avenge. The present
agitation of the repeal could, therefore, effect no
repeal, and might have a bad effect upon the set-
tlement of the Territory, and, consequently, upon
the contemplated road, and upon the facilities due
to the emigrants; and these considerations, I think,
might dispose of the motion for the present ses-
sion. At the next, I think it will be superseded
by events; that Kansas will be ripe for a State
government, and be demanding admission into
the Union. The member from Indiana then pro-
poses to resist the admission, if she has estab-
lished slavery. This, in my opinion, will be
resisting a right, holding, as I do, that the State
will be entitled to admission—having the other
requisites—with or without slavery, as she pleases;
and this not by virtue of any act of Congress to
that effect, nor even by virtue of the Constitution,
but by virtue of a right anterior and superior, both
to Congress and the Constitution—I mean an in-
herent right of State sovereignty, possessed before
the Constitution was made, not surrendered to
the Federal Government when it was made, and,
therefore, retained by the States. Add to this a
treaty right to the same effect. Kansas is a part
of the former province of Louisiana, acquired by
Mr. Jefferson, and has a right, under that treaty,
to be incorporated in the Union as soon as it can
be done according to the principles of the Federal
Constitution. The third article of the treaty is
explicit to that effect; so that the right of the State
to admission will beabsolute under her sovereignty
and the treaty, without any regard to her consti-
tution in relation to slavery.
Mr. Chairman, there was crimination and re-
crimination the other day on this subject, between
the member from Indiana and my colleague from
the northwest district, [Mr. Oliver.] The mem-
ber from Indiana charged that citizens of Missouri
had crossed the line to vote in Kansas at the late
delegate election; my colleague retorted that men
had been sent there by emigrant societies in the
East, to control the election. 1 believe both were
about right; and as to this stimulated emigration,
I had my opinion of it at the time it was announced,
and made known that opinion to some members
from the eastern States now present, and that it
would produce precisely the tiled that has been
seen—rouse and exasperate the people of the Mis-
souri frontier, and lead to the scenes which have
occurred. Why did I think so? Becauselknew
something of human nature, and thatforeign inter-
ference is a thing which it will not endure. Of
this, Missouri has been once before a signal in-
stance: At the time of the formation of her con-
stitution, it was a question among the people
whether the constitution should be express or
silent, on the subject of slavery. Foreign inter-
ference decided that question, and occasioned a
clause to be introduced prohibiting the Legislature
to emancipate slaves without the consent of their
owners. I, an enemy to the extension of slavery,
was a chief promoter of that clause; and why ?
Because foreigners, that is, citizens of otherStates,
had interfered and agitated the country, and filled
it with a great disturbance; and, for the sake of
peace, and to prevent the annual recurrence of such
agitations, 1 deemed it best (and that became the
opinion of the convention) to cut up the evil by
the root—to take the subject away from the Legis-
lature—and consequently to exclude it from our
elections; which was done. And the State, under
that constitutional inhibition, had been free from
the slavery agitation until carried there in the year
1849, and further inflamed by the events of the
past year. 1 was not a member of the convention
which framed the constitution, but promoted the
anti-emancipation clause; and I mention my own
case particularly that, being opposed to the exten-
sion of slavery, I yet instigated a provision against
emancipation to prevent foreigners from coming
to agitate us, and, I verily believe, if it had not
been for that interference, the constitution would
have been silent on the subject. This is one in-
stance of the effect offoreign interference in the same
State, and on the same subject, and what is now
taking place on the western frontier of the State is
only a new manifestation of the feeling which pre-
vailed in the State tn the year 1820. And such is
human nature, and in all the relations of life,
both as individuals and communities; a stranger
cannot interfere in a family dispute without
uniting the family against him, nor in a State
dispute without uniting the State against him.
What has happened, then, in Kansas, was
obliged to happen, and was foreseen by some and
deprecated at the time. 1 condemned that society
emigration at the time, and there are members
now present to whom I foretold its bad effects,
such as have since been seen by everybody. If
any emigrants came from the free States 111 the
usual way, they would be kindly and respectfully
received, but sent by societies for the purpose of
governing elections, and they would meet with
ill-will and opposition. And so I think the re-
crimination of my colleague was a fair set-off to
the crimination of the member from Indiana
