82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
Resolved, That five hundred additional copies of the re-
port of the Commissioner of the Genera! Land Office be
primed for the use of that office.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
JOINT COMMITTEE ON CLAIMS.
Mr. BROWN. In pursuance of notice given
yesterday, I now introduce a resolution providing
for an additional joint rule of the two Houses:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,)
That the following be added to the standing rules of the two
Houses of Congress:
There shall be appointed a standing committee of the
Senate to consist of seven members, and another of the
House of Representatives to consist of thirteen members,
to be cailcd, in each House, the General Committee on
Claims. It shall be the duty of said committee in the House
of Representatives to report a bill at each session of Con-
gress making appropriations for tile payment of private
claims. When the several committees of the House report
in favor of any claim, the report, with the evidence on
which it is based, shall be referred, and without debate
and as a matter of privilege, to the said General Commit-
tee on Claims, and if that committee, after due examina-
tion, concur in said report, they shall insert an item for the
payment of said claim in the bill for the payment of ptivale
claims,and thereupon submit a report aiui the evidences to
the House to be printed, or otherwise disposed of as the
House may direct. When the bill aforesaid is reported
from tbe House to the Senate, it shall forthwith bo referred
to the General Committee on Claims in the Senate, and
they shall proceed to insert therein such items as may in
like manner in tile Senate as in the House have been re-
ported from the several committees, and have received also
the sanction of said Geneiai Committee. The said bill,
before its final passage ill either House, shall be read by
sections, and a separate vote taken on each section or item,
and this notwithstanding the previous question may have
been moved and seconded. In'lhe order of business, the
bill for the payment of private claims shall have precedence
over other bills, next alter the genera! appropriation bills.
I do not propose at this time to discuss that
proposition, but if the Senate will indulge me, I
will make a remark or two in reference to it, and
then move its reference to the select committee
which was appointed yesterday, and to which
the bill of the Senator from Pennsylvania was
referred. I do not believe that that bill will at all
meet the purpose contemplated by its advocates.
The difficulty with us in reference to private
claims has not been that we do not get investiga-
tion and reports upon them. The difficulty has
always been in the other House of Congress, in
procuring action upon the bills and reports after
they hftve been made. That difficulty cannot be
relieved in the mode proposed. Why? When you
establish your board of claims they will go on to
investigate such claims as may be presented to
them, make their reports, and return their evi-
dences to Congress with billsdrawn by themselves;
and then we shall be precisely as we are now,
with reports, and bills, and accumulated evidences,
but without action on the part of Congress.
Therefore, sir, we shall not be advanced one soli-
tary step beyond the point where we are now in
the great object sought by the claimants them-
selves—that is, the procuring of a final settlement
and payment of their claims. Why, sir, )f you
will authorize that board, if you will put it in
operation on the first of May, by the time that
Congress meets in December they will have re-
ported not less than five hundred claims to you,
with five hundred separate bills, and in this they
will simply relieve the committees of the two
Houses of the labor of doing the same thing.
Then will come the work which we are asked to
do now, not to investigate, not to make reports,
not to accumulate evidences, but to pass the bills.
That board cannot pass bills through Congress; t
they cannot make appropriations; they cannotdo j
that which is the great thing complained of now— |
make the appropriations and pay the claims. |
The proposition which I submit proposes to i
relieve that difficulty; and without going into a j
discussion of it, I beg to commend it to the atten- j
tion of the select committee which was raised ,
yesterday, with the hope that they will at least i
consider it. Having given to it a great deal of con- j
sideration, I think that it will relieve the difficulty ;
under which we labor. It will at least procure I
that which we desire, and of which the claimants i
stand most in need—positive action at each ses- j
sion of Congress on their claims, one way or the j
other. . I cannot for the life of me see how the ,
Government is to be injured; how it is possible for j
the Government to be injured by it. It will be
seen that it is proposed that each item in the bill
to be reported shall pass the ordeal of two com-
mittees in each House before it comes before the
House or Senate—first, the committees, as now
organized, and then the general committee; and
at last the bill is to be voted upon in each House by
sections or by items—each item being voted into,
or out of, the bill, according to the sense of the
respective bodies. I do not see, therefore, that it
is possible that any fraud, any imposture, can be
practiced upon the Government. But 1 did not
rise to discuss the subject. I trust it will at least
receive the consideration of the select committee,
to whom I move its reference.
The motion was agreed to.
SEARCH FOR DR. KANE.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution,
submitted by him yesterday:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of sending a steamer
and tender to the Arctic seas for the purpose of rescuing
or affording relief to Passed Assistant Surgeon E.K. Kane,
of the United States Navy, and the officers and men under
his command.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Dr. Elisha K. Kane, the
talented, gallant, and meritorious officer men-
tioned in the resolution, is a native of my State,
and is connected with highly honorable and
distinguished families who reside there. Prompted
by most generous and chivalrous impulses, he
took command of the expedition, which, it is
feared, is now in great peril, under the circum-
stances which I will now briefly proceed to state.
Doctor Kane, a passed assistant surgeon in the
United States Navy, had been the senior surgeon
of the squadron commonly known as the " Grin-
nell Expedition," which returned in 1851 from
the Arctic Seas. Its object had been the rescue
of Sir John Franklin; and though this was not
attained, Congress was pleased to express its
favorable sense of the officers engaged in the party,
by directing that they should receive double pay.
From that time Lady Franklin became the corre-
spondent of Dr. Kane, and in some of her letters,
addressed to him and Mr. Grinnell, she urged the
organization of another expedition, which Dr.
Kane should take the command of; the expedition
to have the same objects as the first. Efforts were
accordingly made to procure the means for the
outfit and conduct of such a party. Mr. Grinnell
gave his tried vessel, the Advance; Mr. Peabody,
of London, gave $10,000; and Dr. Kane used his
exertions as a lecturer, and his influence with
different scientific institutions, to make up the
rest. He had, however, succeeded but partially,
when Mr. Kennedy, the then Secretary of the
Navy, took an important part in consummating
the scheme. He gave Dr. Kane orders, as a
Navy officer, to take command of the expedition—
assigned to him the services of several warrant
officers and seamen—provided hospital and other
stores, astronomical and nautical instruments, &c.,
&c.—furnished the vessel with a library; and finally
ordered Dr. Kane to report fidlxj to the Department
on his return. The cause of science was thus to
be advanced by governmental aid.
The party (nineteen, all told) sailed from New
York in May, 1853. Letters were received from
them, dated at Upernavik, the most northern of
the considerable Greenland settlements, on the
28th of July of that year. They have not been
heard of since. These letters spoke of the whole
company as in good health and full of hope—the
navigation abundantly studded with icebergs, but
altogether practicable—and the promise of a suc-
cessful transit into the Polar seaas highly encour-
aging. In fact, as we now know from the report
of the whalers and others, the season of 1853, in
the Arctic circle, was of an unusually open char-
acter; and there is no doubt entertained by Dr.
Kane's family, or by those navigators who have
been engaged in Arctic explorations, that the
Advance passed safely to a high northern latitude.
It was the purpose of Dr. Kane to carry his
vessel, in the summer of 1853, as far up Baffin's
Bay as the entrance of Smith's Sound, and there
to place her in harbor for the winter. He intended
then to proceed, in the autumn months, with a
detachment of his force, to some point still fur-
ther north—employing for this purpose sledges
drawn by does, and perhaps occasionally boats.
He then would deposit his neavier vehicles, form
a depot of the stores he had brought, and in the
eaily winter might return to his vessel. He was
a^ain to set out for the North in the spring of
1804, complete his explorations before the end of
the summer of that year, and retutn to the United
States by the end of September, 1854. His pro-
visions were, however, adequate to his support in
case of mishaps until the summer of 1855, though
not beyond.
The winter of 1853-'54, and the summer of 1854,
have been the most severe that have been known
within the Arctic circle in seventeen years. The
whalers have been unable to reach their accus-
tomed cruising grounds in North Baffin; and it is
the opinion of tne best authorities on Arctic sub-
jects, that it is scarcely to be hoped, from the
immensity of the fields of ice in that region, that
the navigation can be opened again to the mouth
of Smith's Sound for years to come. If they are'
right in this, the American expedition must remain
ice-locked for another year at least; and in such
case they must necessarily perish by starvation.
For we know now, from the melancholy fate of
Franklin's party, that the region is without re-
sources to support life. Indeed, Dr. Kane was
aware of these contingent perils; and while warn-
ing his friends that he might be arrested by ica
in the first effort to return, he added that heshould,
in that case, rely on the exertions of his country-
men to aid in his rescue. He left with them, at
the same time, specific instructions by which
they might follow his traces, or ascertain his
whereabouts, in case he should be unable to return.
The return of all the English expeditions from the
Polar seas, which took place since Dr. Kane en-
tered the ice, and of which he cannot be apprised,
further increases the. hazards of the American
party. For the quarter from which he would
hope to derive support in case of need is thus
withdrawn from him.
It is proposed now to dispatch a screw propel-
ler and a tender in search of the party. This
scheme will no doubt meet the countenance and
good wishes of the President and the Secretary
of the Navy, but it is doubtful whether they have
power to act without legislative sanction. A four
months' cruise will enable such a steamer to pass,
without serious hazard, to the ice-barrier, and her
officers and crew to complete all researches, and
return to the United States. The rescue expedi-
tion must be ready for sailing by next May, to
avail itself of the northern summer. Hence the
necessity of authorizing it at the earliest moment.
To delay legislation till the appropriation bills are
before Congress, is to defeat the object. Officers
of the Navy have already volunteered to form
part of the expedition. There will be no difficulty
in procuring men, and of the best sort.
Doctor Kane is a gallant officer, conducting a
hazardous and meritorious enterprise, with the
consent and under the orders of the Government,
and hence it becomes the duty of a generous Gov-
ernment, representing a generous people, to take
measures for his rescue or relief. We have offi-
cers and naval vessels unemployed, and hence the
expense would be little, and I therefore hope that
the resolution will be adopted, and that the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs will at once take it into
consideration.
..The resolution was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The PRESIDENT. The first special order is
the bill for the construction of a railroad from the
valley of tire Mississippi to the Pacific ocean.
Mr. STUART. It is hardly worth while to
take that up to-day. I move to postpone it until
to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
JUDICIAL SYSTEBI.
The PRESIDENT. The next special order
is the bill to amend and modify the judicial system
of the United States.
Mr. STUART. That, I think, is a special
order for a future day, having been made so on
the motion of the chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary, [Mr. Butler'.]
The PRESIDENT. That Senator gave notice
that, on some future day, he would move to make
it a special order, but no day was fixed. If there
be no objection, it will be passed over.
Mr. STUART. If there is no pressing busi-
ness before the Senate, i move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. PETTIT. Will the Senator allow ma to
make a repr rt?
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
