1854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
UNITED STATES LANDS IN CINCINNATI.
Mr. PETTIT. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives, vesting the title of the
United States to certain land in the city of Cincin-
nati, have instructed me to report it back without
amendment, and recommend its passage. The
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Cmase,] not now in his
seat, desires that bill to pass promptly. There
can be no impropriety in its passage, and I ask
for its consideration at this time.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill. It proposes to di-
rect that the title of the United States to the unsold
land in fractional section eleven, fractional township
four, fractional range one, of John C. Symmes's
purchase of land in Ohio, be vested in the corpo-
rate authorities of Cincinnati and their successors,
and any other occupants of it in severalty, upon
payment to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office of the minimum price of land subject to
entry. It is not to be construed, however, as im-
pairing the le^al or equitable rights of any other
persons to the land.
Mr. PETTIT. If there is any doubt about
the bill, there is a report accompanying it which
can be read.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, and ordered to a third read-
ing. It was read a third time, and passed.
GENERAL WOOL.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was re/erred the bill from the House of
Representatives, allowing rations to General John
E. Wool, have instructed me to report it back
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that it pass.
Mr. WELLER. If there be no objection, I
hope the bill will be put upon its passage. It is
an old claim, and there is no sort of doubt that it
oughtto pass. It passed the House of Represent-
atives at the last session, and was referred to the
Committee on Claims here. I suppose, however,
in the hurry of business, they were unable to
report it back then; therefore, if there be no ob-
jection, I hope it will be acted upon now. I do
not think there can be any objection to it.
There bein;* no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to direct the accounting
officers of the Treasury to ascertain and pay to
General John E. Wool, Inspector General of the
United States Army, the value of double rations,
from July 21, 1821, to March 3, 1&I3, being the
same as have been allowed by the War Depart-
ment to other officers of the staff.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. At the instance of a mem-
ber of the Committee on the Judiciary of the
House of Representatives, 1 ask the Senate to
make the following order:
Orilaed, That leave be granted to withdraw lliei>i>mions
and memorial pn'setifri io tlie Scn.uc on ilir Mibjcct ot
judiciary leform in the flMriet of (,'olmnbiil, in outer tiiat
they may be presented in tin: Iloik-e ot UqnOKeniauven.
The order was adopted.
Mr. CADGER subsequently said: I am not
exactly satisfied about the propriety of what the
Senator from Pennsylvania has had done in ref-
erence to the withdrawal of certain papers. I
move to reconsider the vote agreeing to his reso-
lution, and then let it he over until to-morrow.
It is rather unusual, I think, to adopt the course
■which he has proposed. I move to reconsider the
vote agreeing to that resolution.
The motion was agreed to; and the question
recurring on the adoption of the resolution, its
further consideration was postponed until to-mor-
row.
president's message.
Mr. BRODHEAD. In the absence of the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs, I
move that so much of the annual message of the
President as relates to the Navy and to naval
affairs be referred to the CQmmittee on Naval
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
SCHOONER SARAH.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, announced that they
had passed a bill to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue a register to the schooner Sarah.
The bill was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. STUART. I ask that the bill may now
be read a second time, with a view to its passage
at this time. I understand from the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce of the other House
that the vessel is now delayed for the purpose of
obtaining her papers in pursuance of this bill, to
which there can be no objection.
By unanimous consent, the Senate at once con-
sidered the bill as in Committee of the Whole.
Its object is to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue a register to the British-built
schooner Sarah, of fifty tons burden, wrecked near
the district of Passamaquoddy, if it shall appear
to his satisfaction that the owners of the schooner
have expended in repairs three fourths of the value
of the vessel.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate without amendment. It
was ordered to a third reading, was read a third
time, and passed.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 19, 18.">4.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Miuiuuxr.
.The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in or-
der, was the call of the Committee for the District
of Columbia for reports.
NAVAL SERVICE.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, by unanimous consent, introduced a
bill making appropriations for the support of the
naval service for the year ending the 30th of June,
1856; which was read a first and second time by
Us title, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
FORTIFICATIONS.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the same committee, in-
troduced a bill making appropriations for fortifica-
tions and other works of defense, and for repairs
of barracks and quarters for the year ending the
30th of June, lt>.r>(5; which received the same order
of reference.
REGISTER FOR THE BRIG SARAII.
Mr. FULLER. I ask the unan imous consent
of the House to report, from the Committee on
Commerce, a hill providing a register of a vessel
which is now detained in port for that purpose.
There was no objection, and a hill authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue a register
to the schooner Sarah; was reported, and read a
first and sccond time by its title.
Mr. FULLER. I ask that the bill may be put
upon its passage.
The bill rece'
finally passed.
Mr. EDMANDS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a resolution.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman cannot
introduce his resolution.
Mr. 1IAMILTOX. I have two or three bills
and a resolution, which 1 am instructed by the
Committee for the District of Columbia to report.
Mr. MURRAY. 1 rise to a puvilf-ged ques-
tion. I have a report, which I am instructed by
the Committee on Printing to report.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot take
the door from the gentleman from Maryland for
that purpose. There is a special order setting
apart this day, to-morrow, and the next day, for
the consideration of business connected with the
District of Columbia.
Mr. MURRAY. The rules permit the Com-
mittee on Printing to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman states the
rule correctly; but the order of the House making
other business the special order, suspends this
with all other rules.
GRADUATION BILL.
Mr. COBB. As the feelings of the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] have been inef-
fectually appealed to by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, I desire to make an appeal, in which
the whole country is interested. If the House
will allow me, I will state that I have been in-
structed by the Committee on Public Lands 
Mr. LETCHER. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. COBB. 1 hope the gentleman will,at least,
allow me to state my object. 1 am very anxious
to get the following bill before the House:
A Bill to amenil an act approved 4th August, 1854, entitled
"An act to graduate and reduce the pnee of the public
lands to actual setflersand cultivators."
Be if enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the act approved 4th August, 1854, "to graduate and
reduce the price of the public lands to actual settlers and
cultivators," shall bo so construed that the affidavits re-
quired by the third section of that act may be made be for®
any officer duly authorized by law to administer oaths,
according to &uoh forms and pursuant to such regulations
as shall bo proscribed by the Secretary of the Intcuor; and
that portion of said act ihut lias been construed as requiring
that lands entered or applied tor, for the u?e of an adjoining
I arm or plantation, shall form a compact body with sucli
farm or plantation, shall hereafter be construed as applica-
ble to any landa in the neighborhood of such farm or plant-
ation, say not to exceed four miles distance; and the por-
tion of said law that has been construed a3 authorizing the
entry of lands under baid graduating act on filing a decla-
ration of intention to enter lands for the use of the applicant
and for the purpose of settlement and cultivation, shall
hereafter he considered as authorizing an entry in such
cased, only on proof of actual settlement and improvement
by the party making such application under such rules and
regulations a* may he prescribed by the Secretary of the
Intenor for that purpose; and the oath of the applicants
that it H for their own use, and not in trust for another.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. Then no business is in order
except that relating to the District of Columbia.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BUSINESS.
Mr. HAMILTON",from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported bills of the follow-
ing titles; which were read a first and second time
by their titles, and referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union:
A bill to amend the charter of Georgetown, in
the District of Columbia; and
A bill to discharge the indebtedness of the pen-
itentiary of the District of Columbia.
Mr. II. also, from the Game committee, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and adopted:
Resolved, Thai the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to intorin the Ilou*e whether, in his judgment, any enact-
ment by Conjrrt'HH i* necessary for the permanent organiza-
tion of the hospital tor the insane of the Army and Navy,
ami of the District of Columbia, a portion of which is now
nearly completed, and, in case ho deems it needful, to
repott to tho House fuuh a plan of organization ns he may
think will best promote the beneficent object of the institu-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the sums com-
mittee, reported a bill to incorporate the St. Jo-
seph's Male Orphan Asylum, in the District of
Columbia; which wan read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to <lie Committee of the
Whole on the slate of the Union.
Mr. HAMILTON. If there are no other bills
to be introduced, I will move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
'1 he question was put, and the motion agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Piielps in the
chair.)
| "WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT,
j TheCHAIIlMAN. The first business in order
I is the consideration of the joint resolution (No.
1;2) " to provide for the continuance of the work
on the Washington aqueduct."
| Mr. HAMILTON. I desire to pass over that
i joint resolution informally. It is my purpose to-
i day to take up only those bills which will not be
likely to give rise to any discussion.
There was no objection, and the joint i-esolution
was accordingly possed over informally.
AUXILIARY GUARD OF "WASHINGTON.
House bill (No. 354) " to amend an act entitled
an act to establish an auxiliary watch for the
protection of public and private property in the
city of Washington, approved August 23, 1845,"
coming up next in order, was read.
It provides that each of the auxiliary watch
