B4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
shall receive an annual compensation of
commencing with the present fiscal year, and
repeals all other acts relative to the compensation
of said-watch.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I reported that bill,
and if there is no objection to it, I move that it
be laid aside to be reported to the House, with a
recommendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
ADDITIONAL POWERS TO THE CORPORATION.
House bill (No. 355) "granting certain addi-
tional powers to the Corporation of Washington"
was next in order upon the Calendar.
The bill was read.
The first section provides that it shall be lawful
for the Mayor, Board of Aldermen, and Board of
Common Council, of the city of Washington, in
ita discretion, to provide for the election by the
inhabitants of said city, at stated periods, of any
or all officers of said corporation not now elective
under the existing charter thereof; and to pre-
scribe the time, places, and manner of holding such
elections, and the duties, terms, and tenure of
office of all such officers, as well as of the regis-
ter, collecter, and surveyor of said corporation;
and also provides for the purity and independence
of said elections.
Section two provides that the said corporation
may cause any streets, or the carriage-ways, 01-
foot-ways thereof, or of any portions of the same,
to be paved, graded, or otherwise improved when-
soever in its discretion the same may be deemed
proper and necessary, any restrictions or condi-
tions heretofore existing in the premises to the
contrary notwithstanding; and in like manner, m
its discretion, to cause to be constructed any drains
and sewers which it may consider necessary for
the proper drainage, health, or convenience of the
city, and to cause the streets or any of them, or
any portion of any of them, to be lighted by gas
or otherwise, and to provide for the expense of
any such works or improvements, either by a
special tax or out of its corporate funds generally,
or both, atitsdiscretion. It also extends thejuris-
diction of the said corporation over the whole
extent of the bridges and abutments which are
now constructed, or which may hereafter be con-
structed, from the said city across the Eastern
Branch or the Potomac river, with full power to
ddopt and enforce such rules and regulations as it
may deem necessary for the safety and security of
property and of persons passing over the said
bridges.
Section three provides that the said corporation
shall have power, in its discretion, to cause new
alleys to be opened into the squares, and from
time to time to open, extend, change, or close
those already laid out; subject always to th§ pro-
viso concerning damages to individuals, contained
in the eighth section of the act of May 15,1820.
' Section four provides that the corporation shall
have power to create and establish police and
municipal courts, and to establish a house or
houses of refuge or correction for juvenile or other
offenders, and to provide for the support and
government of the same by special tax, or out of
Its corporate funds, or otherwise; and to pass any
and all laws, not inconsistent with the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States, for the estab-
lishment of an efficient police, for the maintenance
of order, the protection of persons and property
within the said city, and for the punishment, by
line or imprisonment, or both, of offenses against
the ordinances and police regulations of the corpo-
ration; such imprisonment to be either in the
county jail, or in such municipal establishments,
work-houses, houses of correction or of refuge, as
may be provided by the corporation for that pur-
pose; and that the marshal of the District of
- Columbia shall receive and safely keep within the '
jail for the county of Washington, at the expense
of the corporation, all persons committed thereto
under or by authority of the provisions of the act.
Section five provides that the corporation shall
have power to provide bylaw for the levying and
collection of all taxes which it is or may be
authorized to impose, or which may have been
heretofore lawfully imposed, but are remaining
unsatisfied, in such manner as may be deemed
most efficient and conducive to the interests of the
said city, any existing provisions in its present
charter in that behalf to the contrary notwith-
standing.
The sixth section provides that the corporation
shall have power to organize a fire department,
and to appoint one or more engineers, directors,
or other officers, for the superintendence and direc-
tion of the.firemen, fire companies,engines,hose,
and fire apparatus, at all fires or alarms of fires
occurring m the city, and also to pass all laws or
police regulations which may be deemed necessary
or expedient for the regulation, control,and man-
agement of all fire companies now existing, or"
hereafter to be incorporated or otherwise estab-
lished, in the city, or the members thereof, any-
thing in any existing law or charter to the con-
trary notwithstanding.
The seventh section provides that the corpora-
tion be authorized and empowered to pass all
laws, ordinances, and regulations, which may be
necessary to carry into eifect the powers granted
by this act.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to
make a statement to the committee of what will
be his ruling in case there should be any attempt
to discuss matters not relevant to the .subject
under consideration. The Chair will rule in su«h
case as it did during the last session of Congress,
when territorial business was under consideration,
that the speakers must confine their remarks to
the bill before the committee.
The bill was then read by sections for amend-
ments.
Mr. HAMILTON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the first section just read. There is but
one amendment that I desire to offer to this bill.
The amendment is as follows:
At the end of the word " being," in iine fifteen, insert the
following:
Jlnd provided further, That no person shall vote at any
election huldeii under the charter ol'said city who shall not
have been returned on the books of said corporation, as
provided by the fifth section of the act entitled " An act
to continue, alter, and amend the charter of the city of
Washington, approved May 17, 1848," and who has not
the other qualifications required by the said fifth section of
said act; and any person who shall vote or offer to vote
contrary to the requirements of this proviso, shall, on con-
viction thereof, be sentenced to pay a fine of not less than
ten nor more than fifty dollars, and to imprisonment for not
less than one nor more than four months, for such offense.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON. If there be no other
amendments to be offered to the bill, I move that
the further reading of the bill be dispensed with,
and that the bill be laid aside to be reported to the
House.
There being no objection, the further reading of
the bill was dispensed with.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee for the District of Columbia,
[Mr. Hamilton,] or of some other gentleman, in
reference to the fifth section of the bill, whether
we are to understand that the fifth section confers
upon the Corporation of Washington a right to
levy taxes on the property of the United States ?
Mr. HAMILTON. No, sir, I do not think it
does.
The CHAIRMAN. If no member of the com-
mittee requires the reading of the intervening
sections of the bill, the Clerk will report the fifth
section.
Mr. HAMILTON. I think that the first five
lines of the section show the precise authority
conferred on the Corporation of Washington, in
reference to taxes. They are as follows:
Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the said corporation shall
have power to provide by law lor the levying and collec-
tion of all taxes which it is or may be authorized to im-
pose, or which may have been heretofore lawfully imposed,
but are remaining unsatisfied.
There is certainly no authority given here to
impose taxes on the property of the United States.
_ Mr. HAVEN. My object is to have the exer-
cise of such an authority prevented. I suppose
that the lines pointed out by my friend from
Maryland do not refer to the property which may
be taxed, but to the object of taxation. They point
to the subjects for which taxation may be properly
imposed, and not to the property on which it may
be imposed.
Mr. HAMILTON. I have no objection to such
an amendment as the honorable gentleman from
New York [Mr. Haven] may think proper, to
the effect that the corporation are not entitled to
levy any other than legal taxes, or to impose any
on the property of the United States.
Mr. HAVEN. I have not prepared any amend-
ment. I did not know that the gentlemen of the
committee would care for it.
Mr. HAMILTON. There can be a proviso
appended to the section, providing that nothing
therein contained shall enable the corporation to
tax the property of the United States.
Mr. HAVEN. I will prepare such a proviso.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the fourth section of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. That section has been
passed. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Haven] is preparing an amendment to the fifth
section of the bill for the purpose of exempting all
property of the United States from taxation.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Has the fourth section been
read ?
The CHAIRMAN. No, it has not been read.
After the first, section was read, the gentleman
from Maryland moved to dispense with the further
reading of the bill; no objection was made, and the
reading of the remaining sections was dispensed
with. The gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Haven,] however, proposed to amend the fifth
section, and the consideration of that amendment
is now before the committee.
Mr. GIDDINGS. And is it not in order now
to move an amendment to the fourth section?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not feel
disposed to exclude the gentleman's amendment,
as he was prevented, perhaps, from offering it in
proper time, in consequence of the reading of the
bill by sections having been dispensed with for
the purpose of facilitating the business of the
committee.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then 1 want to propose an
amendment to the fourth-section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will rule that
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Giddings] may be received, although it is in-
formal.
Mr. HAVEN. I have drawn up a proviso
which is to come in on the twenty-fifth line of the
fifth seetion of the bill. It is:
Jlndprovidedfurther, That nothing herein contained shall
authorize the lmposmon of any tax, assessment, or charge,
on any of the property of the United States.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move to add to the fourth
section of the bill the following proviso:
Provided, That no person shall be imprisoned, unless
charged with crime or offense.
My object is to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the fact, that under the authority of the
District of Columbia three persons are now 
Mr. HAMILTON. Has the chairman ruled
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio in
order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did so decide.
In making that decision, the Chair announced, at
the instance of the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Hamilton,] that if there was no amendment
proposed to the preceding section, that this section
would be considered. At that time the gentleman
from Ohio rose, and stated that he desired to offer
an amendment; and, under the circumstances, the
Chair decided that the amendment would be en-
tertained. In pursuance of that decision, the gen-
tleman from Ohio offered his amendment.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I am quite sure that I "am
in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would appeal
from the decision of the Chair, for the purpose of
making a remark.
Mr. GIDDINGS. It is too late.
Mr. JONES. Not too late for an appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is in order, and is not too late in making
an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. JONES. This is a bill to amend the act
incorporating this city, granting certain powers
to its board of corporation, composed of a Mayor,
Board of Aldermen, and Board of Common Coun-
cil. The amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
if 1 understood it rightly from hearing it read, pro-
poses to prohibit the imprisonment of any person
in this city, except he may be charged with a
criminal offense. That may be all right in itself;
but can we, in an act to amend the charter of the
city of Washington, control the judiciary of this
District? The amendment is not germane to this
bill,and 1 think should not be made to it. It pro-
poses general legislation affecting the judiciary of
the District, and not the mere organization of the
