1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
was established, but in violation of the written
provisions of the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. CUMMING. Mr. Chairman, I believe
that of all the humbugs m this country the great-
est and most palpable one is this immense talk
about the issuance of notes—of paper money.
Sir, the very foundation of that extensive com-
merce which has brought the world to what it now
is, and has so much tended to civilize and chris-
tianize mankind, was the adoption of bills of ex-
change—1 mean paper representatives of money.
Sir, if the Government of the United States
should undertake to say that, in this District,
nothing should be circulated but gold and silver,
it would be setting an example which, if followed
throughout the whole country, would speedily
reduce our vast commercial enterprises to com-
plete ruin.
Mr. WALSH. I should like to ask my col-
league one question. 1 understood him to say
just now that the most formidable instrumentality
ever employed in the christianization of the world,
had been bills of exchange, and, 1 suppose, shin-
plasters.
Mr. CUMMING. I said one of the most
powerful agencies in the civilization of the world
had been the use of paper credits.
Mr. WALSH.- Then I should like to ask mv
colleague how many the twelve Apostles used >
[Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. Oh! they had "neither
scrip nor purse." [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. CUMMING. I do not wish to be inter-
rupted by such questions. This is no joke, lam
in earnest. I say, sir, that there is not in the j
United States metallic money enough, probably, !
to purchase the city of New York alone; and the
idea of establishing precious metals as a universal
currency is, therefore, absurd. It has been esti-
mated, I believe, that the gold and silver currency
of the United States is not above the absolute issue
of paper money in the city of New York. Now,
sir, how would any railroad or canal ever have
been constructed in this country, if you had been
obliged to bring stiver anil gold to pay for the labor
and the many appliances necessary in these works,
besides the foreign cost of the iron used, especially
on railroads, and which we have scarcely begun
yet to manufacture for ourselves? It would have
been an impossibility. You cannot carry oil the
commonest transactions of life without some sys-
tem of credit, and there must be some positive
representative of the credit, or trust, allowed be-
tween man and man. You must give and take
this trust; and to represent it, you must use bills
of exchange, promissory notes, drafts, and, above
all, bank notes; or, as they ought to be, and are,
thank God, in most cases in the State from which
I come, specie under another name. Sir, if I
think proper to enter into a transaction with my
neighbor, and he thinks it to his advantage to
dispose of something to me on credit, am I to be ;
compelled to refuse his offer, and he to forego the j
advantage he anticipated, by reason of the fact j
that I can give him no available acknowledgment j
of the debt I owe him? j
Sir, if Congress thinks proper to pass this law, !
every dollar of paper money in this District will I
be valueless to the poor mail. Two dollar note.*, j
and three dollar notes will be excluded; but ten ;
and fifty dollar bills will be allowed to circulate. 1
In the State of New York the notes of a majority ■
of our banks are secured by depositing, with the
Comptroller of the State, either stocks of the State '
of New York or of the United States, to about ;
the amount of the notes issued, and there is a ;
margin left for a decline in those stocks. Every
note is signed by the Comptroller, and is just as j
good after it has received his signature, as it is
after it has been signed by the president of the
bank. If Congress chooses to adopt a similar '
law for this District, requiring the^ bills of every !
denomination issued by either individual or cor-
poration, to be secured by any specific stocks they ;
may thmk proper to name, they will then leave 1
room for the operations of commerce here, ar.d ;
for credit and the use of paper money. There can ;
be no necessity for confining business operations .
here to a gold and silver currency. i
Sometimes facts, although very homely, pro- '
duce more effect than a great deal of eloquence
and argument. I was passing through the State j
of Pennsylvania the other day, when a poor ser- i
vant girl came and asked me if I would change a 1
dollar for her. I thought, of course, she wanted
me to give her small silver for it, but I found that
she had a dollar bill on one of the banks of New
York city which, although perfectly good, she
was not allowed to pass in Pennsylvania, and
I gave her a gold dollar for it, to save her from
distress, as she had only this small sum. This,
sir, is the capital of the country, and when I come
here with a good one dollar bill, issued in my
State, am I to be told that I shall not expend it?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will say to the
gentleman, that if the bill is amended as I have
suggested, it will only suppress the circulation of
notes issued in this District, but it will not sup-
press the circulation of bills of the denomination
of five dollars and upwards, issued in other por-
tions of the country.
Mr. CUMMING. "Would it suppress the cir-
culation in this District of New York one dollar
bills?
Mr. JONES. It would.
Mr. CUMMING. Well, that is what I am
opposed to.
Mr. JONES. It would prohibit the circulation
of all notes below five dollars, but would not affect
the circulation, in this District, of notes issued in
the States of five dollars and upwards.
Mr. CUMMING. My opinion is, that that
would be a great inconvenience to the whole trav-
eling community, and to all of us, and I shall
oppose any fuch legislation.
Mr. HAMILTON. Just allow me to say one
woid in reply to the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones.] I do not desire, at this moment, to
enter into a controversy upon the constitutional
principle involved in this bill, or subject. This
bill, Mr. Chairman, was got up with the idea of
suppressing small-note currency in the District of
Columbia. That is the object of this bill. It was
got up with no other object. The committee
recognized the evils that flow from this small-note
currency. We knew it well; and it was to cor-
rect that particular evil that we approved this bill.
If this committee now undertake to enter into a
discussion of all the ramifications of the issue of
paper money; if they undertake to examine into
the power of the Government with reference to
the legislation of Congress for this District; or, if
they are disposed to legislate upon a matter as to
which the Committee for the District of Columbia
has not reported any measure, and which we
know nothing about, where, I ask, is all this to
end ? This bill was framed with the design of
suppressing the circulation of small notes; it was
gotten up for that purpose; its only object was to
correct that evil. We desired that a bill of this
character should pass to meet that exigency; but
nothing more than that. And I am sure that the
gentleman from Tennessee is too sensible of the
merits and the necessity of this bill, to place any
obstacle in the way of its passage; because it cer-
tainly does go to that extent in furtherance of his
ideas and views.
Mr. JONES. Let me ask the gentleman from
Maryland if he does not think that the bill, as 1
propose it shall be, would have the effect of sup-
pressing the small-note currency more effectually
than it would as it now is ?
Mr. HAMILTON. It would not suppress
more effectually the circulation of bills under the
denomination of five dollars, though it would have
the effect of suppressing the circulation of all other
bills. I acknowledge that it would have the latter
effect; but that is not the question now before the
committee. I doubt whether the bill, if amended as
proposed by the gentleman from Tennessee, would
pass the Senate; and, therefore, I desire that, if it
is to be passed at alt, it will be passed as it stands.
It was, as I have said, to meet the exigency of
that particular evil of small-note currency that the
bill was passed by the Senate. And, too, there
are gentlemen of the highest respectability in this
city who are peculiarly interested in this matter,
and we should not take action on it without con-
sideration and examination. The object of the
bill reported by the Committee for the District of
Columbia was, as I have said, to suppress the
pestiferous circulation of small notes, not to in-
terfere with the issue of bills of a larger denom-
ination than five dollars. If it be the desire of the
House to suppress the issue of all notes in this
District, let us at some future day consider the
question, after those who are interested in it have
had notification. Letus, then, determine our legis-
lative responsibility and their rights. I will most
cordially unite with the gentleman from" Tennes-
see in appropriate legislation to remedy whatever
evil may exist. But this bill was originated in no
other idea than to correct the one evil; and I hope,
therefore, that the committee will go on and vote
upon the bill as it stands, one way or the other.
Mr. SKELTON. I should not, Mr. Chair-
man, have made any remarks on this bill, if the
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee had not
been made. That motion meets my approbation
to the fullest extent, and at the same time it mokes
the provisions of this bill appeal to the interests
of the people throughout the United States. For
that reason I cannot forbear making a few re-
marks tm the subject, as I believe that the propo-
sition which has been made is one which is calcu-
lated not only to protect the people of the District
of Columbia from imposition, but is calculated
also to protect the people of the United States from
imposition. We all know the vast amount of this
paper money issued by the banks of Washington
that has been circulated throughout the Union.
The people of the States have been losers to a
much larger amount by the failure of Washington
banks, than have the people of the District of Co-
lumbia; and therefore the evil of permitting indi-
viduals to circulate notes, under the pretense of
having bank charters in this District, and allowing
them to give the impression to the community
abroad, that they have a corporate charter from
the Congress of the United States, is one which
is calculated to impose upon the people of the
States, and to defraud them out of their property.
And, sir, as the bill now stands, without the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee—
which I hope will be adopted—the evil of allow-
ing individuals to circulate notes without the
privilege of the Congress of the United States
creating a currency, will not be put an end to.
Here we have (as the gentleman from Maryland
remarks) associated individuals of high respecta-
bility—doing what ? Manufacturing a currency
of the United States directly in the teeth, and over-
riding the power of Congress and of the Consti-
tution of the United States, issuing a currency of
the District of Columbia for a circulating medium
throughout the United States, in opposition to the
laws of Congress.-and in opposition to the Con-
stitution itself. I hope that Congress will con-
sider this matter, and will proclaim to the people
of the District of Columbia who these associated
gentlemen are who pretend to be men of the high-
est respectability. I know nothing about their
respectability. We have had recently a firm of
the highest respectability—a firm which had
means appropriated to them to pay members of
Congress only two years ago—failing the other
day for I do not know how many millions of
dollars. That was one of the respectable firms
which, a few (lays ago, had a banking institution
in this District in violation of the laws of Con-
gress, and in violation of tbe'Constitution, which
has plundered of millions of dollars not only the
people of the District of Columbia, but the people
of the States. I hope this species of wrong will
be put a stop to.
Mr. CUMMING. I rise to a question of
order. I appeal to the Chair to know if it is in
order for the gentleman from New Jersey to rise
here and abuse absent citizens of this District in
such a manner as that.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was at the
moment engaged in a matter of business with the
Clerk, and did not catch the expression of the gen-
tleman from New Jersey. But, unless the gentle-
man indulged in personalities towards members
of this House, the Chair cannot decide him to be
out of order.
Mr. SKELTON. I did not indulge in any per-
sonalities, nor do I intend to do so, for the firm I
alluded to may have the high respectability which
my friend from Maryland speaks of. He asks
how can we at once prohibit the circulation of
this kind of currency here without giving notice
to these respectable gentlemen that they must stop
the issue of their notes? Are we bound to give
men notice who are issuing bank bills illegally,
that they must stop such issue? If counterfeiters
go to work producing spurious money, and we
wish to punish or put a stop to counterfeiting, are
we bound to notify them before passing a law to
restrain them? No, sir. This transaction of
issuing bills here is illegal. The persons engaged
