90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
in it know themselves that they are violating the
acts of Congress and the Constitution of the
United States, and we are not required to notify
men who are transacting illegal business in viola-
tion of thfl laws of the -country. As an honor-
able member near me suggests, those gentlemen,
when they were going to close their concern, did
not give us notice of their intention to do so; and
as another friend remarks, some of the members
of Congress, who had funds deposited with them,
got no notice that their doors were about to be
closed against them, and hence, men throughout
the Union have been defrauded of their rights.
Mr. CUMMING. I ask the gentleman
whether members of Congress are to be protected
against, or to complain of, losses any more than
other people? Who among us has not been sub-
jected to them ?
Mr. SKELTON. It is a rascally transaction
&11 around.,
Mr. CUMMING. I think it would be more
gentlemanly, and much more honorable to tell
these men to their faces oil this, than to spout it
out among the members of Congress on this floor,
where those who are abused have no opportunity
of vindicating themselves.
Mr. SKELTON. Without entering into a
discussion of this question—because 1 did not
intend to speak upon it when I rose—I will now,
while I have the iloor, make a few brief remarks
ir. explanation of my views of the banking sys-
tem. It is a very appropriate time now to call
the attention of members of Congress to the evils
resulting from the banking institutions throughout
our country. We have at the present time a bank
panic. Our currency is being contracted very
rapidly, and banking institutions which have
heretofore afforded facilities to the commercial
community have suspended those facilities, com-
pelling those under obligations to them to pay
their indebtedness. The result of this movement
on the part of the banks of the various States,
has been to throw out of employment a great
number of mechanics and laboring men. Hun-
dreds of thousands of these men are now walking
the streets of our cities and villages without find-
ing work by which to support themselves, their
wives and children. They are thrown out of
employment without any means of subsistence;
and how has this been brought about? Mainly
by the fluctuating condition of our currency.
If there is any one thing more important than
another to the prosperity of the country, it is the
establishment of a currency which shall be perma-
nent, and one which shall not fluctuate and change
every day of the year. We can have no perma-
nent currency, save that of gold and silver. Bank
paper, in the very nature of things, and from the
necessity of the case, must be a fluctuating one-
must periodically overshadow the country with
gloom and despondency—must periodically para-
lyze the hand of industry, and depress, not only
the value of labor, but the value of real estate, all
over the Union. One year the banks issue a vast
amount of currency, real estate rises in price, and
men are tempted to indulge in speculations and
involve themselves deeply in debt; but when the
day of reckoning comes, and this bank circulation
must be redeemed, the price of real estate then
becomes depreciated, and merchants then, with
store-liouses full of goods, are obliged to pay
debts contracted under the expansion of the cur-
rency. When the currency is depreciated one
half, the result is, that the debtor, under these cir-
cumstances, is compelled to pay, relatively, double
the amount in which he is indebted to his cred-
itor. Goods and real estate, which brought a
large amount a few months before, cannot be sold
in the market for half their former price. Thou-
sands of individuals are ruined periodically by the
fluctuations in the amount of circulating medium
called currency. It is a great curse to the whole
country.
I hail the proposition now made by the chair-
man of the District Committee, to suppress the
circulation of small notes in the District of Co-
lumbia, with pleasure, because it marks a new era
in the history of legislation here, and proclaims the
establishment of what should be the true currency
of our country—a currency that shall prevent the
great misehief that periodically overshadows the
commercial-affairs of the country. Pointing out
the evil, it provides a remedy therefor, 8nd I hope
that Congress will take a step in the right direction
by the passage of this bill, in order that the people
of the United States may reflect and ponder upon
this subject in time to a^ert it, and to prevent an
accumulation of the mischief. I agree with my
friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] that no other
currency but gold and silver should be the legal
currency. The Constitution of the United States
never contemplated that the States should issue a
currency, but it positively forbids them from
issuing bills of credit. If they do it, they violate
the rights of the citizens of the various States, and
every few years rob them of millions of money.
I hope that the amendment of my friend from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] will prevail.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that the com-
mittee rise, with a view of enabling me to offer a
resolution to close debate upon this bill.
Mr. WALSH demanded tellers; which were
not ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration the state of
the Union generally, and particularly the special
order relating to the business of the District of
Columbia, and had directed him to report sundry-
bills, some with amendment, some without amend-
ment, and also that they had had under consider-
ation Senate bill No. 16 " to suppress the circu-
lation of small notes as a currency in the District
of Columbia," and that they had come to no res-
olution thereon.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 move that the debate on
Senate bill No. 16 cease in fiye minutes after the
same shall be resumed in Committee of the Whole.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I now move to suspend the rules,
and that the House resolve itself into theCommittee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The question was taken, and there were—ayes
twenty-six, noes not counted.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question was then taken on Mr. Davis's
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Phelps in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 16," to suppress the
circulation of small notes as a currency in the Dis-
trict of Columbia."
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I give notice that,
on Tuesday, the 16th day of January next, I
shall move to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union for the purpose of taking
up House bill No. 117, being "a bill to provide
for the ascertainment and satisfaction of claims of
American citizens for spoliations committed by the
French prior to the 31st day of July, 1801."
The CHAIRMAN. The question now before
the committee is upon the adoption of the amend-
ment submitted by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Gumming,] to the amendment offered by the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. TAYLOR, ofOhio. I did notintendtosay
a word in reference to this bill, but from the re-
marks which have been dropped in this debate, I
am induced to make a few remarks. It seems to
me that if anything can show the necessity of a
proper banking institution in the District of Co-
lumbia, and the duty of Congress to provide such
a system, the discussion of to-day would show it.
I am not of the opinion of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] who holds that we have
no right, under the Constitution of the United
States, to establish banking institutions either for
the General Government, or for the States, by the
States. Every State in this Union has acted upon
an opposite opinion. By the neglect of Congress
to provide a proper banking system for the District
of Columbia, you have driven the people of the
District—whose sole legislators you are—to the
necessity of establishing some kmd of a banking
institution for themselves.
My friend from Tennessee has done this com-
mittee the favor to refer this committee to an act
of Congress, authorizing the banks of the District
to wind up their business; but he makes the alle-
gation—I have no doubt in good faith, sustained
as he is by the gentleman from New Jersey—that
the present banks in this District, the Bank of
Washington, and the Bank of the Metropolis, for
instance, are without authority of law, is calcu-
lated to do these institutions injury. If they are
banks without authority of law, it is time that the
members of this committee should look into the
subject, and give them a banking system, under
an act of Congress, such as the citizens of all the
States enjoy. I have watched the progress of
this thing for several years, and have made some
efforts to give them a banking institution. A
distinguished member of the Senate from the
State of New York, the Hon. Hamilton Pish,
in August, 1852, introduced into the Senate a bill——
a copy of which I have in my hand—for the pur-
pose of establishing a banking system for this
District. It was presented after mature delibera-
tion, and consultation with others, the object of
which was to give to the District of Columbia a
banking system of as good a character, and as
secure in its foundations, as that established in
the great State of New York, and which is found
to work well there. That system ia based upon
United States stocks, and other specified stocks at
par, and all the notes issued by the banks are
issued under the signature of State authority, and
they are never permitted to go unredeemed.
That is the kind of banking system which the
Congress of the United States are bound, in my
opinion, to give to the people of this District, and
it is the fault of Congress that shin-plasters are
issued here, and scattered all over the United
States. I am opposed to private banking privi-
leges, but I am in favor of a properly regulated
banking system, established by law, under the
Constitution, authorizing the issue of notes always
redeemable, and secured in the mode which the
States of this Union have thought best to secure
them, and found convenient to secure them.
Why not, sir ? Why compel the people of this
District—sixty thousand of them—of whom you
are sole legislators, to take the notes of the banks
of Ohio, Maryland, Virginia, and other States as
a circulating medium ? They do circulate freely
among them. Why do you compel respectable
men here, who are willing to give security for
issuing notes, to take the notes of adjoining States,
which are chartered, if you please, by the State
Legislature ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question recurring upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Simmons, to the amendment re-
ported by the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia, it was put, and agreed to.
The question recurring upon the amendment as
amended,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Would it be in
order, before putting that motion, to move to strike
out from the eighth line the words " of less amount
than five dollars," or would it be in order, after
the amendment is adopted, to move to strike out
those words, with the amendment included?
The CHAIRMAN. Either mode may be pur-
sued.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, as amended, and it was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now move to
strike out all after the words " valuable thing" in
the eighth line, down to the eleventh line. The
words are, " of a less amount than five dollars, or
any other amount, if such amount is payable or
redeemable in anything but gold or silver." The
bill will then read:
"That if any person or persons, body-politic or corpo-
rate, within the District of Columbia, shall make, emit,
issue, utter, sign, draw, or indorse any bank note, promis-
sory note, or any instrument of writing, for the payment or
delivery of money, or other valuable thing-, or of anything
purporting to be a valuable thins, to be used as a paper
currency, or as a circulating medium, either as money, or
in lieu of money, or of any other currency," &c.
It will then prohibit the issuing of any species
of circulating paper medium for this District.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Chairman,desirous that
this bill should pass in the form in which it came
from the Senate, I very much apprehend we shall
lose the object sought to be obtained altogether,
by attempting to accomplish more than the bill
was originally intended to embrace. This sub-
ject came before the Thirty-Second Congress jand
I remember I warned myfriends, who were urging
the passage of a similar bill, by attempting too
much, that they would defeat their object alto-
gether. And so it proved, for the provisions of
the bill became so complicated that when it went
