m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
considered to be oitizens of the United States, with
a proviso that the rights of citizenship shall never
descend to persons whose fathers never resided in
the United States. As it came from the House of
Representatives, the bill contained a second sec-
tion, to the effect that any woman heretofore
married, or who hereafter shall be married, to a
citizen of the United States, should be deemed and
taken to be a citizen. The Committee on the
Judiciary had reported an amendment to strike
out this Beet ion.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I am instructed
by the Committee on the Judiciary to move, as a
substitute for the amendment originally recom-
mended by them, to insert in the second seetion,
after the word " woman," the words " who might
be lawfully naturalized under existing laws."
The amendment contemplated originally by the
committee was to abandon the second section,
which provides for the naturalization of alien
women by intermarriage with citizens. The
committee have revised their opinion on that sub-
ject, and now propose, as a substitute for this
amendment, the one winch 1 have stated. The
effect then will be to adopt the bill as it comes
from the House, only placing.on it the restriction
that, by marriage, the wife cannot be naturalized
unless she could be naturalized by the ordinary
process of law, under other circumstances. That
guard is considered necessary and proper. I am
instructed by the committee to withdraw their
original amendment, and present the one which I
have now offered.
Leave being granted to withdraw the original
amendment, the one now proposed by Mr. Bay-
ard was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
the amendment was concurred in, and ordered to
be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill, as amended, was read a third time, and
passed.
EMIGRANT SHIPS.
Mr. FISH. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill for the better protection of life and health on
board passenger ships. My object in asking to
take it up is to move its recommittal to the select
committee which reported it.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PISH. I now move that it be recommit-
ted to the select committee.
The motion was agreed to.
The special committee which reported the bill
last session consists of Messrs. Fish, Shields,
* Sumner, Hamlin, and Benjamin.
JAMES BUTLER.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider House bill for the relief of James Butler.
It proposes to place his name on the roll of in-
valid pensioners at eight dollars a month from
January 1, 1854.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate, and ordered to a third
reading. It was read a third time, and passed.
INVALID PENSION BILL.
•On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of House bill making appropriations for
the payment of invalid and other pensions of the
United States for the year ending June 30, 1856.
Mr, FESSENDEN. I move to amend the bill
by adding the amendment which I proposed, but
subsequently withdrew, yesterday:
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That the widows of
the officers, non-commissioned officers, marines, or mari-
ners, who served in the Navy of Ihe United Slates during
the revolutionary war, and who were married since the firsi
day of January, 1800, shall be entitled to pensions m the
same manner, and to the same extent, as the widows of
officers and soldiers of the army of the Revolution, under
tlie second section of the act of February 3, 1853; and iho
pensions granted by this act, and those under said seeond
section of the act of February 3, 1833, sLia.it commence on
the 4th of March, 1818.
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to that amendment
I have this to say, that it is adding to a general
appropriation bill what I think ought to be a sub-
ject of independent legislation. if it were in the
form of an independent bill,coming from theCom-
mittee on Pensions, I should probably have noth-
ing to say upon it; because it proposes only to
put on the same footing the widows of naval and
military officers of the revolutionary war. As to
the justice of the measure, I have nothing to say; j
but at the same time it is very important that we
should keep these appropriation bills clear of all
subjects of independent legislation, if it is possible
to do it. For that reason it is, so far as I am con-
cerned, that I am not willing to consent, and can-
not consent, to the addition of such legislation to
this bill. I believe there are not many instances
in which such legislation can be found; but if the
precedent could be found, it ought not to be fol-
lowed. I admit that, as an independent measure,
it proposes to do for widows of naval officers what
has been done for widows of army officers; but
this is not the place for that kind ot legislation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, it is very
evident that,the honorable Senator from Virginia
objects to this amendment merely as a matter of
form. I agree with him as to the propriety of
keeping as many of these amendments from appro-
priation bills as possible; but there are some pecu-
liar cases in which, I think, the rule ought to be
broken over, and this is one of them. It pro
poses to make a provision, which the Senator ad
mits to be just and proper, for a certain class of
widows. He says he is willing to vote for the
provision in an independent bill. So would any
member of this Senate; but if we defer it until
another bill can be acted upon, and then wait until
that bill is passed in the other House, we shall
probably wait to a time when many of the per-
sons proposed to be benefited will be beyond the
reach of any aid to be derived from us.
The bill proposes only to do with regard to the
widows of the officers and men of the revolutionary
navy what has been done for the widows of the
officers of the revolutionary army, and to do with
regard to both what we supposed was to have
been done by the act passed in 1853. It is not
necessary, I suppose, that I should explain the
peculiar character of it. Each member of the
Senate understands it from hearing it read this
morning. It is a matter which I propose not only
in accordance with my own.opinions, but at the
suggestion of ray colleague, who prepared it, I
leave it with each member of the Senate to say
whether it is just, on account of a mere matter of
form—because it is a matter of form after all—to
defer the measure to a time when probably those
proposed to be benefited would derive no benefit
from it.
I will say that, so far as my power goes, I am
willing to aid the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia in keeping out of the appropriation bills
everything, generally, that is not of such a nature
as to require immediate action; but when an
instance of that kind does arise, 1 think it is our
duty to look over a mere matter relating to the
propriety of the course of business, and with
reference to a case which calls for immediate
action, we ought to act promptly, in order that
the action may be available. As therefore my
honorable friend admits the justice and propriety
of the thing itself, and has only suggested—I pre-
sume he deems it his duty to sijggest it—not that
he has any further opposition to the measure
itself on his part—t trust no member of the Senate
will allow himself to be influenced to vote against
the amendment on account of a matter of form.
Mr. HUNTER. I will add that this is some:
thing more than a mere matter of form. It is a
matter of justice in this: If we follow this course
the friends of other measures of legislation which
relate as much to other general appropriation
bills as this measure does to this bill will press
them, and ask the Senate to put them upon gen-
eral appropriations, and how then can we with 1
any justice refuse to do so? They will tell us
that there is this precedent, and that having
done it already in this case, they have as much
title to have their measures attached to the general i
appropriation bills as existed in this case. It is, !
therefore, m some respects a matter of justice. If.
you once vote to depart from the rule, there is no
telling where we shall be led, unless we make an
invidious discrimination, and allow to one class of
claims, or one species of legislation, greater liber-
ality than to another. In that respect it seems to
me that it is a matter of justice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will simply observe,
Mr. President, in reply, that this is not a ques-
tion of justice between members of the Senate as
to what any individual Senator has a right to de-
mand. it is a question of justice as to other indi-
viduals, and if another question should come up
of a similar character, if a number of very aged
people, who are fast dropping into the grave,
should come here with their claims, and the only
objection to relieving them should be, that it could
not be done without putting a provision for their
relief upon a general appropriation bill, I think the
answer to that objection would be clear. If another
question of that kind should be presented by an-
other member of the Senate, I would vote for it
without hesitation; and it would be no answer to
say that it does not belong to that ordinary class
of business which is connected with general appro-
priation bills. I can see no reason for objecting
to an extraordinary case of that kind for that
reason.
Mr. STUART. It seems to me there is an
additional reason why this amendment should not
be placed upon this bill. Some conversation oc-
curred here yesterday between Senators, by which
it was elicited that there is pending a bill, which
has been reported from the Committee on Pen-
sions, upon a similar subject. Now, sir, that bill
can be taken up at any time, and the amendment
suggested by the Senator from Maine would be
very appropriate to it, and I doubt not, if it meets
the approbation of the Senate, that it could be
passed in fifteen minutes at any time. Therefore,
the rule referred to by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance may be preserved in all its
purity, and with perfect propriety, and still the
same justice be done which the Senator from
Maine seeks to have done to these individuals.
There is much force, as amy gentleman will
admit, in the suggestion made by the chairman of
the committee, as to adhering, so far as it is pos-
sible, to the rule of keeping such amendments off
general appropriation bills. There may be at
times very urgent necessity for putting them on;
but, under the circumstances that exist in the
Senate at this time, there is no such necessity, for
the bill to which I have referred can be called up
on the motion of the Senator from Maine, or of
any other member of the Senate, at any moment,
and disposed of, and his amendment can be offered
to it.
Mr. HUNTER. I will say to the Senator
from Maine that I will go with him to take up
the other bill, if he will not press his amendment
upon this bill.
Mr. CHASE. The whole object of the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Maine is to
place the widows of the officers, marines, and
sailors of the naval service of the Revolution, in
precisely the same condition in which the widows
of the officers and soldiers of the military service
are in regard to pensions. The object proposed
is not condemned by any Senator. On the con-
trary, it meets with the approbation of all.
Whether we approve of the extent to which the
pension system has been carried or not, is not now
the question. The simple question is, shall equal-
ity be established between the two arms of the
service ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not wish any mem-
ber of the Senate to vote under a misapprehension.
It goes a little further, and places all those widows
on the same ground as those married previous to
1800.
Mr. CHASE. Do I understand the Senator
as saying that this bill discriminates between the
widows of the soldiers and those of the men engaged
in the naval service ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all; it puts them
upon the same footing. It also makes additional
provision for thoSe of the Army, and that also is
extended to the Navy.
Mr. CHASE. Precisely. It establishes equal-
ity between the two arms of the service, and
equality is equity. I can see no objection to it
now, unless the objection raised by the Senator
from Virginia is a valid one. Now, sir, what ia
our experience upon this subject? There is no
instance of which I am aware, where a session of
the Senate has passed without the rule to which
the Senator from Virginia alludes having been in-
fringed. ^ It seems to have been made for the pur-
pose of infringement. Always there occur cases
in which amendments of this character, and even
private bills, are annexed to the general appropri-
ation bills upon appeals made by Senators to the
Senate. This rule, therefore, which is not one of
our rules, but exists simply in general parliament-
ary usage, is not commonly regarded. This is
a case, it seems to me, in which it should not be
observed if it is not to be observed in every case;
