1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
and this is my reason: If we pass upon this
amendment at this time, and in this form, it will
secure for it the consideration of the other House;
but pass upon it as an independent bill,, and, in
the ordinary course of legislation, the considera-
tion of the other House is not secured. It may
go-to a committee. It may sleep there through
the entire session. It may not be acted upon at
all. It probably will not be acted upon at all;
whereas, if we act upon it in this shape, it will
certainly be acted upon in the same shape in the
House. The objects of the amendment are meri-
torious; I hope, therefore, it will be agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeasand nays
on the amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. BROWN. Before the vote is taken, I
desire simply to say that, understanding there is
no objection to the amendment upon principle,—
no one opposing it because the measure ought not
to be passed,—I cannot consent to vote against it
on a mere technical objection. It seems to me
the only objection is, that it ought not at this time
to be put on this bill. If it is a meritorious propo-
sition—if we ought to pay these pensions—why
not do it in the shortest, and quickest, and most
convenient mode? If we put it on as an amend-
ment to this bill, there is an end of it. You pass
it, and the parties who have just and proper claims
against theGovernmentwillgettheir money. But,
as has been suggested by the Senator from Ohio,
if you pass it in the mode pointed out by the
Senator from Virginia, as an amendment to a bill
which is now on your Calendar, and which, if
passed by the Senate, must go to the other House
for its action, what will be the consequence? The
chances are ten to one that it will not be acted
upon, at least during this session of Congress;
and at another session it will have to come up as
a new proposition. Thus it will hang on, as other
meritorious claims have done, from year to year,
while claimants justly entitled to money—no one
disputing that they are entitled to it—will be
postponed. Thes£ old widows cannot afford to
wait. They have already waited too long, and
having waited on the Government for nearly fifty
years, without receiving this payment for the
services of their husbands, I do not think they
ought to be put off on these technicalities. It may
be, as suggested by the Senator from Virginia,
that it would be more ship-shape to put it some-
where else; but to what does that amount in regard
to the substance of the matter? The substance
is, that we owe the money, and we ought to pay
it. I shall vote to put the amendment on this
bill, because it will secure its passage.
Mr. STUART. I did not intend to give any
opinion as to the propriety of the amendment, for
one of the best reasons in the world. I have
had no opportunity of considering it, nor has the
Senate had such an opportunity. The great
objection to this sort of legislation is, that you do
not get the benefit of an investigation before a
committee, and a report upon the subject; so that
it is not in the power of Senators to understand
the question. I cannot vote upon this amend-
ment understandingly, and I doubt whether there
are five Senators who can. I am not, therefore,
prepared to say that I would vote for or against
it as an independent measure. The question lias
not been examined by one of our committees.
We have no report upon it. The effect of it is
before us. I regard the subject of pensions as
one of the most delicate subjects that can be
" touched by legislation, and I think the history of
our Government, under the system, shows that
we should consider very carefully when we are
asked to adopt a provision of law in respect to
pensions, to see what will be its effect. That
the Senate, as a body, does not and cannot know
in regard to this. .
This reason certainly ought to be sufficient m
itself to prevent my voting m favor of the amend-
ment; and yet a vote against it ought not to be
considered as condemning the substance of the
amendment, for I do not understand it. There is
no time and opportunity to understand it. it does
not, therefore, follow, as suggested by the Senator
• from Mississippi, that there is no objection to it.
None may have been made, for the reason to which
I have alluded. No Senator may have had an
opportunity to so far examine the subject as to
make an objection; but we are now going to vote
in the dark upon it. If, however, it_comes up as
an amendment to a future bill, and it is printed,
so that it can be read and understood, and a day,
or two or three days, be taken to exarifme it, Sen-
ators will then be able to say whether it ought to
be adopted or not. At present, I do not know
whether it should be or not; and, therefore, I
repeat the propriety of adhering to the rule sug-
gested by the Senator from Virginia, of keeping
such subjects off an appropriation bill whenever it
can, with propriety, be done. I alluded to the
existence of another bill, as constituting an ad-
ditional reason why we might with propriety
adhere to that rule.
Mr. BROWN. I did not suppose that any-
body could raise an objection to the substance of
the amendment,and I was confirmed in that opin-
ion after hearing several Senators speak, because
no one had raised an objection to it. Now,-"I sup-
pose there is no Senator here who has not exam-
ined the question as to paying pensions to the
widows of those who served in the Army. Well,
this simply proposes,as I understand it, to extend
the same provision to the widows of those who
served in the Navy. The whole question, then,
is, are the Naval officers as meritorious as thg
Army officers ? Are those who served in the Navy
of the United States as meritorious as those who
served in the Army ? If they are, it seems to me
the whole question is settled; and, having settled
it in favor of the Army class, it follows, as a
necessary consequence, it strikes me, that there
can be no investigation required to settle it in favor
of the naval class.
Mr. ADAMS. I rise to a question of order.
I have no disposition to throw technicalities in the
way; but I understand that, if we adopt rules, the
judgment of the Senate should be governed by
them. I make the point of order that, to offer to
an appropriation bill an amendment to create new
liabilities, and provide for their payment, is in con-
flict with the rules of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The Secretary will read
the rule.
The Secretary read, as follows:
"No amendment, proposing additional appropriations,
shall be received to any general appropriation bill, unless it
be made to carry out the provisions of some existing law,
or some act or resolution, previously passed by the Senate,
during that session, or moved by direction ot a standing or
select comtmttec of die Senate, or in pursuance of an esti-
mate from the Head ol' some of the Departments ; am] no
amendments shall be received whose object is to provide
for a private claim, unless it be to carry out the provisions
of an existing law, or a treaty stipulation."
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is under the
impression that the amendment comes within the
rules, and is in order.
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to the amendment
itself, I will say, in answer to the Senator from
Mississippi, and others, that this is a matter of
substance, and not merely of form. The impro-
priety of tacking—that is to say, of adding—meas-
ures of general legislation to general appropria-
tion bills, haslongago been proved by experience.
It has been pronounced contrary to parliamentary
usage and law by every respectable authority upon
the subject, and has afforded, over and over again,
the subject of disputes between the different Houses
which constitute Legislatures. Why, sir, see to
what it will lead. All are interested in general
appropriation bills. All will agree to make such
appropriations, because they are provided for by
law. But if the House of Representatives send
up such a measure as that, and we tack to it some-
thing to which they are averse, where does it place
them? If we choose to adhere to that amend-
ment, they must either take that which relates
only to matters of general, independent legislation,
against their will, or lose the general appropriation
b?ll. For that reason, it has always been consid-
ered as sound and safe policy to confine appropri-
ation bills to subjects which legitimately belong to
them. The mischievous consequences of this
tacking have always been acknowledged by those
who have had experience in parliamentary afff-
fairs.
I admit that much is to be found in our past
experience to show that we have not adhered to
this rule; but I think we have learned something
from that experience; and, for one,I am disposed
to adhere to the rule, if I can, more rigidly than
ever; and I believe that if we would set out with the
determination to permit nothing to be put upon the
general appropriation bills except matters relating
to laws which have already been passed, and which
legitimately belong to those bills, we could get
along much easier, and our legislation would be
much safer and more conservative. For that reason
I have objected to the addition of this amend-
ment. I think it is eminently a subject which
ought to come from the proper committee—the
Committee on Pensions. If we once begin to act
in this way, I do not see how we are to stop. The
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] said, that
we ought to put the amendment on the bill,
because, if it is not added to it, the House will not
act upon the measure. The same rule would
apply to every subject of general legislation in
which we feel an interest. There are thousands
of as much importance as this—thousands which
appeal as strongly to our sense of justice as this;
and as good a reason will exist for tacking many
other measures, of independent and separate legis-
lation, to appropriation bills, as can be given in
the present instance. I therefore repeat, that this
is something more than a matter of form; and that
the Senate owes it to the general dispatch of busi-
ness, and to justice to the other House, not to
attach this matter of new and independent legisla-
tion to a general appropriation bill.
Mr. BROWN. In reply to the Senator from
Virginia, I desire to say that this, as the Senator
admits, and as everybody knows, is not the first
instance where this thing has been done; and,
though 1 might be willing to go with the Senator,
I do not think this is a good point to commence
upon. Let us commence somewhere else. The
proposition is to give to a most meritorious class
that to which they are justly entitled, and we ought
not to commence the restriction with them. I
think I could remind the honorable Senator of a
case in which he was a warm and zealous advo-
cate for incorporating into a general appropriation
bill a measure which had nothing to do with it.
A number of years ago a dispute arose about the
public printing. The House would not allow
compensation to be made to the public printer.
This body—and I believe the Senator was in favor
of it—inserted in the civil and diplomatic appropri-
ation bill a provision for his relief, and it became
a matter of contest between the two Houses.
Three or four committees of conference were raised
upon it, and I think my friend from Virginia was
one of the last to give way. I did not think that
was right, but the Senator did, and surely such a
case as that was not as meritorious as this. The
public printer has not such a claim upon the grati-
tude of his country as the widows of those who
shed their blood in its service.
Mr. HUNTER. That claim was founded upon
law, or it purported to be founded upon law. This
is a proposition to enact a new law. That may
have been a mistake on the part of those who ad-
vocated it. But they supposed that it was founded
on law, and that was the ground on which they
urged it. They did not, therefore, advocate the
tacking on to an appropriation bill a general act of
legislation which had not a connection with it.
Mr. BROWN. At all events, precedents are
not scarce. The thing has been done, and 1 trust
the Senate will not make this an exception to the
practice which has been observed for a long time.
Mr. WELLER. I believe it has been the usual
practice of the chairman of the Committee on
Finance to resist every amendment which is
proposed to a bill that he may have reported. We
have had the same appeals exactly from the Sen-
ator heretofore. He has made the same attempt
to resist amendments. Now, sir, we have re-
ported to us a bill to provide for the payment of
certain pensions. Amongst other things, it pro-
vides for the payment of pensions to the widows
of the officers and soldiers of the revolutionary
army. The Senator from Maine proposes to add
a provision for the widows of those who served in
the Navy; so that the widows of the officers and
marines of the Navy of the United States shall be
placed upon the same footing as the Army. It
seems to me that, if there is any amendment which
could be proposed to the bill which has been re-
ported by the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, it is the very amendment which has been
offered by the Senator from Maine. The Senator
from Virginia, as well as other Senators who op-
pose the amendment, concede it, as a matter of jus-
tice, that the officers of the Navy should be placed
upon the same footing as the officers of the Army.
There is, then, the simple question, are you will-
ing to makeprovision for the payment of pensions?
Are you willing to extend the provision of that
