m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20.
the manner of transacting business in the Depart-
ments, not one only, but others, also, it seems to me
there can be no special reason for committing it
to the Committee on the Judiciary. At the "same
time, sir, I will say, that I certainly should have
no objection to its going to that committee, if such
be the wish of the Senate. I have as much con-
fidence in the conclusions to which that committee
would come as any member of the Senate can
have, or as I could have in the conclusions of any
committee of the Senate. But, sir, I think this
course had better be pursued for the purpose of
meeting the wishes of the Senator from California.
Let the bill lie over for the present; give an oppor-
tunity for gentlemen to look into it, and see if any
further commitment be necessary; and if it should
be thought so then, upon the suggestions which
may be thrown out in the Senate, let it be recom-
mitted to the same committee to revise and exam-
ine it. I think that would be consistent with the
proper course of the business of the Senate, and
respectful to the committee which has reported
this bill.
Mr. WELLER. I have no desire, of course,
to have this bill committed, unless it be the inten-
tion of the committee who reported it to press it
to a vote to-day. If an opportunity be given—I
should not ask for a longer time than two or three
days—for an examination of the details of the bill,
I shall perhaps attain the object I have in view.
If the Senator from Mississippi is not inclined to
press a vote to day 
Mr. ADAMS. I am perfectly willing to agree
to postpone the bill until Monday, and make it
the special order for that day.
Mr. BADGER, and others. That will be Christ-
mas day.
Mr. WELLER. I am willing that the general
debate should go on to-day; or that the amend-
ments to be presented should be offered to-day,
with the understanding that no final vote is to be
taken; but that the bill shall lie over.
Mr. ADAMS. The committee have no more
amendments to propose.
Mr. WELLER. 1 withdraw my motion to
commit.
Mr. BADGER. I suggest that, instead of pros-
ecuting a debate on a subject on which some of
us are not informed, it woul(J be better to allow
any amendments which gentlemen may wish to
propose hereafter, to be laid on the table infor-
mally, and ordered to be printed; and let the bills
stand over until Tuesday or Wednesday next, as
Monday will be Christmas day, and I know my
friend from Mississippi does not want us to meet
then.
Mr. ADAMS. Certainly not.
Mr. BADGER. I ask that any amendments
which gentlemen wish to propose, may be received
informally, and ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nonius in
the chair.) The Chair understands that there is
one small amendment pending which has been pro-
posed by the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. BADGER. I suppose it is not necessary
to print that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I presume not.
Mr. BADGER. Then I move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until Tuesday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills:
A bill to authorize the issuance of patents to
land in any State or Territory, in certain cases;
A bill supplemental to an act therein mentioned;
A bill for the relief of General John E. Wool;
A bill to change the name of the American-built
brig Como to that of Jehossee, and to grant her
a new register; and
A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue a register to the schooner Sarah.
Which were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore.
MARY RUTHERFORD.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider House billforthe relief of Mary Rutherford,
widow of Samuel Rutherford. It proposes to
instruct the Secretary of the Interior to place her
name on the roll of invalid pensioners, at the rate
of four dollars per month, which is to be paid to
her for five years, commencing January 1, 1854.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness; and,.after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 20, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The Hon. J. W. Whitfield, Delegate from
the Territory of Kansas, appeared, and was duly
qualified by taking the usual oath to support the
Constitution of the United States, and took his
seat.
RIGHTS OP CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES.
Mr. FULLER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was adopt-
ed:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce he instructed
to inquire whether any further legislation is necessary for
the better defining of the rights of citizens of the United
States in ships, vessels, and other property purchased by
them of the citizens or subjects of foreign countries, under
certain circumstances ; and to report by bill or otherwise.
CHARLESTON HARBOR.
Mr. AIKEN, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill;
which was read a first and second time by its
title, as follows, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce:
A bill making a further appropriation for deep-
ening the bar of Charleston harbor.
ENLISTMENTS IN THE ARMY.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to report from the
Committee on Military Affairs a bill to remedy an
accidental and unintentional omission in the law
of the 4th of August, 1854. It is one which 1 am
satisfied will commend itself to the favorable ac-
tion of the body.
Mr. HAMILTON. If bills are allowed to be
reported aifd acted on, they may give rise to
debate. There are only two more days left for
the consideration of the business relating to the
District of Columbia, and we want every moment
of them. Therefore, I am under the necessity of
making objection to the proposition of the gentle-
man from Virginia.
Mr. FAULKNER. Let the bill be read. If
the gentleman will hear its provisions I am sure
he will not object to its consideration and passage
at this time.
Mr. HAMILTON. Let it be read.
The bill was read in extenso; it provides that
the words " non-commissioned officers, musicians,
and privates," in the first section of the act enti-
tled " An act to increase the pay of the rank and
file of the Army, and to encourage enlistments,"
approved August 4, 1854, shall be construed to
include all enlisted men of the Army of the United
States.
Mr. SKELTON. I object.
The SPEAKER. Reports are now in order
from the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMILTON. Several bills are upon the
Speaker's table, reported yesterday from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and I ask that they may be taken up and first
acted on.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SEWARD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to appropriate money to remove
obstructions in tbe Savannah river, and to improve
the navigation thereof; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HUGHES, also by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill making appropriations for work-
ing a steam-dredge on Lake Champlain; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce. i
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. MAXWELL. I ask leave to withdraw
from the files of the House the petitions and
papers in the case of Samuel E. Todd, and also
in the case of Lewis Benedict.
Mr. LETCHER. For what purpose?
Mr. MAXWELL. I do not know for what
purpose the leave is desired.
The SPEAKER. The Chair presumes there
will be no objection if copies are left on the files
of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it not the most
proper course to give leave for copies to be taken
and to retain the originals ?
The SPEAKER. It will be for the House to
give such order as it may see fit.
Mr. JONES. Then 1 hope we shall retain the
originals, and give copies.
Mr. MAXYVELL. I believe it is usual to
withdraw the originals and to leave copies. I do
not see why the usual course should be departed
from in this instance.
Mr. HAMILTON. If there is objection, I call
for the regular order of business.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to having the origin-
als withdrawn. That is not the usual course.
Mr. MAXWELL. I saw papers withdrawn
no longer ago than yesterday.
Mr. LETCHER. They were withdrawn to be
presented in the Senate.
Mr. MAXWELL. I have no objection to
copies being left. I hope the gentleman will not
object to having the papers withdrawn.
Mr. LETCHER. I do object.
Mr. HAMILTON. Then I must insist upon
the regular order of business.
DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA BUSINESS.
Mr. HAMILTON. I ask that the bills reported
from the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union yesterday, may be taken up and put
on their passage; and if there be no objection, I
will ask the previous question upon them all.
There was no objection, and the previous ques-
tion was seconded, and the main question ordered
to be put upon the following bills, some of which
had been reported with, and some without amend-
ments:
A bill to amend an act entitled " An act to es-
tablish an auxiliary watch for the protection of
public and private property in the city of Wash-
ington," approved August 23, 1842;
A bill granting certain additional powers to the
Corporation of Washington; and
A bill authorizing the Washington Gas-Light
Company to increase the capital stock of said
company.
The bills were then severally taken up in their
order, and the amendments reported by the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
having been agreed to, they were ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; arid being en-
grossed, were accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the
following titles, which received the signature of
the Speaker:
An act vesting the title of the United States to
certain lands in the city of Cincinnati;
An act to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue a new register to the schooner Sarah;
An act for the relief of Brigadier General John
E. Wool; and
An act to change the name of the American brig
Como to that of Jehossee, and to grant her a new
register.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that therules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Phelps in the chair.)
SMALL-NOTE CURRENCY".
The CHAIRMAN. The business first in order
before the committee, according to the order of
the House, is the consideration of business relat-
ing to the District of Columbia. At the session
of yesterday, the committee had under considera-
tion Senate bill No. 16, being " An act to suppress
