THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1854.
New Series No. 7.
the circulation of small notes aa a currency in the
District of Columbia." When the committee rose
they were about to pass from the consideration of
the first section.
Mr. GROW. Before we pass from that section,
I propose to amend it. As the bill now stands,
the penalty for issuing any bill prohibited by this
section is ten dollars. That penalty, as the sec-
tion now stands, attaches to the issuance of a bill
for five dollars or upwards. Now, bills of fifteen,
twenty, or twenty-five dollars might be issued,
and the penalty would only be ten dollars; so that
you would provide by this penalty an incentive to
men to evade your law. I move to increase the
penalty to fifty dollars, or say one hundred dollars,
as that will cover any bill that might be issued.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I do not know that
I shall object to a penalty of fifty or one hundred
dollars, or any other sum that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania may suggest. But, on reading over
this section this morning, it strikes me that it is
probably more extensive in its operation than the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Hamilton] in-
tends it to be. If it be intended to enact by this
bill that any gentleman coming here from any
State of the Union shall be subjected to a penalty
of fifty or a hundred dollars for passing a note of
any kind issued in Virginia, or Maryland, or Penn-
sylvania, or Ohio, or New York, or any other State,
I shall have to vote against it; and yet, I never
want to see small bills issued, or bills of any de-
nomination, not immediately redeemable in specie.
The first few lines provide, that if any person or
persons, or body-corporate, in the District of Co-
lumbia, " shall make, emit, issue, utter," and so
forth. Now, it may be a question whether the
word "utter" does not include the passing of a
bill. I am not sufficiently conversant with tech-
nical terms to say if it does or not. But if it
does, I insist that this section will impose a pen-
alty of $100, if the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is adopted, on any individual
visiting this city who offers to pass a ten or twenty
dollar note of any bank in a neighboring State, or
in any State of the Union. Now, that would be
a monstrous enactment., when the States all over
the Union give to their citizens what they consider
a good banking system—acceptable to them—a
currency which is passed by almost every gentle-
man in the country without question, and is re-
deemable in specie; and yet, m this District, we
shall be subjected to a penally of $100 for offering
to pass such bills. If that be the meaning of the
section—and I call upon the gentleman from Ma-
ryland, who has charge of the bill, to state what
he means by the word "utter"—1, for one, shall
vote against the bill, although I profess to be in
favor of the suppression of small notes under the
denomination of five dollars, and in favor of a
good banking system for this District. I believe
that such a system might be adopted within one
hour from this time, if gentlemen of the committee
chose to turn their attention to the subject.
The question now being upon Mr. Grow 3
amendment,
Mr. WALKER demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Boyce and
Bugg were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 49, noes 7G.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GROW. I now move to make the penalty
fifty dollars instead of ten dollars, and 1 do so
merely for the purpose of explaining the reason
why I offered the amendment that has been re-
jected. I refrained from going into an explana-
tion of the matter before, because I had no desire
to occupy the time of the House, thinking that it
would be obvious to every member that, while we
attempt in this bill to suppress the circulation of
small notes in this District, and to prevent the issu-
ing of notes and bills of any denomination, not
redeemable in specie, the penalty of ten dollars,
provided by the bill asit stands now, will not effect
the purpose. For, supposing that instead of bills
of less value than five dollars, bills are issued for
twenty dollars, thirty dollars, or forty dollars, if
a suit be brought against the individual who issues
such notes, the penalty recoverable from him is
only ten dollars.
Mr. HAMILTON. Mr. Chairman, is there
an amendment pending?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] has proposed to amend
by striking out the words "ten dollars," and sub-
stituting in lieu thereof the words " fifty dollars."
Mr. GROW". I have but a word to say on
the point, and that is: Suppose an individual in
this city thinks proper to issue a bill for twenty
dollars of the kind which we wish to suppress,
(the penalty for that offense is ten dollars,) the
offender pays the penalty, and the commission of
the offense leaves him a profit of ten dollars, for he
will have received for his worthless bill twenty
dollars, while he has only had to pay a penalty
of ten dollars. It seems quite obvious, therefore,
that, with the small penalty now provided by the
bill, we cannot accomplish the object at which
the bill is aimed. The penalty provided for the
punishment of an offense should be such as to
hold out no inducement to evade the law; and if
the object of this bill be to suppress a worthless
currency, not based upon a metallic foundation,
we should attach such a penalty to the violation of
the law as would operate as a preventive to such
violation.
In this case the Senate sent a bill in here for the
purpose of suppressing a small-note currency in
the District of Columbia, providing that no bill
of a less value than five dollars should be issued,
under a penalty of ten dollars. The penalty was
then sufficiently great for the purpose. But we
have amended that bill, so as that no bills of any
denomination shall be issued, and we have left the
penalty the same as it was. It was to remedy
that palpable error that I proposed my amendment.
I have no purpose to serve in the matter, but I
think the object of the bill a good one, and
therefore I desire to sec the bill made an efficient
one. One object of the bill being to suppress the
small-note currency in the District, and the other
object being to suppress the issuing of notes of
any amount, redeemable in any way but by gold
and silver, the penalty properly applicable to the
one would be too small for the other, and it was
to meet that objection that I proposed to increase
the penalty.
Mr. HAMILTON. I would remark to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Guow,] and
notify thecommittee.that, when the bill is reported
to the House, I shall move that all the amendments
be voted down, so that we may pass the bill in the
form in which it came from the Senate. We will
thus so far accomplish the object desired by a
large portion of the people of the District, and, I
am 3ure, by a majority of the House—the sup-
pression of the circulation of small notes. We
have gone beyond that over and over again. No
longer than three years ago, there was a bill intro-
duced in this House for the same purpose, and it
was ruined by objections, and by members en-
deavoring to accomplish everything. By passing
the Senate bill as it was sent into the House, we
will accomplish just %vhat we desire.
Mr. GROW. 1 ask the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Hamilton] whether heproposes, when
the bill comes into the House, to move to strike
out all the amendments, and leave the bill to apply
merely to notes of less denomination than five
dollars?
Mr. HAMILTON. I propose doing so. 1
mean to confine the operation of the bill to notes
under five dollars, so that, when we pass it, it shall
become the law of the land. I therefore give notice
to the committee that I am opposed to every
amendment to the bill,so that the bill—if we pass
it as it came from the Senate—shall become the
law of the land.
Mr. GROW. Then I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. M1LLSON. I was going to say that, if
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] were adopted, it would
be necessary to make another material alteration
in the bill; because the bill provides that this
penalty is to be collected before a magistrate,
whereas the jurisdiction of magistrates does not
extend to that amount.
The CHAIRMAN. Further discussion is not
in order, the amendment having been withdrawn.
Mr. WALSH. 1 move the following amend-
ment:
After the word "shall," in Unc seventeen, of the first
section, strike out the rest of the section, and insert in lieu
thereof the following:
—"he deemed guilty of misdemeanor, and shall,on con-
viction, be punished by imprisonment for a term not ex-
ceeding six months, or a fine not exceeding $250, or by
both; at the discretion of the court."
So that the amendment, if so amended, would
read:
—every such person, and every member, officer, or agent
of such body-pulitic or corporate, concerned in, or assenting
to, such maUtn®, emitting, issuing, uttering, signing, draw-
ing, or indorsing as aforesaid, for any of the purposes
aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of misdemeanor, and
shall, on conviction, bo puuished by imprisonment, &.c.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. HUGHES, f propose to amend the first
section of the bill by striking out all after the
word " Columbia," in the twenty-second line.
The remaining words of the section which I pro-
pose to strike out are:
" And on the trial of any such cause, if tile promissory
note, bank note, orother instrument in question, lie, m part
or in lhe whole, printed or engraven, it shall be deemed
sufficient evidence of an intention to put the same into_ cir-
culation, in violation of this act, unless the contrary be
shown."
Now, sir, the offense against which this bill is
directed is not an intent to utter. It is the uttering.
Yet, in order to throw the onus of proof on the
defendant, these lines are inserted in the bill. I
think they are entirely unnecessary, and only
serve to complicate this matter. It is not like the
ordinary penalty prescribed in cases of forgery
and counterfeiting, where the having a bill in
possession, with intent to utter, is made a crime
by the statute; bccause in the balance of this first
section, which precedes this clause, the intent to
utter is not made an offense. It is the uttering
which constitutes the offense.
The latter clause of the section which I propose
to strike out, recites that the bill or instrument in
question, being in whole or partly engraved, it
shall be deemed sufficient evidence of an intention
to circulate. The intent is not the offense charged,
and, therefore, this clause is mere verbiage. The
conclusion 1 arrive at in regard to this matter is,
that it would be best to strike out that portion of
the bill, so as to relieve it from all embarrassment,
and it being a penal statute, the onus should
not thus be thrown on the defendant, particularly
where the intention to utter is not the offense
charged.
Mr. SIMMON'S. A single word. It is ob-
vious to every lawyer that a penal statute has noth-
ing to do with the intention.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must call the
gentleman from New York to order, as his colleague
has already spoken in favor of the amendment.
Mr. HAMILTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment.
The question was taken upon Mr. Hcgiies's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Section two was then read as follows—the
words in italics being the amendment reported by
the committee:
Sec. 2. Jlmlbe it farther enacted, That it shall be un-
lawful for any person or persons, body-politic or corporate,
to pa?s, or ofier to pass, within the District of Columbia,
any bank note, promissory note, or any instrument in writ-
ing of a loss denomination or amount than five dollars, or
of the denomination or amount of five dollars and upwards,
p.iyallc or redeemable in bank or other notes, or any other
thing, exccpt gold or silver, either as money, or m lieu of
money., or of any other currency j and any other person or
persons, and every member, officer, or agent of such body-
politic or corporate, violating the provisions of this section,
shall forfeit and pay a sum of not less than five nor more
than ten dollars lor every such offense, one half to the use
of the person who shall sue therefor, and the other half to
the useof the county of Washington, District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 ask the committee to
disagree to the amendment.
