THE CONGRESSIONAL.GLOBE.
December, 20,
x   s
The question was taken; and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I propose to
introduce the following amendment as a separate
and independent section, to come in after the
second section:
jtnd be it further enacted, That any person or persons,
fcody-poJitie or corporate, and every association of indi-
vidual persons, and persons composing such association,
that heretofore have issued any bank bill or check, or
promissory note, intended for circulation as money, or any
other instrument In the similitude of a banfc bill, or pur-
porting to be a bank bill, or shall hereafter issue such bill,
cheelc, note, or instrument, shall, after due presentment
and demand of payment, neglept or refuse to redeem the
same m gold or silver any su£h bill, check, or note, the
person or persons, body-politic or corporate, or associations
of persons, and each and every of them, who made, emitted,
issued, uttered, signed, drew,or indorsed the same, and all
persons interested in the issuing of the same, shall foiever
after such refusal be precluded from issuing, or causing
or procuring to be issued any bill, note, check, or other m-
<■ Btrument purporting to be a bank bill, or to beusrd as a
circulating medium, and every person who shall sign,
make, issue, or emit, or cause to be signed, issued, or
emitted, any such bill, note, or check, after *uch suspen-
sion, or refusal, or neglect to ledeem as aforesa.d, shall be
deemed guilty ot felony; and, on cnnviclion, shall be im-
prisoned in the penitentiary of tho District of Columbia not
less than one nor moro than two years.
The object of the amendment is to prevent banks
from suspending for a time, and then resuming
operations again. It has not bsen an uncommon
thing for banks to suspend, and then they, or their
agents, would buy up their bills at a great discount,
and, after they purchased all their bills, then re-
sume their business again. Such a fraud as that
ought to be prohibited and made a felony.
Mr. MILLSON. I have only to say that i
greatly desire to adopt the suggestion of the
chairman of the committee to vote down all these
amendments, and pass the bill as it came from the
Senate. There is very important business re-
lating to the District of Columbia to be considered
in committee, and the sooner we get through this
bill the better.
In reply to the suggestion of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Perkins,] that the object of this
bill is to prevent banks in the District, which have
8uspended,from issuing notes, I would say farther,
that there are no banks in the District at all.
There are individuals issuing notes, and I sup-
pose these individuals have a right to issue and
reissue them, but there are no banks here; and I
trust that there will be none created, I desire to
suppress the circulation of paper money as much
as possible. I think that we should heed the
admonition of an ancient philosopher, that when
you wish to get your hands out of a narrow
necked jar, having grasped too many filberts, the
b«st plan is to relinquish some, that you may at
least secure what you can conveniently take. In j
this case, the best plan is to uct upon that wise
advice, and take the bill as it came fiom the Senate.
Let us suppress the circulation of small notes, and
be content with that for the present. Hereafter
we may be able to strike at the existence of these
unchartered banks.
The question waa taken upon Mr. Perkins's
amendment; and it was rejected,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would li^e
to inquire whether the second- section has been
passed upon by the committee/1
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment reported
by the committee, and printed "in italics, has been
stricken out.
The Cierk then proceeded to read the fourth,
fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth,sections.
/- The CHAIRMAN, The Committee for the
1 District of Columbia propose to strike out of the
> ninth section the words "first day of November
; next,5' and to insert in lieu thereof the words " the
first day of February next."
The section now reads as follows:
Sec. 9. *dnd be it further emitted, That this act shall be
In force from and after the first day of November next, and
that so much and such parts of ail formervaets qj> may by
repugnant to this act be, and tiiesame a/e hereby, repealed.
Mr. HAMILTON.
will be voted down.
Mr. CUMMING. Is it now in order to move
to amend any one of the sections which the Clerk
has just read ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not. It would have
been had any gentleman risen in his seat, as the
Clerk proceeded, and stated that he desired to offer
an amendment. Na member having indicated
well a wish, the sections have been passed by,
1 hope that amendment
with the exception of the ninth, to which an
amendment is in order.
Mr. CUMMING. I did not understand that
the sections were passed by, as the Clerk pro-
ceeded, otherwise 1 should have offered an amend-
ment before.
Mr. BRIDGES. I would ask the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Hamilton] whether this bill
was not reported at the last session?
Mr. HAMILTON. It was.
Mr. BRIDGES. And was not the " first of No-
vember," m the bill, designed for last November?
Mr. HAMILTON. It was.
Mr. BRIDGES. Well, if these words are left
in the bill, the bill will not take effectuntil the first
of next November, i prefer that the bill shall take
effect from the first of February or the first of
March. It will suspend the operation of the bill
too long to allow the words " the first day of No-
vember " to remain in the bill.
Mr. HAMILTON. This bill was reported at
the last session of Congress, at about this !ime in
the session. Those words were then inserted
upon the urgent request of gentlemen from George-
town, who were interested in this matter. Then
there was no law in existence for the suppres-
sion of the circulation of small notes in the Dis-
trict, and the Corporations of Georgetown and
Alexandria had then a large amount of small notes
in circulation. The Senate decided to give those
corporations until the first day of November then
next, in which time to redeem their circulation.
That circulation is based, I think, upon stocks;
and the question is, whether, if this bill goes into
immediate operation, which requires that their
notes shall be paid in gold and silver, they would
be able to conform to the requirements of the law
in that respect. That is the idea which suggests
itself to my mind at this time. I desire that as
early a day as possible shall be fixed upon for this
act to go into effect. To give some reasonable
time, would relieve those corporations from great
inconvenience.
Mr. BRIDGES. I move to amend the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee for the District
of Columbia, by striking out the words " the first
day of February next, "and inserting in lieu thereof
the words " three months after the passage of this
act."
The question was taken upon the amendment of
Mr. Bridges, and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee for the District
of Columbia,
Mr. WALSH said: I move to amend that
amendment by providing that the act shall go into
ei'i'ect immediately.
It is well known that there is no scarcity of
money in the District of Columbia. One hundred
thousand dollars in gold are paid out weekly in this
city to the employees of the Government, and in
numberless instances they go to the brokers, and
palm them off for these shin-plasters, and at a
large profit to themselves.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to the amendment was not agreed to.
The question was then taken on the pending
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CUMMING. I move to amend the ninth
section, by inserting therein the words, " the first
day of November, 18G0." I move the amend-
ment merely to afford me an opportunity to make
a few remarks.
Gentlemen on this floor seem to be frightened
about something—panic-struck. Perhaps their
fingers may have been burned. Men of business
are accustomed to that. Failures m business in
less stringent monetary times than these happen
every day in commercial life. But if members of
Congress, by chance, lose a few dollars through
a bank here, the v,'hole Congress—no, I hope not
the whole—come down upon those connected
with, or managing these institutions, and call
them out by name, with derision and msult, upon
this floor.
A Voicr. Members of Congress cannot afford
any loss.
Mr. CUMMING. I know well by experience
that gentlemen here cannot afford to lose anything,
for they do not receive enough to justify it.
But there is more to be said. I stated yester-
day that it was absurd to dream of carrying on
the commerce of ^his. country with the use merely
of golct%ntI1jiIver*as"a circulating medium', it is i
worse than absurd. Go to the chambers of com-
merce in yourfjrincipal cities, composed of Whigs
and Democrats, and they will tell you that it ia
worse than absurd. I am known as a Democrat
of the very worst kind, that is, of the strrngest
kind. None who know me can doubt but that I
am one of the strictest sect; but I am not afraid
to express my candid sentiments upon points like
this, with freedom.
The existing tariff brings into the vaults of the
Government more money in gold and silver than
is demanded by all of its expenditures. What is
to be the result? If the present tariff, then, con-
tinues in existence, it is fair to presume that the
whole of the precious metals will be absorbed
by the Government, and lay unemployed in the
Treasury vaults. Yet, in the face of this startling
fact—that gold and silver are to be withdrawn
and shut up from daylight in our Government's
coffers—we are to say that no other currency shall
be used in commercial transactions but gold and
silver. If such be made the law here, it $ill be
followed in other places. I understand from a
gentleman from Missouri that they have now a
batik in that State (which may answer in a non-
commercial district,) which pays out nothing but
gold and silver. In my judgment, if you ordain,
while continuing a tariff that brings all the gold
and silver into the Treasury vaults, that commerce
shall be carried on only by metallic currency, ruin
will be the consequence to the country. The mat-
ter is clear to every man. None can doubt that,
unless the tariff be reduced, we shall soon have
all the gold and silver in the hands of the Govern-
ment. How then will gentlemen carry out their
golden dreams?
The inconvenience arising from this law is one
of the most important objections which I have
to urge against it. Members of my family have
been insulted in Maryland because thay offered
New York bills (far better than any of their
own notes) in ordinary shopping. They were
threatened with being brought before a magis-
trate. And here, by this bill, you authorize the
fining or imprisonment of anybody who offers
a bill in trade of a less denomination than five dol-
lars. How is that amount fixed ? Is it any better
than the amount of four dollars? Why do you not
say that no notes shall circulate of a less denom-
ination than six dollars? This bill ought not to
pass this body. You assume more than the
Queen of Rngland, or the Czar of Russia dare
assume, when you say that the people of this Dis-
trict shall, in commerce, just do so, and not other-
wise, under a penalty of fine and imprisonment;
when you say that they may pass a five dollar
bank bill but not one for four dollars and seventy-
five cents.
Mr. WALSH. My friend and colleague has
informed the House that he is one of the worst
kind of Democrats.
Mr. CUMMING. Not so bad as you.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WALSH. The slightest doubt entertained
by the House in reference to that subject has been
entirely dispelled by his speech. [Laughter.] I
trust that his amendment will not pass.
Mr. CUMMING, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
On motion by Mr. HAMILTON, "the bill for
the condemnafion Of land, &c., for the Washing-
ton aqueduct" was informally passed over.
METROPOLITAN RAILROAD.
The title of the nest bill in order on the Calendar
was read by the Clerk, as follows:
A bill allowing the Metropolitan railroad to
extend into the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes.
The CHAIRMAN, If there be no objection,
the first reading of the bill ,v;ll bo dispensed with.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill hi
extenso.
The bill %vas then read by sections for amend-
ment.
Mr. CRA1GE. I propose to amend (he second
section, in the sixth line, by inserting after the
word " waysf"~the words "'excluding Pennsyl-
