1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
vania avenue and the other avenues," so that the
section will then read:
That the said Metropolitan Railroad Company shall
likewise have power, and they are hereby fully invested
wi*h thp «ame, for conducting, making, and continuing
their said road,through the cities of Georgetown and Wash-
ington, by such streets, avenues, or ways, excluding Penn-
sylvania .lycuue and the other avenues, as may be found
most expedient by the president and directors of said com-
pany, and upon such terms, conditions, and restrictions, as
may be agreed upon with the corporate authorities of said
ciues respectively, to or near the depot of the Baltimoie
and Ohio Railroad Company in said city of Washington,
and, with the consent of the corporate authorities thereof,
to any other point that may be deemed most advisable and
may be agreed upon as a depot, and thence to the Navy-
Yard, or to any point on the Potomac river, in said District
of Columbia.
Mr. HAMILTON. It seems to me that that
amendment is entirely too broad. The road must
pass through or cross some avenue if it comes
into the city. It seems to me that if we under-
take the restriction so broad as the gentleman's
amendment would indicate, we shall find ourselves
involved in the same difficulties that have occurred
in New York and other cities. I am perfectly
willing to exclude Pennsylvania avenue, but it
seems to me that we should not except all the
avenues.
Mr. HAVEN. I would suggest that it would
be well to exclude also the public squares, except
with the consent of the President of the United
States.
Mr. HAMILTON. I have no objection to that..
I-move the following as a substitute for the amend-
ment, offered by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, and which I hope he will accept. I move to
add, at the end of the section, the following pro-
viso:
Proudcd, That the same road shall not rro«q or pass
through Pennsylvania avenue or any of the public squares
•or reservation^.
Mr. CRAEGE. I accept the amendment in
lieu of the one f offered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the committee which reported this bill one
or two questions. 1 wish to know, in the first
place, whether the privileges and immunities
granted by the Maryland Legislature to the Me-
tropolitan railroad extend within the Corporation
of Washington so as to permit them to come
through the city with locomotives, or whether the
right of the corporation to regulate that matter is
reserved?
Mr. HAMILTON. The bill provides that the
road shall be subject to wuch regulations as the
corporation shall prescribe within ita limits.
The matter is entirely within the control of the
municipal authorities.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then am I to understand
that under the authority of the State of Maryland
the railroad company will not have the power to
run their cars through the city at full speed ?
Have the corporate authorities power to prescribe
that they shall run through the city with horses?
Mr. HAMILTON. Certainly. If the road
cornea into the city of Washington, it is to come
under whatever restrictions the city may see fit to
impose.
Mr. SIMMONS. Now, I desire to know one
thing further. Have the city authorities the power
to impose such restrictions as shall be necessary
to guard against danger from fire, or against the
injury or destruction of the public property'
Mr. HAMILTON. We have provided for
that in the amendment which has been just
adopted.
Mr. FLORENCE. I earnestly hope that there
will be some provision made to-regulate the speed
with which the cars are to be allowed to pass
through the streets of the city, or anywhere
within the exclusive jurisdiction of the General
Government. We are already suffering greatly
from the influence of steam in the District of
Columbia, and I hope we shall not allow steam
engines to come within the limits of the city.
Mr. PRINGLE. Oh, adopt the Philadelphia
regulation.
Mr. FLORENCE. I want that horses shall
be used instead of steam, upon the road within
the limits of the city.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, i rise to a question
of order. There is no proposition before the
committee upon which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania can speak.
The CHAIRMAN. The five-minute rule has
not been adopted, and is not now in force.
Mr. FLORENCE. It seems that gentlemen
do not want me to let off steam. [A laugh.]
Mr. HAMILTON. No, not just now.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, if they will protect
me from it in the District of Columbia, I will take
my seat. [Laughter.]
Mr. IIAYEN. I think the bill should contain
the ordinary clause reserving to Congress hte
power toalter, modify, or repeal the act.
Mr. HAMILTON. Yes, put that in.
Mr. WALSH. I would ask the chairman of
the Committee for the District of Columbia,
whether there is any limit as to the charge per mile
for carrying passengers?
Mr. HAMILTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. WALSH. 1 understand that the State of
Maryland receives half a dollar for every passen-
ger carried over this Washington branch road,
and the consequence is that passengers have to
pay more than five times what they pay on the
best roads in the State of New York.
Mr. HAMILTON. Yes, but there is no such
capitation tax upon this road.
Mr. HAVEN. I now offer the following
amendment as an additional section:
ftr.r. 5. Jind he il fut tkercnaetcd, That Congress reserves
to itself the right to change, alter, repeal, or annul this act,
or any part thereof, at its pleasure.
Mr. HAMILTON. That is right.
Mr: IIILLYER. Is it in order now toofTeran
amendment to the second section of the lull?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not. The second
section of the bill has been passed. The bill has
been considered by sections, and as each section
has been passed, the Chair has so announced.
Mr. SEYMOUR. 1 would suggest to the gen-
tleman that he can, probably, accomplish his pur-
pose by moving an additional section. My own
impression is, that the second section does not
sufficiently provide for control over the speed that
shall be allowed, and the manner in which the
road shall be conducted through the city.
Mr. HILLYER. I was drawing up an amend-
ment, and had nearly completed it, when the
chairman announced that the second section was
passed.
The CHAIRMAN. Perhaps the gentleman's
amendment can come in as an additional section.
The question was then taken on Mr. Haven's
amendment; and it was adopted.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I would now propose an
amendment—one which I have not drawn up with
much care—for the purpose of bringing the sub-
ject to the attention of the committee. The
^ amendment is in these words:
! Sue. 6 Jlnd be it further cnaolctl. That the corporate
amhouties of the cities of Washington anil Georgetown
may regulate the manner m,and the speed at which ears
may pass within the respective limits of said oities.
Mr. HAMILTON. If I mistake not, that
power ia already conferred in the second section
of the bill. Here it is: " Upon such terms, con-
ditions, and restrictions as may be agreed upon
•by the corporate authorities of said cities," and
so forth. However, 1 have no objection to the
amendment, if there is any doubt as to the con-
struction which may be put upon that second sec-
tion.
Mr. EIILLYER. I desire-to propose an amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
j Connecticut, to the efi'ect that the corporate au-
thorities of Washington and Georgetown may
also determine through what streets and avenues
this road shall pass.
The OI-IAIUMAN. Will the gentleman re-
duce his amendment to writing?
Mr. IIILLYER. I will do so.
Mr. COBB. 1 move to amend the amendment
of the gentleman from Connecticut by adding the
words, " provided said speed shall not exceed the
rate of six rrules an hour."
Several Members. Say four miles an hour.
Mr. COBB. Very well. I will make it four
miles. That is speed enough.
Mr. HAMILTON. Oh, I hope there will be
no such provision as that put in the bill.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman from Connecticut
proposes to give the corporate authorities power
to regulate the speed. Who own the stock in this
road ? Why, the very men who control this cor-
porate authority, of course; and you might just as
well give the stockholders complete power, with-
out any restriction, as give it to the corporate au-
thorities. 1 hope the gentleman from Connecticut
will accept my amendment. Four miles an hour
is quite fast enough. It is as fast as the cars are
allowed to pass through any city.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Cobb] tp the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Seymour.]
Mr. HILLYER. If I understood the Chair
correctly, the amendment which I offered—and
which has been passed by the Chair—was taken
notice of and properly recognized.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was waiting
for the gentleman to reduce his amendment to
writing.
Mr Hillyer's amendment was submitted, aa
follows:
And that the corporate authorities of Washington and
Georgetown also determine on what avenues ami streets
the baid road be laid.
Mr. COBB. I suggest that that amendment
conflicts with the amendment of the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Craige,] because the
latter declares that the road shall not pass through
such and such avenues and public grounds, and
the amendment of the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. HillyerJ proposes to give the corporations
complete control of that matter.
Mr. HILLYER. Well, I will modify my
amendment to suit the views of the gentleman
from Alabama, by inserting " except Pennsylva-
nia avenue and the public squares and reserva-
tions."
Mr. COBB. I would much rather that the
amendment of the gentleman from North Carolina
shall be allowed to stand.
Mr. HILLYER. The modification to which I
have assented will leave the amendment of the
gentleman from North Carolina in full force and
unaffected.
The amendment as modified was read, as fol-
lows:
And that the corpoiatc authorities of Washington and
Georgetown also determine on what avenuea and street*
said load shall he located, except Ponnsylvamaavenue and
the public squares and reyetvauon*.
The question was put on Mr. Hillyer's amend-
ment; and it was rejected.
Mr. COBB. If it be a proper time now, I sub-
mit the amendment that I have indicated.
The amendment of Mr. Cobb to the amend-
ment of Mr. Seymour was reported, as follows;
Provided, That the speed within the limits of said cities
shall not exceed five miles an hour.
The question was taken; and the amendment to
the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Sey-
mour;] and the amendment was adopted.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the preamble
to the bill.
Mr. W ALSO. f move to strike out the enact-
ing clause of the bill.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the bill be
laid aside to be reported to the House, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
TAXATION IN GEORGETOWN.
House bill No. 517, authorizing the corporate
authorities of Georgetown to impose additional
taxes, and for other purposes, coming up next in
order on the Calendar, was read by the Clerk.
The first section of the bill provides that the
May or,Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Council
of Georgetown, be authorized and empowered to
lay and collect a special annual tax of seventy-fire
cents, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
upon every hundred dollars of property by law
taxable within the corporate limits of said town,
in order to meet the engagements recently assumed
by said town in subscribing to the stock of the
Metropolitan Railroad Company; and the tax is
pledged to secure the engagements, and shall, in no
event, be applied to any other object; and the like
remedy shall be used for the recovery thereof as
is now used for the recovery of other public taxes
in said town.
The second section provides that the Corpora-
tion of Georgetown shall have full power and
authority to introduce into said town a supply of
water for the use of the inhabitants thereof, and to
