1584.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
I do not make these suggestions for the purpose
of pressing the House _iu opposition to the bill,
but because I live in a city which sometimes gets
restive under the salutary restraints which the
Legislature puts upon it, and it is well that all
cities should be held in wholesome subordination
at times. The power of numbers, perhaps, in
some instances, and in cases of this kind, should
be a little modified by the rights of the men who
hold property, and have to pay the taxes. I am
willing, sir, that a majority in all legislation of a
general kind should control, where that majority
may not take away vested private rights without
compensation; but in this case, we propose to
confer the power, without limitation or restraint,
upon the common council of Georgetown to take
away, if they please, the property of those who
own it, by taxation, without giving such property-
owners any power or any chance to defend them-
selves, or protect their rights. I doubt not the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Hamilton] will
be able to tell the House whether he has authority
from this corporation to frame this bill as it is. If
he has not, I shall vote against the bill.
Mr. HAMILTON. In reply to the gentleman
from New York, I will state my general recollec-
tion in reference to the history of this bill. I was
not here when it was reported to the House. W e
were, however, waited upon by the corporate au-
thorities of the city of Georgetown, and by other
respectable and influential citizens, who earnestly
pressed upon us the adoption of the proposition
contained in this bill. They represented that it
was a matter of themostvital importance to them,
both as a city and as individuals, that this great
channel of communication should be constructed.
It is a great channel of communication. It is a
route, so far as respects the travel of the West,
which cuts off a large triangle in the ordinary route
of travel. It is forty-five miles nearer the West
than the route by way of the Relay. It saves to
the people of the West four or five hours travel by
railroad. It is also important to this city in se-
curing the trade of the Cumberland valley during
the entire season, and which is now directed in
another direction during the winter, when the canal,
through which the city receives it in the summer
season, is closed up. These considerations ad-
dress themselves to the citizens of Georgetown,
and they address themselves to the citizens of
Washington, and also to those who come here
from the West.
Mr. BRIDGES. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question, the answer to which will, in some
manner, control my vote. Does the chairman of
the Committee for the District of Columbia know
of any citizens of Georgetown who are opposed
to this measure ?
Mr. HAMILTON. I have not heard of a
single individual in Georgetown who is opposed
to it. The bill has been before the House since
the beginning of the last session. Gentlemen of
influence and respectability have, at various times,
been before our committee to ask its passage, and
there was no controversy between them. They
were unanimous for the measure. A memorial,
presented to the council of Georgetown, instruct-
ing them to go for the proposed subscription, was
laid before us. The signers were so numerous
that we felt no desire to count them. In obedience
to their instructions, they have come to Congress
and now ask the passage of this bill.
I shall not bandy the word " democracy" with
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Flor-
ence.] I hope that in my service here I have
convinced members that I am at all times con-
trolled by, and prepared to vote for, Democratic
principles and measures. But I desire to do jus-
tice to all men. No narrow view, er prejudice,
can affect me when I learn the unanimous wish of
these people. If they desire this great line of
communication, I shall be the last man here to re-
fuse it to them.
Mr. FLORENCE. Did the gentleman say
he would not bandy the word " democracy" with
me?
Mr. HAMILTON. Yes, sir, I said so.
Mr. FLORENCE. Did the gentleman mean to
intimate that I had prejudices other than Demo-
cratic ones? [Laughter.]
Mr. HAMILTON. No, sir. I know that the
gentleman is a Democrat; but we will not toss the
word between us.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have a pretty good cer-
tificate of my Democracy granted at the last elec-
tion. [Laughter.]
Mr. HAMILTON. Thereasons which I have
stated were the ones operating on the Committee
for the District of Columbia m reporting this bill.
I feel no other interest in the matter than to gratify
the wishes and desires of the people of George-
town. If I supposed that the bill was in opposi-
tion to their views and desires, and their interests,
I should be unwilling to advocate, or vote for it.
Now, as to the second section. That section
gives power to the Corporation of Georgetown to
introduce water for the use of the people there. Is
it necessary for me on this floor to appeal for the
confeiring of that authority ? After we have re-
fused to supply them with water, shall we refuse
them the authority to supply themselves? They
desire the provision individually, and as a cor-
poration; and with the lights which I have now
before me, I can see no good reason for prevent-
ing the gratification of that desire.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Chairman, I have but a
few words to say on the proposition before the
committee; and but for the remarks of the gentle-
men from New York and Maryland, I should have
contented myself with a silent vote. The gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Haven] seems to put
this legislation on the ground that if a majority
ask it, it should be granted. I put it on no such
ground. It is legislation, in my opinion, which
is against the vital principles of this Government.
You authorise one setof citizens to put theirhands
into the pockets of another set, and to take money
for the purpose of private speculation. It is against
the great essential doctrine of a free Government—
that you can take money from a citizen without
his consent for any other purpose, than that for
which Governments are instituted, the protection
of the [ife, property, or health of the citizens.
Now, here is a railroad enterprise—for what pur-
pose? It is, of course, engaged in as a private
speculation. Private gain Is the moving cause.
Now, can a majority of your citizens, on any
principle of justice, equity, or right, take from
the minority any of their money for such a purpose
without their consent? It confers on a portion of
citizens the right to which, under any principle of
justice, they are not entitled. You allow the Cor-
poration of Georgetown to take from a minority
there, and without their consent, their property,
for the purpose of applying it to individual private
gain; it is legislation which the Congress of the
country, while claiming to act on principles of jus-
tice, equity, and right, ought never to allow to go
upon its statute-book. The authorizing of such
municipal corporations to do these things is, in my
judgment, against sound principles of legislation,
whether indulged in by Legislatures of States, or
any other legislative body. Certainly the Con-
gress of the United States should be the last body
to set the example. If the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Hamilton] could assure the committee
that it was the unanimous wish of the people of
Georgetown to have this authority conferred, it
would be some palliation; but the principle of legis-
lation is equally pernicious and wrong. It is a
wrong on the minority when they do not consent;
it is a bad precedent when they do. It is bad
legislation in either case. For this reason 1 am
opposed to conferring such power on any corpo-
ration, here or elsewhere.
Mr. C0I5B. Mr. Chairman, I do not rise for
the purpose of speaking for or against the meas-
ure, but to submit a motion; for 1 see from the
demonstration just given, that we are getting to
sea in the discussion. Political questions which
have been agitating the country for many years,
havealready been introduced and discussed. Some
Democrats who believe that the people doubt their
democracy, make it more substantial by Bun-
combe speeches. I do not intend disrespect to any
gentleman. [Laughter.]
1 move that the committee do now rise, with a
view of offering a resolution in the House for the
close of debate on the bill now under considera-
tion.
Mr. WALSH. Is not that a Buncombe
speech ? [Laughter.]
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly the special order relating
to business of the District of Columbia, and had
directed him to report back Senate bill No. 16,
and House bill No. 516, with amendments, and
that it had come to no resolution on House bill
No. 517, allowing the Metropolitan railroad to
extend into the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes.
Mr. COBB. I move the usual resolution, to
close debate in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, on the bill allowing the
Metropolitan railroad to extend into the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes, in five min-
utes after its consideration shall be again resumed
in committee.
The question was taken;and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. COBB. I move that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House thereupon resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Piielps in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The bill before the com-
mittee, is one allowing the Metropolitan railroad
to extend into the District of Columbia, and for
other purposes.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. In the five minutes,
to which debate on this bill has been confined,
1 desire to say something in behalf of the people
of Georgetown. I do not recognize the opinion
expressed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Grow,] as one that ought to control a wise
legislator anywhere. If I understood the gen-
tleman correctly, he said that where there was
any opposition to a great public measure, that
even if there were five men in the Corporation of
Georgetown opposed to this proposition, it should
be abandoned because of the want of unanimity.
We should never legislate for anybody if we
were to wait for entire unanimity. If we were to
wait for entire unanimity of the people of such
a city as Georgetown, we should never act on
questions touching their interests and prosperity.
Now to the facts: I understood the honorable
chairman of the Committee for the District of
Columbia to say that the Common Councils of
Georgetown called on his committee at the begin-
ning of the last session, and, without a dissenting
voice, asked that this bill might pass. There
never was an appeal for any measure more uni-
versally made than for this one now under con-
sideration. The advantages to accrue to George-
town by the construction of a railroad connecting
with the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, and with
Frederick and Hagerstown, are so great and ap-
parent, that during an acquaintance of some six
or seven years with its people, I have never heard
any opposition to it. And as to the authority
given by this bill to enable them to pay the interest
upon their subscription to that road, and to enable
them to supply their city with water, I shall give
my vote to furnish that authority with great
pleasure, as I shall for any measure for the benefit
of the cities of Washington and Georgetown.
Sir, they ought to be allowed to supply themselves
with water, if we do not supply them from the
funds of the General Government. They live in
the District of Columbia, where they have no vote
for a member of this House, or for the President
of the United States, and have no influence here
except by appealing to our sense of justice and
right. We are their exclusive legislators, and it
becomes our duty to deal liberally with them. I
therefore hope the House will not hesitate to grant
the request which is now asked, and to reject the
amendment now pending.
Mr. LETCHER. What is the amendment
pending ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is to strike out the
first section.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to amend the
section which it is proposed to strike out ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order to perfect
the section before the question is taken upon strik-
ing it out.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, I propose to
amend by inserting after the word "of," in the
seventh line, the word " real," so that the clause
will read :
That tfie Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Coun-
cil of Georgetown be, and they are hereby, authorized and
