m§4*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.103
the corporation is to take effect as soon as five
thousand shares shall be subscribed without being
paid in, or the balance secured by good mortgages
on real estate, with double the amount of United
States stock—whether the policy holders are to
have any security at all ?
Mr. DAYiS. I cannot answer the question
now, but 1 will answer it perhaps in a moment.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher]
referred to one fact which i desire to answer, and
it is this: That msre bills creating corporations
have been passed within fifteen days past than
ever before since I have had the honor of a seat
upon this floor. I desire to say that the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia never had the
privilege of reporting bills, except one or two,
which I succeeded in getting passed during the
last session of Congress, until the present day.
The business relating to the District of Columbia
was always blocked up; and we had no power,
no right, and no authority to make a report until
yesterday, or take up this bill for consideration.
It is not my wish to consume the time of the
House with a. discussion of this question now.
When the bill shall be read by sections, I shall
have no objection to any amendment which the
gentleman from Virginia may propose to it to
make it conform to the bills which have been
heretofore reported. I am willing that the bill
shall have all the guards which the gentleman
from Virginia may desire.
Mr. FLORENCE. Would it be in order to
move to commit the bill to the Committee for the
District of Columbia?
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in
order in committee, and cannot be entertained at
present.
Mr. FLORENCE. We passed a bill yester-
day incorporating a company of similar character
in Georgetown, which seemed unobjectionable
with the amendments that were made to it; and,
if the Committee for the District of Columbia will
make this bill conform to it, a majority of the
present committee, 1 presume, will not object to it.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I cannot see
the force of the objections to this bill, submitted
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,]
especially to the objection which refers to the fact |
that the stockholders of this corporation are not
to be liable to the full extent of the debts of the
corporation. If such a provision were incorpo-
rated in this bill, it would certainly destroy all the
benefits of the bill. An incorporation of this kind
is designed to be nothing more or less than a
limited partnership—a partnership in which the
parties will be permitted to put in a certain amount
of their notes, and risk no more than the amount
designed to be put into the establishment. It is
the practice, in some of the States of this Union,
to allow limited partnerships of this kind, and,
under the circumstances, certainly there can be no
disadvantage, and no danger to the public, when
it is perfectly well understood that a certain
amount of property is liable for the debts of the
institution, and no more. The contract of insur-
ance is a very peculiar one. You will find very
few individuals who would be willing to take risks,
if the whole amount of their personal possessions
is to be liable for any con tingency that may happen.
The same individuals, however, might be willing
to put a very considerable amount of propeity
into institutions of this kind, as security for the
ultimate pay men t of losses, whatever they might be.
What security have the public in a case of this
kind ? Nothing more nor less than the amount of
property pledged by the security of the debt that
may be incurred. What security have the pub-
lic, when an individual becomes an underwriter?
Nothing more nor less than the amount of property
possessed by that underwriter, in either instance,
the value of the security is or ought to be perfectly
well known to the party that does business widi
the institution or the individual. The commercial
community of the present day is tolerably well
informed upon this subject, and in cases of this
kind. If this institution should not be a sound
one, the community would be very likely to know
it. The reputation of institutions of this kind is
just as well settled in a commercial community,
as the reputation of private individuals. I pre-
sume, if you were to incorporate this company to-
morrow, the citizens of Washington and George-
town who wish to do business with an insurance
company, would probably prefer to do it with this
insurance company, just as it is organized in this
bill, in preference to doing this business with a
half dozen individuals who might sign a contract
for insurance.
Mr. LETCHER. Will my friend permit me
to ask him a question ? Did my friend vote for a
bill to incorporate the Mutual Fire Insurance Com-
pany in the District of Columbia ?
Mr. STANTON. I happened to be at one of
the Departments on business yesterday, and I was
not here when that bill passed.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, 1 will read the gen-
tleman a clause of that bill. It is this:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the membeis of said
corporation slml! each be liable, ill his or licr individual
capacity, for all debts created by said coiporation in favor
ot persons not members thereof."
Mr. STANTON. Well, Mr. Chairman, I
grant that that would create an additional security
to the benefit of the institution, and to the benefit
of persons doing business with that institution;
and if the members of that corporation are willing
to accept of a charter upon such terms, why, it
perhaps inures to the benefit of the community as
well as to their own benefit, by the way of giving
them greater credit.
But what is the principle there? The incorpo-
rators have a certain amount of property in their
individual capacity, and a certain amount in their
corporate capacity. Add the two amounts to-
gether, and the community kr.ow pretty well the
amount they have bourn! to back up the risks
taken by the company. They have private prop-
erty, and property as corporators. Ill this in-
stance they have corporate property, and nothing
more, and the community is as well aware of that
as they are of the other lact in the other case, and
they know it just as soon in the one case as in the
other.
It is true that the fact that the property of the
individual is bound for his corporate actfi may
make the corporator much more careful, and not
perhaps to take a greater risk as a corporator,
than he would take as an individual. It may be
the means of so controlling the acts of the cor-
poration as to secure prudence on the part of the
institution.
On the other hand, I presume the liability of
the party does not remain after he has disposed
of his interest in the institution. And now, sir,
whatever may be the liability of the property of
the individual stockholders at a given time, you
see perfectly well, that it would be in the power
of these corporators to transfer their stock to men
of straw, and thereby release themselves from the
liability imposed upon them by the act of incor-
poration. I am not certain that this power on the
part of the stockholders or incorporators does not
render a charter of that kind more deceptive than
the one in this case, which I hold in my hand.
1 know nothing of the origin of this bill, nor
do I know who the gentlemen are who are to be
.incorporated,for I have not even read their names,
but I think the principle is wrong to insist that
no limited partnership should ever be allowed. I
doubt whether the operations of insurance could
be carried oil in this country without limited
partnerships, or that underwriters could be found
willing to risk their whole fortune upon contracts
of insurance. I doubt whether it is not a matter
of necessity to incorporate limited partnerships.
I only desired to state my views upon this one
point, to show that there could be no danger to
the public by incorporating a company, with the
provisions contained in this bill.
Mr. GREENWOOD. It seems to be admitted,
even by the last gentleman who spoke, as well as
by others, that this bill is imperfect. I understand
from some of the members of the Committee for
the District of Columbia, that this bill has never
been before them; and, if it will meet with the
approbation of gentlemen around me, I will move
that this bill be laid aside to be reported to the
House: with a recommendation that it be referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. LETCHER. Before that question is taken,
I wish to say another word in reference to tins
matter. It is well known to the members of this
House, that 1 have resisted all attempts to refer
bills, upon their introduction, to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, before re-
ferring them to the standing committees of this
House. This is a strong instance in illustration
of the impropriety of pursuingthat course. Here
is a bill introduced, and immediately referred to
the Committee of the Whole, which is certainly
one of the most defective ever brought to the con-
sideration of this body. It has been introduced
and brought up for discussion without its having
received the consideration of any committee, and
that through the expedient of referring it to the
Committee of the Whole when it was introduced
into this body. I hope the difficulty which we
have gotten into now will attract the attention of
gentlemen, and that it will admonish them of the
necessity of first referring bills to the standing
committees of this body, and thereby avoid the
difficulty into which we have involved ourselves
upon this occasion.
There is another matter to which I wish to call
the attention of the Committee for the District of
Columbia, when this bill shall be sent to them.
There is not a word in this bill, from the very first
to the last, in the way of prohibiting it from issu-
ing bank paper. Not a word.
A Member. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. LETCHER. We have here passed a bill
in Committee of the Whole, which has not yet
been reported to the House, to suppress the circu-
lation of small notes in the District. But here is
a charter ifor a company which contains not one
word upon that subject.
Mr. PENNINGTON. 1 wish to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia to the six-
teenth section of the bill. lie will find that he is
laboring under an error, and that the prohibition
against the issuing of bank paper is there con-
tained in express words.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
motion to strike out the enacting clause.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw that motion.
The question then recurring upon Mr. Green-
wood's motion, it was put, and decided in the
affirmative.
So the bill was laid aside to be reported to tha
House, with a recommendation that it be referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
METROPOLITAN COLLEGIATE INSTITUTE.
The next bill which came up for consideration
was House bill No. 533, to incorporate the Me-
tropolitan Collegiate Institute of Washington.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that that bill be
passed over informally.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was laid
aside.
PENITENTIARY INDEBTEDNESS.
Mr. HAMILTON. There is another bill which
I desire to have taken up and acted upon before
we adjourn. It is one to which I am sure no ob-
jection will be made. It is bill No. 583.
The bill was reported by its title, as follows:
A bill for the liquidation of the penitentiary in-
debtedness.
Mr. LETCHER. Is that bill printed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk informs the
Chair that it is not.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I hope that it will be
passed over for the present.
; Mr. HAMILTON. Let it be read for informa-
tion, and I am sure the gentleman from Virginia
will have no objection to it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to say
to the gentleman from Virginia, that, if the pro-
visions of this bill are right, the bill itself is proper,
and should be passed.
There is a leather dealer in this city who, for
years past, has furnished leather for the peni-
tentiary; and, at the coming in of the present
superintendent of the penitentiary, the debt due
to that gentleman amounted to some §19,000. It
has been reduced by the present superintendent
some §5,000, leaving still a balance due to him of
some $7,000. Thisamount has been due him for
years. He receives no interest, and appropria-
tions have been asked for the payment of this
debt. The Secretary of the Interior, in his report
accompanying the President's annual message of
this session, states that there is a balance of in-
debtedness of some $7,000, which ought to be
paid. I myself have no doubtof the indebtedness,
and think that the appropriation ought to be made
to pay it off.
The bill, -which was read in extense, providea
that $7,186 92 be appropriated out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
enable the Secretary of the Interior to liquidate
