104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
the indebtedness of the penitentiary of the District
of Columbia.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass.
The Clerk read the title of the next bill on the
Calendar, as follows:
A bill to amend the charter of Georgetown, in
the District of Columbia.
The CHAIRMAN. That bill has not yet been
printed.
Mr, HAMILTON. If anybody objects to its
consideration, I shall not press it at this time.
Mr. HAVEN. My friend from Maryland
[Mr. Hamilton] has been pretty -well worked
yesterday and to-day on these bills for the District
of Columbia, and, as the committee seems now to
be substantially without business, I suggest that
the committee do now rise.
The CHAIRMAN. Certain bills, informally
passed over yesterday, may be taken up and dis-
posed of.
Mr. HAMILTON. The committee do not
desire those bills taken up, but to remain infor-
mally passed over.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. There has been a
bill reported which is not on the Calendar. The
committee could take it up and dispose of it in a
few minutes.
The Clerk read the title of the bill, as follows:
An act to incorporate the St. Joseph's Male Orphan
Asylum in the D strict of Columbia.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill has not been
printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the committee do now rise.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had the state of the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the special
order, relating to business of the District of Co-
lumbia, and had directed him to report its action
thereon, which he did.
Mr. HAMILTON. What is the first bill
before us for notion ?
The SPEAKER. The bill to suppress the
circulation of small notes as a currency in the
District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMILTON. It was the understanding
of the committee, when that bill was laid aside to
be reported to the House, that the amendments
made to the first section should be voted down,
and that it should pass as it came from the Senate.
I hope that may be done.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to know whether the
amendments on page two were agreed to ?
The SPEAKER. The amendments in italic
are those recommended by the Committee for the
District of Columbia. Those made to the first
section were agreed to, and the others repudiated,
and the bill reported to the House, with the un-
derstanding that those made to that section should
also be voted down when they came here.
By unanimous consent, the question was taken
on the amendments of the Committee of the
Whole, and they were rejected.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time, and it was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and that that
motion be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON. It there be no objection, I
call for the previous question on all the other bills
which have been reported to the House.
Mr. HAVEN. I object. There is one bill
which I think ought to be amended. The second
section of the bill allowing the Metropolitan rail-
road to extend into the District of Columbia was
passed over with an incorrect understanding of its
provision on my part, as well as of others. It
authorizes the railroad corporation itself to select
the streets through which the road was to run. 1
think that it should be restricted so that they shall
have the right to run the road only through the
streets selected by the corpoiations of Georgetown
and Washington.
.Mr. HAMILTON. I suggested, when the bill
was in committee, that, if any amendment to the
bill_ was needed to guard it, I should not object
to its being offered; and if the gentleman from
New York desires to offer the amendment he has
indicated, I shall not object, though I think it is
not required.
Mr. COBB. And I believe the gentleman from
Maryland also promised to accept an amendment
in reference to speed. There is no provision in
the bill to meet that objection.
Mr. HAMILTON. I do not recollect having
made such a promise.
Mr. HAVEN. I am opposed to the insertion
of any provision in reference to speed. But I
think the amendment I have suggested, and which
I have now reduced to writing, should be adopted.
I move to insert in the ninth line of the seventh
section, after the word "respectively," the follow-
ing:
But in no case shall the said corporation use any of
the streets of said cities without the consent of the munici-
pal authorities of said cities, respectively.
Mr. HAMILTON. I have no objection to
that amendment; and I now move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be now put.
The question being first upon Mr. Haven's
amendment, it was taken; and the amendment
agreed to.
The amendments reported by the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union were then
severally read and concurred in.
Mr. HAVEN. I propose that, by unanimous
consent, the last amendment, giving the municipal
authoritiesof Washington and Georgetown power
to regulate the speed of the cars within their re-
spective limits, and which now stands as an addi-
tional section of the bill, may be inserted at the
end of the second section, where it more properly
belongs.
The proposition was assented to by the House.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, was accordingly read a third time, and
passed.
Mr. HAMILTON moved that the vote last
taken, by which the bill passed, be reconsidered,
and that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
tabic; which latter motion was agreed to.
The bill authorizing the corporate authorities of
Georgetown to impose additional taxes, and for
other purposes, was next taken up.
Mr. GROW. I would propose that that bill be
allowed to pass over until the others have been
disposed of, and then, that the previous question
shall be ordered on it, and allow the final vote to
be taken to-morrow.
Mr. HAMILTON. I have no objection.
No objection was made, and the bill accordingly
passed over.
The bill to incorporate an insurance company
in the city of Washington, was next taken up,
and, in accordance with the recommendation of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, committed to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. LETCHER. What do I understand has
become of the hill to give Georgetown power to
lay additional taxes?
Mr. HAMILTON. It is passed over, so that
it may be ready for our action to-morrow.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, by way of having
it all ready for our action to-morrow, I move to
lay it on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot make
that motion, for the bill is not before the House
at oil.
The bill to discharge the indebtedness of the
penitentiary in the District of Columbia, coming
up next in order, was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, was
accordingly read a third time and passed.
Mr. HAMILTON. I now ask that the bill to
authorize the corporate authorities of the city of
Georgetown to impose additional taxes, and for
other purposes, be taken up; and I demand the
previous question upon its engrossment.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order cow to move
to lay that bill upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. LETCHER. I make that motion; and
now I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. HAMILTON. If the House now adjourn,
will this biil come up in the morning?
The SPEAKER. It will, under the operation
of the special order, if the gentleman chooses to
Then I have no objection
call it up.
Mr. HAMILTON.
to an adjournment.
The question was then put; and Mr. Letcher's
motion was agreed to; and
Thereupon (at twenty minutes past threeo 'clock)
the House adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 21, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milbcrn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that they had passed the following
bills:
Bill granting certain additional powers to the
Corporation of Washington.
Bill authorizing the Washington Gas-Light
Company to increase the capital stock of said
company.
Bill to amend an act entitled " An act to es-
tablish an auxiliary watch for the protection of
public and private property in the city of Wash-
ington," approved August 23, 1842.
Bill to incorporate the Mutual Eire Insurance
Company of the District of Columbia.
Bill to authorize the extension, construction,
and use of the Me—?politan Railroad Company,
into and within the District of Columbia.
Bill for the liquidation of the Penitentiary
indebtedness.
Also, a bill of the Senate to suppress the circu-
lation of small notes as currency in the District of
Columbia.
The six first-mentioned bills from the House of
Representatives were severally read a first and
second time by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bill:
Bill vesting the title of the United States to cer-
tain lands in the city of Cincinnati.
Which was thereupon signed by the President
pro tem.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. ALLEN presented the following resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Rhode Island and
Providence Plantations; which were read, and
ordered to be printed:
Resolutions in favor of the establishment of a
navy-yard in Narragansett bay.
Resolutions in relation to the allowance of pen-
sions and bounty land to the officers, soldiers, and
sailors who served in the last war with Great
Britain.
Resolutions in favor of the establishment of a
uniform and cheap rate of ocean postage.
Mr. SLIDELL presented a memorial of a
committee of the Louisiana Baptist State Con-
vention, praying that measures may be taken to
protect citizens of the United States sojourning in
foreign countries, in the free and uninterrupted
exercise of their religious faith; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DAWSON presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Georgia, in favor of the establish-
ment of a.naval depot at Brunswick, in that State;
which were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. BADGER presented the petition of Wil-
liam G. Ridgely, Chief Clerk in the Bureau of
Yards and Docks, praying to be allowed arrears of
salary; which was referred to the Committee on
Retrenchment and Reform.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the petition
of Jacob Dodson, a private of Captain Richard
Owen's company, in the California battalion,
commanded by Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Fre-
mont, in the war with Mexico, praying to be
allowed bounty land and other allowances granted
by lav/ to the other volunteers in the same war,
asked to bo discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs; which was agreed to.
