1854.
THE.CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*05
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. STUART, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
making appropriations for improving the harbors
on Lakes Ontario, Erie, St. Clair, Huron, Supe-
rior, and Michigan; which was resd a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. CLAY, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
amendatory of, and supplementary to,, an act
approved August 4, 1854, entitled "An act to
graduate and reduce the price of the public lands
to actual settlers and cultivators;" which was
read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
WAR IN EUROPE.
_ Mr. SUMNER submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be di-
rected to consider the expediency of tendering the medi-
ation of the United States to the Governments of Great
Britain^ France, and Turkey on the one side, and of Russia
on the other, iu the hope of withdrawing the exisung con-
troversy between them from the destructive umpirage of
war, so that the blessings of peace may be again secured
to the people of those nations, and also to the general com-
merce of tiie woild.
REGULATION OF PILOTAGE.
_ Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce he in-
structed to inquire whether any, and what legislation be
necessary to obviate a conflict with the Jaws of the several
States on the subject of the compensation and regulation of
pilotage within their limits.
MAIL CONTRACTS.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested to
inform the Senate whether or not a contract has been made
for carrying the mail from Cairo to New Orleans, as was
directed by an act of Congress, passed at its last session.
If not, that he inform the Senate why it has not been done.
BURLINGTON BREAKWATER.
Mr. FOOT, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
making an appropriation for the continuation of
the breakwater in the harbor of Burlington, on
Lake Champlain; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. FOOT. I move the reference of the bill to
the Committee on Commerce, and will take occa-
sion to say to the members who compose that
committee, and are here present, that the appro-
priation sought by it is the same in amount as
that contained in the river and harbor bill of the
last session for this object, which bill fell under
the Executive veto. I will take occasion to say '•
further, that the appropriation sought by this bill
is not open to the constitutional objections raised j
to some of the provisions embraced in that river j
and harbor bill, and on account of which, doubt- I
less, that bill failed to receive the Executive ap- I
proval. The object for which this little appropri- j
ation is sought, is not merely of a local and limited '
character, as for some small and comparatively un-
mportant lake or river, exclusively within the
limits and jurisdiction of a single State. On the
contrary, it is one preeminently of a national char-
acter; it is for the protection of one of the princi- i
pal harbors upon the great water communication j
between the States and the Lower Province of I
Canada—the great thoroughfare, indeed, between !
the cities of New York and Montreal, and which ,
floats a commerce of at least forty millions a year. I
Thig lake, to the extent of one hundred and
twenty miles, lies between the States of Vermont
and New York, and extends some thirty miles
into the British Province of Canada.
In the possible event of hostilities again arising
between our country and that of Great Britain,Lake
Champlain must inevitably again become the the-
ater of naval conflicts between the two countries,
as in 1813, when the gallant McDonough achieved
upon its waters one of the proudest naval tri-
umphs of that war. The very position of the
lake, lying upon the borders of, and connecting, the
two countries, as it does, gives it a character of
peculiar national importance.
Aside, therefore, from all mere commercial con-
siderations, which must be conceded to be of vast
importance, and having reference only to the na- || Surgeon J. M. Steiner, United States Army,
tiona, defense and safety, the same considerations ;! growing out of an affray at the post, which Major
W lirh von 11 ! no   Vl a 1  ♦ „ C _ U „    a i .1 J * j i
which require the improvement of your harbors
upon the sea-coast, with refeience to the safety
and defense of your Navy, apply with equal force
to the improvement of your harbors with reference
to the safety and protection of your naval forces
upon this and upon the other frontier lakes of the
country, and give to these works most emphat-
ically the character of nationality. The Govern-
ment has already expended some §70,000 or
$80,000 upon the work named in the bill. The
work remains in an unfinished state. The narbor
is insecure without the completion of it.* We only
ask the Government to complete what it haa
already begun, and of the importance of whichit
has given a practical recognition. We ask it not
for the benefit of some local interest—not merely
for the benefit of a local commerce: we ask it for
national interests, and for the national security.
If no other argument is available, we ask it for
the same reason, and upon the same considera-
tions, that we have erected fortifications at Rouse's
Point on this lake near the dividing line between
the two Governments. If any constitutional scru-
ples forbid this appropriation for the peaceful pur-
poses of commerce, then let it be done under the
power authorizing you to prepare for the exi-
gencies of war.
But without entering upon the discussion of the
questions involved, I commend the bill to the
favorable consideration of the Committee on Com-
merce, who, 1 believe, have already taken in
charge applications of a similar character.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
CHRISTMAS HOUDAYS.
Mr. BADGER. This is Thursday, sir; but
there is a slight difficulty which occurs in the way
of the former usual proceeding on this day, next!
Monday being Christmas. In order to accom- j
plish the substance at a little expense of the form |
which prevails before the Christmas holidays—as |
it is not usual for the Senate to adjourn over from .
Thursday to a later day than the succeeding
Monday—as Monday is Christmas, and as, o?;
course, nobody desires to be here on that day, I :
think it would be well to resolve that, when the
Senate adjourns to-morrow, it be to meet the day
after Christmas, which is Tuesday. I submit
that motion.
_The motion was agreed to.
CATHARINE B. ARNOLD.
Arnold attempted to suppress, and for" which he
afterwards caused Dr. Steiner to be arrested. For
this exercise of his proper duty, Dr. Steiner after-
wards shot Major Arnold. t
There is no existing law which gives to the
widow of officer or private of the regular Army
either pension or half-pay, unless the soldier died
of wounds received or diseases incurred in the
Mexican or some previous war. The laws re-
specting naval pensions, however,Lxrant five y "
half-pay to the widows of all who die in the ser-
vice, of wounds, injuries, or diseases incurred, or
casualties happening while in the line of duty.
The Committee on Pensions, under recommend-
ation from the Commissioner of Pensions, have
reported a bill placing widows of the Army upon
the same footing, in this respect,' with widows of-
the Navy. Having recognized the justice of this
class of claims in that bill, they regard the pecu-
liar and painful circumstances attending Mrs.
Arnold's bereavement, and the previous merit-
orious services of her deceased husband, as justi-
fying the specialaetion of Congress in her behalf.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third*time, and passed.
RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ABROAD.
Mr. CASS. I wish to ask the Senate to order
the printing of one thousand copies of the reso-
lutions presented, and the report made, by Mr.
Underwood two years ago, on the subject of se-
curing the rights of religious worship to American
citizens in foreign countries. I have just ascer-
tained at the Secretary's office that there are very
few copies left, and before that subject comes up
for consideration, I should like Senators to have
an opportunity of looking at the report and reso-
lutions of Mr. Underwood. I therefore move
that one thousand copies of them be ordered to be
printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to. .
COURT OF CLAIMS.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, the bill, yes-
terday reported by him from the select committee,
" to establish a court for the investigation of
claims against the United States," was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
This bill makes provision for the establishment
of a court of claims, to consist of three judges,
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, the Sen- :■ to be appointed by the President, by and with
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill for the relief of Catharine B.
Arnold.
Its object is to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Catharine Bryant Ar- ;
nold, widow of the late Major Ripley A. Arnold, 1
upon the list of pensioners, and to pay to her a
pension at the rate of one half the pay per month ;
to which her husband was entitled at the time of
bis death—the pension to commence on the 6th ;
of September, 1853, and to continue during her i
natural life or widowhood. j
Ripley A. Arnold was graduated from the Mil- ,
itary Academy, July 1, 1838, and commissioned
as second lieutenant in the second dragoons, and
shortly afterwards joined his regiment in Florida,
the advice and consent of the Senate, to hold their
offices during good behavior; which court is to
hear and determine ail claims founded upon any
law of Congress, or upon any regulation of an
executive department, or upon any contract,
express or implied, with the Government of the
United States, which may be suggested to it by a
petition filed therein; and also, all claims which may
be referred to it by either House of Congress. It
is to be the duty of the claimant, in all cases, to set
forth a full statement of the claim, with the action
upon it in Congress, or by any of the Departments,
specifying what person or persons are owners of
or interested in it, and when and upon what con-
sideration he or they became so interested. Each
of the judges is to receive a compensation of $4,000
where he continued to serve till the close of the jj per annum, and to take an oath to support the
war against the Indians in that country. His
services in this war were active and efficient, and
he was breveted a captain for gallant conduct in
the war against the Florida Indians, to date from
April 19,1842, the day of the affair at Pilaklikahal
against Halleck Tustennuggee, in which he was
particularly distinguished.
On the breaking out of the Mexican war, the
Constitution of the United States, and discharge
faithfully the duties of his office.
- A solicitor for the United States, to represent'
the Government before the court, is to be ap-
pointed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, whose duty it will be
to prepare all cases on the part of the Government
for hearing, before the court, and to argue them
second dragoons, in which Brevet Captain Arnold :i when prepared; to cause testimony to betaken
then held the rank of first lieutenant, was er,- ji when necessary to secure the interest of the Uni-
camped opposite Matamoras, and it formed part |j ted States; to prepare forms, file interrogatories,
of the small force under Genera! Taylor that sus- || and superintend the taking of testimony, in the
tained so nobly the first conflicts on the Rto i; manner prescribed by the court; and generally to
Grande. On these occasions Captain Arnold was ji render such services as may be required of him
ji from time to time, in the discharge of the duties
[j of his office. He is to be sworn to the faithful
j discharge of his daties in the manner prescribed
j | for the qualification of the judges, and is to receive
a compensation of $3,500 per annum.
The court is to have authority to establish
rules and regulations for its government; to ap-
point commissioners to take testimony to be used
in the investigation of claims that may come before
again distinguished, and won the brevet of major,
to date from May 9, 1846, for his gallant and
meritorious conduct in the battles of Palo Alto
and Resaca de la Palma. He was promoted a j
captain in his regiment August 18,1847, and con- j
tinued with it till the termination of the war,
when he accompanied it to Texas, where he was j
serving at the time of his death, September 6,1853. j
He was killed in an encounter with Assistant j
