THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1854.
New Series....No. 1
surrounding that door like harpies; and if there
is a good claim, it speaks for itself.
_ Itisagainstthisirresponsiblemodeofapproach-
ing the Federal Legislature by these claims agents
that I would have some sifting process. I would
have a tribunal apertisforibus, with all the advant-
ages of open adversary controversy; and their
deliberations would be more likely to result in
justice than ours here, because they would be
submitted to the fair judgment of an adversary
controversy.
I shall vote for the bill. I do not like the name
which is given to the tribunal; but somebody has
said that a " rose by any other name would smell
as sweet." I do not think it is a court, but I do
not think that important. I care very little about
the name.
Mr. President, it was entirely beside the sub-
ject when my friend from California [Mr. Wf.l-
ler] thought proper, it seems to me, to go out
of his way to look for some State in which the
judges hold their office during good behavior. He
selected-Virginia. Well, sir, allow me to say to
my friend, that I regard it as a compliment that
South Carolina has adhered to the ancient land-
marks of a republican Government.
Mr. WELLER. No progress at all.
Mr. BUTLER. And she is better off than
those who have mode progress, and broken their
necks. [Laughter.] I do not like the steamboat
progress that goes down the Mississippi, and puts
off its passenger;! at n hazard. I prefer the secu-
rity or' the common law; and I do not hesitate to
say, sir, that there has been no improvement upon
the administration of the English jurisprudence.
Sir, I could appeal with pleasure to your State,
[Mr. Badger in the chair.] I am glad of it. It
is my neighbor; and I once had occasion, in my
office, to review some decisions in connection with
it. I shall not detract from Ohio; nor shall I have
the bad taste to single out any one State for the
purpose of attacking its system. Get a good and
able judge, and whether elected by the people for
six or eight years, or whether he hold3 his tenure
for life, his judgments will always vindicate them-
selves. But, sir, I will say to iny honorable
friend from California, thatl will subject the judg-
ments of Chief Justice Ruffin, of your State, and
the judgments of South Carolina, to the tribunals
of Westminster Hall, and compare them with
those of any State of the Union.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, I had no
intention whatever to provoke the Senator from
South Carolina. He is the last Senator on this
floor with whom I should seek to engage in a con-
test. I barely alluded to the State of South Car-
olina as one of the few States in the Union that
had mode no improvement in her judicial system,
and had "not incorporated a more popular idea into
the judiciary. If the State of South Carolina
sees proper to adhere to old notions, and remain
in darkness, I have, of course, no right to com-
plain; but I have never heard that South Carolina
stood above all the other States in the Union for
the purity of her judges, or their legal ability.
Mr. BUTLER. I never said so.
Mr. WELLER. I undertake to say that
wherever this popular element has been introduced
into the States of this Union—wherever the peo-
ple have a voice in the election of their judges—
they have selected quite as distinguished men as
those which have adorned the bench of South
Carolina. I said that the American people else-
where had made some progress in their judicial
system—that amid all the other improvements
which had been advancing so rapidly for the last
quarter of a century, they had made important
changes in their judiciary, and that they had im-
pressed upon it the popular element. Sir, if
South Carolina chooses to appoint her judges for
life, if she adheres to the old English rule, if she
's so much wedded to that country from whence
we originally came, I have not a word of com-
plaint to utter; nor do I intend to impeach the
motives, the integrity, or the ability of any of her
judges. Other States have seen proper to adopt
h different rule, and I undertake to say that under
the operation of that rule there have been as few
charges against their judges for corruption as
under the old plan. That is all I contend for.
Whether the new States are broken down by
their changes or not, or whether their legs were
originally so weak that, in their attempt to walk,
they have been prostrated, it is not for me to de-
cide. But 1 undertake to say that the States pro-
gressing so rapidly will compare now with the
State of South Carolina in everything that consti-
tutes the greatness of a State. It is not for me to
say that other States have got further advanced
than South Carolina; it. is not for me to say that
the spirit of progress is operating more rapidly
elsewhere than there. But there stands the fact
that she holds on to these opinions, which the
enlightenment of other States lias long since
abandoned.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, the Senate will
bear me testimony to one thing; that although I
may appear to be somewhat precipitate in the
mode of expression, I am very guarded in my
remarks. They will also bear me witness that I
have never, so far as I have known myself, been
guilty of the bad taste of saying that South Caro-
lina was superior to any other State in the Union
in any part of her organization. Sir, we are peers
and equals here; and when I speak of States, I
speak of them merely as equals. I do not desig-
nate one and say that she is in darkness and has
progressed nothing because her people have re-
tained the forms and the institutions of their fore-
fathers. Whatl said was—and was it not remark-
ably guarded ?—that the judicial decisions of South
Carolina and of North Carolina would compare
with those of any State ill the Union. I did not
detract from any Stats. I was guarded upon that
subject. But when a Senator chooses, by attri-
bution, to put into my mouth what I did not say,
1 must be permitted' to correct it, in justice to my
State and to myself.
Mr. WELLER. As it has become simply a
matter of taste, of course, sir, I am not disposed
to enter into a dispute with the Senator on that
subject, for tie gustibus non est disputandum.
Whether it was in bad taste or not, I shall not
undertake to decide; that would not be proper;
but in alluding to some of the States of the Union
that still adhere to the old plan of appointing judges
for good behavior, I mentioned the State of Vir-
ginia. I regret to say that the Senator from
Virginia himself led me into that error, for I asked
him, a few minutes before, what was the tenure
of judges in the State of Virginia, and I under-
stood him to s'ay that it was duringgood behavior.
Mr. HUNTER. Then 1 could not have heard
the Senator's question aright; for there has been
a recent change in our Constitution on that subject.
I must have supposed that the Senator's remark
referred to something else.
Mr. WELLER. It was for that reason Iasked
the question. I had a sort of general, indistinct
recollection that by the new constitu'ion of Vir-
ginia a change was made, and, therefore, T inter-
rogated the Senator from Virginia, who, it seems,
did not understand the question. Hence, I was
driven o(T by my friend from Virginia, and he
unfortunately threw me on my friend from South
Carolina. In the heat of debate, on the moment,
I made the allusion. If it was in bad taste 
Mr. BUTLER. I did not say so.
Mr. WELLER. If it was in bad taste I desire
to withdraw it, for 1 know of no Senator on
whose judgment, as to a matter of taste, I would
rather rely than my friend from South Carolina.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from California, to strike out the
words " during good behavior."
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. STUART. Inasmuch as the vote is to be
taken on this subject now, and as I stand in a
perhaps somewhat isolated position in regard to it,
I ask leave to detain the Senate for only a few
moments, while I give the reason which will con-
trol my vote on this amendment. So long, at all
events, as this bill retains thelanguage "judges,"
my belief is that the tribunal which it proposes to
establish is a court under the provisions of the
Constitution, and that the Constitution prescribes
the tenure of office. I also think thata mere change
of the word "judges" to "commissioners" would
not change the effect of the bill. I admit that a
bill might be framed establishing a commission
which would not be a judicial tribunal within the
meaning of the Constitution; but I am of the im-
pression that the bill now before us, though the
word "judges" should be changed to "commis-
sioners," would still constitute a judicial tribunal
within the meaning of the Constitution, and there-
fore that the tenure of office is fixed by it.
It is said, however, that there is one test by
which you may determine whether it is a judicial
tribunal or not, and that is whether it has the
power to enforce its judgments. Why, sir, the
Constitution expressly provides that " no money
shall be- drawn from the Treasury but in conse-
quence of appropriations made by law." Then,
there is ana can be no judicial tribunal which
could issue an execution to satisfy a judgment out
of the Treasury of the United States, so that test
in this instance must fail.
Other reasons, I think, might be suggested, but
I am desirous not to detain the Senate at this
moment for the purpose of expressing my views
either on this particular subject or on the bill
itself. Perhaps at the proper time I may ask the
Senate to hear me for a few minutes, and express
my notions and views as to what tribunal should
be constituted for the purpose of adjudicating
piivate claims. I only desired to say so muchut
this moment as should explain my vpte. I shall
vote against this amendment of the Senator from
California, and against the one which he proposes
to offer in future, believing that if both those
amendments were adopted, they would not relieve
the present bill from the provisions of the Consti-
tution of the United States.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, the remarks
of the Senator from Michigan are so pertinent'
and to the point, and so nearly express what I
myself intended to say, if I had got the floor when
he did, and have been so well said that they
relievo me from the necessity of adding more than
a word or two to his remarks.
Sir, I regard this as a court which we are estab-
lishing, and it is only because it raises to the
dignity of a court of the United States, that it can
receive my support. I think that if we do estab-
lish a court of claims, possessed and endowed
with all the prerogatives and privileges of a court,
to compel the attendance of witnesses, whers
there can be a fair and impartial investigation,
and an attorney to.attend to the interests of the
United States, so that we can have an adjudica-
tion of the merits of each claim, it will bring a
weight of authority into the Senate and into the
House of Representatives which would be bind-
ing on our judgments in all cases where the con-
trary could not be made clearly to appear. If we
were to change the name of the tribunal, although
I admit, a name is not always of importance, I
should attach importance to it in this case. The
fact of calling this tribunal a board of commis-
sioners would imply that it was only to take the
place of a committee, and to report facts. Now, I
want an adjudication which I should deem bind-
ing upon us, and on which 1 could vote to confirm
the verdict or judgment of the court without
inquiry, and to appropriate the money because
they had found it to be due. I want an adjudi-
cation in which I could put the same credence that
I would give to a decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States, so that when their report is
made to us, unless some extraordinary cause
appeared to the contrary, v/e should appropriate
at once the money, or, if they reported adversely,
decide against the claim.
For these reasons I desire this to bea court, with
the first men of the country upon the bench, and
the first lawyer of the country for tl;e attorney of
the United States, before the court. Here I will
remark^ that I do not think the salary, proposed
