114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
to be allowed to the attorney, is sufficient^} com-
mand the first talent. I believe that the highest
interests of this country will be dependent on this
court so far as money is concerned. Although I
•would gladly change the tenure of office for the
members of the court, if I could do so, and still
retain it as a court, and although I believe that
the reforms which have been made in my own
Sfate, in regard to the judiciary, were wisely made
and ought to he valid, yet, as under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, a judge must hold during
good behavior, I must either yield my desire to
have a court established, or else I must make it a
court, and give its judges a tenure for good be-
havior. Under that view, I shall vote to create a
court of claims with the authority of a court, and
then give to its members that tenure which the
Constitution compels us to give in that event. i
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment of Mr. Weller, resulted—yeas
16, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Brainerd, Bright, Brown,
Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Fessenden,
Gillette, Johnson, Rusk, Sebastian, Shdell, Suojner, Wade,
and Weller—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Brodhead, Butler, Clay,
Clayton, Dawson, Douglas, Evans, Pish, Foot, Geycr,
Hunter, Jonesof Iowa. Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Noiris,
Pratt, Rockwell, Shields, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky,
Toombs, and Wright—24.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to amend the first sec-
tion by adding, after " good behavior," the words
" or the existence of this law;" so as to provide
expressly that the tenure shall be " during good
behavior, or the existence of the law."
Mr. HUNTER. It is not necessary to do that.
If the law be repealed, the office, of course, will
go with it.
Mr. ADAMS. Then my amendment is of no
harm.
Several Senators. It is not necessary.
Mr. ADAMS. There seems to be objection to
it, and I will not press it now. But I will offer a
proviso hereafter to cover the object. I shall con-
tent myself, it present, with moving to amend the
first section in another particular. Provision is
made that the court shall hear all claims founded
upon any law, or upon any regulation of the Ex-
ecutive Department, or upon any contract, express
.or implied, with the Government of the United
States, " which may be suggested to it by a peti-
tion filed therein." I wish to add, after the word [
"therein," the words "without formality of |
pleading." The object is, that parties having
claims may go to the proper Department, and, if
dissatisfied with the decision of the Department,
shall have a right to file their petition, witboat
formality of pleading, before this court. I do this
to obviate some of the objections which have been
made by my colleague.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I think an amendment of
this kind is quite unnecessary. The bill already
provides that the court " shall hear and determine
all claims founded upon any law of Congress, or
upon any regulation of an Executive Department,
or upon any contract, express or implied, with
the Government of the United States, which may
be suggested to it by a petition filed therein;" and
tjien goes on to provide that the claimant shall set
forth, in the petition, the action which has been
had.
Mr. DOUGLAS. And the court prescribes its
own rules of proceeding.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Certainly. So that it is
quite unnecessary to adopt the amendment of the
Stenator from Mississippi.
Mr. ADAMS. I am not particular about it.
I only wished to provide, by law, that which Sen-
ators take it for granted the court will prescribe by
utile. I am willing to take a great deal for granted;
but when it is so easy, by a simple amendment,
to require the court to receive and file these peti-
tions, without the formality of pleading, I can see
no objection to inserting it. It is not detracting
from the capacity of these judges to require them
to receive petitions without the formality of plead-
ing.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I believe the jurisdiction of
this ceurt will involve both matters of law and
matters of equity against the United States, and
consequently the bill has provided that the pro-
ceedings shall commence by petition, setting forth
precisely the nature of the claim; but the answer
is to be in such form as the rules of the court shall
prescribe. You cannot make an analogy exactly
to a court of equity, nor exactly to a court of law,
but the court itself, by its rules, can prescribe
what the forms of proceeding shall be after the
filing of the petition; and its experience from day
to day, and from week to week, will point out to
the judges what that mode of proceeding should
be, in order to answer the ends of justice and
facilitate business better than we can prescribe
here in this bill. I think we had better leave it
where the bill leaves it, and allow them to adopt
their own rules of'proceeding.
Mr. PRATT. The contemplation of this bill
is that the court which is framed by the bill shall
have cognizance of those claims, which the Depart-
ments have refused or may refuse to pay. If a
citizen of the United States is entitled to money
from the Government of the United States, and
his title is beyond dispute, he will go to the proper
Department and get his money. It is in those
classes of cases where the Departments will not
pay, that the citizen will find his remedy in the
tribunal established by this bill; therefore it seems
to me my friend from Mississippi must perceive
that in such cases his amendments notnecessary.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. F1SII. I desire to present an amendment
to th§ third section of the bill. It appears to me that
in the bill as it now stands, there is no power given
to the court to issue subpenas, to compel the
attendance of witnesses. The court is authorized
to appoint commissioners to take testimony, but
no power is conferred to require the attendance of
witnesses. I therefore propose to amend the third
section by adding after the provision giving the
court power to appoint commissioners, these
words:
And also to issue pubprnas to fre<]uire the attendance
and the deposition of witnesses, whieh suhpenas shall
have the same force as if issued from a district court of
the United States, and compliance therewith shall bo com-
pelled under such rules and orders as the court hereby
created shall establish.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator from New York the propriety of confining
that authority to the District of Columbia. 1
doubt the propriety of authorizing the court to
send to California for witnesses, and charge us
with the expenseof bringing them from there. I
am willing to authorize them to summon witnesses
within the District of Columbia; but outside this
District 1 should prefer to have the testimony taken
in the form of depositions.
Mr. FISH. The third section already provides
that "in all cases where it can be conveniently
done, the testimony shall be taken in the county
where the deponent resides." These commis-
sions are to run in other States, and are not
confined to the District of Columbia. Witnesses
are to be examined in the county where they
reside.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I supposed the object of the
amendment was to compel witnesses to appear and
testify orally before the court.
Mr. FISII. Only before the commissioners.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Senator from New
York called my attention this morning to this
defeet in the third section, and I observed it at
once. I think the amendment is a very proper
one. It only provides for compulsory process to
secure the attendance of witnesses before the com-
missioners.
Mr. GROWN. Then \ would suggest to my
friend from New York that he had better author-
ize the commissioner to issue subpenas.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly; that is the proper
course.
Mr. FISH. If the commissioners have this
authority, it will answer my purpose.
Mr. BROWN. Of course, a commissioner
should have power to compel the attendance of
witnesses before him.
Mr. FISII. I will modify my amendment, so
as to read:
And also to issue subpenas to require the attendance
of witnesses, in order to bo examined belbre said commis-
sioners, which subpenas shall have the same lorce as if
issued iioin a district court of the United States; and com-
pliance tin icwiih Uiall be compelled, umiersuch lules and
orders as the court hereby created shall establish.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was
reported to tile Senate as amended, the amend-
ment was concurred in, and the bill was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. ADAMS. Although 1 know it is too late,
at this stage of the bill, to propose an amendment,
I should like to have an opportunity to offer a
proviso to come in at the end of the bill, reserving
to Congress the right to repeal it.
Many Senators. We have that right.
Mr. ADAMS. We may have che right, but
the bill especially gives the incumbents the office
for life. 1 believe Congress has the power, but I
know there is doubt about it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I never heard it doubted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should object to such a
proviso, for the reason that it would imply that
we could not repeal an act creating an existing
court where such language was not used. I hold
it to be quite clear that we have that power.
The bill was ]
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk, announced that
they had passed a bill to authorize the corporate
authorities of Georgetown to impose additional
taxes, and f®r other purposes.
executive session.
On the motion of Mr. D0UGL1S, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness; and, after some time spent therein, the
doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 21, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
executive communications.
The SPEAKER presented to the House a com-
munication from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report from the Secretary
of State, in answer to the resolution of the House
of Representatives, of the 27th of July last, of the
correspondence between the Secretary of State
and the Minister to the Netherlands, in the case
of Captain Walter M. Gibson.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move that the
message, with the accompanying documents, be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
be printed.
Mr. ORR. I desire to say, upon that subject,
that I hope the Committee on Foreign Affairs will
give it their earnest and most considerate attention.
It seems that the diplomatic efforts of the Govern-
ment, in the case, have not thus far produced an
adjustment of the claim of Captain Gibson. The
subject presents a very grave question, and I hope
the committee will give it their attention at an
early day.
The message, with the accompanying docu-
ments, was then referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also presented the following
communications:
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting, in pursuance of law, adetailed
statement of the manner in which the contingent
fund of the Department has been- expended from
June 30, 1853, to June 30,1854, together with the
statements furnished by the heads of the several
bureaus of the Department. Referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
A communication from the Post Office Depart-
ment, transmitting, in pursuance of law, an esti-
mate for the ocean mail service, payable out of
the revenue of the Department, for the year com-
mencing July 1, 1855. Referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
A communication from the Post Office Depart-
ment, transmitting, in pursuance of law, an esti-
mate of the sums of money expected to be required
for the service of the year commencing July 1,
1855. Referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
maryland courts.
Mr. VANSANT, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
to provide for the accommodation of the courts of
the United States in the district of Maryland, and
for a post office at Baltimore, Maryland; which
