1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ho
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
TERRITORY OP UTAH.
Mr. RICHARDSON, by unanimous consent,
reported back, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, certain resolutions from the Territorial
Legislature of the Territory of Utah; which were
referred to the Committee of Claims.
PROTECTION OP UNITED STATES OFFICERS.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, introduced the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Thatthe Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of further legislation
for the better protection of the officers of the United States
and other persons engaged in the execution of the laws
thereof, and to report by bill or otherwise.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana, by unanimous con-
sent, and in pursuance of previous notice, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of C. E. Greenough;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MACY, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill for
the commencement and completion of certain
public works in the State of Wisconsin therein
named; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The bill appropriates, to be expended under the
superintendence of the Secretary of War, the fol-
lowing sums:
For the improvement of the harbor of Ozaukee,
Ozaukee county, Wisconsin, $10,000;
For the removal of obstruction, and clearing
out the channel of the Wolf rirer, in Wisconsin,
#10,000;
' For clearing out and removing the bar at the
mouth of the Fond du Lac river, at the foot of
Lake Winnebago, §5,000;
For a breakwater near the mouth of said river,
#5,000; and
For removing obstructions at the entrance to
the harbor of Menaska, on Lake Winnebago,
$5,000.
• Mr. M. also introduced a bill to make appropri-
ations for the repairs, preservation, and comple-
tion of certain public works in the State of Wis-
consin, heretofore commenced under authority of
law; which received the same reference.
The bill appropriates, t,o be expended under the
superintendence of the Secretary of War, the fol-
lowing sums: .
For continuing the improvement of the harbor
of Sheboygan, Wisconsin, on Lake Michigan,
$12,000; and
For continuing: the improvemenfof the harbor
of Manitowoc, Wisconsin, on Lake Michigan,
$12,500.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN ALEXANDRIA.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, by unanimous con-
sent, offered the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Cnmmeroe be, and
tliey are hereby, directed to inquire into the cjpcdiency ot
purchasing a lot and constructing a building smtuiiit; for the
accommodation of the euytooi hou^e, poit ofli<'e, and tln-
trict court of the United States, m Alexandria, in the State
of Virginia.
GUSTAVUS B. HORNER.
Mr. SMITH. At the last session there was a
report made in the case of the heirs of Gustavus
B. Horner. That report was mislaid, and conse-
quently no order was made for its printing. It
has now been found, and as the case will come up
in a few days, I ask that the order may be made
for the printing of the report.
It was so ordered.
UNITED STATES COXJHTS IN FLORIDA.
Mr. MAXWELL, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
" to provide for holding the United States courts
in the northern and southern districts of Florida,
in case of the sickness or disability of either of
the judges of those districts."
Said bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
PLATTSBURG, NEW YORK.
Mr, SIMMONS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce inquire into
the expediency of providing, by law, for the completion of
the breakwater m the harbor of Platteburg, on LakeCham-
pfain, and for the purchase of a site and the erection of a
building at that place, suitable for a custom-house, post
office, and court-house, for holding the United States courts
in the northern district of New York.
Mr. FAULKNER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to ask the adop-
tion of this resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
authorized to send for persons and papers.
Several Members objected; se the resolution
was not received.
Mr. HAMILTON. I call for the regular order
of business.
CLERIC FOR A COMMITTEE.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I trust the gentleman
from Maryland will permit me to ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce a reso-
lution to allow the Committee on Territories a
clerk for thirty days. We have a great deal of
business to do, and this assistance is quite neces-
sary to enable us to transact it.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Maryland withdraw his motion ?
Mr. HAMILTON. Yes; let the resolution
come in, if nobody objects to it.
The SPEAKER, if objection is made to it,
the resolution cannot be considered.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am aware of that.
Mr. HAMILTON. If no one else objects to
it, { shall not.
The resolution was then read and agreed to, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be au-
thorized to employ a clerk, at ihe rate of four dollars p ;r
day, provided said clerk shall not be employed to exceed
thirty days.
GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF RHODF, ISLAND.
Mr. DAVIS, of Rhode Island, by unanimous
consent, presented resolutions of the General
Assembly of his State, relative to the otflcers and
soldiers of the war of 1812; also, resolutions rela-
tive to the'establishment of a naval depot in Nar-
ragansett bay; and also, resolutions in reference
to cheap postage.
Ordered, That said resolutions lie upon the table, and
be printed.
RIGHT OF SUFFRAGE IN THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER, by unanimous consent,
and in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a
bill f* to regulate and make uniform the right of
suffrage in the several Territories of the United
States;" which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Territories.
CORPORATE POWERS TO GEORGETOWN.
Mr. HAMILTON. I now insist upon the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of House bill No. 517,
" authorizing the corporate authorities of George-
town to impose additional taxes, and for other
purposes/' which was reported yesterday from
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, with an amendment. The previous ques-
tion was demanded by the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Hamilton,] and a motion was made
yesterday evening by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Letcher] to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. FLORENCE. The bill upon which the
vote is now about to be taken led to a good deal
of discussion yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania must be aware that debate is not in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 beg to ask the consent
of the House to have read a letter from a citizen
of this District in reference to this bill. I hope
the chairman of the Committee for the District of
Columbia will allow the House to be enlightened
by the reading of the letter.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indian^ I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I shall vote to lay
;j the bill upon the table.
'i Mr. LETCHER. I ask for the yeas and nays
ii on my motion to lay the bill upon the table,
i! The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Letcher's
motion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
49, nays 86; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Thomas H. Bayly, Bugg, Craige, Daw-
son, EdgertOD, Fenfon, Florence, Giddiogs, Greenwood,
Crow, Sampson W. Harris, Hastings, Haven, Ilibbard,
Houston, Howe, Hughes, George W. Jones, J. Giancy
Jones, Kmiedge, Letcher, Lilly, Lindsley, "McCulloch,
McNair, Smith Miller, Morrison, Nichols, Andrew Oliver,
Packer, Preston, R<->ariy, Refse, bobbins, Kuffirs, Seymour,
Shaw, Skelton, George W. Smyth, Straub, Andrew Stuart,
John J. Taylor, Tracy, Trout, Vansant, Wade, Walley,
Waltfb, and Warren—49.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Alien, Applcton, Ball, Bliss,
Breckinridge, Biidges, Bristow, Brooks, Campbell, Car-
penter, Chandler, Chase, Ohnsman, Clark, Clingman,
Cobb, Cojrwm, Cox, Croeker, Cullom, Curtis, John G.
Davis, Thomas Davis, Dickinson, Thomas D. Eliot, Eng-
lish, Etheridge, Farley, Franklin, Fuller, Goodrich, Good-
win, Green^ Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan,
Wiley P. Harris, Hendricks, Hiester, Hill, Hunt, Ingersoll,
Johnson, Roland Jones, Kidwell, Knox, Kurtz, Lamb,
Mcicdooald, McQueen,Mace, Macy,Maxwell,May, May-
ail, Meaeham, Norton, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Parker,
•Phelps, Phillips, Puryear, Riddle, David Ritchie, Thomas
Ritchey, Rogers, Russell, Sabin, Sapp, Shower, Simmons,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Richard H. Stanton,
John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Teller, Thurston,
Upham, Walker, Ellihu B. Washburne, Tappan Went-
worth, Westbrook, Yates, and Zolhcofrer—86.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The previous question was then seconded.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish to vote understand-
ingly upon this question, and I should like to in-
quire of tjie gentleman who reported this bill,
whether the citizens of Georgetown have by vote
authorized the corporation to impose additional
taxes for this purpose?
Mr. HAMILTON. I regret that the gentle-
man from Connecticut was not here yesterday,
for I then explained the matter to the best of my
recollection.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have seen it stated in a
newspaper that the citizens have never been con-
sulted.
Mr. HAMILTON. Oh yes, they have been
consulted.
Mr. FLORENCE. I call the gentleman from
Maryland to order.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The amendment reported from the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union was read
and adopted.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time, and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HAMILTON. Upon the passage of the
bill I demand the previous question.
The previous question received a second, and
£he main question was ordered to be put.
The question now being, << Shall the bill pass ?M
it was put, and, on a division, there were—ayes
72, noes 58.
.Mr. FLORENCE. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 82, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Alien, Applcton, Ball, Bliss,
Boyce, Bridges, Rristow, Brooks, Campbell, Carpenter,
Chandler, Chase, Chrisman, Clark, Cobb, Cox, Crockcr,
Cullom, Curtis, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Dickinson,
Edmund-son, Thomas D Eliot, English, Rtheridge, Frank-
lin, Fuller, Goodrich, Goodwin, Gieen, Hamilton, Aaron
Hmlan, Wiley P. Harris, Umdncks, Hill, Hillycr, Hunt,
Roland Jones, Kerr, Knox, Kurtz, Lamb, Latham, Mac-
donald, McMullin, McQueen, Macc, Macy, Maxwell,
Mayall, Norton, Mordecai Ohver, Oir, Parker, John Per-
kins, Phelps, Pratt, Puryear, Riddle, Rogers, Russell,
Sabin, Simmons, Singleton. Samuel A./Smith, William
Smith, William R. Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
II. Stanton, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Teller,
Thurstou, Upham, Walker, Eilihu B Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Wells, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, Yates,
and Zollicoffer—8*2.
NAYS—Messrs. Caskie, Craige, Dawson, Dowdell, Ed-
g^rton, EJhhon, Farley, Fenton, Florence, Giddmgs, Green-
wood, Grow, Andrew J. Harlan, Sampson W. Hams,
Hastings, Haven, Elibbard, Houston, Howe, Hughep,inger-
soll, Johnson, Geoige W. Jonefc, J. Glancy Jones, Kittredge,
Lane, Letcher. Lilly, Lindsley, McCulloch, McNair,
Smith Miller, Millson, Morrison, Nichols, Andrew Oliver,
Packer, Peck, Bishop Perkins, Preston, Ready, Reese,
David Ritchie, Thomas Ituchey, Itobbins, Ruffin, Sagft,
Sapp. Se>mour, Shaw, Shower, Skelton, George W.
Smyth, Straub, Andrew Stuart, John J, Taylor, Tracy,
Trout, Vansant, Wade, Wa'tiey, Walsh, and Warren—63.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HAMILTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion we a agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee for the District of Columbia, or
from any other committee having business relat-
ing to the District.
