1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
and, to my knowledge, since then thousands upon
thousands of citizens of this city have convened
over and pver again for the purpose of presenting
their petitions and resolutions to Congress, in
favor of obtaining it. Upon one occasion, I rec-
ollect that, in order that the voice of the people
might be signified in the most authoritative way,
by an arrangement among themselves, the quali-
fied voters (a restricted class) agreed that they
would signify their will upon this subject at a
municipal election in June, 1850, and the Register
of the Corporation of Washington city has certi-
fied here, over his own hand and designation of
office, that, in the several wards in this city where
ballots were cast upon the subject of judicial re-
form, there stood, for judicial reform, one thou-
sand two hundred and seventy-four votes, and
against it but twenty-seven !
Here is the certificate:
Kkoister's Office, Washington, )
December 21, 1851. S
I certify that, by the returns of the Commissioners of
E.ection fur June, 1850, the following was the return made
by them of the vote on judicial y reiorm:
-For.
First Ward  271
Second Ward  232
Third Ward, no vote returned 
Fourth Ward  148
Fifth Ward   
Sixth Ward..... 097
Seventh Ward *   .. 351
Jlgainti.
5
6
J ,274
W. J. McCOiuUiCK,
Rc«istcr.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask the honorable gentleman
from Maryland if he will be kind enough to state
at what time (hat election was held.
Mr. MAY. I11 Jane, 1850. Not only so, but
find on the files of Congress petitions, memo-
rials and resolutions upon this subject, which
might be piled up here like " Peliou' on Os«a,"
demanding, in most earnest terms, this reform m
the judiciary as a matter of right* vital to the pros-
perity and well-being of the people. { ran juht to
these influential and significant expressions of the
popular will, if it deserves consideration, the fact,
well known to you, Mr. Speaker, and other hon-
orable gentlemen who are present here, and were
present then, that, on my coming: here in a public
station, as a member of this [louse, that there
were extraordinary demonstrations of respect paid
to me by many of the most leading, and influen-
tial, and useful citizens of this District, founded, not
upon considerations of any respect merely personal
to me—no, sir; but altogether upon considerations
of respect for the part which 1 had taken in the
agitation of thia-question of judicial reform—about
which their feelings were deeply engaged—and j
invited by a confidence they reposed in me, that 1
would try to advance their hopes, and piomote
their interests here, according to the opportunities
of my legislative rights and privilege^. I there-
fore feel bound, by every obligation that I hold to
these people, earnestly and resolutely, with my
whole heart, to appeal to this House in behalf of
that reform, so long and so loudly called for by
the people of this District. It may be the onlv
opportunity that will be afforded me—and, in all
human probability will be—to accomplish this pur-
pose which they and i have so much at heart, f
cannot go hcnce without satisfying the claims of j
the people of this District upon me in this respect. |
The constitution of thecriminal court here is one j
full of interest, ft is a court where the integrity |
of the public archives and the safety of rhe public j
treasure are to be principally protected; and it is ;
the court where all criminal offenses committed j
against the people and property of this District, j
are to be prosecuted. I have seen it stated, as j
obtained from the court records, within the last ■
few days, that more than three hundred and sev- j
enty new cases have been presented at the present 1
te/m of this court to the grand jury attending it. !
Why, sir, this is a prodigious drain upon the \
Treasury of the United States, and goes to an j
amount beyond what can be well conceived. I i
shall present a statement to the House presently
of what all these expenses are.
When you consider, not only the struggle which
prevails among gentlemen who are commission-
ers, or justices of the peace, in this District, but
among the constables who serve them,all_striving
for their fees, which is their compensation, you
cannot escape the conviction, that there is a great
amount of business manufactureu in this way, in
the name of the Government, and at its expense.
£ shall show, by the report of the Secretary of the
Interio-r, made to you the other day, v/hat the
amount of mere fees is, which is thus demanded
from the United Spates.
Not only do we find these objections in the
administration of these courts—and 1 only touch
briefly upon the principal objections, so as not to
consume too much time—but we shall find, I
think, that the judicial plan is altogether too large
for the wants of the people of the District; too
slow, and too cumbrous, too technical, for the
enlightened administration of justice; that there is
nothing right or well conducted about it, accord-
ing to my humble views. Let me ascertain this
by some inquiry, in the way of comparison, be-
tween the new systems established in the States
of Virginia and Maryland, and the one which
prevails here, with that of the people of Alexan-
dria county, who, up to the year 1S4C, belonged to
this District of Columbia. By that comparison
we shall find that, while this fragment of the Dis-
trict has six judges, one judge, on the other side
of the river, performs the judicial duties of seven
counties—one judge only dispatching, for the
most part, the criminal, chancery, and general
common-law jurisdiction. There is, to be sure, a
county court, in each county, which has a limited
jurisdiction, and principally over testamentary
matters, and such as concern the police govern-
ment of their county. That judge receives a com-
pensation of $2}000 a year. In Maryland, in that
portion nearest to us, in its first judicial circuit,
one judge holds his court in three large counties of
that State, and performs all the judicial duties of
those three counties, except that which is per-
formed by the orphans' court, which is confined
chiefly to testamentary matters. That judge re*
ceivea$^,000 per year. The judges of the orphans'
court receive four dollars a day during the time
the court is m session, in this District there are
six judges, and those six judges receive, out of
the Treasury of the United States, $11,700, for
salaries alone. .Now, sir, the size of the judicial
establishment here, in point of salaries, swells to
tx largerarnount—I wish to speak of the year 1850,
as m that year I made the reference from which T
obtained my data—than the salaries of the judicial
establishments of five of the sovereign States of this
Union, and at this time is greater than the salaries
of the judges of thiecof the States, and very con-
siderably greater than those of the judicial estab-
lishments of two of the sovereign States of this
Union put together. The judicial salaries of the
States of—
Vermont, were then 
Rhode Inland    2,f>," U
Delaware  5.500
Fioiidn        8,000
Jowa    9.000
District ot Columbia 10,700
Now view this point in relation to population—
a fair republican way to measure it:
By the J*.Istvmntcd Cost of
States. Census. Population in 1800. Juihciut if.
Massachusetts'  991,000 R7,">,<)00 $25,7."0
Tennessee  1,000,000 960,000 ' 3-2,400
Kentucky  98:2 000 890,000 :«5 000
North Carolina.... «>9,0<)0 780,000 J8,000
South Carolina  f>:>y,<'00 (W0,000 31.500
Georgia  900,000 825,000 21.800
District of Columbia 51,(56? 50,000 10,100
Would this be credited ? Kentucky, the most
expensive of these States in her judiciary—more
than seventeen times larger in population—has yet
a system but little more than three times greater in
expense to her people than is our system here to
the United States. North Carolina, with a popu-
lation nearly sixteen times larger, pays only $7,300
more for her whole judiciary than is paid in this
District. Georgia, containing nearly seventeen
times more people, pays but little more than twice
the sum paid here. Georgia contains about 58,000
square miles; North Carolina about 45,500 square
miles; this District about GO square miles. It is
believed that " life, liberty, and property" are
quite as well protected in these States, as in this
District.
The following table will show what are the
labors of the judges of our circuit court:
Statement of the number of days on which the circuit court
has been in actual session sf'r.tc the first term of the court
as at 'present comlituted by Us judges.
October term....   1845.... 35 davs.
March "     1846,.,. 49 «
c Van Ness case tried this l
October term < term, and consumed > 1846.... 66days.
t six weeks of it, )
March "  1847.... 50 «
October "    1847 44 "
March "  ...1848.... 38 "
October «'  184?1.... 43 "
March "  1849.... 45 "
October "  1849.... 57 "
C So far forty-Mr days;)
March " < close m all probability £ 1850.... 56 "
( in tea days more, )
Total during five years 483 «
Or an average of ninety-six days and a fraction each
year.
Salary of three judges of circuit court during the sftme
period of five year$t (not including Judge Cranch's extra
pay,)
Judge Crarich,at $2,700 $13,500
Judge Morseti, at  2,500  12,500
Judge Uunlop, at.,....... 2y500  12,500
Total ,«38,f 00
Compare this with salary and labors of judges
in any State of the Union, who, in many cases, are
continually in extended circuits.
By going on and carrying out the comparison
with the population of the two adjoining districts,
of Maryland on the one side, and Virginia on the
other, we shall see that the cue judge who per-
forms the judicial duties of the district of Mary-
land has a population over whom he presides, of
fifty-one thousand four hundred and nine persons*
And Judge Tyler, who presides over seven coun-
ties of Virginia, has a population of eighty-nine
thousand five hundred and fourteen persons; while
here we have a population, according to the
census, of fifty-one thousand six hundred and
eighty-seven.
Now, sir, the report of the Secretary of the In-
terior states that the expenses of the coroner had
drawn from the Treasury the Bum of $9,800 in the
penod of four years—expenses found, by the
opinion of the Attorney General of the United
States, to be wholly unauthorized by law. I
read his report:
"Sometime after I entered upon the discharge of my
duties, I observed that many inquests were hold m the city
by the coroner, and found that the Mini ot .59,800 had, within
tho last lour years, been drawn from the Tieasury to defray
the expenses. Behoving those expenditures to be unau-
thorized by law, I sought Hie advice of tho Attorney Gen-
eral, who, in an elaboiate opinion, having concurred with
me, all further payments were discontinued."
There is also a question raised as to the fees to
which the clerk is entitled, and I wish to say to
this House that, according to the present judicial
establishment, there is but one clerk to all the
courts, and the fees of all are monopolized by one
person. I read from his report:
" In June, 1853, on the question being presented on ap-
peal, 1 way of opinion that the clerk of tho United States
courts in this District was, by tho on? hundred and pixfy-
seventh paragraph of the act of 1842, obliged, as other
cleiks, to make a report of his fees and emoluments, em-
bracing those of the criminal court. As n contrary view
had been taken by one of his predecessors, J submitted tho
que-iion to the Attorney General, who, upon a thorough
examination, came to the conclusion that such was his
duly. Fiom hi- leports, Fiuee made, after making large
allowance for expenses, his fees and emoluments in the
fiveyeai sending the :31st of December last, were $29,986 48,
being an excess of $13,4^0 48 over the maximum allowed
by Jaw, which will be lefunded. There is not even a
plausible pretext for hi* being made a solitary exception to
a uile appJying to the clerks ol all the other United States
courts."
The Secretary also says that the expenses arising
from criminal complaints draws from the Treas-
ury of the United States upwards of §10,000, and
he calls upon Congress to correct this evil:
"By existing laws the cost? of all criminal complaints
made tvd'oie the magistrates of this District, whether the
complaint is sustained or not, are paid by the General Gov-
ernment. This item, for the Jast fiscal year, amounted to
upwards of $10,500. The power should surely be con-
fened upon the magistrate or court to compel the com-
plainant to pay the costs in all cases where the magistrate
or court may deem the prosecution unfounded, frivolous,
or malicious. Tins may be the means of preventing the
institution of many prosecutions in which the public have
no interest.
" The judicial expenses of the United States are largely
on the increase. To som#1 extent tins is natural, and many
causes contribute to it; but some exist which seem to be
unnecessary, and should, therefore, be 'removed. A pre-
eminent one is believed to be the great number of terms
and places at which courts axe held.''
I have a table here, communicated to me by the
Secretary of the Treasury, upon my request, in
the following letter:
