U8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
- . - Treasury Department, )
Register's Office, December 18, 1854. $
Sir : Inclosed I hive tlie honor to hand you a statement
of thfe " judicial expenses of the District of Columbia for
the last five years," as requested by theHon. Henry May.
The -accounts of the marshals are made up without re-
gard to years, and, of consequence, great difficulty arises in
making a yearly statement, and I have, therefore, taken the
amounts advanced to marshals in each year, made an aggre-
gate, deducted therefrom expenses of Supreme Court, and
balances due by marshals, and the remainder divided into
five equal parts, assuming that to be the best way of get-
ting at the yearly expenditures; which, it is believed, will
answer the purposes of the Hon. Henry May.
I have the honor to be, very respecUuily, your obedient
sevaut,
V. BlGGKR.
Mr. G. Rodman, Chief Clerk Treasury Department,
Statement of the JudicialExpensesofthe District of Colum-
bia, for Jive years, ending 3Ol/t June, 1854.
Salaries of chief justice, associate judges of
the circuit court of the United States, and
judges of the criminal and orphans' courts,
for the year ending 30th June, 1850,^10,700 oo
District attorney  200 00 •
Other expenses averaged  52,219 31
 §63,169 11
Salaries of chief justice, associate
judges, and judges of the criminal
and orphans' courts, for the year
ending 30th June, 1851 $11,075 00
District attorney....   150 00
It. H. Gillett, additional counsel.... 250 09
Other expenses averaged..  52,219 11
Salaries of chief justice, associate
judges, and judges of the criminal
and orphans' courts, for the year
ending 30th Jane, 1852..   ..$11,900 00
District attorney.   100 00
Other expenses averaged   52,219 11
Salaries of chief justice, associate
judges, and judges of the criminal
and orphans' courts, for the year
ending 30th Juno, 185.3 $11,266 68
District attorney  3:>0 00
Other expenses averaged.    52,210 J1
Salaries of chief justice, associate
judges, and judges of the criminal
and orphans' courts, for the year
ending 30th June, 1854 $11,700 00
Other expenies averaged........... 52,219 10
03,094 11
03,519 11
63,835 77
63,919 10
$318.137 20
F. BIGGER, Register.
Treasury Department,
IUoister's Office, December 18, 1854.
This subject of large av?d increasing expenses has
been a subject of constant complaint, and the people
here are groaning under their share of the fees
attendingtheir judicial transactions. It has doubt-
less often been broughttothe notice of members of
Congress that anybody here, on the least pretext,
may institute a criminal prosecution against any-
body else. The fact is notorious, that people do
get up brawls and quarrels of the most insignifi-
cant character, men stand around and witness it,
and a complaint is lodged. The justice of the
peace gels his fees for issuing the warrant for the
arrest of the parties; for the witnesses, and they
get fees for giving evidence; and the constable
also gets his share. The parties are then sent to
the grand jury; and let me say that the grand jury
here is absolutely a standing establishment of the
county for a great part of the year. How long,
1 cannot say. Members of the grand jury have
constantly remonstrated against the injustice done
the Government in this respect. Crowds on
crowds of witnesses go to the grand jury, besiege
their doors, and remain during the whole term
of the court, originating; these frivolous and too
often malicious prosecutions, for the sake of the
$1 25 perdiem which they receive from the United
.States Treasury. And this is one of the causes
magnifying the judicial expenses of this District,
and desetves serious attention.
Now, Mr. Speaker, not having time left to dwell
on these details longer, and believing that their
force will be acknowledged, I shall turn to the his-
tory of the legislation of Congress on this subject,
and show the House that from the cession of the
District down to the present time, committees on
committees, Congress after Congress,have agreed
that the judicial" establishment and laws of this
District, are mo'st deficient, and need sweeping re-
forms, Two codes of laws have been prepared
under the authority of Congress, and published
with aview of remedying this evil; yet up to this
hour not one single provision of either has been
adopted or put in force. Mr. Powers, chairman
of the Committee for the District of Columbia, at
the first session of the Twenty-First Congress,
made a report on this whole subject, in which,
after enumerating the evils attending it, goes on
to say:
" In view of all these facts, your committeecannot avoid
coming to the conclusion that they call for the prompt and
eiBcicnt action of Congress; and that the prosperity of this
people, the reputation of the country, the character of our
republican Government, and the general cause of liberty,
are deeply concerned in the result.
" For these multiplied and complicated evils what is the
remedy ?
" If it were practicable, your committee would not hes-
itate to recommend an immediate restoration of this Dis-
trict to the States from which it was taken, and the people
to the enjoyment or those political rights and privileges of
which they have been deprived, reserving to the Federal
Government all due control over the public property, and,
if thought requisite, such other means of self-protection as
might be devised. While this would be the.best, it is per-
haps the only effectual remedy whicn can be proposed.
This proposition was made in Congress in less than two
years after its assumpuon of the government of this Dis-
tuct.
" On the 8th of February, 1803, Mr. Bacon,amcmber of
the House of Itoprwsentatives from Itfasoachusetts, offered
the following resolutions:
" <Resolved, That it is expedient for Congress to re-
cede to the State of Virginia the jurisdiction of that part
of the territory which was ceded to the United States by
the said State of Virginia, by an act passed the 3d of De-
cember, 1789.
" ' Resolve.!, That it i<? expedient for Congress to recede
to the State of Maryland the jurisdiction of that part of
the territory of Columbia which was ceded to the United
State* by the said State of Maryland, by an act passed
the 19th of December, 1791: Provided, The said States
should consent and agree thereto."
■ "These resolutions were immediately referred toa Com-
mittee of the Whole House; and the reasons urged in their
favor were:
" 1. That exclusive jurisdiction is not necessary nor use-
ful to the Government.
" 2. That it deprives the inhabitants of the District of
their political rights. "
" 3. That much of the time of Congress was consumed
in legislating for the District.
4. That the government of the District is expenbive.
"5. The incompetency of Congress to legislate for the
District, because iho members are strangers to its local
concerns.
lt6. It is an example of a government without repre-
sentation—an experiment dangerous Jo Uio liberties ot die
States."
I read another extract:
II They will next inquire whether the committees of both
Houses of Congress for the District, in addition to their
other legislative duties, can devote sufficient time to the
revision of the laws and the civil and criminal jurisprudence
of this Territory as is manifestly indispensable.
"Your committee think not, and will offer no further
reason than the facts above stated, and the past experience
on this subject."
Among other things this committee addressed
circular letters to nearly oil the gentlemen of the
bar here, inviting the expression of their opinions
on the subject, and, by examination of this doc-
ument, it will be found that all, without a single
exception, represented that the evils of the judicial
system of the District were oppressive. Some
were in favor of one reform, some of another, ac-
cording to the old maxim—" To thomines quot sen-
tenticc"—but all were for reform, in a gi eater or
less degree, which is ever so applicable to this
subject. The late distinguished and honored
Francis S. ICey, in his reply, makes an observation
that 1 will read:
" 30. My opinion is that much less of the time of Con-
gress would be required for our legislation, as we are, than
under a territorial government. If a tolerable system of
laws and proper judicial tribunals are once given to us, wc
should require very little legislation afterwards.1'
That opinion is shared in by other and eminent
gentlemen of the bar. It has been affirmed and
reaffirmed, over and over again. To remedy the
evils complained of, the present bill has been
introduced. It gives, according to my humble
judgment, a good judicial establishment, and pro-
vides for a proper and just system of laws. It
will be the means of saving a great deal of the
time of Congress, which is so often engaged in
the consideration of the local business of this Dis-
trict. We have now had three days set apart for
the consideration of such business, and that only.
The expenses of Congress for these three days
would, 1 presume to think, be infinitely more than
sufficient to defray the expenses of establishing
this new system. This, it seems to me, ought to
be a convincing argument.
Itwau theopinionof the very enlightened Judge
Cranch, that there ought to be a codification of
the laws of this District. And 1 am sure that I
can confidently quote his opinion. It is-to be
found in this volume. As eatly as 1802, resolu-
j tions were introduced into Congress for retroces-
sion, or a local legislature, or for a new judiciary
and other laws. All these plans have been pro-
posed by our committees. Again, in 1803, there
were reports made, and resolutions adopted in
Congress. And again, the same thing in 1803
and 1804. In 1809 the grand jurv of Washing-
ton took up the subject and came before Congress
in a most earnest request in favor of certain re-
forms. In 1816, a resolution was passed by
Congress authorizing the judges of the District to
prepare a code of laws. But that Congress made
no appropriation to defray the expense of its
preparation. TJnder these circumstances the chief
justice took upon himself the labor of performing
that duty alone. After having devoted a great deal
of his time to the subject he presented a code of
laws, which was printed, and which I now hold
in my hands, (alarge volume;) but Congress never
found time to consider it, and it fell still-born from
the press. I say Congress never had time to con-
sider this code in detail, and they never will have
time to do so. If we are to wait until the several
provisions of a code are acted upon by Congress,
the people of the District will have to wait, 1 fear,
until " the crack of doom."
Again, in 1820,^there were resolutions reported
by a joint committee of both Houses of Congress.
A local legislature was recommended to be estab-
lished by the resolutions which were reported in
1825. In 1830, again the establishment of a cod?
for the District was recommended, and an able
report made by Mr. Powers, who seems to have
investigated the whole subject with great attention.
That committee did come to the conclusion that it
was the duty of Congress to provide for the estab-
lishment of a code which should be printed and
distributed for the use of the District of Columbia.
Again, in 1833, a distinguished member from
Virginia, an eminent lawyer, the late Philip Dod-
drige, undertook the work of preparing a codefor
the District. The result of his labors is com-
prised in this volume before me, which was
printed, but nothing farther was done upon the
part of Congress than to receive his report, and
order it to be printed.
Now, sir, I have endeavored to show wha
attempts have been made to correct the abuses L
the judicial system of the District, it has been
conceded on all hands, by every Congress and
by every committee of every Congress whlci
has investigated the subject, that it is the impera*
tive duty of Congress, devolving upon them b)
that clause of the Constitution of the United
States which gives them exclusive power anr
jurisdiction over the District, to provide some cod^
of laws which shall, in some degree, conform t«
the improvements of the age and the progress o,
society.
I therefore think that the considerations I havt
presented, together with the authoritative conclu-
sions to which all the committees of Congress who
have ever given the subject their attention have
arrived, will bring us to believe that there are
great evils and defects connected with, and existing
in, the judicial system of the District, snd that are
l( calling loudly," in the language of the Attorney
General, for the reforming hand of Congress.
The Committee on the Judiciary have given the
subject under consideration a careful and deliberate
investigation, and the plan which they have pre-
sented to the House by this bill, I now propose to
explain, so far as the time afforded me will permit.
The preamble of the bill states that " since the
retrocession of Alexandria county to the State of
Virginia, it has become expedient to reduce the
number of judges in the District of Columbia, and
curtail the judicial expenses, and that it is repre-
sented by citizens of this District that the courts
thereof should be reorganized, and its laws re-
formed and improved/'
The first section of the bill abolishes the present
judicial plan altogether, because no system can be
constructed out of the present materials which it
would be advisable to adopt. Every system that
has hitnerto been proposed to be constructed out
of it has failed to meet the favorable consideration
of Congress. There are too many courts. There
are too many judges. The whole system is too
expensive. It is too cumbersome. Its imperfec-
tions appear even to the blind.
Theie can be no doubt as to the power of Con-
gress to abolish these courts. Congress created
them, and it may destroy them. But if there
should be any difficulty upon this point, the posi-
