120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21*
number, so that the duty of a juror shall be dis-
tributed among the people of the District as
equally as possible, and thus rendering it certain
that the respectable and intelligent citizens shall,
in turn, perform such a responsible duty. Now,
this class of citizens are oftentimes compelled to
sit, for weeks and months together, upon the jury,
with those with whom such an association is too
often repugnant. Hence, upon this account, the
office of juror is often given up to those who have
'no other occupation, and are, in this sense, pen-
sioners upon<the judiciary fund. This bill pro-
Tides for a very efficient system, copied out of the
codes of New England, and which has been
adopted in several of the western States—a most
admirable plan of securing an impartial jury.
The twentieth section of the bill provides " that
the President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, shall be authorized to appoint two
persons, learned in the law, to revise, simplify,
digest, and codify the laws of the District, and
also the rules and principles of practice, of plead-
ings, of evidence, and conveyancing, and to add
thereto, and codify such laws of the Slate of
Maryland, as may be applicable to the circum-
stances and condition of said District,"and which
may be, or become in force during the preparation
of the code. It is intended to give the benefit, not
only of the present system that now exists in force
in Maryland, and of which the laws here, for the
most part, are the basis, but also the benefits of
that new system which is now in the course of
preparation, and which will include every im-
provement of the most enlightened systems. The
work of codification of the laws, in Maryland, is
intrusted to some of the ablest lawyers of the
State; and we flatter ourselves that it will be a
proud monument of their wisdom and labor. The
work of codification here will draw around it the
advantages of the judicial system of Maryland,
which are to be found in its published reports, so
that the Government and people here, under its
charge, will have not only the benefit of the im-
proved system of jurisprudence, but the judicial
interpretations of that system which have been
made at the expense of the State of Maryland,
and which are to bo found in the reports of that
State. The code proposed by this bill is to be
" constructed according to a simple method, and
expressed in language concise and plain; and, as
far as possible, made level to the understanding of
a person of ordinary intelligence and education;"
and it is to contain a full and particular index.
The Board of Aldermen and Common Council of
the city of Washington are to elect five compe-
tent persons, and the Board of Aldermen and
Council ofGeorgitown are to elcct two competent
persons, and the levy court of the county of
Washington is to elect one competent, person,
which persons together .shall compose a board, to
consider, at convenient seasons, the provisions of
said code, as it may be prepared; and any three of
said persons to constitute a quorum of said board;
and it is to be the duty of the said persons who
may be appointed to codify the laws to attend
the meetings of the board. They are required to
attend in order to explain the provisions of the
code as it advances, and the Attorney General
may attend the meetings in order to give such ad-
vice, as may be necessary, and, with the aid of
the codifiers, to bring the influence of intellect
and science to govern their conclusions. When
these persons have considered and adopted the
provisions of the code, or such portions of it as
may be deemed by them to be applicable to the
condition of the people heie, they are to ceitify
the same to the President of the United States,
who shall thereupon, if the same be approved.by
him, cause it to be published in a neat and conve-
nient form, and to be substantially bound; and lie
shall cause a sufficient number of volumes of said
code to be printed and bound as may be necessary
for the amplest distribution of the same among
the people of said District, and for the preserva-
tion of said code, so that thS people may have an
opportunity, in certain designated public offices
and places of seeing and understanding its pro-
visions. Here is seen the popular sanction in
making the code, and a complete mode of inform-
ing the people of its contents. By proclamation
the President is then to convene the citizens of the :
District of Columbia at a time and places to be I
appointed by him for the purpose of voting for or I
against the adoption of the code. When the!
returns of that election are presented to the Presi-
dent, he is to report them along with the code for
the consideration of Congress, and a period down
to the first Monday of December, 1857, is afforded
for that purpose. If the code shall meet the
approbation of Congress, it shall be then pro-
claimed by the President as the law of the District.
The House will at once see the benefits of this
plan. You withdraw from the consideration of
Congress any necessity for considering the details
of the provisions of the code, a task which has
heretofore prevented the adoption of any system,
however satisfactory and complete. And this
mode will prove to be sufficient for all those gen-
tlemen who acknowledge the sovereignty of the
people, and their right to be consulted about the
laws under which they are to live. I think no
one will be found ready to deny this privilege,
even to the people of this disfranchised District;
and this especially when we know that at the
time of the adoption of the Constitution, it was
expressly declared by Mr. Madison, in one of
his letters in the Federalist, as the true meaning
of the Constitution, as it relates to the people of
the District of Columbia, " that they will have
had their voice in the election of the Government
which is to preside over them, and a municipal le-
gislature, for local purposes, derived from their own
free suffrages, will, nf course, be allowed to them."
If the code should meet the approbation of the
people of the District, I think it will then come
recommended in away certain to meet the favor
of Congress. Thus will an end be put to the
constant appeals which are made to us here ses-
sion after session, for improvement upon this
piece, and alteration of that piece, of legislation,
and which are multiplying with the increasing
wants of the people. It is indispensably neces-
sary, we think, that new judges shall be created
for the purpose of introducing the new system.
Every lawyer knows that there is no principle in
the philosophy of practical jurisprudence clearer,
as is constantly shown in the history of almost
every State in this Union, than where you propose
to introduce these new reforms in thejudicial insti-
tutions or laws, that you should have new judges
appointed to administer them. We know that the
judicial habits to which the bench have been
accustomed for a longtime, makg them unfriendly
to changes or innovations.
I thank the House for the privilege of explain-
ing the twentieth section, and for the patient
attention with which they have listened to my
explanations of the bill. I have only to regret
that I have been constrained to present so general
and impci feet a skctch of its provisions.
Mr. BRIDGES. I am satisfied, from the very
lucid and able statement made by the honorable
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Mat,] that a
reform in the judiciary system of this District is
necessary. 1 have examined the bill, and I am
satisfied that its provisions are well calculated to
effect a reform so greatly needed. I rose for the
purpose merely ol moving, as I now do, that the
bill be immediately put upon its passage; and, upon
that motion, 1 demand the previous question.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I hope that
the demand for the previous question will not be
pressed.
[Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, here reported, as correctly enrolled, a bill of
the following title:
An act to suppress the circulation of small notes
as currency in the District of Columbia.
Which thereupon received the signature of the
Speaker.!
Mr. BRIDGES. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts wishes to speak upon this subject, I
will withdraw the previous question, provided he
will renew it when he closes.
Mr. ELIOT. I desire to have this subject
somewhat debated. I have not prepared myself
so to speak upon it as I wish to do; but I cannot
agree to renew the call for the previous question,
in view of the great importance of this bill to the
District. J want it discussed and debated some-
what—not at length—but so that we may have
some understanding of the provisions of the bill
whicn we are now called upon to pass.
Mr. BRIDGES. I will, then, withdraw the
call for the previous question generally.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, when it is remem-
bered that the membeis of this House have not
yet heard the provisions of this bill read, and that
it is a bill more directly implicating the happiness
of every member of this District than all the bills
which have been passed, aggregated and quadru-
pled, the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. BriOges] will, I am quite sure, justify me
—more than excuse me—for not being willing
to promise, in advance, to renew the previous
question, which he was kind enough to withdraw,
at first conditionally.
Why, Mr. Speaker, this bill has been, it is
said, before the committee since last June. Ithas
been printed, and copies of it have been laid, for
ought I know, upon the table of the members.
But in its present form, it came from the commit-
tee freshly, this forenoon, and now, in a House not
full by any means, after many members have with-
drawn and retired for the enjoyment of the hol-
idays, without preparation, without premonition,
without discussion, but upon the statement of the
honorable member from Maryland, [Mr. Mat,]
who has frankly told the House that there were
reasons, privately operating upon his mind, which
impelled him, at first, to decline the labor of this
investigation—a declaration fairly made by him,
and expected of him by me—yet under such cir-
cumstances, and upon that one statement, it would
seem as though a bill, involving the happiness,
the rights, social and private, of every man in the
District, ought not to be passed upon now.
It was but yesterday that my attention was called
to this bill. Of course, I cannot pretend to have
that acquaintance with the subject which the
honorable gentleman from Maryland by his in-
vestigation has attained. Nevertheless, I have
some. Why, sir, this District is a home to me,
and that court, too, has not been without its in-
terest, and those judges have not been strangers
to me, and 1 cannot sit still and see this guillotine,
this decapitation, this ruthless legislating away
the offices held by them, and filled by them ably
earnestly, and most learnedly, without now upon
the spot, and without other preparation than that
which has been afforded to me in the brief time
since this matter has been called to our notice,
rising here and saying what I know.
Mr. Speaker, 1 should like to know how it is
apparent to this House that the members of this
bar desire this alteration 
Mr. MAY, (interrupting.) I would say to the
gentleman that since I closed my remarks, at this
moment, there hag been brought and laid upon
my table, a paper signed by thirty-four members
ot the bar of this District, respectable gentlemen,
personally known to me as such, who state what
their desire is upon the subject, and that they have
seen and read this bill, and they, memorializing,
respectfully pray that it may be passed. I think
this memorial is a very honorable testimony to
the independence of their character.
There was a remonstrance sent to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and considered by it; and J
am bound to say that that remonstrance was signed
by twenty-five gentlemen, honorable and, some of
them, distinguished members of the bar In this
city; but I believe that the modifications now made
in the plan of this bill have met the principal objec-
tions made by that remonstrance.
Mr. ELIOT. I should be glad to know if the
honorable gentleman will state whether there are
not reasons given in the remonstrance against our
present, action, growing out of the absence, on the
part of the people, of any expression of a wish
of action here; and whether that provision con-
tained in the twentieth section of this bill, as now
modified, has been inserted for the purpose of
meeting that objection?
Mr. MAY. It has.
Mr. ELIOT. The modification of the twen-
tieth section has then removed some of the objec-
tions to the bill, and to the plan proposed by the
committee. I would very gladly remove them all,
but, in my judgment, that is not practicable in the
bill as now presented. I have yet to learn that,
under the Constitution under which we live, and
under which those judges, who are acted upon
directly by this bill, hold the offices now occupied
by them, we have fairly power to legislate in the
manner proposed by this bill, as it came from the
committee.
Mr. Speaker, I understand that, aa the remon-
strance and the petition stand, there have been
thirty-two members of the bar who have applied
for a change, and have notified the honorable gen-
tleman irom Maryland that they are satisfied with
