122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21.
V
These courts, then, are not constitutional courts, in which
the judicial power conferred by the Constitution upon the
General Government can be deposited. They are incapable
of receiving it. Thoy are legislative courts, created in
virtue of the general right of sovereignty which exists in
the Government, or in virtue of that clause which enables
Congress to make all needful rules and regulations respect-
ing the territory belonging to the United States;"
Just as they have exclusive power over the Dis-
trict of Columbia. The report proceeds:
"The jurisdiction with which they are invested is not a
part of that judicial power which is defined in the third
article of the Constitution, but is conferred by Congress in
the execution of those general powers which that body
possesses over the Territories of the United States. Al-
though admiralty jurisdiction can be exercised in the courts
in the States, in those courts only which are established
in pursuance of the third article of the Constitution, the
same limitation' does not extend to the Territories. In
legislating for them, Congress exercises the combined pow-
ers of the general, and of a State government."
Mr. ELIOT. That is for the Territories.
Mr. STANTON. Just as it does for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. ELIOT. Does that extend to the courts ?
_ Mr. STANTON. It does, if the first conclu-
sion be correct. As I remarked, my conclusions
are based upon this decision of the Supreme
Court, If it were an original question I should
be of a different opinion.
Mr, ELIOT. I hope the gentleman will give
his attention to this question, and determine for
himself whether the Territories in the respect, of
which he has explained, stand upon the same
ground with the District of Columbia in reference
to this circuit couit, which we are about to abol-
ish.
Mr. STANTON. With only this distinction,
that by the law of 1801, establishing the courts in
this District, the*tenure of the judges i« during
good behavior, and by abolishing the courts we
abolish the office at the same time, and they do
not hold their offices for life. That is the only
difference.
Mr. ELIOT. Therefore they do not hold
their offices during good behavior! Why, sir,
that is very plain. Bat I would beg leave to ask
for an answer to the question which I had partly
propounded when I was interrupted. Where
does the President derive the power, under the
Constitution, to appoint a judge of a United
States court, except during good behavior? Sir,
there is no such power. If he has power to
appoint a judge for a term less than that, it must
have been conferred upon him by the act creating
the office. How can the President of the United
States appoint judges for these courts for ten
years? He is not authorized to do it by the bill.
He is not empowered to doit by the Constitution.
Where then does he get his authority ? I wait
for an answer.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I think the gentleman will
find an answer in thc*second section of the second
article of the Constitution.
Mr. ELIOT. Read it.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I will do so. It gays:
" The President shall have power, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, to make treaties* *
" shall appoint embassadors and other public ministers and
consuls, judges of the Supreme Court, and all oilier officers
ot the United States, whose appointments are not herein
.otherwise provided for, and which shall be established by
law."
Mr. ELIOT. That is all the Constitution says.
He shall appoint judges of the Supreme Court
and all other officers of the United States. Now,
sir, that same Constitution says that judges of
the Supreme Court shall hold their offices during
good behavior. _My question is: Whence does
the'President derive the power to appoint judges,
except during good behavior, unless that power is
g'ven to him by the precise act itself? That is
the question to which I want an answer. I do
not mean to say that the power does not exist.
I mean only to suggest the question to the Judi-
ciary Committee, who have had this subject under
consideration since last June. Undoubtedly they
can give me an answer.
Mr. SEYMOUR. My idea is, that when the
law establishes an office,, the Constitution devolves
upon the President the power of appointment to
that office, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate. That seems to be the language of
the Constitution, as ! have read it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Legislature decides
what shall be the term of office.
Mr. SEYMOUR. The Legislature creates the
office and fixes the term, and the President makes
the appointment, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate. I again call the attention of the
gentleman to the language of the Constitution:
" The President shall appoint judges of the Supreme
Court, and all other officers of the United Slates whose
appointments are not herein otherwise provided Jor, and
which shall be established by law,"
Whenever the Legislature establishes by law an
office, the appointment to that office devolves,
under the Constitution, upon the President.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts allow me to ask him a question i
Mr. ELiOT. Certainly.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know if the
gentleman from Massachusetts is now contending
or means to contend that Congress has no power,
under the Constitution, to pass this bill, because
it would abolish the offices of judges in this
District ? Am 1 to understand him as taking that
ground ?
Mr. ELIOT. I must answer that question in
the affirmative if I answer it in one word.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will the gentleman then
allow me to give him a case which I conceive to
be one precisely in point?
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly, sir.
Mr. McMULLIN. When the city of Alex-
andria formed a part of the District of Columbia,
Judge Neil was the presiding judge of one of the
courts in that city, but when the retrocession to
the State of Virginia took place, he was legislated
out ofhis office. The office wasabolished ipso facto,
to all intents and purposes. I must be allowed to
express my surprise that the learned gentleman
from Massachusetts should contend, before this
House and the country, that Congress has no
power so to legislate as either to extend or abolish
the judicial circuits of the country.
Mr. ELIOT. Will the gentleman be kind
enough to tell me under what constitution Judge
Neil held his office?
Mr. McMULLIN. Under the Constitution of
the United States, as organized by law—by act
of Congress.
Mr. ELIOT. Not under a law of the State of
Virginia ?
Mr. McMULLIN. No, sir.
Mr. MAY. His office was created by the act
of February 27, 1801.
Mr. ELIOT. And he was appointed by the
President?
Mr. McMULLIN. Yes; sir.
Mr. MAY. I dislike to interrupt the gentle*
man from Massachusetts, but, as he has alluded
to Judge Cranch, I wish to refer him to a doc-
ument in which he will find the replies of that
venerable judge to questions put to him by a
committee of the House of Representatives, in
respect to the amount of the duties of the circuit
court. Observe that this was before the establish-
ment of the criminal court and before the retro-
cession of Alexandria county; it was when the
circuit court had the whole jurisdiction of a gen-
eral character, common law, chancery, and crim-
inal of the whole District.
Judge Cranch says:
"The ciicuit court now consists of three judges, either
of whom, with the ordinary share of health winch they
have heretofore enjoyed, would, in respcrtto the lahor and
time required, be competeritto discharge all the duties of the
court."
Mr. ELIOT. What is the date of that?
Mr. MAY. Eighteen hundred and thirty.
That is the reply of Judge Cranch to an interrog-
atory addressed to him by a committee of Con-
gress with respect to the amount of labor the court
had to perform, and that was before the retroces-
sion to Virginia, at a time when two terms had to
be held in Alexandria, and also before the criminal
was separated from the civil jurisdiction. At that
time, says Judge Cranch, one judge was able to
attend to the whole duty, and I believe that one
such judge as he, was able to do it.
Mr. ELIOT. "Onesuchjudgeashe," thebon-
orable member says, was able to perform all the
duties of the court. That is an answer to the
suggestion made just now by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bridges,] overthe way. But
that opinion of Judge Cranch was expressed be-
fore the letrocession to Virginia. Atthattimethe
population of the District of, Columbia was less
than its present population by more than one third.
In 1850 there were over sixty-six thousand inhab-
itants here I cannot state what has been the
increase sinpe that time. The population of the
city of Alexandria was not at that time, if I am
correct in my recollection, much more than eight
thousand, in point of fact, the duties have in-
creased and the population lias increased, so that
at the present time the duties incumbent upon the
court since the retrocession are vastly more thaa
all the duties performed before it.
In regard to this matter of duties, (my argu-
ment is desultory enough, you see,) let me call the
attention of the House to some statistics. It is
said that the courts here have nothing to do.
What was the number of suits instituted in 1850
in the circuit court of the county of Washington ?
It was 643, and the number of trials and judg-
ments was 376. In 1840 the number of suits
instituted was 909; of' trials 350. In 1847 there
were 759 suits, and 557 trials. In 1848,664 suits,
and 482 trials. In 1849 there were 694 suits, ani
296 trials. That, too, is exclusive of the large
equity jurisdiction of the court. In 1845 there
were no less than 48 bills filed; in 1846, 61; in
1849, 81, and up to June, 1850, 38.
I desire to speak upon another point, to which
the honorable gentleman from Maryland referred.
There has not been a circuit court anywhere, I
believe, since circuit courts were established,
where the amount of business has been equal to
that done in Washington, and where there have
been so few reversals, by the Supreme Court of 1
the United States, of the judgments made by the 1
judges here. That was the case at the time the j
report was made in the other branch of Congress,- |
and yet this fact is to be considered, that the ;
judges of the circuit court of the District of Co- '
lumbia do not sit here, in the Capitol, to defend
their judgments, when appeals are taken. Their
judgments are contested here, and no one is upon
the bench of the Supreme Court to defend them.
In all the other circuits thecircuit judge is present,
and can state to his brethren tile reasons upon
which he based his opinions.
_ Not so with the decisions which come from the
circuit court here—and yet a less number of re-
versals have been had here than in any other
circuit court of the United States. Does not that
fact speak for the character of this judiciary and
of its judges? The letters I have in my hands are
full upon that point. Inquiries were made in
regard to the manner in which the business of the
court was discharged. 1 do not understand that
there is a dissenting voice; and I understand the-
testimony to be uniform to the utility and faith-
fulness, the untiring perseverance and diligence
manifested upon the part of the judges who have
occupied that bench. Certainly it cannot be con-
tended, if there is one not now among his breth-
ren, that it furnishes a reason why that court,
should be legislated out of existence.
The honorable gentleman from Maryland says
that a new system cannot be ingrafted upon the
present system. Such was not the judgment of
other gentlemen who have had the same matter
under their consideration; for it was stated by
Judge Butler, of South Carolina, in the report to
wnich I have referred, and from whichl have
drawn most of the facts that I have stated to the
House, that in the opinion of the committee there
was no cause for such a revolution as a bill like
this contemplated; that it was easy to ingraftupon
the system now existing such improvements, such
alterations, and such amendments, as would meet
the wants of the profession, and answer the ends
of justice. An honorable member inquires of me
what report this is. I beg leave to state, that I
read from the report made by Judge Butler in the
senate, August 22d, 1850. It will be found in
Senate document, No. 185, of the 31st Congress.
cl'tZ!"1' c°"llyittee entertain no doubt that the present
-ystem might be remodeled and amended, so as to reouire
hie.K.rn5iUJIi ge5'in a dl?ereilt mode of administration, to,
be transferred to different jurisdictions, or to have different
jurisdictions consolidated so as to require one magistrate to
discharge certain duties that have devolved upon two or
more. And in this way different jurisdictions might be
1,", ,i,m<^ and Pe'haP3 some one ot them
abonshed by the transfer: as, for instance, the duties of the
orpjans court might be transferred to the chancellor, but
leaving Ine subjects of such juiisdiction Mill remaining.
touch does not appear to be the essential design of the bill.
It assumes that other judpes are to be elected by the people -
to fulfill the duties presciibed in the bill, and, of course, for
that purpose, that the present judges are first to be removed.
The removal of the presentjurigesisan essentia! incident—
and, perhaps, aim—m the operation of the contemplated
measure, and is to be effected by a mere act of legislation.
As ha« been remarked, the judges, under the Constitution,
holdtheiroffices for life, or during good behavior. Nothing
jibs been brought to the view of the committee to show that
