1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
they have forfeited their right to hold tbeir offices by this
tenure; and if any evidence had been produced touching
that delicate subject, it would not have become the com-
mittee to have received it, as it is not its province to give
any opinion—much less to pronounce an authoritative
decision—which could have the effect of removing the
present incumbents. To abolish the piesent courts and
make a provision to elect other judges by the people, to
perform the duties of its judges, under different forms of
jurisdiction merely, would be, in effect, to remove the
present judges from office."
I believe it is true that the jurisdiction of this
court is larger than the jurisdiction of the other
circuit courts of the United States.
I will read an extract from Judge Butler's re-
port:
"The circuit court of the District of Columbia was created
by the act of February £7,1801, chapter 15, (2 Statutes at
Large, page 103.) By the third section, it i6 enacted i that
there shall be a court m said District, winch nhall be called
the circuit court ot the District of Columbia; and the said
court, and the judges thereof, shall liavv all the powers by
law vested in the circuit counts, and the judges of the
circuit courts, of the United Stales. Saul court shall
consist of one chief judge and two assistant judges, resi-
dent within said District, to hold fheir respocuve offices
during good behavior—any two of whom fehall constitute
a quorum ; and each of the sa-d judges *hall, before he
enter on his office, take the oath or atimnniion provided
by law to be taken by the judges of the circuit courts of
the United States.' And by the fifth section it ia enacted
'that sHid couit shall have cognizance of all crimes and
offenses committed within said DiMnct, and of all cases
in law and equity between parties both or either of winch
shall be resident or found within said District; and also oi
all actions or suits of a civil nature at common law or in
equity, in which the United States shall be plamuflsor
complainants; and of all seizures on lund or water, and
all penalties* and torleilures made, arising or accruing under
the laws of the United States.'
*<The criminal jurisdiction has since been transferred to
the criminal court of the District of Columbia, established
in 183d, (chap. 195.)
"The 4 powers vested in the circuit courts and' he judges
of the circuit courts ot the United States,' iel«ned to in mo
third seeuon, are the powers enumerated in the act of J&h
February, 1801, (2 Stat, at Large, 80;) winch act was
repealed by the act of 29th April, 1802, eh. I'l. These
powers lemain vested in the circuit com t ot ih«  District of
Columbia, notwithstanding that repeal. (Kendall, Po>t-
master Geneial, vs the United States, J2 Peters, 52-1.)
The court has a!^o the like powers and juiisdietion as it
county court of Maryland, and as the high court of chan-
cery of that State. The consequence is, that it has a larger
jurisdiction and more extensive powers than any ol the
other circuit courts created by the act of 1S0-2, above cited."
These judges hold their offices under the Con-
stitution. I come now to reply to the honorable
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. McMullin.J if
these judges hold their offices under the Constitu-
tion, and if, underthe Constitution, they hold their
offices during their good behavior, if no fault has
been found with" them, and their work has been
well discharged, then where do we gee our power
to legislate them out of office, according to the
provisions of tins bill? I confess I know no such
power, nor can 1 tell where to look for it. His
paid that a case has occurred in Virginia, where
one judge was legislated out of office. W^ill the
gentleman tell me how it happens, when the Con-
stitution has conferred an office upon a man, that
Congress may take it away from him during the
time when he holds it under the Constitution? 1
would submit that it is right that the people of this
District should have a voice in this matter. I
would submit that it is but fair that the people of
this District should have an opportunity to say, in
some form or other, whether they do, or do not,
desire this change.
The honorable gentleman from Maryland re-
ferred to some popular indication, by which it
seemed that, at a certain time, a vote was taken
here, within the District, upon the question of ]udi-
cial reform. That vote was taken in June, 18o0.
In August, 1850, Judge Butler made his report,
and he then states that no satisfactory evidence
has been laid before the committee of such a feel-
ing upon the part of tiie citizens of the District,
as would justify the change then asked for.
was after the time referred to by the honorable
"gentleman from Maryland. Has there been any
expression of opinion upon the part of the citizens
of the District since that time ?
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Did I under-
stand the gentleman to say that there had been no
example of legislating judges out of office by the
Congress of the United States?
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir; I do not say so. bo
far from it, I stated that I had been informed here,
at my desk, that there was one case.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. There is an-
other, and a much more important one than that
to which the gentleman alludes. The gentleman
may not be aware of it. It occurred in 1802. I
will read an extract from i( Story on the Consti-
tution. " It is as follows:
" A measuie was adopted in 1802, underthe auspices of
President Jefferson, winch, if its constitutionality can be
successlully vindicated, prostrates in the dust the inde-
pendence of all inferior judges, both as to the tenuie of their
office, and their compensation lor services, and leaves the
Constitution a miserable and vain delusion. In the year
1801, Congress passed an act reorganizing the judiciary,
and authorizing the appointment of sixteen new judges,
with suitable salaries, to hold the circuit courts ot the
United States in the different circuits cieated by the act.
Under tins act the circuit judges received their appoint-
ments, and performed the duties of their offices, until the
year 1802, when the courts established by the act were
abolished by a general repeal of it by Congres-s, without in
the slightest manner, providing for the payment of the
salaries of the judges, or lor any continuation of their
offices. The result of this act, th.'i efore, is, (so far as it is
precedent,) lhat, notwithstanding the constitutional tenure
oi office of the judges of the inferior courts is during good
behavior, Congiess may, at any time, by a mere au of
legislation, deprive them of their offices at pleasure, and
with it take away their whole title to their salaries."
1 ought to say, however, that Judge Story con-
demns it.
Mr. ELIOT. Yes, sir, that is fair; and I ex-
pected it. Will the gentleman tell me upon what
ground he condemned it ?
Mr. STANTON. I can read what he, says
upon the subject. It is found in his work upon
(he Constitution, and not in any of his decisions.
The act has not been before the courts for judicial
adjudication.
Mr. ELIOT. It is good authority, and I should
be glad to hear it.
Mr. S FAN TON. He says, immediately after
what I have already read:
<c flow Una can be iceonciled with the terms or the In-
terna of tno Constitution, is moie than any ingenuity of
argument has ever, as yet, been able to demonstrate. The
system fell because it was unpopular with those who were
then in pobstisMOn of power, and the victims have hitherto
remained without any indemnity from the justice of the
Government."
If the gentleman wishes, to read the balance of
it. he can do so at his leisure.
Mr. ELIOT. Very good law.
Mr. STANTON. 1 acknowledge I had very
great doubt as to the propriety of thia mode of
proceeding; and I myself, individually, would
have preferred a different mode of proceeding in
regard to this particular party. It was the only
objection I had to the bill, and the only objection
1 heard suggested in the committee. The details
of the bill were unanimously approved by the
committee.
Mi. MAY. If the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts desires it, I can tell him where ho
can find a debate upon that repealing act of March,
1802. The act turned out sixteen judges—Federal
judges, appointed under the Constitution. The
debates are collected in a volume which can be
obtained from the library of Congress. The bill
which accomplished that was introduced into the
Senate by a distinguished gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Breckinridge,] who supported it by
an argument of great force and power. There
never was a greater array of talent, or a more for-
cible exhibition of logic, applied to the discussion
of constitutional law, than was furnished in that
debate; and upon a vote, in the House of Repre-
sentatives, for repealing that act, by the act of
March, 1802, there were—yens 60, nays 34. That
was a case where the question was as to the power
of Congress to turn out the Federal judges ap-
pointed underthe Constitution.
I may say here, that one of the courts here has
expressed a decided opinion that the courts of this
District are not courts of the United States, under
the Constitution, and that the tenure of the offices
of judges in these courts, is not secured to them
by'that instrument.
Mr. ELIOT. Unless they are courts under the
Constitution, and unless the power isgiven by the
Constitution to appoint the judges thereof, where
does the President get the power lo appoint ? He
does not get it from the bill itself.
Mr. MAY here made a remark which was en-
tirely inaudible lo the leporter.
Mr. ELIOT. I am indeed unprepared to argue
that case, and have already said more than I ex-
pected 1 should have said when 1 called the atten-
tion of the House to this subject.
The act, however, to -which gentlemen have
referred, was a special act, for the accomplishment
of n special purpose, and has been condemned by
Judge Story. Can the honorable gentleman Irom
Maryland [Mr. Mat] say whether any distin-
guished elementary writer upon constitutional law,
anywhere in the United States, has fairly sanc-
tioned that as a constitutional act? It may be
that there have been such, but does the gentleman
remember one?
If no member upon this floor remembers any
one jurist who has upheld that act, and if it be
true that Judge- Story has said that no human
ingenuity could justify it, am I not fairly entitled,
m reply to the honorablegentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. McMullin,] to contend that here, in this
case, under the Constitution, Congress has no
power to act in accordance with the provisions of
this bill? It is a serious question, and one which,
1 apprehend, the Congress of the United States
will hardly pass upon without a clear conviction of
its right. Good may, to be sure, come out of the
reorganization of the judiciary of the District; but
there will be wrong inflicted, and that without
necessity, and, as 1 believe, without justification.
Let me call the attention of the House to the
phraseology of that first section, and to which the
gentleman from Maryland devoted scarcely a min-
ute of his argu ment. It is this:
" That so much of the acts of Congress heretofore passed
as create the circuit court, the distriei court, the orphans'
court, and the criminal court, ot' the said District, be, and
the same are hereby, lepeated; and ail of said courts, and
the offices of judge:', anil other officers thereof, be, and the
same are hereby, forever abolished."
Now, sir, that is pretty serious legislation, and
it calls for a strong case to justify such action on
the part of Congress. Are we satisfied, that upon
the system as now existing, no sufficient amend-
ment can be ingrafted? Judge Butler thought
there might be, and he so reported to the Senate.
Is it plain that it cannot be done ? If it is not,
then, without discussing the constitutional power
of Congress, is it right that we should legislate in
this way, when no tault has been found, and no
charge made, to take from these men offices held,
as they are, under the Constitution of the United
States? Without discussing the power to do it,
are we called upon to do it until it Bhall appear
that no other course is open for us except this
one, especially when, so far as I know, there has
been no action on the part of the citizens of the
District, and only action on the part of members
of the bar, some of whom were upon one side,
and some upon the other, and when the citizens
have had no opportunity to say what they desire,
or to intimate to Congress what action they desire ?
Mr. Speaker, I have stated some objections to
this bill without examining its provisions as they
have been examined by the honorable gentleman
from Maryland. I am free to say that the objec-
tion to the twentieth section has been substantially
removed, so far as I understand it. it is not
printed; it was read in manuscript at the Clerk's
desk. It was to-day reported for the first time.
Whether the other modifications which have been
referred to essentially alter the bill, I do not know.
No man upon this floor can tell. No man has had
power to examine the details of the bill as it has
now come amended from the committee.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the pre-
vious question on the amendments.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his call. I shall not occupy more than five
minutes. If he withdraws the call, I shall renew
it.
Mr. JONES. I cannot. If the House is not
prepared for the previous question, they can vote
down my demand for it.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Lane, of
Indiana, and Fuller were appointed.
The question was taken; and the call for the
previous question received a second; the tellers
having reported—ayes 69, noes 50.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I demand the
yeas and nays on ordering the main question to be
now put. I want to see whether debate is to be
cut off on a bill so much in need of it.
[Cries of " Order!"]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SaGE. I move that the House do now
adjoutn.
'The question v/as taken; and the House refused
to adjourn; there being, on a division, ayes 43,
noes G6. ....
The question wan taken on ordering the mam
