124-
tiie congressional globe.
December 21,
question to be now put; and it was agreed to—
yeas 82, nays 53; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abererouibie, Aiken, David J. Bailey,
Rank*, Bfion, Boeock, Boyce, Bridges, Bristow, Brooks,
Clark, Chnsman, Cox, Cutting, John G. Davis, Dawson,
Dunbar, Edgeiton, Ellison, Faulkner, Florence, Fuller,
Green,Greenwood.Grow, Hamilton, Wiley P. Harris, Has-
tings, Hendiicks, Ihbbard, Houston, Ingersoll, George W.
Jones, Roland Jones, Kerr, Lane, Latham, Letcher. Lewis,
Lilly, Lindsley, Macdonald, McBlullai, McQueeu, Maey,
Maxwell, May, Morrison, Nichols, Noble, Old**, Andrew
Oliver, Orr, Packer, Parker, John Perkins, i'helps, Phil-
hps, Pratt?Richardson, Riddle, Thomas Ritchey, Itobbms,
Ruffiru Seymour, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Smgleton,
Sfcelton, George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Rich-
ard H. Stanton, Hestor L. Stevens, Straub, John J. Taylor,
Thurston,Trout, Vansant, Walbndge, Walker, and Wells
—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Applefon, Benson, Carpenter, Caskie,
Chandler, Chase, Cobb, Corwin, Crocker, Thomas Davis,
Dick, Eastman, Thomas D. Eliot, Farley, Giddings, Good-
rich, Goodwin, Aaron Harlan, Haven, Hill, Howe, Huphes,
Hunt, J. Glancy Jones, Knox, McCulloch, Mayall, Mill-
sou, Morgan, Norton, Pennington, Purycar, Ready, David
Ritchie, Rogers, Russell, Sabm, Sage, Supp, Simmons,
William Smith, Andrew Stuart, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel
G. Taylor, Tracy, (Jpham, Wade, Walley, Walsh, ElUhu
15. Washhume, Israel Washburn, Tappan Wentwoiih, ami
Yates—53.
So the main question was ordered to be now
put.
- Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question now is on the
amendments of the Committee on the Judiciary.
The first amendment was .read, aa follows:
After the word44 authorized," insert tlie words,by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate," so that the
section will read as follows:
Sec. 23. leit further enacted, That the President
of the United Slates n hereby authouzed, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint two persons,
learned in the law, to revise, simplify, digest, and codify
the laws of said Di&uict, &e.
The question was put; and the amendment was
adopted.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. Has this bill
ever been read in the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
this bill has not been read. This is a bill which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary ,
and by them reported back with sundry amend-
ments, on which the House is now voting.
Mr. TAYLOR. Then we are voting on a bill
to reorganize the judiciary of the Bistnct of Co-
lumbia without its having been read.
The SPEAKER. The bill was read a first and
second time by its title, as bills usually are.
The second amendment of the committee was
read, as follows;
After the wottl '■ may," insert the words," become in force
during the prepatuuou of .said code, ami." -o that the suc-
iioei will read:
Ami ; ho tlx- rules and principles of practice, of plead-
ing, of evidence, mid conveyancing, and also to add (herein
and endily M10I1 laws of the Slate ol Maryland as rnay in-
come ul loreo during the preparation of (.aid code, .in i lie
applicable to the circumstances ami condition of said Un-
met, &e.
The question was put; and the amendment was
agreed to.
Third amendment:
In sccti™ twenty, line fifty- four, amend so that the clause
wilt read:
And when the said codc shall lie printed and distributed,
«hc Presideiitof the United States shall appoint a tunc and
places in ibe said District for taking Hie sense of the eiu-
soens, thereof for or against the adoption of the said code ;
and he shall cause judges to lie selected, who shall preside at
tmeh election; and lie shall provuleand proclaim the mode
and rules of conducting the same: 1'rovttled, I'.vcry free
while male eiti/.cn of tlie United States, above the age of
twenty one years, who lias resided in the said District for
one year next preceding said election, shall be. permuted to
vote thereat. And the result of the said election shall he
reported to the said President, and the same, with the said
code, bo by him reported to Congress; and when ratified
and approved by the same, he shall, l>y Ins pioelarnation,
declare it to be m force, from the day of the date thereof, as j
the hue of the said District of Columbia; and the same,
when so proclaimed, shall thereafter be and remain as such,
witboio anyfurthttr act or proceeding to that effect, until
altered or lepealed by the Congiess of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
I<\mrth amendment:
Insert at the end of section twenty the following proviso i
Provtiid, That said code shall be reported to Congress
on or -before the first Monday of December, m tlie year
1857,
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifth amendment:
Strike out the twenty-first section, which is as follows :
"Sro.21. Jini be it further enacted, That all laws con-
trary to, or inconsistent with, the provisions hereof, be, and
the same are hereby, forever repealed; and this act shall
take effect and be m lorce from and after the day of
—■—, next ensuing the passage thereof.1'
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third' time, and accordingly
received its third reading.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 movethe previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. ELIOT. Has the bill been engrossed ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Bocock in
the chair.) It has not been engrossed, but it has
received its third reading.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. I wish to under-
stand something about this bill, and I think the
House ought to understand it better than they now
do. I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Before the
question is put upon that motion, 1 wish to inquire
if the main question has been ordered upon the
passage of the bill?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The previous
question has been demanded, but not ordered.
Mr. TAYLOR. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and the House refused
to adjourn—yeas 46, nays 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Appleton, Belcher, P.enson, Carpenter,
C as life, Chandler, Chabe, Cobt), Corwin, Crocker,Thomas
Davis, Dick, Lastman, Thomas D. Eliot, Failey, Good-
rich, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Hill, Howe, Ilughes, Hunt, J.
Clancy Jones, Knox, Millnon, .Morgan, Norton, Penning-
ton, l'uryear, David Ritclne, Roger.-, Russell,Sabm, Sago,
Sapp, S!mmon-,Willium Smith, John L. Taylor, Nathann 1
U. Taylor, Cpham, Wade, Waliey, Etlihu I!. Washbuiue,
Israel Washburn, Tappan VVeotworth, and Yates—<iti.
NAY.S—Messrs. David J. Bailey, Banks, Bh«s, Bocock,
floyeo, Bridges, Biooks, Clark. Cliiigman, Cox, Cringe,
Cutting, John G. l>nvis,Dawson, Dunlsai, P.dgerton, Faulk-
ner, Florence, Fuller, Green, Greenwood, Hamilton, Wi-
ley P. Harris, Ha*iwgs, Haven, Hcudricks, Ihbbaul, Hous-
ton, Ingersoll, George W. Jones, Roland Jones, Kerr,
Lamb, Lane, Latham, Letelier, Lewis, Lilly, LimMey,
Macdonald, MeJIullm, McQueen, Macy, Maiwell, May,
Morrison, Olds, Andiew Oliver, Orr, Packer, Parker, John
Perkins, Phelps, Phillip*, Uichaidson, Riddle, Thomas
Kitehey, Robbins, Rulim, Sojmuui, Shannon, Shaw,
Siiovvu, Singleton, Skelton, IV denek P. Slanton, Hector
L. Stevens, John J. Taj lor, Thurston, Trout, Vansant,
VValbrldge, Walker, and Walsh—76.
The question then recurred upon seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. I wish to know
if tins bill can be passed without engrossment ?
I Shouts of " Order!"]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Tennessee may use to a question of order,
but lie cannot debate the Lull.
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 do raise the question of or-
der, that the bill has not been engrossed; and I
ask the Chair if i„t is competent to put a bill upon
its final passage before its engrossment?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state to the gentleman from Tennessee that the
point of order in reference to the engrossment of
the bill, in his opinion, comes too late. By the
rule of the House, after a bill has been ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time, it must be en-
grossed—if the question is raised—before it can
l>e read a third time. But, in the present instance,
the bill was read the third time before objection,
in leferenceto its engrossment, was raised. The
Chair will, therefore, rule that the objection comes
too late, and that the bill, having received its third
reading, may be put upon its passage without ref-
erence to its engrossment.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will state that objection was
made to its being passed without engrossment
before it was read the third time. But 1 presume
the Chair did not hear it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair cer-
tainly did not hear any objection until that raised
by the gentleman from Tennessee himself,and that
was not made until after the bill had received its
third reading.
The previous question was then seconded.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Is it 111 order
to move to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is in order to
make the moiion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I submit respectfully to
the Chair, that after th« main question has been
ordered to be now put it is too late to go back.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
entertain the motion.
Mr. WASHBURN. I would inquire whether
the motion is not debatable? If it is, I desire to
submit some remarks to the House upon it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not debat-
able. The gentleman may submit the motion, but
the question must first be taken to ascertain
whether the House will order the main question to
be now put.
Mr. TAYLOR. I call for the yeas and nays
upon ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. MORGAN. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SAGE. 1 demand tellers upon the motion.
Tellers were not ordered; and the question being
put, the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HAMILTON. I call for the vote upon
the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state that in his opinion the gentleman from
Maine having made the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the bill wasotdered to be engrossed
and read a third time, that motion must be put
now. If the question be taken first upon the final
passage of the bill, it will then be too late to recon-
sider the vote by winch it was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time, and the motion
wiil be lost.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Did the gentleman
from Maine vote in the majority upon the engross-
ment of the bill ? If lie did not he has no right to
submit the motion to reconsider ?
Several Memiiehs. No, he did not.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and to lay that motion on
the table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Did the gentle-
man from Maryland vote in the affirmative?
Mr. HAMILTON. I did.
Mr. WASHBURN. I submit that I made the
motion to reconsider, and that the gentleman from
Maryland cannot take the floor from me to move
to lay it upon the table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Did the Chair
understand the gentleman from Maine to say he
voted in the majority ?
Mr. WASHBURN. I suppose I did. There
was no division called upon the question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Then the motion
of the gentleman from Maine will be entertained,
and (he gentleman is entitled to the floor.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
If the gentleman from Maine will say here, as a
member of this House, that he voted for the
engrossment of that bill, I have no objection to
his motion being received, but unless he will say
that I do object.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the objection of the gentleman from Virginia,
upon the ground that no division having been
called, according to the uniform practice of the
House, it is not necessary to ascertain how a
member voted to give him a right to make a
motion to reconsider.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Chair will
recollect that the main question having been or-
dered upon the passage of the bill, it has been held
by the Speaker of the House, uniformly, that no
member could go back to move a reconsideration
of the engrossment of the bill, without first recon-
sidering the vote by which the main question was
ordered to be put. I submit that it is too late for
the gentleman from Maine to make his motion.
Mr. WASHBURN. If the main question has
been ordered to be put, it is not my fault. I made
the motion before it was ordered. The motion
was entertained, and I now desire to say some-
thing in reference to it.
Mr. ORR. I must rise to another question of
order. I submit that the gentleman from Maine
has no right to speak to his motion after the
House have sustained the call for the previous
question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
already informed the gentleman from Maine that
the motion is not debatable.
Mr. WASHBURN. 1 understood the Chair
to say I was entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
