1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
refused to refer the resolution to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. LETCIiER. Will it be in order to move
to lay it upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. LETCIIER. Then I make that motion.
The question was put; and the motion was not
agreed to.
Mr. HILL.YER. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was adopted.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed, and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was read a third time.
Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
call the attention of the House to the fact, that,
on yesterday, we were complained of because of
hasty legislation. To-day we have a proposition
which you, Mr. Speaker, and all members, must
acknowledge to be novel in its character, pressed
to immediate passage by the honorable gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Full'ek.] We are called on
to pass it before it has been referred to, and con-
sidered, as it ought to be, in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. In this case,
as in that yesterday before us- ■
Mr. PULLER. I would inform the gentleman
that this joint resolution is not novel in its charac-
ter. Appropriations have been heretofore',made
for a like purpose to that intended here. Such
light-houses have been erected on Horse Shoe
Reef, and 011 Lake Ontario, in the jurisdiction of
Canada. They have been, as they ought to be,
erected wherever our commercial marine demands
that they should be erected.
Mr. McMULLIN. Has our Government
received the cooperation of that of Gieat Britain
in the building of the light-house, to which the
gentleman refers?
Mr. FULLER. I cannot answer the gentle-
man.
Mr. McMULLIN. ^The gentleman cannot
answer the question. Therefore 1 am right in my
assertion of thenovel character of this joint resolu-
tion .
Yesterday, I repeat, we were complained of for
alleged hot haste in the passage of the bill then I
under consideration. To-day we have the very |
gentlemen, who then complained, doing what then j
gave them so much offense. Now, it does seem
to me, that gentlemen ought, at least, endeavor to
be consistent m their action. It is not strange;
that I am surprised at this glaring inconsistency !
in gentlemen. . i
The question is one strange and novel in its j
character. It is, as alleged by my colleague, but j
the beginning of a system, the end of which none '
of us can foresee. We cannot foretell what ex-
penditure of the public money it will entail. We ,
must all admit that it does involve_ the largest
expenditure of the public motley; and, in my judg-
ment, it ought first to be considered in the Com-
mittee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union. I
call for the previous question.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw it for a moment.
Mr. McMULLIN. I withdraw it for the gen-
tleman. . „ , ,
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. Speaker, I feel the
imoortance of the remark of the honorable gentle-
man from Virginia, about hasty legislation. If
$hat n-entJeraan had yesterday listened to the sug-
gestions which were made to him touching hasty
legislation, his remarks to-day would have greater
force on my mind than they have, although they
would not deter me from voting 111 favor of this
joint resolution. It is never too early to begin a
good work; and it is never necessary, when you
are engaging in that which is right, to inquire
where it will end. Whatever is rightly begun,
and with correct principles, we are to trust. The
end will sanctify the means of that kind. And we
are not to look about to see whether we are en-
gaged in building n light-house upon British soil,
or to share with her In the expense of doing so.
The question is simply, are we, in our marine,
are we, in our traveling community, sharing, or
having all of the advantages, all the benefits? If
we are, the colony there has nothing to do with it.
The gentleman knows that the British Govern-
ment docs not erect these light-houses. The light-
houses along the British coasts belong to the
Trinity House. They are.the property of a close
corporation.
The question is one of commercial advantage;
and we therefore owe it to our commercial marine—
we owe it to the naval marine of our country that
weshould provide the means of their safety when-
ever there is danger. The new mode of navi-
gating the Atlantic ocean, which sends our mer-
chant ships, and which will send our naval ships,
on the great circle, brings them in close proximity
with Race Point, and the use of iron, in a much
larger amount than formerly in our ships, often
renders the compass very uncertain. Several
times has it happened, since this new mode of
navigation has been adopted, that vessels have
been found far north of their calculation, so much
so, that, in one case, the ship, when the fog cleared
away, was found to be among the rocks, and, in
the other, the vessel was in a snug bay instead of
on the broad ocean. The light-house_ would have
been tha means of showing their positiort, which
their safety absolutely required.
It is not a loss to Great Britain if one of our
ships is castaway on Cape Race. It is not a loss
to the colony there if half a dozen of our ships
are wrecked there; but it is a loss to her, it is a
shock to humanity, if, on that iron-bound coast,
live hundred, eight hundred, or a thousand men
are lost in that way, when the erection of a first
or second-rate light-house there would have saved
them all. Gentlemen who live so far from the
light of a light-house; gentlemen who lack the
light of that kind of science, may well hang back,
and tell us that we labored yesterday against hasty
legislation, and that we are to-day starting on t.he
principle winch we condemned. Yesterday a por-
tion iii this House believed that there was to be
atl intrenchment on the judiciary; that the Con-
stitution was to be trodden down. Whether it
was, or was not, is another matter; but that is the
argument. To-day it is a simple question whether
a few dollars shall be laid out for the preservation
of thousands of human lives; whether a friendly
negotiation shall be entered into with a neigh-
boring colony for the protection of commerce,
the growing and enlarged commerce of our
country—enlarged now by the very perils, and
war, and expenses to which another honorable
gentleman has alluded? Wherever we have a
right, let us defend it. Wherever we have a
mearisof gain, let us use it. It is not a year since
that upon this floor the voices of members on all
sides were raised in behalf of the rights of an
alleged American citizen, who, turned out to be
otherwise. The life of one of our American citi-
zens is of infinite value. Indeed, an American
citizen has the right of protection in any country.
Every man who walks the soil of the United
States is, because he pays a tax, makes on oath,
or votes, amply protected. The ;egis of the law
is thrown around him in every quarter he visits.
And, if his path is on the mountain wave, if his
home is on the deep, shall he be without our pro-
tection? Shall we deny him a little expenditure
of money for the erection of a light-house to point
out the landmarks in his voyage, to save him
from destruction?
In compliance with my promise to the gentle-
man from Viiginta,! now call for the previous
question. In doing so I leave the question to
the good feeling of the House.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HILLYER. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 78, nays 52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Appleton,Ball, Banks, Benson,
Miss, Carpenter, Carutbers, chandler, Chase, Cook, Cor-
wm, Crocker, Cutting, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dunbar,
Thomas D. Eliot, Ethcmlije, Farley, Fenton, Florence,
Fuller, Ciddings, Goodrich, Goodwin, Green, Grow, Aaion
Ilaiitin, Hastings, Haven, Hill, Howe, Hughes, J. Clancy
Jones, Kerr, Kifiredtje, Knox, Kurtz, Lane, Latliatn, Mc-
Culloch, McDoueall^Maee, May, Mayall, Nichols, Norton,
Amliew Oliver, Moidecai Oliver, Peckliam, Bishop Per-
kins, Ready, David Ritchie, Robbins, Rogers, Russell, Sa-
bin, Sa<*e, Sapp, Seymour, Shannon, Richard H. Stanton,
lJcstor L. Stevens, Andrew Stuait, John J. Taylor, John
L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Tayloi, Thuislon, Tracy, Upham,
Wade, VValbiidae, F.IMI111 B. Waslvburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Wells, Tappan Wentworth,and Yates—78.
NAYS Messrs. Abererombie, James C. Allen, Barry,
Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, Bristow, Caskie, ChrismaD,
Clark, Clingman, Cobb, Cox, Craige, Cullom, John G.
Davis, Dowdei!, Eddy, Edmund son, John M. Elliott, Elli-
son, Greenwood, Hamilton, Andrew J. Harlan, Wiley P.
Harris, Hendricks. Hillyer, Houston, George W. Jones,
Roland Jones, Kidwell, Lamb, Leteher, Lilly, Lindley,
Lindsley, McMulhn, MeNair. Smith Miller, Orr, Parker,
Pennington, Phelps, Pratt, Ruffin, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, Trout, Walsh, Warren, Daniel B. Wright,
anil ZollicofFer—52.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HAMILTON. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. FULLER. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was passed, and to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Asbdry Dickins, their Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate have passed a bill for
the establishment of a board for the investigation
of claims against the United States, and a bill for
the relief of Catharine B. Arnold; in which he
asked the concurrence of the House.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT. _
A message was also received from the President
of the United States, by Sidney Webster, his
Private Secretary, informing the House that he-
had approved and signed sundry private bills.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. , I rise to a
privileged question. I wish to make a report from
the Committee on Printing.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. HILLYER. 1 rise to a question of privi-
lege which I apprehend will take precedence of
any other. I move that when the HouBe adjourns,
it adjourn to meet on Tuesday next.
The question was taken;and the motion agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
TheSPEAKER, by general consent, laid before
the House a communication from the Secretary
of the Treasury, transmitting the report of Pro-
fessor Bache, Superintendent of the Coast Survey,
showing the progress of the work under the charge
of that officer, and accompanied with maps and
plates prepared at the Coast Survey Office.
Mr. ROBBINS. I have a resolution which I
desire to present in connection with that commu-
nication. I offer the following:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies or the letter of tlm
Secretary of the Treasury, communicating the report of
the finpciinteniient of the Coast Survey for the year 1854,
in addition to the usual number, be printed, five thousand
thereof for the use of Die House, and the remainder for
distribution bv the Coast Survey OtBce ; ami that the same
bo printed anil bound with the pjatea 111 quarto form, and
that the plates be printed under the direction of the Coast
Survey OtTice.
The resolution was referred, under the rule, to
the Committee 011 Printing.
The communication waa then ordered to He on
the table, and be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Treasury Department,
111 answer to a resolution of the House, asking
the opinion of the Secretary m reference to the
insufficiency of the custom-house at Milwaukie,
transmitting a letter from the Secretary on that
subject.
Sir. WELLS. I aslc that the letter may ba
read.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
allow it to be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce without reading.
Mr. WELLS. I have no objection, if it is
ordered to be printed.
The communication was accordingly referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I desire now
to present a report from the Committee on Print-
ing.
JUDICIARY OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The SPEAKER. The report of the Commit-
tee on Printing is not in order at this time, the
main question having been ordered to be now
put upon the passage of the bill for remodemig
the judiciary of the District of Columbia. The
question must be first taken upon the passage of
that bill, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question was being taken upon the passage
of the bill by yeas and nays, when
