132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 26,
Mr, COBB. I object, and call for the regular
order of business.
GRADUATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of reports from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. COBB. I desire to report back from the
Committee on Public Lands, with an amendment,
the-bill to amend an act approved the 4th August,
1854, entitled an act to graduate and reduce the
price of public lands to actual cultivators and
settlers.
The amendment was then read by the Clerk.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask if the honorable gentleman from Alabama
wishes to put the bill upon its passage? I hope
that the amendment will be printed, and the whole
matter postponed to some future time.
Mr. COBB. Theamendment has been printed,
according to my direction, in the Globe, in order
that every gentleman in the House might under-
stand it. I can state, in a few minutes, if the
House will hear me, the object of the whole
amendment. The friends of the graduation bill
desire that the amendment which I offer should
be put upon its passage immediately.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire to say, that 1
am in favor of some amendment of the graduation
bill passed at the last session. All of us who
know what has been the practical operation of
that bill, understand perfectly well, with all defer-
ence to my friend from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,]
that it was very erode and imperfect in its details.
"1 desire to see it amended,and 1 hope the amend-
ment, whatever it is, may be one that the House
can understand, and one which will answer the
expectations of the country and the parties who
are to be benefited by it.
I merely wish to understand the matter thor-
oughly before I am called upon to vote upon it;
and I desire that when we act, we may act intel-
ligently, and make a perfect law.
1 understand the operation of this law, so far as
it has been carried into effect—and that has not
been to any very great extent—has been such that
the land office has, in fact, been obliged themselves
to legislate,'in order to carry out what was sup-
posed to be the intention of the framers of the act.
The honorable gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Cobb] will not understand me as opposing this
amendment, or as opposing the bill itself.
Mr. COBB. Of course not.
Mr. WASHBURNE. All I want is, that we
may have such information as to enable us to act
understandingly. The subject is of vast import-
ance, and the amount of land which will be taken
up under this bill is enormous. It is therefore
fitting, and proper, and just that, while we legislate
at all upon this subject, we should legislate with
a knowledge of what we are doing.
Mr. COBB. I can enable the gentleman to do
that, if he will allow me.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Certainly I will.
Mr. COBB. As the gentleman has spoken in
regard to the bill which has been- passed, and of
its defects—a bill which he has denounced as
unfit to have been passed by Congress—and inas-
much as its bearing has not been such as the Con-
gress of the United States intended that it should be,
it becomes necessary for me to look at the bearings
of that bill, and at its provisions. But, before I
attempt to do that, I will state to the House the
importance of these proposed amendments to the
bill itself.
In the first place, the original law, the gradua-
tion bill, requires affidavits to be made before the
registers and receivers of the land offices. That
provision of the bill works a great hardship to a
number of individuals. For instance, an infirm
individual, or a widow, would not be able to reach
the land office for the purpose of making the
affidavit required by law. The amendment which
relates to that provision of the bill, allows the
affidavit to be made before any person properly
authorized to administer oaths, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior.
The second provision of the bill requires that
persons already owning land, and desiring to
locate a section for farming purposes, must locate
the land adjoining his own. Now, the word
"adjoining" has been so construed by the Land
Office as to require that the land shall form a com-
pact body. They have decided that, if it does not
form a compact body, it does not join, and, there-
fore, the owner of. lands cannot enter land under
the law, unless it forms with his own a compact
body, and hence is virtually deprived of the bene-
fits of the law in many instances. Such was not
the intention of Congress.
Now, in order to carry out the intention of
Congress, I propose—and it is with the approba-
tion of the Land Office that I do so—to strike out
from the bill the word " adjoining," and insert in
lieu thereof the word" neighboring, "and inserting
the further provision that the location shall not
be more than four miles distant, and retaining the
restriction of the original bill, in relation to the
amount entered, to three hundred and sixty acres.
That proposed amendment meets with the appro-
bation of the General Land Office Department.
I presume my friend from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burne] will assent to the propriety of this amend-
ment.
Now, to those gentlemen who have objection
to the graduation bill; to those who have raised
a clamor about it, because it has been a source of
speculation, and has afforded facilities to specula-
tors to monopolize the cheap lands, I wish to say
word, and call their attention to the legislation
proposed in reference thereto, and I think they
will sanction the proposition. -And I can say
here that, so far as speculation has been carried on
under the provisions of that bill, it is my gotid
fortune to know that the people of my district
have not violated the solemn oath required to be
taken by that act, and entered into speculations
on the strength of such oaths. But if men have
been guilty of a violation of that provision, by a
false oath, they have practiced a fraud upon indi-
viduals, and not upon the Government; for the Gov-
ernment gets the money of the speculators. Indi-
viduals are defrauded, because the object of the
bill was to secure its privileges to-actual cultiva-
tors and settlers, and he who enters a tract, under
an oath that he actually intends to occupy and
cultivate the same, when it is not his intention so
to do, would perjure himself; and if men will
perjure themselves, I do not know how we can
always prevent it. But we propose an amend-
ment to provide against that as far as possible,
and the proposition is, that, to secure actual occu-
pation, settlement, and cultivation, the individual
shall prove that he is actually upon the land, be-
fore he shall be pel-milted to enter it at all.
1 hope my friend from Illinois will give his
sanction to that. If it shall be adopted, then the
facilities which, it has been said, this affords for
speculation, cannot be extended any further. It
prevents it by requiring the man who desires to
enter land under it, to go upon it, and to prove
that he is upon it, before he can enter it.
If there is no objection to that, then I apprehend
the bill is perfect. As far as the amendments are
concerncd, I submitted the whole question to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, with a
request that he would frame a bill which would
obviate all the objections which have been raised
to this one. In pursuance of that request, he
handed me that bill. I trust the House will see
the necessity of passing it immediately.
If this speculation is going on, which is com-
plained of by the New York Tribune, and other
papers, it is the duty of Congress to pass the law,
and put a stop to such speculation instantly, and I
should not be a faithful representative and legis-
lator did I not insist upon its speedy passage. In
accordance with my duty, then, I ask that it may
be acted upon now, that it may be passed, and
sent, to the Senate for their concurrence, that, in
the shortest possible time, we may put a stop to
this clamor which is going on in reference to
speculation under this graduation bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee.^ I wish to inquire
of the gentleman from Alabama, if this bill so pro-
poses to amend the graduation actoflast session,
as to require a person who wishes to enter land at
the graduated price, to be upon the land, and in
actual possession, before he can make the entry?
Mr. COBB. It does; and that was what the
first bill intended to provide, but the speculator
has availed himself of the defective phraseology
of that bill, and hence the necessity of this amend-
ment.
M r. J ON ES, of T ennessee. I think that amend-
ment will cut off from the benefits of this law
nearly all the persons who would desire legiti-
mately to avail themselves of its provisions.
Mr. COBB. I will give the gentleman the op-
portunity to tell the House why; for such a broad
assertion, unsupported by facts or argument,
might prejudice the matter. "*
Mr. JONES. Because a man who wishes to-
enter land under the bill, although that land were
woods, and uncultivated, he must go there, settle
upon it, and erect himself a cabin before he can
make an entry at all.
Mr. COBB. All right.
Mr. JONES. Where the necessity of such a
requirement? If a man desires to swear falsely
for the benefit of a speculator, he may So so under
this provision as well as under the other; he can
put up a shanty, take the oath, and enter the land.
Mr. COBB. The difficulty is this, as the
House will see at once: Under the provisions of
the law, as it now stands, a man may swear that
he enters the land for the purpose of actual occu-
pation and cultivation; but, in doing so, he, at the
same time, construes the law to mean occupation
and cultivation at any future time—fifty years
hence, if you please.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman said something
about trouble at the Land Office in carrying out
the provisions of the bill. Did they examine these
proposed amendments, or this substitute, up there ?
Mr. COBB. They drew up the bill, and handed
it to me.
Mr. JONES. 1Vell, sir, I do not know whether
they are favorable to this mode of disposing of the
public lands, or not, at that office. I know, as
their reports show, that they are very hostile to
granting homesteads. But when it comes to giving
the lands for railroads, to corporations, and spec-
ulators, such propositions receive the indorsement
of the Land Office.
But, sir, will the effect of this bill be really to
benefit the honest settler who wishes to avail him-
self of the privileges of the graduation bill? Or
is it one that will throw obstacles in the way of
one who wishes to secure for himself a home upon
the public domain ? I cannot see how it will inure
to the benefit of the bona fide settler who wishes
to get this land, to provide that he shall actually
settle upon it before he may secure his claim.
There are none of these lands in my country, but
a man in my neighborhood may think that, by
going over into the neighborhood of the district
of the gentleman from Alabama, he may find a
quarter section of the public land that he would
like to settle upon. But he does not like to leave
his home where he now lives until he has secured
a place in the country to which he proposes to
remove. Now, I think he should be allowed to
go there and make affidavit under oath of his in-
tention to settle and cultivate the land; and then,
having secured the land, to return and make his
arrangements for going there to settle.
I know that there is nothing further from the
intention of the gentleman from Alabama than to
throw obstacles in the way of the actual settlers
upon the public lands. I doubt not that his ob-
ject in advocating this amendment, is to guard
against the use of improper means by speculators
in securing the public lands under the graduation
bill of the last session. But, from hearing that
part of it read to which I have made reference,
I doubt very much whether his object will be
accomplished.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. I desire to make
a single suggestion.
Mr. COBB. I believe I still have the floor. I
desire to say one word in answer to the gentleman
from Tennessee. The difficulty which the gen-
tleman suggests could be removed by a provision
to the effect that, after the lands had been located
under this law, unless the locator removed there
with his family, and actually settled upon and
cultivated the same within—say thirty or sixty
days—his title should be forfeited. But that
would render the law at once complicated. Gen-
tlemen must see that it would render it very com-
plicated, because the forfeiture would have to be
declared, and a law-suit would, probably,in most
cases have to be gone through with. But this bill
is for the benefit of those who actually settle upon
and cultivate the lands, and it removes all doubt
or difficulty in reference to the matter by provid-
ing that a man must actually settle upon the lands
and Cultivate them, before he can avail himself of
the privileges of the law.
Mr. HOUSTON. With the permission of my
colleague, [Mr. Cobb,] I will suggest to the gen-
