m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 26,
[Mr.- Cobb] with the pending amendmerits.
Some gentlemen upon the floor understood the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Oliver] was also to be printed; and
alto a similar amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. English,] bat that order
Was not made. Is it the pleasure of the House
■ that these amendments shall also be printed ?
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. ORR. I have no special desire to press
the suggestion I have presented at this particular'
time, although the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
H otisiON] must be well aware of the difficulties
that lie in the way of getting this subject before the
House agttin. If the amendment I desire to offer
is proposed to any appropriation bill, it may be
ruled outof order. Under the rules of the House,
it might be in order; but that question, in all prob-
ability, would be made by some gentleman upon
the floor. That is one difficulty in the way, and
that is one reason why I desire, when the proper
resolution or bill is before the House, to append to
it such an amendment as I think, in justice-and
equity, the House ought to adopt.
Mr. HOUSTON., If no one objects to it as an
amendment to this bill, it is pretty conclusive
evidence that they will not object to it as an
amendment to any other bill. I only make the
appeal I do to the gentleman from South Carolina,
not with the view of defeating his amendment, but
with a view of allowing it to pass by for the pres-
ent, so that the appropriation asked for in the bill
may be made at once available, and so that the
Governor may go at once tp his destination.
Mr. ORR. There is another difficulty in post-
poning this matter. I am not disposed to be per-
tinacious in pressing the amendment I desire to
offer; but it seems to me that the present bill is
the appropriate one to which it can be appended.
The latter clause of the resolution or bill under
consideration,if I heard it correctly, provides that
no greater sum than §1,500 shall be allowed for
the present year for the contingencies of that Ter-
ritory. If I should offer an amendment or sep-
arate bill for the benefit of the representatives of
Governor Burt, any gentleman so disposed might
thrust that in my face and say that there was 
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know that I am
disposed to thrust any thing in the face of my
friend from South Carolina. X understand the
restriction in the bill to amount to this, that no
more money shall be applied for the contingent
expenses of that Territory, and not that there
shall be no more appropriated to the Territory.
The restriction is upon tne use of the money, for
this bill itself appropriates $1,000 in addition to
the $1,500 heretofore appropriated. That is, there
are $2,500 which might be properly applied to the
contingencies of the Territory. This bill proposes
that the original amount intended to be applied to
the contingencies of that Territory shall be re-
tained, and also provides for the addition of $1,000
to be applied to the same purpose.
Mr. ORR. The $1,500 which have been al-
ready appropriated, and which, perhaps, may be
expended in the way I have indicated, ought prop-
erly to be passed by the accounting officer of the
Treasury ns a proper contingency. Yet there is
no law which would authorize the accounting
officer of the Treasury so to regard it.
The gentleman from Alabama suggests, that it
•will be absolutely necessary to send this bill back
to the Senate, if any amendment is adopted at the
present time. I suppose it will be necessary to
send the bill back to the Senate in any event, for
I believe that the gentleman himself proposes an
amendment to the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. Merely as a matter of form.
Mr. ORR. The bill will have to go back to the
Senate, nevertheless. I do not desire to delay the
departure of Governor Cumming for theTerritory
of Nebraska, but I would like to have this matter
considered to-day. I would prefer to have it post-
poned, if I can do so, until to-morrow, or the first
legislative day we may have, wheri I may be able
"to offer an amendment, perhaps, which I think
"will be in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman from
South Carolina will not persist in his desire for a
postponement of this question. If he desires to
"propose an amendment, let him do it now, so that
we may not encounter any additional delays to
Which an amendment, guch as he speaks of, would
subject us. If we intend to do anything, let-us
make the appropriation asked for by this bill
available atonce, without these intervening delays;
and I hope, therefore, that he will notinsist upon
a postponement of this matter.
Mr. LETCHER. I would like to suggest to
my friend from Alabama an amendment to this
resolution. I do not exactly like its present
phraseology. The three first lines read in this
way:
'• Se it enacted, tyc-, That the suia o£$l,000 be appropri-
ated to defray the contingent expenses of the Governor of
tlie Territory of Nebraska, for the remainder of the pres'ent
fiscal year."
As I understand this appropriation of $1,000,
it is for the contingent expenses of the Territory
of Nebraska; but, as that resolution stands, it is
an appropriation for the contingent expenses of
the Governor of Nebraska. I propose the fol-
lowing amendment, then: to strike out the word
" Governor," and insert in lieu thereof the word
" government," so that it will read as follows:
Be it enacted,, S(c., Thatthe sum of $1,000 be appropriated
to defray the contingent expenses of the government of the
Territory of Nebraska for the remainder of the present
fiscal year, &c.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Houston, to insert the word '' dol-
lars;" and it was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. Did I understand the gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] to with-
draw his proposition to amend the bill f
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina did not submit an amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. Yes; but he suggested one,
and-I want to know how the matter stands.
Mr. ORR. At the suggestion of friends around
me, I propose not to embarrass the present bill by
the additional section. I give notice, however, to
the House, that I shall bring the matter up when
I am a little better prepared with an exact state of
the accounts of Governor Burt, and I hope the
House, will be then prepared to do justice to his
family in this matter.
Mr. HAVEN. I move the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be now put.
The bill was then ordered to be r,ead a third
time, and having been read, it was subsequently
passed.
ARMY BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move, that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, for the purpose of taking up House bill
No. 562, making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1856.
Mr. BRIDGES. I ask my friend from Ala-
bama to withdraw that motion for a moment, to
give me an opportunity to correct an error, or
rather to offer an amendment to the resolution I
offered this morning in relation to foreign paupers.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection.
Mr. BRIDGES. The House have adopted a
resolution this morning requesting the Committee
on the Judiciary to inquire into the expediency of
preventing, by law, the emigration of foreign pau-
pers. It has been suggested that the words " and
criminals" should be inserted after the word
" paupers" in the resolution, so that it shall read
" to prevent, by law, the importation of foreign
paupers and criminals into the United States."
Mr. RICHARDSON. The word " criminal"
alone will not answer.
Mr. DAWSON. Add the words "and con-
victs."
Mr. BRIDGES. The word " criminals" will
make the resolution broad enough.
The question was put; and the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask the gentle-
man from Alabama to withdraw his motion, to
allow me to offer a motion for the printing of a
bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will do so.
Mr- DAVIS. I move that House bill Ne. 584, to
organize the Washington Male Orphan Asylum,
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion waa not agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now insist upon my motion.
Mr. COBB. As there seems to be some mis-
apprehension in relation to the order, which was
made in reference to the graduation land bill, and
inasmuch as many desire to have the bill of 1854
—the original graduation bill—glinted, I ask the
House to have that bill prmtjfa, in connection
with the bill which was first offered by me this
session, and with the amendments which 1 have
offered thereto.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. Let us have them all together.
The House refused to order the printing.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I rise to a
privileged question. I move that when this House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Friday next.
Mr. BOCOCIC. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
Mr. KEITT. I suspect, sir, that the House
may as well concut in the motion of my friend
from Georgia. We have not a quorum, and we
cannot do any business without it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest to
the gentleman that the motion is not debatable.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the motion will not
be agreed to. We can act upon some of the ap-
propriation bills.
The House was divided on the demand for the
yeas and nays, and twenty-three only voting in
favor thereof,
The SPEAKER declared the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask that the other side
may be counted. We may believe there is no
quorum present; and in order to test it, I ask that
the negative be counted.
Mr. SEYMOUR.' I ask for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I insist upon a count of
the other side.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I suggest to my friend
from Virginia whether we had not better take the
question on the motion to adjourn over by tellers.
Mr. BOCOCK. Well, I will withdraw the
demand for the yeas and nays.
Mr. .RICHARDSON. I call for tellers upon
the motion to adjourn over.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Richardson
and Hamilton were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
sixty in the affirmative, when 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered. „
The question was then taken upon the motion,
and decided in the negative—yeas 58, nays 62; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Appleton, David J. Bailey,
Banks, Benson, Bristow, Campbell-, Carpenter, Caruthcrs,
Chatnberlam, Chase, Cook, Crocker, Cullom, Thomas
Davis, Thomas D. Eliot, Etheridse, Farley, Fenton, Gtd-
dmgs, Goodrich, Green, Grow, Wiley P. Harris,Hill, Hill-
yer, Hughe?, Hunt, Johnson, J. Clancy Jones, Keitt, Knox,
Letcher, Lewis, Mace, May a! I, Meaeham, Olds, Packer,
Parker, Preston, Reese, David Ritchie, Russell, Sabin,
Shannon, Simmons, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H.
Stephens, John J. Taylor, Thurston, Tracy, Upham,
Wade, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Tappan
Wentworth, Westbrook, and Zollicoffer—58.
NAYS — Messrs. Barksdale, Barry, Bocock. Boyce,
Bridges, Brooks, Clingman.Cobb, Corwin, Craige, Curtis,
John G. Davis, Dawson, Dick, Dowdeli, Dunbai, East-
man, Eddy, English, Fuller, Greenwood, Hamilton, Aaron
Harlan, Andrew .1. Harlan, Haven, Hendricks, Henn,
Houston, George W. Jones, Roland Jones, Kidwell, Lamb,
Latham, Lilly, Macdonald, MeDougall, McMulho, Mc-
Queen, Maxwell, Smith Miller, Morrison, Nichols, Mor-
deeai Oliver, Orr, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Phil-
lips, Pratt, Puryear, Ready, Richardson, Thomas Ritchey,
Kuffln,Sage, Sapp, Seymour, Samuel A. Smith, William
R. Smith,George W. Sruyth, Andrew Stuart, Warren, and
Wells—62.
So the House refused to adjourn over.
The question then recurred upon the motion that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mt. HAMILTON. I demand tellers upon the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hamilton
and Grow were appointed.
Mr. LETCHER. X move" that the House do
now adjourn.
The question waa put; and the motion agreed
to; and
Thereupon the House adjourned until to-mor-
row, at twelve o'clock, m.
