136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 27,
The honorable member from South Carolina,
[Mr. Orr,] on the clay when the final action was
taken upon the amendment, took upon himself to
make a statement to the House in reference to the
amendment. It will be remembered that, in June
last, a treaty was made with the Miami Indians,
by which a portion of them ceded their territory
west of the Mississippi river to the United States.
In reference to this treaty, the member from South
Carolina addressed the House in these words:
" Now, sir, on the 25th of February, 1641, a treaty was
ratified between the Miami Indians and this Government,
by the Senate of the United Stales; and, among other sup-
inations, it was therein provided that the Miamies should
receive a certain tract of land, bounded on the east by .the
State of Missouri, on the north by the country of the Weas
and Kaskasiiias, on the west by the Pottawatomies of In-
diana, and on the south by the country assigned to the New
York Indians—in all es;imated to amount to five hundred
thousand acres. Since that time, and during the course of
the present year, anoiher treaty has been negotiated with
this same tribe of Indians. A portion of them emigrated
west of the Mississippi, while the balance remained in the
State of Indiana. The gentleman now proposes to make
up a deficiency in the amount of this land. The deficiency
was about one hundred and twenty or one hundred and
thirty thousand acres. When the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs negotiated the treaty during the past summer, not
only were the Indians residing west of the Mississippi
present, and participating in the treaty, but also that por-
tion of the tribe which lemained in the Slate of Indiana.
This trealy which I hold m my hand was the result of the
'negotiation. All parties were perfectly satisfied with it.
The commissioner, when he came to negotiate the treaty,
drd not pay them for three hundred and seventy thousand
acres of land, which the Government securrd under this
last treaty; but he paid them for tlv whole five huridted
thousand acres, giving them $300,000. Both bands were
satisfied,the Indiana one especially, expressing themselves
to the effect that they had received a more favorable con-
sideration in the negotiation of the treaty than they had
anticipated. There is, therefore, not the shadow of a pre-
text for a claim on the Government for $100,000—not for
even $5."
And, sir, I believe it was upon this statement,
reads by the honorable member, that the House
voted down the amendment. He proceeds further:
" They have been fully paid every dollar to which they
are entitled ; and I only make these remarks now, so that
hereafter, when this claim shall be brought up—as I sup-
pose it will be—they may be used in evidence against it.
The Government always weakens its opposition to such
claims, while the parlies pressing them strengthen their
efforts. The two ti eaties, taken together, show that these
Indians have received every dollar to which tiiey are enti-
tled, and tile amendment ought to be rejected."
So it seem3 that the object of the gentleman
was not only to prevent the passage of the amend-
ment upon that occasion, but to forestall the action
of Congress in future, if the claim should ever
again be brought up.
Now, sir, I wish to make this explanation: I
want it distinctly understood that I am not the
person, if I know myself, to present a claim for
the action of this House which I do not believe
to be just, to be equitable, to be fair. But, this
amendment having been thus summarily disposed
of in my absence, upon the statement of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, and that statement
going upon the record for the express purpose, as
avowed, of being used as evidence against the
claim, if it should come up again in the future, my
Bilence upon the subject would be tantamount to
an admission, upon my part, that I had presented
a claim to the House without equity and without
justice, which certainly is not the fact.
Now, a few words in respect to the facta upon
which this amendment was offered. And I may
be permitted to state that 1 claim to know as much
about this matter as any man in the country, I
care not who he is, for I have acted as the agent
and friend of those Indians in this matter. It
may be necessary to state the fact that a portion
of the Miami Indians—a majority of the tribe—
reside in Indiana, and the remainder—a minority
—in Kansas Territory. There were five Indians
of the Indiana portion of the tribe who came to this
city last summer as delegates, not for the purpose
of disposing of their lands, but for the express
purpose of ascertaining why their annuity had
been withheld. .They were entitled to an annuity
by express treaty stipulation, and they came here
in reference to that annuity. They had no au:
thority to sell their lands, and they came for no
such purpose. And, sir, to give it the most tech-
nical construction, only the five Indiana Indians,
who signed the treaty ceding the lands of the
tribe, were bound by it. The Indiana portion
of the tribe are not bound by it in any respect
whatever.
Therefore, the statement of the gentleman from
■ South Carolina is, I think, incorrect, when he
says that the Miamies of Indiana were satisfied
with this treaty with respect to the lands. I be-
lieve that he will bear testimony to the fact that,
when the treaty was pending in the Senate of the
United States, in Augustjast, the Miami Indians
of Indiana asked that $100,000 should be given to
them, because they had not been provided for by
the freaty with respect to their lands west. I
now wish to ask the gentleman from South Caro-
lina a simple question, and I wish it to go upon
the record for the purpose of future use, to meet
the declaration made by the gentleman the other
day. I wish him to state whether or not the tribe
did not reside in Indiana, and whether or not they
did not, in 1840, cede to the Government of the
United States one of the most valuable Territories
in the Union for $500,000, and a section of coun-
try assigned to them west of the Mississippi,
estimated to contain five hundred thousand acres
of land?
Mr. ORR. There was a treaty made in 1840,
or 1^841, under which the Government paid the
Miami Indians a pretty large sum of money—
perhaps $500,000—j'or certain lands which were
ceded by the Indians. There was, previous to
that time, another treaty made by those Indians,
and the band which resided in the State of Indi-
ana, in addition to receiving their proportion of
the $500,000 under the treaty of 1840, and a
pretty large amount under another treaty, had
reservations granted to them by name, each grant
stipulating the number of acres that they were to
receive. The gentleman is correct in stating that
there was a treaty made, that $500,000 was paid
to the Miamies, and a very valuable tract of terri-
tory acquired from them.
Mr. HARLAN. What does the gentleman
say with reference to the amountof land assigned
to them west of the Mississippi?
Mr. ORR. The tract assigned to them, under
the treaty of 1840, or 1841, was assigned by
metes and bounds. It was bounded on the north
by the country of the Weas and Kaskaskias, on
the west by the State of Missouri, on the east by
the Pottawatomies of Indiana, and on the south
by the lands assigned to the New York Indians.
The clause of the treaty prescribing the metes and
bounds, end with these words: " estimated to
contain five hundred thousand acres." I presume
that is the statement the gentleman desires.
Mr. HARLAN. The gentleman says that, by
a former treaty, donations were given to this
band. I do not think the gentleman would make
an incorrect statement if he was aware of it, but I
desire to say, for his information, that there is a
distinction taken between a "band"and a "tribe."
By the treaty of 1840 there were reserved grants
given to but two individuals. One section was
given to Lafountain, and seven sections to Chief
Richardville. 1 care not what reservations or
grants were made in other treaties; for it will be
remembered that the Government of the United
States commenced treating with these Indians as
early as 1795, and that all the territory, west and
northwest, now embraced in Ohio, and in the
northeastern portion of Indiana, belonged to
them.
Mr. ORR. I would like to ask the gentleman
what is the value of the land reserved to those
Indians to whom he alludes ?
Mr. HARLAN. Richardville?
Mr. ORR. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARLAN. I cannot say what is the
value of the sections—perhaps $6,000 a section at
the present time.
Mr. ORR. Who are to be, eventually, the
recipients of the value of that land ?
Mr. HARLAN. I believe that Richardville
died some eight years ago, and left it to three of
his granddaughters in the tribe, and perhaps
some others.
Mr. ORR. The treaty declares that it was
given to him in trust for the benefit of his band.
Mr. HARLAN. The gentleman refers now
to the reservation granted to Meshin-go-me-sia.
Mr. ORR. "What is the value of that land ?
Mr. HARLAN. That land was reserved to
Moto-sin-ia, father of Meshin-go-me-sia, under
the treaty of 1838, which gave us another section
of countnr.
Mr. ORR. "Well, what is the value of that
land ?
Mr. HARLAN. Thirty thousand dollars;
ten sections to be held by him in trust for the
band. Not one in eight of the Indians remaining
in Indiana derives any benefit under the treaty of
1840 and treaty of 1838. There are full three
hundred Miamies in Indiana, and more than a
majority of the whole tribe have not received one
farthing under the treaty of June last, on account
of their interest in the western lands. So far from
Being paid their full proportion, and being satisfied,
they have received nothing—not one single far-
thing. Now, I will ask the gentleman how many
Miamies reside in Indiana, and how many in the
West?
Mr. ORR. I think about three hundred in In-
diana, and two hundred in the West.
Mr. HARLAN. The exact number is three
hundred and two in Indiana, and two hundred
and forty-eight in the West. Now, I want to ask
the gentleman whether, under the treaty of June
last, those residing in Indiana got one single
farthing for the proceeds of the safe of their land
in the West ?
Mr. ORR. They did not; but certain annuities
were continued to them at their solicitation, and
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs declares, in
his report, which has been ordered to be printed,
although it has not yet been sent up here, that
they not only expressed themselves satisfied, but
declared that they had received greater advantages
under the treaty than they had hoped or expected
to receive when they left home. That is the lan-
guage which the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
employs in a communication addressed to me
officially, and which has been ordered to be printed.
I have sent to the document room, but the docu-
ment has not. yet come up from the printers.
Mr. HARLAN. Sir, when these Indians in
Indiana have been deprived of every right they
were entitled to under the treaty, and in justice
and equity, then it is announced that they are sat-
isfied. That announcement reminds me of the
address of a celebrated officer to his army, when
speaking of Rome and her policy, and when about
to engage in battle with the Roman army, he
says: " When Rome has unpeopled a nation, so
that there are none left to bear arms, she has given
peace to that people." Soof these Indians; when
you have deprived them of every right, you have
"given satisfaction." These Indians came here
for the purpose of ascertaining why it was that
past annuities, to which they were justly entitled,
under treaty stipulations, had been withheld from
them. They became restive on this question, and
came here to know why their annuities could not
be paid to them. In that way, and for that pur-
pose, they came to the city of Washington; and
all that was granted in June last was a commuta-
tion of their perpetual annuity for $25,000, and
annual annuities amounting to $5,080, in the shape
of salt, tobacco, iron, steel, &c. Every dollar of
this amount has been withheld from those Indians
residing in Indiana. In regard to the land west,
they announce emphatically that they were not
authorized by the tribes residing in Indiana, to
treat for the land. They had no council upon
that subject; they knew nothing about it; and
they would not, therefore, act in regard to it.
I now wish to ask the honorable gentleman
from South Carolina, whether he has any inform-
ation whether the treaty asking an appropriation
of $100,000 for the Indians in Indiana, which
was before the Senate of the United States for
three days, was ratified or not ?
Mr. ORR. I can, of course, have no inform-
ation of any amendment having been offered,
inasmuch as the veil of secresy has not been re-
moved. 1 know not what transpired in the Senate.
It has been said—and I have no reason to doubt
it—that an amendment was offered to the treaty;
but as for stating it officially, I cannot do it.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 have now stated, in regard
to this matter, all that I desire to state. I wished
simply to say to the House, that these Indians of
Indiana have got nothing by this treaty, except
what was guarantied them by former treaties. I
desire to say, that the Indians residing in Indiana
feel that they are weak.and feeble; and that—if I
may so call it—they were, by an arbitrary decis-
ion, ruled out of all-participation in any benefits
resulting from the grant to the Indians of the lands
west. They have had no agency in the matter,
and have not been regarded as owners in part of
these lands; and they feel that they have been
deeply aggrieved, and deprived of their interest in
them by this treaty. If the House are not willing
