138
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
December 27*
• Also, that the Senate have agreed to the amend-
ments of the Heuse to the bill of the Senate, to
provide for the contingent expenses of the Terri-
tory of Nebraska.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills and a
joint resolution of the following titles, in which
he was instructed to ask the concurrence of the
House:
An act to increase the pension of Patrick C.
Miles;
An act to extend the provisions of an act en-
titled " Anactto provide for the services of George
Morell in adjusting titles to land in Michigan;"
and
A. joint resolution relative to the construction of
laws for the allowance of additional compensation
to the clerks in the Census Bureau.
The committee then again resumed its session.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
When the following paragraph was read:
For theCapiiol extension, three hundred and twenty-five
thousand dollars—
Mr. HENN said: I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means if it
is the intention of the Government to quarter the
Army upon the Capitol ?
Mr. IlOUSTOiN. No, sir; I beligve it is the
intention to quarter another class of patriots who
have left their homes, and come here to carry on
the business of legislation. [Laughter.]
I will state, however, to the gentleman from
Jo.wa, that this item was recommended by the
War Department, and it was deemed proper by
the Committee of Ways and Means to insert it in
the Army bill, rather than to transfer itto another
appropriation bill. If there are no other amend-
ments, I will move that the bill belaid aside to be
reported to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
post office appropriation bill. 
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move to take up
House bill (No. 594) making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department for the
year ending June 30, 1856.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I trust the
gentleman from Alabama will now interpose no
objection to taking up and disposing of the first
bill upon the Calendar, which is the first business
regularly before the, committee.
A Mkmber. What bill is it?
Mr. WASHBURNE. It is the swamp land
bill. Itwas reported almostatthe commencement
of the last session of Congress, and has remained
upon the Calendar ever since.
Mr. HOUSTON. The House is thin now, and
if you take up that bill, it will give rise to a good
deal of altercation, and, in all probability, at this
period of the session, may result in our doing
nothing. The appropriation bills that I propose to
take up, are such as may be examined now, just
fis well as in a full House. In all likelihood, no
opposition will be made to any item in them,
and if thete is any serious opposition made to a
singte item, 1 shall not ask for a vote upon it in
.so thin a Souse as we now have. I move that
House bill No. 594—the Post Office appropriation
bill—be taken up;
Mr. WASHBURNE. I think it my duty to
insist upon the regular order of business.
Mr. HAMILTON. That is the regular order;
appropriation bills take precedence.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Illinois must be aware that it is especially
provided by the rules that a motion to take up
one of the regular appropriation bills shall be in
order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Well, then, I hope the
committee will vote down the motion of the gen-
tleman from Alabama.
Mr. JONES. If the committee vote down the
motion to take up the bill proposed to betaken up
by thegentleman from Alabama, why then the Cal-
endar will be called in its order. But, as the gen-
tleman from Alabama remarked, many of those
interested in the swamp land bill are not present,
and the Post Office appropriation bill is a matter
.of course anyhow, and we can pass 'it as well
< now in a thin House as we could in a full one.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The bill which I desire
- to have considered is one in which the country at
large is interested; private rights are at stake, and
my constituents demand early action upon ft. I
have been written to frequently on the subject.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Alabama is in order, and the Chair
will put the question.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I call fpr a division.
The committee w s divided on Mr. Houston's
motion, and the Chairman announced that there
were sixty voting in the affirmative.
Mr. HAVEN: I*the Chair will allow me, I
will make an appeal to my friend from Illinois,
and I think we can accommodate this mutter., in a
moment. I seethatbili No. 594, which thegentle-
man from Alabama proposes to take up, is a very
short bill, covering only two pages. If thegentle-
majfetfrom Illinois will withdraw his demand for a
division, we can disposeof that bill in a very short
time, and then take up the swamp land bill, If
he insists on a division, the committee will proba-
bly have to rise on account of the disclosure of a
deficiency of a quorum.
Mr. WASHBURNJ5. With that understand-
ing I will withdraw my demand for a division.
Mr. HAMILTON. It is the understanding of
no other part of the House.
- Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I insist on a count
of the negative tide.
Mr. ORR. I demand tellers on the motion of
the gentleman from Alabama.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Eastman and
Noble were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 77, noes 17.
No quorum having,voted, the roll was called,
and the absentees noted, when one hundred and
twenty-two members answered to their names.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported the facts
to the House, together with the names of the
absentees.
A quorum being now present, the committee
resumed its session.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from Illinois will waive his demand for a division,
and allow the appropriation bill to be disposed of,
I am satisfied there will then be no opposition to
taking up the swamp land bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I am perfectly willing
to pursue that course. I only wanted that under-
standing in the first place.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. Houston's motion was then agreed to nem.
con., and the committee proceeded to consider
House bill (No. 594) " making appropriation for
the service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1856."
The bill was first read in extenso, and then by
clauses for amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the bill be laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it pass.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
Mr. HOUSTON". I have other appropriation
bills ready, and I would like very much to take
some of tliem up to-day, but if the House con-
siders itself under obligation to take up the swamp
land bill, I will interpose no objection. My object
is to bring about prompt legislation, and advance
in our business as much and as fast as possible.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 hope that
the House will now proceed to consider the swamp
land bill.
Mr. BENTON. I was on the point of address-
ing the Chair, for the purpose of offering an amend-
ment, when the Post Office appropriation bill was
laid aside. I now ask the consent of the House
to offer the following amendment:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it farther enacted. That the Fostmastcr
General shall contract with the lowest and best bidder, for
cringing the mail in daily coaches, wagons, and sleighs,
between the city of Independence, in the State of Missouri,
raid n mam mailline to San Francisco,m the State of Cali-
fornia; the contractor to open the road where necessary,
and to erf'ct temporary bridges and Jerries where needed;
the expense of such work to be included in the bid; and
the road to be free for al! travelers when opened* and a
moderate toll agreed upon with the Postmaster General,
for crossing bridges and ferries.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to a reconsideration
of the bill now, with a view of letting in an amend-
ment of that kind. The amendment which the
gentleman from Missouri desires to offer would
not be in order, even if the bill were now before
the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. TheChairrules thearnend-
ment out of order. The business now first in
order, is the consideration of House bill (No. 109)
st for the relief of purchasers and locators of
swamp overflowed lands."
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move that the
committee rise. ' * .
The question was taken; and, upon division,
there were—ayes 29, noes not counted.
Mr. SMITH demanded tellers on his motion;
which were ordered; and Messrs. Smith, of Ten-
nessee, and Cullom, were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 70, noes not counted.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported thattiie
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the state of the
Union generally, and particularly House bills No.
562 and No. 594, which they had directed him
to report to the House, one with and one without
an amendment, with a recommendation that they
pass.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bills reported from
the Committee oJ[ the "Whole on the state of the
Union. , .
Mr. McDOUGALL. I would ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means to
withdraw his demand for the previous question,
in order that 1 may offer an amendment to the
Army appropriation bill, which is recommended
by the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. 'HOUSTON. If the gentleman will indi-
cate to the House what the amendment is, and if
no one objects to it, I am willing that the amend-
ment should be offered, if it be in order as an
amendment to that bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is an amendment rec-
ommended by the Secretary of War, and is as fol-
lows:
For the purpose of determining how far camels and
dromedaries may be made useful to the Government for
the purposes of transportation over the deserts of the in-
terior, and lor the purpose of exploring the game, $20,000,
to be expended by, and under the direction of, the Secre-
tary of War.
Mr. HAMILTON. That amendment is not in
order to the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for theprevious ques-
tion upon the bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw that demand, as I want to explain
what the amendment is.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 cannot withdraw it for the
purpose of explanation. I withdrew it merely
to hear what the nature of the amendment was.
Mr. LETCHER. Is the amendment in order?
Mr. HA MILTON. It is not.
The SPEAKER. If the question were raised,
the Chair would decide that it is not.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I raise the question.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The amendment has been
recommended by one of the standing committeea
of  his House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides it to
be out of order, upon the ground that there is no
law authorizing it, and for that reason it is not
regular as an amendment to an appropriation bill.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. KEITT. I rise to a privileged question.
I move that when this'House adjourns, it .adjourn
to meet on Saturday next.
The question was taken; and the motion was
dccided in the affirmative.
So the Hou^e decided when it adjourns, to ad-
journ over until Saturday next.
army bill again".
The previous question was' then seconded, and
the main question was ordered to be now put.
The mam question being first upon the amend-
ments recommended by the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, the question
was taken, and the amendments were agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
subsequently read a third time, and passed.
POST OFFICE BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the Post Office appropria-
tion bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be now put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
