IBM.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
subsequently read a third time, and passed.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the votes,
respectively, by which the last two bills were
passed, and also to lay the motions to reconsider
upon the table; which latter motions were agreed
to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bill; which thereupon received the signature of
the Speaker, viz:
An act to provide for the contingent expenses of
the Territory of Nebraska.
Mr. CAMPI3ELL. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would request
the gentleman to withdraw that motion for a mo-
ment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Certainly.
MAILS UPON THE MISSISSIPPI.
The SPEAKER thereupon presented to the
House a communication from the Post Office De-
partment, in response to a resolution of the House
adopted the ]3th instant, inquiring as to the estab-
lishment of a mail upon the Mississippi river,
under an act of Congress passed August 5, 1854.
The communication was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
DOLLY EMPSON.
Mr. READY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill granting a pension (o Dolly Empson;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
EXPLORATION OF COLONEL FREMONT.
Mr. McDQUGALL. I have a document in
my hand from Colonel Fremont, in regard to his
explorations last winter over the continent, from
Missouri to California. I desire to have it printed
for the use of the House. It has been printed for
the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
RIVER AND HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. NOBLE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following bill, of which previous notice
had been given; which was read a fu st and second
time by its title:
A bill making appropriation to continue the
public works, and to extend the pier in the harbor
at Monroe, M'chigm.
The SPEAKER announced that it was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HAVEN. I desired to submit a very few
remarks upon the reference of the bill introduced
by the gentleman from Michigan, if it is not too
late.
The SPEAKER. It is not too late. The gen-
tleman from New York addressed the Chair before
the bill was referred. The gentleman from New
York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman will yield the
floor for that purpose, I will move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. HENN. Before thegentleman from New
York yields the floor for that purpose, I hope he
will allow me to say that the Houf>e have determ-
ined not to transact any business this week after
to-day, and that, as the bill making appropria-
tions for the contingent expenses nf the Territory
of Nebraska has not yet b?en finally disposed of,
it is important that we should dispose of it before
we adjourn. N
Mr. HAVEN. The object I had in view in
asking theattention of the House to a few remarks,
at this time, was not with any particular reference
to the bill introduced by the gentleman ftom
Michigan, but I had intended, within the space of
five minutes, to have submitted a few suggestions
upon the subject of internal improvements. I
can do it, however, as well at any other time as
now, and if the House desire it, I will give way
for a motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest that,
if the House adjourn in the present stage of busi-
ness, the bill introduced by the gentleman from
Michigan will go to the Speaker's table, at the
foot of the Calendar.
Mr. HAVEN. I will then move to refer it to
the Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. That motion is already
pending.
Mr. HAVEN. My purpose in addressing the
Chair has no foundation in any hostility to the
bill of the gentleman from Michigan, but there
has been, withm a few days past, several bilU of
a similar character, looking to the prosecution of
other works of internal improvement, and they
have been referred to the Committee on Com-
merce without any debate, and apparently without
exciting, to any considerable degree, the attention
of the House. This question of river and harbor
improvements is a great, and,in some portions of
the country, an absorbing question; it addresses
itself very directly to the attention of commercial
men,—of business men everywhere; and 1 desire
to say a few words, and throw out a few sug-
gestions, to awaken the House, and perchance
the country, to the importance of some conclu-
sion, and some settled plan of action in reference
to it now. This desultory way of treating the
subject, by leaving it entirely to the individual
action of members particularly interested in given
localities, I am satisfied will produce no good
fruits, and I suggest to the House to consider
whether we ought not to instruct the Committee
on Commerce to report separate bills for each 1
item contained in the bill of the last session vetoed
by the President, (something like one hundred and
forty in number, I believe,) or so many of them as
are not clearly open to constitutional objection, if
there be any such, and then set apart some speci-
fied time for their consideration by the House, and
pass them, and send them to the President sepa-
rately for his approval. This is the only process
I think by which we can draw from the President
those hiuden, those secret, mysterious, untold
reasons, which have so far, this session, paralyzed
our action, and prevented our extending'our
helping hands to the crippled and deserving com-
merce, carried on by means of the rivers and
lakes between the dliferent States of the Union.
This we can do if we will set ourselves about it,
and it is due to the business interests of the coun-
try that we should do it, or adopt some other mode
of extending our fostering hana to these great and
neglected interests.
I suggest that this matter ought net to remain
longer " down at the heel," anu ** in this raveled-
out condition," if I may be allowed the expres-
sion.
It has been suggested by some, and, I believe,
by honorable Senators, in the other end of the
Capitol, that these works of river and harbor im-
prov^hjents had better be grouped and included in
several bills, each bill to contain the appropria-
tions for a general section of the country—as, for
instance, one bill for the lakes, another for the
rivers, another for the Atlantic sea-board, and still
another for the Pacific. I would have no objec-
tion to this plan, if it would tend to help us out of
the hands of the Philistines, into which the veto,
containing many promises, but no objections, has
precipitated us with these works. But I foresee
the plan will not work—the veil of secrecy will
rest upon the objections that would fail to be dis-
closed in future vetoes to such bills, and time
would be wasted without any valuable results.
And I can assure gentlemen here that their hopes
will prove fallacious if they rest upon any such
assumption. My own opinion is, that sepai ate bilJs
only will lay the whole subject bare, and force
upon the Executive the responsibility that he has,
so far, successfully shunned, and leave upon the
two Houses their portion of responsibility, which,
for one, I am very ready to assume.
My principal object, however, in alluding to the
subject at this time, was to call the attention of
the House to it, and suggest early and appropriate
action; such action ought not to belongerdelayed,
whatever it may be. if thegentleman from lo\va
[Mr. Henn] has some special matter on which
he desires immediate legislation to-day, I will not
interpose this subject further, as it can be resumed
at the convenience of the House.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. Before the gentle-
man yields the floor, I wish to inquire, in reference
to the statement just made by the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Henn,] if the bill to provide for the
contingent expenses of the Territory of Nebraska
has not passed the Senate, and Just been signed
by the Speaker of the House?
The SPEAKER. It has just been signed.
Mr. JONES. Then I suppose the House have
nothing further to do in .reference to it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Before thegentleman from
New York takes his seat, will he allow me to ask
him one question ?
Mr. HAVEN. Certainly.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman whether he also proposes to have sepa-
rate bills reported for each of the light-houses in
the different sections of the country? It strikes
me that the gentleman's plan of having separate
bills.reported for each item of river and harbor
improvement is wholly impracticable. You might
just as well, in my judgment, have a separate bill
for each item of appropriation in the civil and
diplomatic bill, or for each light-house in the
country, as for each item of river and harbor im-
provement. Every gentleman in the House knowa
that at the close of every Congress the Speaker's
.table is loaded down with bills that do not pass,
because they can never be reached. I repeat, sirj
that if we are to have three or four hundred sep-
arate bills, which should be reported in one gen-
eral river and harbor bill, we might just as well
have a separate bill for every item in your light-
house appropriation bill, and for every item in
every other branch of the public service. I, for
one, have never yet framed with those who follow
Executive dictation, and I never will.
Mr. HAVEN. The point which I understand,
thegentleman from Ohio to make in his inquiry
is, whether I propose to have a separate bill re-
ported for each item of appropriation for light-
houses. I answer that I do not. That is a Sub-
ject to which I have not alluded; but it is one
which the President has not yet by his veto re-
duced us to the necessity of considering., although
I commend the subject to his friends, as standing
substantially on the same grounds as river and
harbor improvements. I would also say to the
gentleman, and to the House, that if my wishes
■could be followed upon this subject, I would not
suggest that these appropriations of necessity
should be passed in separate and independentbills
at all. The gentleman knows that I have voted
for general river and harbor appropriation bills,
but I would advise him, if he desires to know
what the difficulties are in the way of a general
bill, and how to get over them, he should put
his inquiry to the Executive himself, for the ob-
jections came from that source originally, and not
from me.
The Executive has promised to send his objec-
tions to the river and harbor bill, as he had the
right to do. But we were told when the bill was
returned at the close of the last session, that he
had deferred sending them on that occasion for
want of time to give the bill a proper considera-
tion. There is one suggestion, however, which I
desire shall go to the country in that connection.
It will be recollected that the veto message came
into this House on Friday, the 4th of August,
being theday originally fixed for thefinal adjourn-
ment of the lest session, but not until after both
Houses of Congress had passed a resolution to
extend the session until the Monday following,
thereby giving to the President a further oppor-
tunity of considering the bill before returning it to
the House, and of stating his objections to it.
Mr. OflR. I want to correct the gentleman as
to the misapprehension info which he has fallen
in reference to the extension of the session from
Friday to Monday. The object was to enable the
engrossing committee to report the bills that had
been passed, and not, as the gentleman states, to
give the President time to consider the river and
harbor bill before returning it.
Mr. HAVEN. The gentleman need feel no
uneasiness upon this subject. He will remember
that when we agreed to extend the session, it was
resolved that we should not transact any business
except of a particular and very limited description
in the mean time.
Mr. CRAIGE, (interrupting.) Thegentleman
from New York need have no apprehension of
uneasiness upon the part of this side of the House;
but whenever gentlemen upon the other sidemake
misstatements of facts upon the matter under con-
sideration, we shall correct them. The gentleman
states that the House agreed to extend the session
for the purpose of enabling the President to bring
in his veto message; the fact is, that the extension
was to allow time for the bills to be engrossed and
signed.
Mr. HAVEN. My friend from North Caro-
lina would have sayed himself the necessity of
making the very lueid explanation he haa given,
