140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 27,
if he had only waited a moment. Now, air, the
facts, as 1 recollect them, were these: We agreed
upon Friday that we would extend the time for the
final adjournment until the Monday following. It
was also agreed that, in the mean time, nothing but
certain motions should be in order. It is true, that
one object—and perhaps the express object the
House had in view in extending the session—was
to enable the engrossing clerks to transact their
portion of the business. But, at the same time, I
want to inquire of the gentleman from North Car-
olina, if, when we adjourned from Friday until
Monday, for the purpose of having other bills
properly engrossed by our clerks, it did not give
the President also until Monday to consider the
river and harbor bill, and present his objections to
it at that time? I understand that on Monday
morning messages were received from the Presi-
dent, announcing that he had signed certain other
bills, and the receipt of these Executive messages
was the only species of business which was trans-
acted in the House.
I do not suppose that this extension was made
for the express purpose of accommodating the
President; but 1 do understand that there was just
as much time for the Executive, from two o'clock
on Friday, until seven o'clock on Monday morn-
ing, to consider imd state (o us his objections (o
that bill, as there was for the engrossing clerks,
or for the members of the House, to transact any
business that legitimately belonged to them to
perform.
Mr. Speaker, I should have finished what I had
to say long before- this time, if I had not been
interrupted. But I was going on to say, that the
bill came back with the message of the President
declaring that he withheld his signature—as he
had the right to do—on Friday. Now, the Con-
stitution provides that the Executive may return
any bill to the House in which it originated with
his objections. But the President, in his message,
states, in substance, that he had not time to state
his reasons, and to exhibit the distinctions as he
desired to present them in reference to various
portions of the bill. Well, sir, everybody was
willing that he should take time to accomplish his
purpose. He promised that he would make
another communication to us upon the subject at
some subsequent time. I supposed it was to
accompany his annual message, but that commu-
nication has not yet been made.
It is undoubtedly proper, under the Constitution,
for the President from time to time, or at any time,
to give to Congress information on the state of
the Union, and recommend to their consideration
such measures as he shall judge necessary and
expedient. But 1 do not know, unless the twice
promised message is to be regarded—provided a
message ever is to come on this subject—as inform-
ation on the state of the Union generally, how
we are to receive it, or by what authority he is to
communicate it.
Why, he might just as well send counselors here
to address the House as send his objections, unless
they come back when the bill comes, as provided
by the Constitution. I hope a message will come.
I shall be very happy to receive and consider it.
I hope we shall be possessed at last of those
" reasons " so long in gestation, and that are so
very hard of delivery, in orderthat we may know,
when we see them, whether it is possible, by legis-
lating in gross or in detail here, that the business
community, the people at large, can have the bene-
fit of the action of this Government, or whether
the action of this Congress, through the use of the
Executive veto, is to be confined entirely to the
officers of the Government, and to be for the ben-
efit of the Government alone.
I have made these suggestions, not because I
am wedded to any particular policy, nor because
I desire to make war upon the Executive, or upon
any of the gentlemen who think with him upon
this subjesftj but I have made them because it has
seemed to me that the House is allowing these
various bills to be introduced without any par-
ticular consideration? and letting this matter drift
along until we shall get into the short days of the
session, when nothing effectual can be done; the
whole thing, I fear, will be allowed to " grow
small by degrees and beautifully less," until it is
extinguished on the 4th of March, with the com-
missions of the members now here. I do not care
about legislating in detail upon these measures,
•Ithough I think that a very good way j but I want
to wake up the House, if I can, to some proper
mode of legislation, that will enable us to say to
the country, either that their just expectations
have been answered here, or that we cannot legis-
late, in gross or in detail, in such, a way as to meet
the approval of the Executive Department of this
Government in reference to the interests of the
people at large, and then let the responsibility rest
where it belongs. 1 do not wish to wake up any
spirit of controversy here, or to make any sug-
gestion that will call forth remark, but simply to
arouse the House to call upon their committee-to
make some report that shall bring up this whole
subject for action, and shall indicate to the country
what we have determined upon in reference to it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, (Mr. Haven yielding the
floor temporarily, by request.) I simply wish to
say, that so far as the Executive is concerned, I
think the Constitution settles his duty in respect
to this matter. If he does not approve a bill, he
should return it with his reasons, which are to go
upon the record. In this instance, the Executive
asked for time to give his reasons", and gentlemen
will bear me witness that I appealed to the
House, when the question was before us, to post-
pone the consideration of the river and harbor
bill, in order that the Executive might send in his
reasons for vetoing that measure. The House,
however, refused to do that, and there is now no
measure upon which the Executive can predicate
a message which shall go upon the Journal. It
was the right of the Executive, when he vetoed
that measure, to have his reasons placed upon the
Journal; but the House, by its hasty action,
deprived him of that right; and now, if he sends
in his reasons, they cannot go upon the Jourual.
Mr. BOCOCK. Will the gentleman from New
York allow me to ask the gentleman from Ohio a
question ?
Mr. HAVEN. Yes, certainly.
Mr. BOCOCK. J wish to know of iht gentle-
man from Ohio, what particular desire be has for
the reasons of the President in relation to this
subject? We have found a sufficient number of
gentlemen here to prevent the passage of that
river and harbor bill, the President's reasons to
the contrary notwithstanding. Does the gentle-
man think that, if the Presideht had given his
reasons, gentlemen who voted against the bill
would have been brought to vote for it ? or did the
gentleman wish to have the reasons in order to
swell the vote by which the bill was defeated ?
What does he want with the reasons of thifPres-
ident ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. In the first place, Mr.
Speaker, I hold that it was due to the Executive
of this great nation, when he had asked of the
House of Representatives the privilege of sending
in his reasons, and when there was no injury to
be done by delay, that that privilege should have
been extended to him. I have no idea that his
reasons would change my opinions, although
they are subject to change when there is sufficient
reason upon which 1 can predicate a change; for
I do not claim to be one of those who never change
an opinion once formed. I was willing to receive
and read his reasons, in addition to extending to
him the courtesy that was due to his high station.
That was the reason why I made the appeal to the
House to delay action on the veto; but the House
would not wait for the President's reasons, or give
him an opportunity of having them put upon the
Journal. Of course, gentlemen opposite could
prevent the passage of the bill, for we had not
two thirds, and now gentlemen who assert that
the doctrine of" popular sovereignty" is the great
fundamental principle of their party, twit us, be-
cause a minority prevented us from passing a bill
which had passed both Houses of Congress, in
which there is a majority of nearly two to one in
favor of the Executive—voted for by men, I ap-
prehend, quite as learned in constitutional law as
the gentleman's President, both in the Senate and
in this House. I may say that without dispar-
agement to the Executive. I want to see all the
reasons of the Executive for vetoing that measure;
the country wants to see them all; for it is a great
national system, and we want to know how to
meet these Executive vetoes.
Mr. HAVEN, (resuming.) As I said before,
I have no desire to.create any kind of ill-feeling,
either political or otherwise, between any portions
of this House and the Executive, or any of the
members of the House. One of my reasons for
desiring legislation by separate bills, at least if no
other method can procure them, is by a proper
mode to get the long promised views of the Ex-
ecutive upon this subject. It is possible that he
may present them in a way that will be satisfac-
tory to the country. It is not for me to say that
he will not do so, although I have long thought,
myself, without being in possession of those views,
that we had the right and the power, under the
Constitution, to make provision to the extent of
the bill that was lately returned. I repeat, I do
not desire to induce any debate upon this subject,
but simply to call the attention of the House to it,
and there leave it for the present. ■'
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I have listened,
with a good deal of surprise, to the remarks of
my friend from New York. Sir, one of the Bfest
acts of statesmanship of Silas Wright, in my
opinion, was the proposition that he made, that
all these acta for internal improvements should be
considered separately, and that each one should
stand upon its own basis. That was the propo-
sition that came from the gentleman's own State,
and from one of its most eminent statesmen. The
propriety of that course is so manifest, that I am
sure the House, accustomed as it is to the system
of clubbing improvements together, would hardly
tolerate me in making an argument in its support.
And yet, strange to say, the system thus suggested
from his own State, and by one of its most emi-
nent statesmen, is made a special ground of objec-
tion with the gentleman from New York.
Mr. HAVEN, (interposing.) Oh, no; I beg
the gentleman's pardon. My very proposition, if
the gentleman will allow me to say so, was, that
we should instruct our committee to report sepa-
rate bills, and not to deal with the subject other-
wise.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. That does not ftieet
my objection. If they come in together, they had
as well be incorporated in one bill, as to have every
man with his bill in his hand, going about and
milking an arrangement with somebody else. The
proposition of the gentleman from I^Tew York
does not mend the matter at all, as I understand
it. They will come in together; for they are gre-
garious, and have a disposition to associate with
each other.
Another remark of the gentleman from New
York struck me as still more singular than the
one upon which I have commented. It is this:
Tl^at the President had done a great wrong in his
sending a bill here with his objections to its pas-
sage, and afterwards, in his annual message,
offering to give more in detail* his reasons for
those objections. I am sure that there is no dis-
position, on the part of our Executive, to depart
from the early practice of the Government in the
vetoes. I do not know that it is published, but I
have seen in manuscript, in his own handwriting,
the veto that Mr. Madison prepared, at the request
of General Washington, to the first bank of the
United States. It is a model paper, and Mr.
Madison meant to make it such. He confined
himself to the Constitution, to assigning the ob-
jections, and not to arguing the case. " I object
to the passage of the bill because." He gave his
objections for withholding his signature, and did
not go into an elaborate and forensic argument.
T. here you have a message, prepared under Gen-
eral Washmgton's direction, vetoing the first bank
of the United States, with nothing but the lan-
guage of the Constitution—" I object"—and the
reasons assigned therefor.
Although I vfould have been satisfied with the
simple veto of the President, without his argu-
ments, it is very singular that the gentleman from
New York, of all others in this House, should
object to the course the President has taken. I
recollect that, when the fugitive slave-law passed,
-l* ^'t'ent of the United States took the opinion
of the Attorney General upon that question. He
did not send it to Congress, but had it filed in the
Department of State, and it was published in the
newspapers. Mr. Polk signed the Oregon bill,
ana put his reasons on Hie for doing so; yet that
was not within the Constitution, strictly speaking.
Mr. .Fillmore signed the fugitive slave-law, and,
through his Attorney General, gave his reasons
for doing so, and put them upon file. It would
have been quite aa respectful if he had sent those
reasons to the House, as to have put them on file
in the Department of State. I am, therefore,
surprised that the gentleman from New York
