142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 27,
even allow the message to be read, because there
was not a, sufficient number of members present to
act then upon the bill.
Now, sir, the President knew as well aa the
gentleman from New York, that the question
must again be presented to the House upon the
passage of the bill , after he had vetoed it and sent
it back, and (hat the House could still j>ass it in
spite.of his objections, if a vote of two-thirds could
be obtained in its favor. But the Pve.sid.ent re-
turned the bill immediately, not having had time
to prepare, in full detail, his objections to the
bill, so that the majority here, might, before the
adjournment of the session, vote upon the ques-
tion " shall the bill pass, notwithstanding the ob-
jections of the President." The gentleman from
'New York and his friends, were resolved that the
bill should pass, or defeat every other appropria-
tion btll, and the President gratified the gentleman,
and in time to take the second vote before four
o'clock that afternoon. For mark you, the House,
in'extending the time for adjournment, had pro-
vided expressly in the resolution that no legislative
business, of any description whatever, should be
transacted after four o clock on Friday. Now,
suppose, as the gentleman from New York sug-
gests, the President had delayed sending in his •
message lentil Monday morning, and, in the mean
time, had prepared his reasons, at length, for with-
holding his signature, what would have been the
result? No action could have been tajten upon
the bill until the present session, and would not
the charge have been made then, by thegentleman
irom N.ew York, that he had purposely kept back
the bill, with his veto, for the purpose of defeating
the action .of the House upon it at the last session ?
The gentleman is hard to satisfy. He complains
that the Piesidentdid not furnish adequate reasons
for the veto, and yet, when heobjectec! to the read-
ing of the veto message, he could not possibly
have known its contents, and whether the reasons
were satisfactory or not. Whether good or bad,
]tie alone ia responsible for their not being pub-
lished.
And let me, in this connection, say to my friend
over the way, [Mr. Haven,] that I repeat what f
said at the time this veto message was received,
that there has never yet been an unpopular veto
in this country. There has never been a veto
sent into this House, or into the Senate, by any
President, upon any great question, when the
question has gone before the people of the^oun-
try, that they have not decided, upon the sober
second thought, that the President was right, and
ought to be sustained. Sir, the mistake which
the State and Federal Governments in this country
lias fallen into, has been too much legislation; that
people are best governed who are least governed.
Any President who, acting upon his moral respon-
sibility, according to the dictates of his conscience,
has had the manly courage to step in and veto
legislation which he believes to be wrong, has
always commanded the respect,of the people of
the country. Such has always been the fact, and
it will always be so. It is right that it should bo
so. The people never fail to rally to the standard
of a leader who courageously interposes to check
and defeat assumptions of power in any of the de-
partments of Government. When has the country
suffered detriment., or the citizen deprived of his
just rights by the exercise of the veto power ?
But the gentleman from Maine told the House
that there had been but a single precedent in which
a President, .after, a measure had been voted upon
a second time, had sent in his reasons for with-
holding his signature—I believe he refers to a
case happening during the administration of Mr.
Monroe—and he remarks, that it ia a custom
more honored in the breach than in the observ-
ance. And yet, in the next breath, he complains
of the President, because he has not given to the
House his reasons for vetoing the bill. Sir, the
question was very pertinently put by the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock;] why does he
want to know the reasons of the President? Does
he expect those reasons will change his views ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. ' I would like
to have received the reasons of the President
before the veto message was acted upon; and I
would like to hear them now, so that the friends of
rivers and harbors may be enabled to avoid the
requirement of a two thirds vote—that we may
know just what kind of a bill to pass to obtain
for it lus approbation.
Mr. ORR. Then the ground upon which the
gentleman from Maine predicates his opinions is
entirely erroneous. If he believes the bill which
be voted for, and which his friends voted for, arid
carried through the House, was right; if he be-
lieves there was nothing unconstitutional in it,
then, according to his opinion, the President has
outraged the public sentiment of the country in
vetoing it. It is his duty,' and the duty of his
friends, to prepare another bill exactly of that
discription, to pass it, and send it to the President,
and give him another opportunity to send in
another veto.
Mr. WASHBURN. 1 think the gentleman,
as a practical man, would not adopt the course he
suggests. If there are one hundred, or one hun-
dred and twenty items which I believe ought to be
included in such bill, and I had reason to believe
that the President would approve of one hundred
of them, but not of the others, should I not, as a
practical man, include in the bill such as would
meet his approval, when I knew that if all were
included the whole bill would be defeated ?
Mr. ORR. I will say to the gentleman from
Maine that where constitutional issues and opin-
ions are involved, the question of practicability
cannot arise.
Mr. WASHBURN. It does not follow that
the question of constitutionality must arise. If
the President is willing to approve one hundred of
the items, should I not, a,s a practical mtm, secure
them, and let tl^e other ten go, although I believed
them all to be constitutional ?
Mr. ORR. Then the ground jvhich the gentle-
man from Maine assumes is, in fact, this: suppose
the House and the Senate, acting as a legislative
body, pass a bill which they believ.e to be proper,
and which they believe to be constitutional; they
send it to the President, and he vetoes it; would
the gentleman from Maine have Congress assert
its independence, and adhere to the principle it
had promulgated? Notatall. He is for bowing,
as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell]
says, to Executive dictation, and for framing and
passing such a bill as the President would sign.
What sort of morality would that be in politics?
Is that the measure of his devotion to principle and
right?
W.lien you believe your principles are correct,
but you are foiled in carrying them into effect by
an Executive veto, are you to turn round and
crouch before the power that thwarts you ? Are
you to bow silently and humbly to Executive dic-
tation, merely for the sake cf securing a little
appropriation for the improvement of your river
or harbor ? No, sir, if the gentleman from Maine
believes that the President is wrong, and if he
believes that public opinion in the country does
not justify the President in his veto, it is his duty
to assert his rights, and those of the country, and
not to bow to the dictates af the President.
But, sir, I suspect strongly that the gentleman
from Ohio, over the way, [Mr. Campbell,] who
is an old tactician, and who understands party
politics and party tactics, perhaps, better than any
man in the House, and the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Haven,] who, 1 think, I should cer-
tainly be doing no more than justice, to say is a
very adroit tactician, do not want these reasons
at all, and that they now bring the matter before
the country for the purpose of making political
capital out of it. They do not want the reasons
of the President. That is the very last thing they
want. But I will say to the gentlemen that I will
venture the prediction, that they will get the rea-
sons of the President, and that this long protracted
gestation, which the gentleman from New York
speaks of, will result in sending forth a full-grown
Hercules that will batter down all the feeble argu-
ments which have been made upon this subject in
favor of the constitutionality and expediency of
the bill which was passed last session.
Now, I suppose that if I were to itemize this
bill—go over, item after item, and require thegen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Washburn] to say
whether each item was, in his opinion, constitu-
tional or not, his test of constitutionality would
be natiosality; if it were national, it would be
constitutional. Well, sir, if that be the test of
the gentleman from Maine—and it certainly would
be a very loose way of reading the Constitution
—I think that there are a dozen different appro-
priations in that bill which no msui would, have
the immodesty to declare were national in any
point of view whatever; they are as local as lo-
cality itself. .
Let me say to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Campbell,] in conclusion, that he need notalsfrm
himself about the reasons of the President. I
was one of those who voted for the previous ques-
tion a few .days since, in order-that the river and
harbor bill might be disposed of at once, and I
did so bemuse 1 knew that nothing could come of
it legislatively. The bill passed by only fifteen
majority, and there was no possibility pf there
being two thirds jn favor of it now- I think gen-
tlemen have had sufficient evidence of thefirmness
and ipdependence of the President to believe that
if they send him another such bill, he will veto, it
also. In due time they will get the reasons of the
President, and if those reasons fail to satisfy the
gentleman from Ohio and the gentleman from
Maine, they will, I feel assured, satisfy the good
people of this country, and, when they are satis-
fied, no one else will have cause to complain.
Mess.rs. Haven and Letcher rose simultane-
ously, and both claimed the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York having had the floor once upon this ques-
tion, the gentleman from Virginia is entitled to it.
Mr. HAVEN. I appeal to ipy friend from
Virginia, to let me say a few words in reply to
his colleague, [Mr. Bayly,] and the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr.]
Mr. LETCHER. I will give the gentleman
the opportunity he desires.
Mr.GREENWOOD. Will thegentleman from
Virginia yield me the floor for a few moments, in
order that I may reply to the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Maine?
Mr. LETCHER. I am going to do that my-
self by-and-by, if I can get a chance., [Laughter.]
Mr. GREENWOOD. I merely want to make
an explanation—nothing more.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, let the gentleman
from New York go on now, and perhaps I will
give you a chance afterwards.
Mr. HAVEN. If the floor is in my possession
through the kindness and liberality of the gentle-
man from Virginia, I desire the attention of the
House for a few moments.
I did not, nor do I now, intend or design to
argue the question of the expediency or constitu-
tionality of these river and harbor improvements.
I may, and very likely shall, desire to do that at
some future time. I know my friend from South
Carolina does not expect it from me now, for I
notice that he does not include mein the catalogue
of those who might possibly be demolished by the
"full-grown Hercules" he foretells us—perhaps,
having better means of prophecy than the rest of
us—by some extraordinary operation of mid-
wifery, is to be born unto this House, within a
short time. [Laughter.]
I rise more for the purpose of putting myself
right with the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly,] because if there are any two gentlemen
in this House whose esteem and the approval of
whose judgments I particularly desire more than
that of others, they are my friends from South
Carolina and Virginia.
Now, in reference to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. He first complained of me because I made
the suggestion that this House had better send
instructions, by some manly action, above-board,
and in the face of the country, to its Committee
on Commerce to report separate bills, an.d then he
turned round and pronounced a eulogy upon the
course of an eminent statesman of my own State
—Silas Wright—because he had recommended a
similar course. I wish he would state to me log-
ically, if not constitutionally, how I can be wrong
in this, if Mr. Wright was correct when he rec-
ommended the same thing. But, ray friend goes
further. Although he says that he thinks the
appropriations for these works ought not to come
in m connection, all in one bill, yet he is unwill-
ing that they shall come in in separate bills,
becauser he says, such separate bills would be
gregarious, they would be social in their habits
and character, and he is fearful, to use his own
expression, they would graze upon his pasture,
or orowse upon his lands. Now, I would like to
ask the gentleman where he leaves himself by
that argument? He would not have them come
together, because unitedly they have a strength
that they would not have separately; he dare not
have them come separately, because in their habits
