•1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
they are gregarious, and they would be Sure to
pasture upon premises that he wishes to preserve
sacred from their encroachments. How, then,
shall they come ? How far shall they be separated r
Shall we have one bill a session, or one a month,
or one a fortnight? or shall we fritter away oar
strength by talking about the propriety of bring-
ing them in separately, or including all the appro-
priations in one bill, until we get no bill at all?
I fear the gentleman's desires lead him in the
precise track f his logic, and both fetch him up
in favor of the last proposition—that of no bill
at all.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (sotto voce.) Sep-
arate them, and bring in only one bill a session,
and then there can be no log-rolling. [A. laugh.]
Mr. HAVEN. My friend from Virginia says
that he likes the veto message that was prepared
for General Washington, because it was a states-
manlike paper, and merely said: " I object to this
bill for such a reason; I object to it for such on-
other reason," and did not undertake to argu^ the
question, or set up his judgment on questions of
expediency, as above that of the representatives,
fresh from the States and their constituency.
Sir, that is all I desire from the President of the
United States now, and I hope that when the
message—which I am now sure will come, because
1 know that when my friend from South Carolina
prophesies he has seen behind the veil—[laugh-
ter]— I hope that when that message does come,
it will be that kind of message which shall be
exaetly square with the statesmanlike opinion of
the gentleman from Virginia; I hope that instead
of running off into irrelevant matters, and over-
laying the subject with words of equivocal mean-
ing, the President will just give us his objections
to the bill, so that we and the country can under-
stand them.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, (interrupting.) The
gentleman from New York, i know unintention-
ally, rather puts me in a false attitude before the
country. There are two clauses of the Constitu-
tion authorizing the President to communicate
with this House. One is that clause which
authorizes him 10 send back a bill with his objec-
tions, and I think that the veto prepared by Mr.
Madison for General Washington is a model for
that description of message. But tnere \<?> another
clause requiring the President to communicate to
Congress, from time to time, in respect to public
questions, and this casecomcs under that category.
The message will come. The gentleman need
five himself no concern upon thatscore. Although
am not behind the scenes—thank God ! I never
was behind the scenes anywhere—1 know that
message will come, and that it will not be a veto
message at all, because when there is a veto mes-
sage, the Constitution requires us imuieduUely to
considerthe bill, and there will beno bill with it.
Mr. HAVEN. I am obliged to my friend from
Virginia for drawing the nice distinction between
the two modes in which the Executive can com-
municate with this House. They are also very
clearly stated in the Constitution. It is true, I
suppose, that the communication which we now
know is to come—for we have it now from a
gentleman who has been behind the veil, as well
as from one who says he has never been there—■
it is true that that message cannot he, in terms, a
veto message. Itn anatomical construction—to
carry out the figure of thegentleman from Virginia,
when he spoke of grazing on his pasture—must
be of another class. It must, therefore, be that
kind of communication which comes from the
Executive, not, perhaps, technically speaking—in
the language of the gentleman from Virginia—-
communicating his views, but which he is author-
ized to make" to Congress, from time to time,
ft giving information on the state of the Union."
That is the language of the Constitution, I believe.
1 am glad to know that we have a place assigned,
beforehand, for this message, which ha3 been,
hitherto, of doubtful birth, but cannot hereafter
give any trouble as to the species to which it
belongs.
I have no desire to attack the message now,
and I have no reason to suppose that I shairhave
a particular desire to do so when it comes. But
to proceed. The gentleman from Virginia, not
because he has any desire to place me in an in-
consistent position here, but for the purpose, per-
haps, of covering up the steps which are made upon
the other side, informs the House and the coun-
try that he deems it singular I should object to
this course by the Executive, because he says,
when the fugitive slave law was passed, the then
Executive of the Union took the opinion of his
Attorney General upon the constitutionally of its
provisions, and placed it upon the files of the
Department of State. Why, my friend mistakes
me altogether, if he understands that I object to
any message from the President on this subject. I
have been asking for the reasons and for the objec-
tions of the President, and I have tried to contrive
some mode to get them. I do not desire to com-
plain, for 1 have been very well treated, person-
ally, by the Executive, and what exertions I have
made in this matter have been made to get at the
reasons of the President, and not for the purpose
of having them withheld. His reasons are all I
am after now.
If the President had taken the opinion of his
Attorney General in this particular case, and put
that opinion upon file, it certainly would be quite
as instructive to the country and to future genera-
tions, and much more serviceable to the House
than it would be to allow his reasons for that veto
to be locked up. in his own breast, and leave the
business interests of the country to wither and
perish in an enure uncertainty as to what they
might depend upon by the Government in the
future.
One might infer from the suggestions of my
friend from Virginia that the Executive has been
constantly laboring, in some way or other, to get
an opportunity to lay before us his reasons for
the veto, and he assures us, substantially, that the
President intends to give them yet, but there
seems a struggle to prevent him. Why, sir, the
very burden of the complaint so far, by those in
favor of these public works, has been, why does
he not give us his reasons—let us have his reasons
and objections, and see if we cannot, by some
proper mode, obviate them.
A word in reference to the complaint made
against me by the gentleman from South Caro-
lina for what took place last August, when the
veto message was sent in and laid upon the table.
The President, it is true, did send m that message
about two o'clock, I think, on ^Friday, the 4:h of
August, although Congress did not adjourn till
the 7th*, and the gentleman asks why it was not
read ? And he answers by saving—referring to
me—that the gentleman from New York was the
man that interposed an objection to its being read.
That is true, sir; and I would have no objection to
the gentleman's reference to that matter if he had
only disclosed the residue of what took place. I
recollect, upon that occasion, that the same gen-
tleman from New York declared to the House that
he had no objection to the reading of the message
without having a quorum present, provided that
he could be allowed to express his views in regard
to it before the final adjournment, so that they
might go before the country at the same tune with
the message. But my friend chose rather to let
the poison remain in that condition, and without
action, than to allow it to go to the country with
any attempted or proper antidote. Suppose the
President had not sent in his message until Mon-
day, would there have been any impropriety in
such a course? Why not have sent it m then,
with the other bills which he sent? Why notcon-
sider it until that time? Why not take Friday,
and Saturday, and a portion of Monday to consult
his Attorney General, like former Presidents, and
sc® if, at that time at least, he could not present to
us and the country his objections to the bill, and
have then made a closed business of it, as the Con-
stitution contemplated he should. The reasons—
if they may be called such which he did send—
were vague, shadowy, and quite indefinite. Let
me rend from the Journal an extractor two, show-
ing them.
"The prominent point of difference between those who
have been regarded as the friends of a system of internal
improvements by the Genet al Government and those ad-
verse to such a system, has been one of constitutional
power, though niorp or less connected with considerations
of expediency. My own judgment, it is well known, has,
on both grounds, been opposed to a ' general system of in-
ternal iinproveaients'by the Federal Government, as well as
from past unsatisfactory experience to render its use ad-
vantageous either to the country at large, or effectual lor
the object contemplated."
It will be noticed that the President's objection
is to a " general system of internal improvements
by the Federal Government." He is, therefore,
either opposed to them altogether in whatever
shape they may «ome, or else he is in favor of a
partial system. There is but one other altern-
ative, and that is to favor them without any sys-
tem at all. It may be he wiUthoose the latter
•mode.
He says further:
" I shall consider it incumbent on me to present to the
present Congress? at its next Congress, a matured view of
the whole subject, and to endeavor to define approximately,
at least, and according to my own convictions, what appro-
priations of this nature by the General Government the
great interests of the United States require, the Constitu-
tion will admit and sanction, w case no substitute should
be devised capable of reconciling the differences both of
constitutionality and expediency.
" In the absence of the requisite means and time for duly
considering the whole subject at present, and discussing
such possible substitute, it becomes necessary to return the
bill to the House of Representatives, in which it originated,
and for reasons thus briefly submitted to the consideration
of Congress, to withhold from it my approval."
That is what the President told us he would
endeavor to give us. One third of this session has
tone by, and we have not yet had these reasons.
do not now desire, and f believe I have never
manifested any desire, to find fault with the Presi-
dent in reference to this matter, but I do desire,
since one third of the session has already expired,
that the House should take some action, at least,
to remind his Excellency that we are watting for
those reasons, so far, at least, as to enable us to
conform our legislation to his views, to the extent
that we can do it with proper self-respect, and
without abandoning our duty to the country at
large, or giving up what we regard as the true
letter and spirit of the Constitution. We want to
know, we desire the country to know his reasons'
for refusing relief to some of the interests of the
country that are now perishing for the want of
attention and aid on the part of the Federal Gov-
ernment, whilst millions can be constitutionally
expended to buy up trackless deserts, and foreign
territory.
Mr. JVIcMULLlN. I dislike exceedingly to
interrupt the gentleman from New York, but! rise
to a question of order. I understood that my
colleague had the floor assigned to him, and I
desire to know if he had the'right to assign it to
the gentleman from New York?
Mr. LETCHER. I did assign it by the gen-
eral consent of the House, as I supposed. That
was my reason for doing it.
Mr. McMULLlN. 1 think it was about time
to get through with this debate. I am getting
tired of it.
Mr. HUNT. Gentlemen upon the other side
of the House have been heard upon this question;
and I think justice should be done to gentlemen
upon this side of the House also.
Mr. HAVEN. I regret that my friend from
Virginia, [Mr. McMullin,] furthest from me, is
so fatigued by this debate; but I hope that during
the three days before we meet again, he will recu-
perate his energies, so that he can go on with the
legislation of the country with all the vigor and
patience which usually characterize him in this
House. The rest of the House all seem to endure
it very well.
I desire to say, while 1 am on the floor, that I
have seen in print suggestions that have been
thrown out, at the other end of tbeCapitol, which
looked to separate bills for appropriations in sep-
arate sections of the country, each bill containing
all the appropriations for a given section. I want
to caution gentlemen against getting up these sec-
tional bills. Other plans have been proposed of
having the States most immediately interested
in these works combine, and by compact provide
for a mode of constructing them. Against all
projects for States getting together and combining
their means and influence for such works, 1 desire
to warn gentlemen who love this Union at heart.
There is nothing more unsafe for the stability and
permanence of the Union, than to induce different
sections or localities of this country to enter into
separate measures for the purpose of taking care
of their own interests, for the avowed reason that
the Union, as a whole, is unfavorable to the in-
terests of their section. Plans for their own relief,
under such circumstances, are never discussed
without engendering bad feelings against other
sections, which refuse them cooperation and aid,
and which have no sympathy with their general
wants.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand, whether or not the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Letcher] insisted upon an enforcement of
