1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
stands, is in consonance with the past legislation
of Congress, it gives to the soldier who performed
the service, if he be living, or if he be dead, to his
"widow, or minor child, or children, one hundred
and sixty acres of land. That is in accordance
with the precedents in the past legislation of Con-
gress. But to strike out that section, and to pro-
pose to give the land, irrespective of age, without
eny qualification upon the subject of necessity, is
not only new, but i submit to the Senate that it is
a very dangerous step in the way of the disposi-
tion of the public lands. For my part, I very
much prefer the section as it now stands in the
bill, and I shall, therefore, vote against the amend-
ment now proposed by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I called the particular at-
tention of the Senate to the amendment to the sec-
ond section, which I proposed as a substitute for
the section which is now in the bill, with a view to
the point made by my friend from Michigan. I
propose to strike out the words t{ minor children,"
which have heretofore been in all the bounty land
laws, and insert children," because the words
"minor children " would be of no use. There
are no such minor children left. The most of
them are ol «gp.
Now, sir, first, in regard to the power of Con-
gress; and secondly, in regard to the expediency
o'f this measure.
My honorable friend from Michigan is mis-
taken in respect to the position assumed by me
at the last session upon the homestead bill. I
opposed that measure, and asserted that it waa
contrary to sound policy and true duty to collect
money from the customs for the purpose of buy-
ing lands to give away. { did not much question
the power of Congress upon that point; but I do
not think that the question of power arises at this
time, and under this section. We have a right to
pay a son or child, whether a minor or aduit, for
the services of his father. In other words, we
have a right to pay a debt due the father, to his
children, whether they are of age or not. That
is my proposition, and I do not think my honor-
able friend from Michigan can successfully con-
trovert it; so that the question of power does not
arise. It seems to me to be just, Mr. President,
to
a
not
only change proposed, and to that my honorable
friend from Michigan has properly called the
attention of the Senate. I wish, also, the partic-
ular attention of the Senate to that point. Iris
easily understood, and need not, F trust, be fur-
ther discussed.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and the Presiding Officer declared that it appeared
to be lost.
Mr. BRODIIEAD. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon it. It is an important question, and 1
hope they will be given.
The yeas and nays were ordered and taken;
and were—yeas 9« nays 25; as follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Brai'ncrd, Brodhrad, Clayton, Evans,
Fish, Foot, Rockwell, lUisk, and Wati^—O.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Atchison. Btmvn, But-
ler, Oass, Oliase, Clay, Oavvnon, of
Dodao or Iowa, Douglap, tJcycr, GHIcttn, Johnson, Jon w
of Iowa. Jones of Tennessee, Norn*, I'ourcu, Sebastian,
Slide!!, Stuatt, Sumner, Touchy, and Woiler—Ho.
So the amendment was rejected.
The next amendment, proposed by Mr. Brop-
head, was m the third section—which, in the bill
as introduced, was, as follows:
"That in r.o case shall any such certificate or warrant
he issued for any service less than twenty-ei^ht ilnjs,
or where the peison shall actually have l een on-raged in
battle, nor unt^s the parly claiming sud) certificate or
warrant shah establish his right thereto by rocord evidence
of said service, or by two credible witnesses."
to Strike out "or," and insert "except," and
strike out " nor," and insert " or taken prisoner
by the enemy and," so a.? to read:
"That in no case shall any Mich ccrtificateor warrant lie
Issued 1 -r any s eruce le=w than twenty-n^lit days, except
where tin5 person sdiall actually have been mg^ed m baftic
or taken primmer by the enemy, and unfertile patty claim-
ing tuch certificate or warrant shall cstabhsn his rijjhl
thereto by record evidence of said service, or by two cred-
ible witnesses."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASS. I shall vote for the bill with great
pleasure, Mr. President. I think it is right; but
I beg to make a suggestion to the honorable
Senator who has introduced it. I am aware that
whatever line you draw, whatever number of days
service you fix as the limitation to the benefits of
the bill, there will be very little difference of merit
between those who approximate to each other, and
injustice may be done to some. If you require
twenty-eight days service, a man who served
twenty-seven days will have almost as much
merit. I am aware, therefore, that wherever the
line is drawn, injustice will occur. But 1 hold in
my hand a letter which states the condition of a
detachmcnt who were ordered to Fort Wayne,
immediately after the difficulty which arose "on
the frontier in 1812, and who remained under the
orders of General Harrison some twenty-one days
in the service. I submit to my honorable friend
whether, in order to benefit those in such a case
as that, the term of service might not be drawn
down to twenty-one days. It is a pretty hard
case, and the men undoubtedly did their duty.
Mr. BRODIIEAD. X have received many
letters, sir, upon the point alluded to by the vener-
able Senator from Michigan. We cannotfixany
limit in time that will not do some injustice to
some people. You can establish no general law
that will not operate unjustly in certain particular
cases. T therefore think that it is best to adhere
to the rule of one month, or twenty-eight days,
which I have adopted. Those who were m service
less than twenty-eight days, and were engaged in
any battle, or were taken prisoners, are provided
for by the bill, and I think that is enough. If we
come down to twenty-one days, we had better
strike out the limit altogether, and there are
decided objections to that. We should lose the
bill 1 fear. At any rate, it would not strike the
whole country with as much favor as 1 hope the
provision as it stands will; and I therefore must
decline to yield to the suggestion of the venerable
Senator ftom Michigan.
Mr. CAS?3. i have no desire to put the bill to
hazard. 1 shall, therefore, not presa the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Atchison
in the chair. If there be no further amendment
the bill will be reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. STUART. Perhaps I ought to state a fact
which was presented to the consideration of the
Committee on Public Lands, by a deputation
which waited upon the committee the other morn-
ing, representing the officers and soldiers intended
to be provided for by this bill.' One class of cases
was stated, which was this: that certain men were
drawn into the service in Maryland, and thesame
thing was said to have been true in other places,
who were called "minute men."
Mr. BRODUEAD. Flotilla men.
Mr. STUART. Perhaps, it was stated, they
did not serve actually three days; but they were
icquiied, by the authorities to hold themselves in
readiness for any moment,and they actually were
taken away from their own affairs for months. In
many cases, there were periods of service, per-
haps, foraday or two, at times considerably dis-
tant from each other. The bill, as it now stands,
would not cover those cases, winch would seem to
be among the most meritorious. Some, it i« true,
were taken prisoners; some were engaged m skitni-
lshes, and would come within the provision of
being in actual engagement; but a large number of
them (suffered in the way of deprivation from busi-
ness and from their families; and their own per-
sonal hardships were much more than those which
were experienced by larsjeclasses, who are covered
by the existing provisions of the bill.
Now, sir, with my distinguished colleague, and
with the honorable Senator who has introduced
the bill, 1 should be unwilling to hazard it; but I
really cannot see how it would hazard it to put it
in the most acceptable form. It is true that you
cannot fix a discriminating line which will not
do marked injustice in certain cases, if you
say twenty-eight days, you exclude a man who
served twenty-seven days with equal merit, with
equal hazard, with equal loss, and, perhaps, in a
given case, and in a given number of cases, with
e\en more menu hazard, and loss. Therefore,
sir, 1 had intended, until it was suggested that it
miiiht hazard the bill, to move to strike out that
i limitation. The first section provides for giving
bounty land to all those who were regularly mus-
tered into the service and paid. That is the
criterion. If a man has been paid as a soldier of
his country, let htm receive the benefits of the
bill, whether he was paid for ten days, or eleven
days, or for twenty-seven or twenty-eight days;
ar.d mark me, Mr. President, I call the attention
of the Senator from Pennsylvania to the fact—
and the experience of every gentleman who has
had anything to do with the procuring of these
land warrants wilf testify to that fact—that the
cases are almost innumerable where the reward
for valuable services to the country is excluded
by a single day. Strike the limitation out then,
sir. It is a bounty; it is a simple donation by
the Government to meritorious individuals, and
let them all have it.
If we are to do anything at all, let us give the
bounty to everybody" who can be entitled to it
under the principle of the bill, and let us end that
question now, for I can assure you, that if Con-
gress at this time shall pass this bill, the next
session will not have gone by before you will be
compelled to obliterate this very restriction. The
injustice will be so glaring and so obvious to the
mind of everybody—that is to say, if the bill
itself is founded in justice—that you will have to
strike out the limitation, and let every man who
was in the service of the country at all" have
bounty land. How does it stand now? Take
the principle of the bill as it stands. The man
who was in the service of the country five years
is to get a hundred and sixty acres of land. The
man who was only twenty-eight days in the ser-
vice is to get a hundred and sixty acres too.
Mr. WELLER. Or if one hour in battle?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir; if he spent but one
hour in battle, as the honorable Senator from
California says, he is to get a hundred and sixty
acres of land.
Mr. BUTLER. And he is entitled to it, too.
Mr. STUART. Therefore, there is no such
thing as equality in the bill as it stands. Let us
strike out nil restriction, and do at once what we
i shall, by and by, be compelled to do—give to
every man, who lias been in the service of the
country, one hundred and sixty acres of land.
Mr. BADGER. Suppose he has been in the
service of the country m Congress?
Mr. STUART. Well, increase his pay.
[Laughter.] My suggestion, therefore, Mr. Pres-
ident, would be to strike out the words, " for any
service less than twenty-eight days, except where
the person shall actually have been engaged in
battle or taken prisoner by the enemy, and," so
that the third section would read:
That in no case ►hall any such certificate or warrant be
issued, unless the party claiming such certificate or war-
rant shall establishing right thereto by record evidence ot"
said service, or by two credible witnct-ses.
I cannot conceive how that would endanger the
bill. Indeed, I must believe, until I hear some-
thing more on the subject, that it would increase
the number of those who would support it.
Mr. BRODE-IEAD. If I entertained thatopinion
I believe I would vote in favor of the amendment
of my friend from Michigan, but I do not believe
it. The bill already covers a very large class of
soldiers. There are very few who entered the
service, in point of fact and in earnest, that did not
serve more than twenty-eight days; so that we had
better be sure; we had better adopt a bill which
will render substantial benefit to those who ren-
dered real and valuable service. That is my answer
to my friend from Michigan. It seems to me
that if we f;ive to all who served under five yeara
and over twenty-eight days, we cover a very large
class of our fellow-citizens;and I think the country
will properly appreciate it.
Mr. FESSE3NDEN. I wish to ask the honor-
able Senator from Pennsylvania whether there is
any particular reason for limiting the provisions
of the bill to those who served the exact number
of days expressed in the bill—twenty-eight days ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. Heretofore the term of one
month—or thirty days—has been included in the
bounty land laws, and there are but twenty-eight
days in one month of the year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not strike me,
Mr. President, that that is a very satisfactory
reason for fixing that time. I will say to the Sen-
atorthat, so far as my individual vote is concerned,
I cannot support the bill as it stands, because I
think it makes an improper distinction; and to
show how unfairly the limitation will operate, I
will state a fact. I know of a company of men who
were mustered into the service of the country, and
actually served for twenty-seven days—just one
