152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®).
January 2,
the provisions of this bill. I am willing to include
the• soldiers of the war of 1812, because they
maintained the honor of our flag, and, in some
measure, entitled themselves and their children, or
at least their widows, to a participation in the
fruits of victory. 1 am in favor of the bill upon
the broad ground that it will distribute to widows,
and not to voters, an equal portion of the land, to
some extent. I sljall vote for it upon that ground,
with the qualification I have stated, so far as
regards a general distribution.
■ Mr. BRODHEAD. I only desire to make one
further remark, and it is, that this bill is a very
food one, unless it be killed by kindness. I
ave not so much objection to the amendment
proposed by the Senator from South Carolina, as
I have to striking out the limitation in regard to
time. If we could restore the twenty-eight-day
provision, and adopt the amendment of the Sena-
tor from South Carolina, 1 believe the bill would
be legs objectionable to the Senate, and more
acceptable to the country. I wish, therefore, to
express the hope that some gentleman will move
a reconsideration of the vote on the amendment
which I proposed as a substitute for the second
section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Atchison
in the chair). A motion to reconsider cannot now
be entertained, as an amendment is pending.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, this is not
with me at all a question whether the proposed
distribution of the public lands is, in itself, most
desirable and proper. According to my view, it
is not. But it is now settled and established, that
neither the public lands, nor the proceeds of the
Bales of the lands, can be distributed among the
States of the Union, either for specific purposes
•pointed out by Congress, or for the general uses
of the States to which those lands or their pro-
ceeds might be given. The country no longer
needs the fund asa meansof revenue. Then, sir,
we have our choice, whether we shall dispose of
the lands in the manner proposed by this bill to
those men, and their representatives, who have
been engaged in the various wars of the country,
or whether they shall pass in homestead bills,
holding out inducements and rewards in the public
property of the country to depopulate the old
States and drain their people into the new States,
or whether the lands shall be disposed of upon
the various processes of speculation, having the
form and appearance of sole by graduation bills,
when the country is to realize no real return.
Now, sir, among the various practicable and
possible modes of application of the public lands,
I decidedly prefer that which this bill offers to us
to any of the others, and, therefore, I shall vote
for the bill. I shall vote for it in the widest range
and extent that it may be made to take. I shall
go with nfy honorable friend from Georgia, to
make it take in the heirs and tepresentativesof the
deceased soldiers, as well as the widows of those
deceased soldiers. But in whatever form it may
be put, wider or narrower, I shall go for it, be-
cause I infinitely prefer this mode of applying the
lands, to any of the other modes which are now
possible and within our reach. Thatis the ground
upon which I sustain the bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will simply say, in reply to
the Senator from North Carolina, that 1 will not
assume that the Senate intends to throw away the
public property, and, therefore, I do not think it
a fair comparison to present, as the only alterna-
tive, the systems which the Senator has laid be-
fore us. If the systems of which he speaks were
presented to me, I might possibly accept, the one
which he does in preference to the others. But 1
will not act upon the presumption that the Senate
and House of Representatives of the United States,
representing the American people, must necessa-
rily squander the public money in one of the ways
he has mentioned—all objectionable I will not
agree to adopt one, lest a more objectionable form
should be adopted by the legislative body. 1 as-
sume that there is, character enough, integrity'
enough, and patriotism enough in this Govern-
ment to preserve the public property for public
uses. I assume that it is not the intention of this
Government to give it away in this partial form.
I am not prepared to say that it would be a very
bad system to divide the whole public domain
among American citizens—among about ten mil-
lions of men in this country, descended from
the men of the Revolution. Of all the modes, I
should prefer that, if we were going to throw
away the domain. That is just. That rests on
some sound principle. It is on the principle that
it belongs to all the people, but especially to the
people who won it, and their descendants. Hence,
if you admit that you are incapable of exercising
this trust, that you are incapable of using it as a
public fund to relieve the people from public bur-
dens, and that you must squander it in some
bad and reckless mode, you might adopt the plan
which I propose, or the one which the Senator
from North Carolina proposes. But I seek, sir,
only to do my duty; and I intend to vote against
all improper modes of disposing of the public
property.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania if he has any estimate of the quan-
tity of land which will be required to meet the
provisions of thia bill, if it should become a law?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have not. I take it for
granted, however, that, whether the quantity of
land be more or less, makes no difference, if the
proposed measure is just in itself.
Mr. CLAY. As I understand the bill at this
time, it proposes to give one hundred and sixty
acres to every man who was called out and mus-
tered into service in any war of the United States.
This seems to me to be going very far, and I
should like to ascertain how much land will be
required for the purpose. With this view I move,
if it be in order, to refer the bill to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. RUSK. If the Senator will allow the vole
first to be taken on the pending amendment, his
motion will be then more appropriate.
Mr. CLAY. Very well, I will Wait until the
amendment is disposed of.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, I wish to say
a word or two in reply to the honorable Senator
from Georgia. If the principle of this bill were
that of giving away, or squandering the public
lands, I certainly should be bound to go against
it. 1 do not entertain any doubt that it is competent
for this Government to make an additional grant
of money, or of lands, as a compensation for a
past service under the Government. That is a
principle which has been long adopted, and which
I had supposed was universally acquiesced in. In
the present case it is proposed to give one hundred
and sixty acres of the public lands to the widows
of revolutionary soldiers, where the soldiers
themselves have not already received that amount.
Can any man doubt the power of this Govern-
ment to do that ? There is but a handful of them.
The amount called for will be but a pittance. It
is proposed, further, to make a similar grant to
the soldiers who were engaged in the war of 1812.
Forty years have passed away since that war, and
the number of its soldiers remaining now upon
the stage of action can be but few. Thirty-three
yeais are estimated as the average of a generation.
If there be now any soldiers surviving, or widows
of soldiers surviving, or minor children of such
soldiers, it is proposed to make this grant where
they have not already received it. I do not enter-
tain any doubt of the competency of this Govern-
ment to do that. We can make a compensation
after the service has been performed, beyond that
which we stipulated in advance of the service. It
is upon that ground that the power is exercised.
It is exercised, too, upon the general principle of
encouraging men to embark in our service when
the country is involved in %var. In that point of
view it is a matter of public policy, and it is wise
and sound policy. I confess that I am somewhat
surprised that my honorable friend from Georgia
should make an exception to the granting of an
additional compensation for past services, where
the grant is on the ground of those services. I
know of no more limitation upon the power of
this Government to make a grant for past services,
than to make a grant for future services. We are
not bound to stipulate the amount in advance; or,
if we do stipulate the amount in advance, we un-
doubtedly have power, I think, to make a further
grant, if we deem it just and reasonable, and con-
ducive to the public interest to do so.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I agree with
the Senator from Connecticut, that nothing i3
clearer than our constitutional competency to make
additional compensation for past services.
Mr. CASS. Whether civil or military?
Mr. BADGER. Whether civil or military, as
my friend from Michigan suggests, but especially
and particularly for past civil services, because
they are civil services. Mr. President, when I
spoke of the alternatives-left to us in regard to the
disposition of the public lands, I did not proceed
upon any presumptions about what Congress
would do with them. I think it is not presuming
that the lands will be disposed of for wasteful and
improper objects, to assume, as I did, that we
had only certain alternatives left. The past history
and the present state of the legislation, and of the
proposed legislation of Congress, in regard to the
public lands, demonstrates, I think, that we have
nothing left but the alternatives which I mentioned;
At the same time, however, it does not follow,
that by saying that, I impute to gentlemen who
vote for those projects the disposition of them to
what they suppose to be wasteful and improvident
objects. They may think them very wise and
good. I think them wasteful and improvident;
and believing that we are reduced to choose be-
tween these three or four methods of applying
the public lands, I go for giving them to merito-
rious people, and meritorious classes of people,
who, or whose progenitors have heretofore served
the country. On that subject I agree entirely with
my friend from South Carolina. I should regret
exceedingly to see the lands disposed of in hold-
ing out inducements,'and offering bribes to the
inhabitants of the old States, of South Carolina,
and North Carolina, and the other Atlantic States,
to quit the country of their forefathers, and trans-
fer themselves to the West. I shall, therefore,
go cheerfully for this bill in the widest range.
After the pending amendment shall have been
disposed of, if my friend from Georgia will sug-
gest the one which he proposes, I shall go for it
with great pleasure, or if he will draw it up for
me, I will propose it myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
amendment is to strike out the words " since
1790" in the following clause: " In any of the
wars in which this country has been engaged
since 1790."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TOUCEY. I perceive that it is necessary
to move a further amendment in the first section,
so as to conform to the one which has just been
adopted. I move, therefore, to strike out the
words " subsequent to the 18th day of June,
1812."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I propose the following as an
additional section to the bill:
Sec. Jlntl be it further enacted, That no warrant
issued under Die provisions of tins act, shall be located on
any public lauds, except such as shall, at the time, be sub-
ject to sale at the minimum or iovver graduated price.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY. I now renew my motion to refer
the bill to the Committee on Public Lands.
"Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope that motion will
not be agreed to. This bill has been before the
Senate tor a long time, and is very well under-
stood. Besides, 1 fear, from the experience of the
i past, that if it gets into the hands of the Committee
i on Public Lands, we shall never hear of it again.
! For the last three years I have had the bill before
, that committee, and they never reported it back,
j It is true that the committee as organized at he
! opening of this session is somewhat different from
what it was before. I cast no reflections or im-
putations 011 the committee. I take it for granted
that they had other business to attend to.
Mr. BADGER. Railroad projects.
Mr. BRODBE1D. I do not know whether
they were railroad or other projects, but we know
there is a s;reat deal of business before the Com-
mitteeon PublicLands,and weareall over-worked
here. Sir, I think we can understand the provis-
ions of the bill without referring it to that com-
mittee. At one time, in order to have it consid-
ered by a standing committee of the body, I
moved the reference of the bill to the Committee
on Military A£Fciirs, in view of the fact, that the
chairman of that committee [Mr. Shields] was
himself a distinguished and gallant soldier, and
would take it into consideration; but he reported
it back, and asked that it should be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, considering that as
the committee which should properly have juris-
diction. For these reasons, as we now under-
stand the bill, I hope it will not be referred. Why
