THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2,
grants, and other reserved sections. The object
of the amendment is to confine the selection of war-
rants to such lands as are subject to entry at the
minimum price, or the lower graduated price, so
as to give the holders the option of taking land
subject to entry at ten shillings an acre, a dollar,
or any other price.
The amendment was concuried in.
Mr. BRODHEA.D. 1 now renew the amend-
ment which I offered when the Senate was actingas
in Committee of the Whole, as a substitute for the
second section. As the Senate have stricken out
the limitation in the third section, I hope they will
adopt this amendment, the effect of which is prin-
cipally to strike out "miuor child," and insert
"children."
Mr. TOOMBS." I will ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania whether his object' will not be ac-
complished by simply striking out the word
" minor " where it occurs in the second section.'
Mr. B ROD 11E AD. It would to a great extent;
but I propose to insert " father " and " mother "
also; hence, my object would not be entirely at-
tained by the Senator's suggestion. There are
' other details in the section which make it better
to adopt the substitute which I propose. My
amendment is to strike out the present second
section of the bill, and m lieu thereof, insert the
following;
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enarled, That in ease of the
deaih of any person entitled to a frrtillentt; or warrant
under the provisions of the foregoing tecuon, such cernti-
cate or wan ant shall lie is«uod in favor of, and mine to
the benefit of his family, according to the following rules:
First, to his widow; second, his children ; third, hi-, father;
fourth, his mother: Prowled, however, Tii.'i no pci^ou
wiio has perpviraled, 01 attempted to perpetrate, a fraud
upon the United State* under any iaw, shall he entitled to
the benefit of any provisions of thn act: Pr-vided further,
That a ••■ub-eiiuent marriage shall not impair the right ol
any Mich widow to such warrant, if she be a widow at the
time of her making her application.
Mr. WELLER. I should like to have the
Senator from Pennsylvania explain to me what
he means by the word "attempted," in the last
branch of the amendment. 1 can very readily
conceive why a man, who has perpetrated a fraud
on the Government, should be excluded from the
benefits of the law. But that is a judicial question,
and 1 should require that he should be rcgulaily
convicted of that fiaud before being deprived of
any of the privileges conferred by the bill. The
Senator from Pennsylvania goes a step beyond
that, am! says that a mail shall be excluded if he
has attempted to perpetrate a fraud. Who is to
decide that question ? Is it to be left to the Pen-
sion Office to decide, when titfmn makes an appli-
cation there for bounty lands, whether he Into ever
attempted to perpetrate some fraud on some De-
partment of the Government? 1 think that is a
very objectionable provision. I therefore ask the
Senator to strike it out, and e,online the exclusion
to tliode who have really perpetiated frauds on the
Government.
Mr. BI'ODHEAD. I modify my amendment
by striking out the words " or attempted to per-
petrate," in conformity withihe suggestion of the
Senator from California.
Mr. TOOMBS. I propose to amend the sec-
ond section befoie the question is taken on striking
it out. 1 propose to strikeoutthe woid "minor,"
where it occurs in that section before the word
" child." This is a motion which will take pre-
cedence of that of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BADGER. I hope that amendment will
be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question is now on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, as a substitute for the second sec-
tion.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the Senate will not
adopt that amendment. We have now got the
section in a good form, atid 1 do not see that my
friend from Pennsylvania will make it any better
by striking it oat, and putting in his substitute.
Let us hold on to it as it is.
The amendment was rejected.
Tne PRESIDENT. The question now is on
ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third read-
ing.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I believe that
in the condition in which this bill stands, I shall
vote against it. I do not wish to renew the ob-
jections which ! made when we were acting as m
Committee of the Whole; but I think there is
such a palpable objection to such a departure from
anything that has been done before, as to give
lands to the children of individuals who have
served the country without respect to age, that I
shall vote against it. It may give rise to a class
of cases which, 1 am told, are somewhat numer-
ous; perhaps there is one in the Senate now,
where a distinguished individual has received
land for services in the war with Mexico, and under
this bill will be entitled to receive land in company
with a minor brother. The effect of the bill, as
it stands, is to divide between the full grown man
and the minor child, the donation of one hundred
and sixty acres of land for the services of the
father, if there be such a case.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to remind him that when the law was
passed giving bounty lands to the officers and
soldiers engaged in the war with Mexico, those
who were then members of Congress were ex-
cluded from its benefits. I do not believe any
member of the Senate or of the House ever received
any benefit from that law.
Mr. STUART. I think there are individuals
now here who were not here then, to whom that
exclusion did not apply. Whether I be right in
that or not, however, does not affect the principle.
I say, take a case where land is donated for the
services of a deceased soldier, and there are two
children, one of whom is forty years old, and the
other eight, if you please, or one twenty-five and
the other eight. The one twenty-five years old
divides the bounty land with the child eight years
of a-je, under this bill.
Mr. WELLER. I suppose the Senator from
Michigan alludes to my case, and 1 will therefore
explain it. I obtained a grant of one hundred and
sixty aci es of land myself, for my military service
during the Mexican war. My father was a com-
missioned officer in the war of 1812, and served
under my distinguished friend from Michigan,
[Mr. Cass.) I have a half-brother who is only
thirteen years old; as a matter of course, there-
fore, under the provisions of this bill, as it now
stands, the land to be granted for my father's ser-
vices will be divided between that half-brother and
myself, for it does not go exclusively to the minor
clnldien.
Mr. STUART. 1 said before, sir, thatit might
well be presumed that if the children were minor
children, they were proper objects for the donation
of this land by the Government. In regard to
the widow also, that is a fair presumption, though,
perhaps, a very liberal one. But, tir, there is no
presumption that a man who is forty years old has
need of the bounty of this Governmental all. It
is a simple question of a gift. Gentlemen may
seek to shape it as they may ; but it is only a ques-
[ tion of giving away the public lands. 1 am in
, favor of that course with certain restrictions; and
{ 1 beg leave to s'ate to the Senate, at this time, my
i reasons for that.
j 1 am in favor of the earliest possible settlement
J of the public lands. The very worst condition of
things for the land States, is that the United States
shall remain the proprietor of lands within their
borders. The next in order of objectionable con-
ditions of things, is that the lands shall go into the
hands of speculators in large quantities. The best
possible condition of things is, that they shall be
in the hands of actual settlers. Well, now, sir,
what is the effcctof this bill r It is not to provide
one actual settler ill a thousand of those who re-
ceive the donation. All the bounties received by
widows will, of course, pass into the hands of
speculators, at whatever may be the market price.
All those received by old men now hving in one
of the old States, will pass to speculators by the
same law of trade.
I It is proposed by the amendment, which has
S been adopted, striking out '' minor,'1 to increase
j that evil, to throw a still larger amount of these
| certificates into the hands of speculators, by giving
| the lands to those who are thirty, or forty, or
fifty years old. It is a donation without any re-
| gard to necessity. If it were said that some rule
i should be established, by which it should be shown
j that a full grown man was poor, and m a condi-
I tion wheie the Government might properly donate
I land to him, for the past services of his ancestor,
I 1 should not object to it; but the moment you go
beyond widows and minor children, you not only
do away with all presumption of necessity, but
you strike a blow at once sgainst the interests of
the land States, by increasing the amount of this
scrip that is to be issued, throwing it into the
hands of speculators, and thereby absorbing enor-
mous amounts of the public lands, to be held for
merely speculative purposes. As an individual
resident of a land State, I consider that such a
policy so strikes at one of the most vital interests
of my State, that, much as 1 should like to vote
for the proper provisions of this bill, and cheer-
fully as I should vote for it, if it were confined to
widows and minors, where there is an equivalent
for any injury that may grow up, in the present
condition of things, I shall be compelled to vote
against it.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I really do not
see the force of the objection urged by the honor-
able Senator from Michigan, in either aspect of
this case. With my friend from Connecticut, I
consider that we are making a voluntary additional
compensation for past services. Upon what prin-
ciple, sir, do you direct this compensation, in the
event of the death of the man who rendered the
service, to be given to anybody else? Why do
you give it to his children in preference to any-
body else in the world? It is upon the ground
that he being gone, we select the supposed ob-
jects of his affection, and put them in his place.
That is the whole affair. " Now, 1 should be glad
to know why, in disposing of this fund upon this
principle to the representatives of a man who has
rendered you service in time of war, you should
say that one of his eons, who is more than twenty-
one years old, is less entitled to be considered as
the representative of his affections than a child
who is under twenty-one ? Why, if one child be
twenty years and eleven months old, should he be
considered as entitled to share in this additional
compensation for the past services of his father,
and another who is twenty-one years old and a
month over, be excluded from receiving this
bounty? I cannot understand it.
It seems to me that the moment you assume the
principle on which this bill is founded; you do—
what? You suppose, for the occasion, that this
quantity of land was the land of the ancestor—the
soldier who served you; and he being gone, what
do you do with it? You give it to those who,
after his death, if he had left land of his own,
would have taken it; or, as my friend from Illinois,
who sits beside me, [Mr. Shields,] suggests,
(which brings it specifically to this case,) you do
with it, in regard to his descendants, just as the
law of the country would have done, if you had
given it to him before he died; that is, you give it
to his children.
Then, in the next place, the Senator from
Michigan says there can be no presumption that
a man, who is thirty or forty years of age, needs
this assistance. Wow, in the view I have taken
of this subject, and in the frame of this bill, it is
not founded upon the supposition that the children,
in any case, need what is given them, for nothing
is said of their necessities. It is founded on this:
The ancestor rendered service; we desire to make
an additional compensation for the service thus
rendered, to manifest our sense of it. He is no
longer here to receive that manifestation person-
ally, and we give it to those who represent him—
those who sprung from his own loins, the objects
of his tenderest affection—to whom, when he
died, the estate which he left went, and to whom
this, also, on the principle of the bill, ought to go.
But then, sir, if we suppose that any idea of
necessity is concerned, permit, me to say that my
friend from Michigan is entirely mistaken. I
could find him a great many men of thirty or forty
years of age, who stand in need of help, who
stand in need of help from the Government, and
who not only have the claim, (if they are the chil-
dren of deceased soldiers who rendered services,)
that the minor childien have, but they have it in
a more eminent degree; because it has so hap-
pened that the middle and active age of life has
passed away with them without their being able
to achieve an independence, and nothing is l(?'t
for them in the future but a condition of depend-
ence or penury; whereas the young man just
entering into life, though he may have nothing,
has all the chances before him of the successful
prosecution of some enterprise by which, by the
time he reaches forty, he may be enabled, mo far
as pecuniary consideiations aieconcerned, to turn
with indifference to the bounty you propose to
bestow.
