158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2,
Mr. SHIELDS. If we ever hare a war itwill
not be such wars as we have had; but one on
that extensive scale which is now going on in the
Crimea. Armies may come here to attack us,
but we shall never again have any wars in the
interior of our country. As I before remarked,
no Senator here is more anxious to do justice to
these men and their descendants than I am. I do
not believe that many of my relatives will be ben-
efited by. the bill, in any shape, and, therefore, I
have no personal interest in it. I see going on now,
sir, in another part of the globe, a conflict which
is likely to convulse the whole world. What as-
tonishes me in that conflict is, that a little handful
of French and English, a comparatively small
number of brave men, could maintain themselves
in one corner of a great empire, containing some
seventy millions of inhabitants, and imagine for
a moment that they could take up their winter
quarters there. Such an experiment will never
be tried here, although we cannot number more
than twenty-five millions of people. Why? De-
cause you have been liberal to your soldiers, and
this bill and other bilU like it, show that America
never forgets the bravery and gallant conduct of
her sons.
But, sir, I will not go into such questions. I
am in favor of the bill of the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania, and I am gratified that he is
pressing it as he is; but I confess I should like
to know, before finally acting on it, what is the
probable quantity of land which will be required
under it. I have no idea of the number of per-
sons who will be entitled to land under the bill.
J f it be limited to those who served more than
twenty-eight days, I should like to know how
many millions of acres would be required to satisfy
their claims? I think tins is a pointon which we
should have full information before final action.
The bill, asamended, was ordered to be printed,
and then, on motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 2, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Whxtam IT. Milburu.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting the annual statement, prepared by
the Register of the Treasury, of the receipts and
expenditures of the marine hospitals, founded for
the relief of sick and disabled seamen in the ports
of the United States, for the fiscal year ending
30th June, 1854; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Interior, transmitting a statement showing the
balance of appropriations standing on the books
of his office to the credit of the Department, for
the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1854; which
was likewise laid upon the table, and ordered to
beprinted.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of a bill "to amend
an act approved August 4, 1854, entitled 'An act
to reduce and graduate the price of the public
lands to actual settlers and cultivators.' "
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR SYSTEM.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana, by unanimous
consent, reported back, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, with certain modifications, a bill
"to remodel the diplomatic and consular system
of the United States."
Said bill was ordered to be printed, as modified,
and its further consideration was postponed until
Tuesday next.
FOREIGN PAUPERS.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. The
Committee on Commerce, to whom was referred
a resolution, directing them to inquire into the
expediency of legislative enactment to prevent the
immigration of blind, insane, or disabled persons,
have directed me to report a bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I prefer that the commit-
tees should be called regularly for reports.
Mr. COBB. What does the gentleman from
Massachusetts propose to do with his bill?
Mr. WENTWORTH. I intend to move that
it be printed, and its consideration postponed until
this day two weeks.
Mr. COBB. 1 have no objection to that.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the Chair if the morning hour has commenced?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. JONES. Well, I wish to inquire further,
what will be the effect of reporting bills now
during the morning hour, and postponing their
consideration, some for one week and some for
two weeks? Will they not all come up during the
morning hour; and will it not get us into inextri-
cable confusion?
TheSPEAKER. They will come up duringthe
morning hour on the days to which they are post-
poned, arid will take precedence of all other reports
from committees during the morning hour of those
days.
Mr. JONES. And from day to day until dis-
posed of.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. Then I object to this re-
port.
MAIL CONTRACT IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. LATHAM, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Post Office Department be requested
to transmit to (lie House of Representatives a copy of the
contract made hy the Department, in the year 1853, with
Messrs. Uamscy & Carmick, for the transportation of the
Uluted States mails between Vera Cruz, in Mexico, and £an
Diego, Monterey, arid San Francisco, m California, along
with nil the correspondence relative io the >atm:; and also
relative to tile changeof schedule of the days tor ihe arrival
and departure of the United States mail steamers to and
from Vera Cruz on the hne to New Orleans.
SOLDIERS OF THE WAR OP 1812.
Mr. STRAUB I ask the unanimous consent
of the Mouse to offer the following preamble and
resolution:
Wherras, the surviving officers and soldiers of the late
war with Great Britain contemplate holding a convention
in the city of Washington, on the 8th day of January,
instant: Therefore —
Resolved, That out of respect, the use of the Ilall of the
House of Representatives be tendered them liy the Speaker
ror that purpose.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand from
the newspapers that the convention have already
procured a room in the city. They will meet in
the day time, and if we allow them the use of this
Hall, we shall have to adjourn over to make room
for them.
Mr. STRAUB. Well, it will only be for one
day.
Mr. JONES. We have but a few days left, in
which to transact the necessary business.
A Member. Besides, that convention will be
in session for several days.
Mr. STRAUB. Well, suppose it is in session
for four or five days.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
the gentleman from Tennessee as objecting to the
introduction of the resolution ?
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir.
Mr. STRAUB. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
resolution cannot be received.
Mr. COBB. The morning hour is passing
away, and there is an important measure—the
bill to graduate and reduce the price of public
lands to actual settlers — in order before the
House. The consideration of the amendments
to this bill was postponed till this morning, in
order that the bill, with all the amendments,
might be printed, and laid upon the tables of
members.
Mr. STRAUB. I was under the impression
that I had the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
i sylvania cannot be entitled to the floor, as objec-
tion having been made to his proposition, it can-
not be received by the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will not object
to the introduction of the resolution, if a majority
of the House are disposed to vote for it.
Mr. ORR. 1 shall object to the introduction
of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
resolution cannot be received.
Mr. STRAUB. I would inquire whether a
motion to suspend the rules cannot at any time be
made ?
The SPEAKER. Except on Monday, such a
motion is not in order under the rules of the
House.
Mr. COBB. I will now finish the remarks
which I commenced making a few minutes since.
I will suggest to the members of the House that,
if they will send to the Doorkeeper, they can be
furnished a copy of the bill with the amendments
offered to it. I trust that the House will vote
upon it, and for it, too, as soon as they become
perfectly satisfied that it is correct. I have a part
of my hour left, but have no disposition to
further discuss the merits of the measure now
before us for consideration. The amendment
reported by the committee is, I think, so plain,
that every gentleman who gives itan examination,
will readily and cheerfully vote for it. I hope
that we will finish the discussion, and come to a
vote upon the bill during the morning hour.
It is said by the newspaper press of the country,
that great frauds have been perpetrated under Ihe
law of the last session. If such frauds have been
perpetrated, it is our duty as soon as possible to
put an end to them. For my part, I have not been
able to discover in what the frauds consist, for the
Government gets as much from one person as
another for the land disposed of. The only differ-
ence is, that the frauds, if any, are committed upon
the actual settlers by the speculators—that is, they
obtain an undue advantage over them. This is a
matter, however, for the House to determine. I
trust that they will act speedily upon theproposi-
tion now before them, and pass the amendmenj
reported by the committee. The House must be
ready to vote upon it. The friends of the gradu-
ation bill desire a speedy vote. Its opponents,
who are clamoring about the frauds perpetrated
under the law, must of course desire immediate
action upon the preventive measures. As the
friends and opponents of the bill seem to desire it,
why cannot we have a vote this morning? I will
now yield the floor to any gentleman who may
desire to speak upon this question.
Mr. DO WDELL. Is the second section of the
amendment amendable ?
The SPEAKER. It is now open to amend-
ment.
Mr. COBB. I now call for the reading of the
amendment reported in the nature of a substitute.
It proposes to strike out all after the enacting
clause, and insert what will be read by the Clerk.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
Thattheactapproved4th August, 1854, " to graduate and
red nee the piice of the public lands to-actual settlers and cul-
tivators," shall be so construed that the affidavits required
by ihe third section of that act may be made before any offi-
cer duly authonzed by law to administer oaths, according to
such forms and pursuant lo such regulations as shall be
prescribed by the Secretary of ihe Interior; and that por-
tion ot said act that has b< en constiued as requiring that
lands entered or applied for the use of an adjoining
farm or plantation, shall form a compact body with such
faim or plantation, shall hereafier be construed as applica-
ble to any lands in the neighborhood ot such farm or plant-
ation, say not to exceed lour miles distance ; and the por-
tion of said law that has been construed as authorizing
the entry of lands under said graduating act, on filing a
declaration of intention to enter lands for the use of the
applicant, and for the purpose of settlement and cultiva-
tion, shall hereafter be. considered as authorizing an entry
in such cases, only on proor of actual settlement and im-
provement by the party making such application, under
such rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the
Seeietary of the Inteiior for that purpose, and the oath of
ihe applicants that it is ftr their own use, and not in trust
for another.
[A message in writing, from the President of
the United States, was here received by the hands
of Sidney Webster, Esq., his Private Secre-
tary.]
Mr. DOWDELL. In the twenty-third line,
second page, after the word "application,"I pro-
pose to insert the following:
In accordance with the provisions of the preemption
act of 1841, except as to notice and—
So that portion of the section will read, as fol-
lows:
"And the portion of said law that has been construed
as authorizing the entry of lands under said graduating act,
on hhng a declaration of intention to enter lands for the
use of the applicant, and for the purpose of settlement and
cultivation, bhiill hereafter be considered as authorizing an
entry m such eases, only on proof of actual settlement and
improvement by the party making such application, in
accordance with the provisions of the p'eemption act of
1811, cxcept a? to notice, and under such rules? and regula-
tions as may be prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior
for that purpose, and the oath of the applicants that it is
for their own use, and not in trust for another."
My object in offering this amendment is to
