160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2.
lands of the United States adjoining them," That
would be a fair and legitimate heading for this bill,
indicating precisely what its contents are. I cannot
conceive any possible reason why a man who
already owns land should be entitled to the public
land adjoining him, more than another man who
owns no land at all. The effect of this bill will
be to give all the chances of benefit to the men
who already own land, and place all the chances
against those who own none. I think, however,
that .the amendment of the gentleman from Ala-
bama, over the way, [Mr. Dowdell,] by bring-
ing the matter under the operation of the preemp-
tion laws, will do away with some of the injus-
tice which the bill contains, and I shall, therefore,
vote for his amendment.
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman from New York
thinks my bill contains injustice, I should be glad
to have him point it out.
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
question of order. I desire to ask the Chair if
the yeas and nays have not been ordered upon
the adoption of the amendment of the gentleman
from Alabama ?
The SPEAKER. They have been ordered.
Mr. RITCHIE. I submit, then, that no further
debate is in order.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays not
having been called, debate may go on precisely as
if the yeas and nays had not been ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think my friend from
Ohio [Mr. Disney] is mistaken as to the effect
of the amendment of my colleague, [Mr. Dow-
dell.] If he will examine it, 1 think he will find
that it is confined in its operation to a single class
j of persons, who are benefited under the gradua-
tion law of the last session. He proposes to apply
the machinery of the preemption law of 1841 to
the very class of persons who will desire to ob-
tain land for actual settlement and cultivation.
But-the provision of the bill to which the gentle-
man from Virginia has presented his objections,
is another matter altogether, and thifamendment
of my colleague does not apply to it at all.
One of the provisions of the law of 1854 per-
mits any person who owns no land at all, to enter
three hundred and twenty acres of land upon con-
dition that he will go and settle upon it. Then
there is another provision, and the one to which
the gentleman from Virginia particularly alluded,
which the amendment of my colleague [Mr. Dow-
dell] does not touch at all, but which provides
that any person owning land—I do not care
whether it is one acre or a thousand acres—may
enter three hundred and twenty acres adjoining
his own land. This is the provision to which the
gentleman from Virginia objected, and this, I say,
the amendment of the gentleman from Alabama
leaves untouched. But, sir, in requiring the poor
man, who desires to enter a tract of land for his
own settlement and cultivation, to conform to the
preemption law of 1841, you are only throwing
additional difficulties between him and the entry
of his home. ,
Under the law of 1854, any person who desires
to enter land for settlement and cultivation, may
enter three hundred and twenty acres at the
graduated prices, provided that he makes the
' necessary affidavits. To this provision my col-
league proposes, in his amendment, to apply all the
machinery and tyranny of the preemption law of
1841, making it necessary for the individual, who
desires to provide himself a home, to go back and
comply with all the requirements of that law,
while the person who desires to enter land adjoin-
ing his farm or plantation, when he already pos-
sesses one, may do so without complying with any
such requirements. That I understand to be the
effect of the amendment of my colleague upon my
left, [Mr. Dowdell ]
Mr. DOWDELL. T will state to the gentle-
man that, under the act of 1854, any person may
enter land at the graduated prices; but under that
of 1841, persons entitled to the benefit of that act
are confined to the head of the family, the widow,
and the single man over twenty-one years of age,
v„ho is now a citizen of the United States, or who
has declared his intention to become such. That is
the requirement of the act of 1841; but under that
of 1854, any pei.son, black or white, native or for-
eigner, of whatever sort, may enter three hundred
and twenty acres of the public iands, and never
declare his intention to become a citizen of the
United States at all.
Mr. HOUSTON'. The gentleman now shifts
his point to another branch of the subject entirely.
What I desired to show was, that his amendment
would not reach the objections made by the gen-
tleman from Virginia^ [Mr. McMullin,] and the
gentleman yields to my construction of his amend-
ment by his silence upon the subject. L therefore
repeat, that his amendment does not touch the
case presented by the gentleman from Virginia at
all.
Now, let me ask my colleague [Mr. Dowdell]
one question. Has not the law of 1841 received
the careful construction of the Interior Depart-
ment, and has not that construction been to con-
fine the entries under the law to white persons
and to citizens, or those who have declared their
intentions of becoming such?
Mr. DOWDELL. That is the construction of
the Land Office.
Mr. HOUSTON. My colleague says that con-
struction has been given by the Land Office.
Well, sir, I know that such is the construction,
and that such was the intention of the law; and
whether it has been made by the Secretary of the
Interior, or by the Land Office, is the same thing.
If such a construction is made now, it accom-
plishes the same thing as the amendment of my
colleague, so far as the class of persons who are
to be benefited by the law is concerned. Then
why should we encumber this bill with all this
extraneous matter ? Why should we embarrass
and delay thjs bill, which, in my judgment, should
be passed at once ? If the amendment of my col-
league subserves no other purpose but to throw
difficulties in the way of the actual settlers upon
the public lands, I ask, why should we place it
upon a bill of this sort, which, at least, in some
of its parts, has merit in it, and is eminently de-
manded by the public interest, and by those who
desire to secure to themselves a home upon the
public domain ?
Sir, while we are here delaying this matter, there
are many persons in the land States who are un-
able to get to a land office, and who are excluded
from the benefits of the graduation bill. Why not
pass this bill at once, and allow these poor men to
secure their homes? I know many cases in my
own part of the country, where men live'twenty,
thirty, or forty miles from a land office; and when
they have traveled that distance to secure their
homes, they will find that, probably, a hundred
applications have preceded them, and they are
compelled to remain until they have expended five
times the value of their land when they get it.
Mr. DOWDELL. My colleague, who has just
taken his seat, inquired whether the Department
had not put a construction upon the act of 184r?
I answer, that a construction has been placed upon
that law, but I am not aware that any construc-
tion has been placed upon the act of 1854, that
avoids the necessity of my amendment. Indeed,
I have good reason to believe that no such con-
struction has been made, for the Commissioner
of the Land Office, in his report, which I have
before nie, says that the law is extremely intri-
cate, and that he desires amendments that will
obviate ail difficulty in its construction.
Mr. COBB. And let me state to my colleague,
that the very amendment which the committee
propose, was drawn up by the Commissioner of
the Land Office in lieu of the one which I intro-
duced early m the session.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am aware of the construc-
tion which has been given by the Land Office to the
law of 1841; but the law of 1841 was a preemption
law, and no't a law for any other purpose at all;
it was one legislating in favor of actual settlers
upon the public lands, and nothing else. The law
that my colleague proposes to amend, is the grad-
uation act of 1854, and it does not reach the case
that is pointed out, where a man owning land has
been allowed, under existing law, to enter more.
Now, let me stEte why 1 think we ought to act
upon this bill, and act upon it promptly. As 1
said before, there are a great many persons who
are really unable to get to the land offices. They
are at a great distance from them. I know as
many as u dozen widows in my own district who
want to enter only forty acres of land-—they have
no money to buy more—but by this rigid con-
struction of the act of 1854, they are as effectually
excluded as if that bill had never been passed. In
the first place, they have not got money enough to
travel to the land offices and then pay for their
land. In the next place, if they had money
enough, many persons, both male and female,
have not the physical ability to travel to the land
offices for the purpose of securing their homes.
If there are objectionable sections in this bill,
let us strike them out;but,at least,let us authorize
such persons as I have referred to, to make their
affidavits at home, and send those affidavits, with
the money, to the land offices and secure their
homes. That cannot be objectionable. Let us
not encumber this bill with extraneous matter.
If there aie sections in it which ought not to pass,
let us, as I suggested to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] the other day, in the name
of common justice and humanity, strike them
out, and pass those portions of the bill which are
so eminently demanded, alike by the interests of
the-Government as by those of individual citizens.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 desire to ask the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] a question. If I
understood him, he asserted, a moment ago, that
the Commissioner of the Land Office had drawn
up this amendment now before the House. I
would ask him, in justice to that officer, to state
whether this amendment contains all that was
drawn up and recommended by him.
Mr. COBB. Every word, I believe, except
that he used the words "neighboring farms,"
and, under the instruction of the committee, I
inserted the words " not to exceed four miles,"
because we conceived that the word " neighbor-
ing" might be construed to include farms fifty
miles distant, in some portions of the Union.
Mr. HAMILTON. Mr. Speaker, this is a
very important bill, and one that well' deserves
consideration at our hands. Its importance has
been impressed upon us by the honorable member
from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] who has called
upon us to strike out the objectionable provisions,
and pass the bill at once. I have no objection
whatever to retain the provision particularly
alluded to by this gentleman, so as to extend to
the class he has mentioned in his State, and else-
where, the benefits of the graduation act. That
law, when passed—and I voted for it—was passed
under the impression that it would inure to the
benefit of the actual settlers and cultivators of the
public lands.
binding of president's message.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, (interrupting.)
I would ask the gentleman from Maryland to
yield me the floor for a moment, that I may move
to have the copies of the President's message,
now being furnished to members, cut and bound.
Mr. HAMILTON. I yield the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. STEPHENS. The copies are now being
laid upon our tables, and they are not at present
in a readable shape. 1 hope there will be no ob-
jection to having an order made that they be cut
and bound. I submit that motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will say to the
gentleman that all the copies, except those laid
upon the tables of members, have already been
ordered to he bound.
Mr. STEPHENS. I know that, hut I want to
have the copies which are placed upon our tables
cut and bound also.
Mr. Stephens's motion was then agreed to,
nem. dis.
the graduation bill—again.
Mr. HAMILTON, (resuming.) At the be-
ginning of this session, we heard it announced that
gross frauds had been committed under the grad-
uation law of last session. The fact was heralded
to us by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Cobb,] who declared that it was his determination
to suppress those frauds.
Mr. COBB. I said that it was stated in the
newspapers, that gross frauds had been committed,
but, 1 stated, at the same time, that therehad been
none committed, to my knowledge, in my country.
Mr. HAMILTON. The gentleman said that
he desired to remedy the defects of that law, for
it is considered defective. We have now before
us the matured plan of the gentleman, and what
is it? Is it designed to carry into execution the
purposes of the original law? What does the
gentleman's amendment propose to accomplish ?
What fraud does it design to prevent? What
defect remedy ?
Mr. COBB. I will state to the gentleman, if
he will allow me. I explained it the othe-r day,
