16-2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2,
the same class of powers. In fact, not only public
instruction, but hospitals, establishments of sci-
ence and art, libraries, and indeed everything ap-
pertaining to the internal welfare of the country,
are just as much objects of internal improvement,
or, in other words, of internal utility, as canals
and railways.
The admission of the power in either of its
senses implies its existence in the other; and
. since, if it exists at all, it involves dangerous aug-
mentation of the political functions, and of the
patronage of the Federal Government, we ought to
see clearly by what clause or clauses of the Con-
stitution it is conferred.
I have had occasion more than once to express,
and deem it proper now to repeat, that it is, in my
judgment, to be taken for granted, as a funda-
mental proposition not requiring elucidation, that
the Federal Government is the creature of the
individual States, and of the people of the States
severally; that the sovereign power was in them
alone; that all the powers of the Federal Govern-
ment are derivative ones, the enumeration and
limitations of which are contained in the instru-
ment which organized it; and by express terms:
41 The powers not delegated to the United States
by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the
States, are reserved to the States respectively or
to the people."
Starting from this foundation of our constitu-
tional faith, and proceeding to inquire in what
part of the Constitution the power of making
appropriations for internal improvements is found",
it is necessary to reject all ideaof there being any
grant of power ill the preamble. When that in-
strument says: "We, the people of the United
States, in order to form a more perfect union,
establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, pro-
vide for the common defense, promote the general
welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to
ourselves and our posterity," it only declares the
inducements and the anticipated results of the
things ordained and established by it. To assume
that anything more can be designed by the lan-
guage of the preamble, would be to convert nil
the body of the Constitution, with its carefully
weighed enumerations and limitations, into mere
surplusage. Tho same may be said of the phrase
in the grant of the power to Congress, "to pay
the debts and provide for the common defense and
general welfare of the United States;" or, to con-
Btrue the words more exactly, they are not signifi-
cant of grant or concession, but of restriction of
the specific grants, having the effect of saying
that, in laying and collecting taxes for each of
the precise objects of power granted to the Gen-
eral--Government, Congress must exorcise any
such definite and undoubted power in strict sub-
ordination to the purpose of the common defense
and general welfare of all the States.
There being no specific grant in the Constitution
of a power to sanation appropriations for internal
improvements, and no general provision broad
enough to cover any such indefinite object, it
becomes necessary to look for particular powers, to
which one or another of the things included in the
phrase" internal improvements" may be referred.
In the discussions of this question by the advo-
cates of the organization of a "general system of
internal improvements" under tne auspices of the
Federal Government, reliance is had, for the justi-
fication of the measure, on several of the powers
expressly granted to Congress: such as to estab-
lish post offices and post roads; to declare war;
to provide and maintain a Navy; to raise and
support armies; to regulate commerce; and to
dispose of the territory and other public propeity
of the United States.
As to the Ia3t of these sources of power, that of
disposing of the territory and other public prop-
erty of the United States, it may be conceded,
that it authorizes Congress, in the management of
the public property, to make improvements es-
sential to the successful execution of the trust;
but this trust must be the primary object of any
such improvement, and it would be an abuse of
the trust, to sacrifice the interest' of the property
to incidental purposes.
As to the other assumed sources- of a general
power over internal improvements, they being
specific powers, of which this is supposed to be
the incident, if the framers of the Constitution,
wise and thoughtful men as they were, intended
to confer pn Congress the power over a subject so
wide as the whole field of internal improvements,
it is remarkable that they did not use language
clearly to express it; or, in other words, that they
did not give it as a distinct and substantive pow-
er, instead of making it the implied incident of
some other one. For such is the magnitude of
the supposed incidental power and its capacity of
expansion, that any systefh established under it,
would exceed each of the others, in the amount
of expenditure and number of the persons em-
ployed, which would thus be thrown upon the
General Government.
This position may be illustrated by taking, as a
single example, one of the many things compre-
hended clearly in the idea of " a general system
of internal improvements," namely, roads. Letit
be supposed that the power to construct roads over
the whole Union, according to the suggestion of
President J. Q,. Adams, in 1807, whilst a member
of the Senate of the United States, had been con-
ceded. Congress would have begun, in pursu-
ance of the state of knowledge at the time, by
constructing turnpikes. Then, as knowledge ad-
vanced, it would have constructed canals; and at
the present time, it would have been embarked in
an almost limitless scheme of railroads.
Now, there are in the United States, the results
of State or private enterprise, upwards of seven-
teen thousand miles of railroad, and five thousand
miles of canals, in all twenty-two thousand miles;
the total cost of which may be estimated at little
short of six hundred millions of dollars; and if the
same works had been constructed by the Federal
Government, supposing the thing to have been
practicable, the cost would have probably been
not less than nine hundred millions of dollars.
The number of persons employed in superintend-
ing, managing, and keeping up these canals and
railroads, may be stated at one hundred and
twenty-six thousand, or thereabouts; to which
are to be added seventy or eighty thousand em-
ployed on the railroads in construction, making
a total of at least two hundred thousand persons,
representing iti families nearly a million of souls
employed in cr maintained by this class of public
works in the United States.
In view of all this, it is not easy to estimate the
disastrous consequences which must have resulted
from such extended local improvements being
undertaken by the General Government. State
legislation upon this subject would have been sus-
pended, and private enterprise paralyzed, while
applications for appropriations would have per-
verted the legislation of Congress, exhausted the
national treasury, and left the people burdened
with a heavy public debt, beyond the capacity of
generations to discharge.
Is it conceivable that the framers of the Con-
stitution intended that authority, drawing after it
such immense consequences, should be inferred
by implication as the incident of enumerated
powers ? 1 cannot think this; and the impossi-
bility of supposing it would be still more glaring,
if similar calculations were carried out in regard
to the numerous objects of material, moral, and
political usefulness, of which the idea of internal
improvement admits. It may be safely inferred,
that if the framers of the Constitution had in-
tended to confer the power to make appropriations
.for the objects indicated, it would have been
enumerated among the grants expressly made to
Congress. "When, therefore, any one of the
"powers actually enumerated, is adduced or referred
to, as the ground of an assumption to warrant
the incidental or implied jiower of " internal im-
provement," that hypothesis must be rejected, or
at least can be no further admitted than as the
particular act of internal improvement may
happen to be necessary to the exercise of the
granted power. Thus, when the object of a given
road, the clearing of a particular channel, or the
construction of a particular harbor of refuge, is
manifestly required by the exigencies of the naval
or military service of the country, then it seems
to me undeniable, that it may be constitutionally
comprehended in the powers to declare war, to
provide and maintain a navy, and to raise and
support armies. At the same time, it would be a
misuse of these powers, and a violation of the
Constitution, to undertake to build upon them a
great system of internal improvements. And
similar reasoning applies to the assumption of §ny
such power as involved in that to establish post-
roads and to regulate commerce. If the particu-
lar improvement, whether by land or sea, be neces-
sary to the execution of the enumerated powers,
then, but not otherwise, it falls within the juris-
diction of Congress. To this extent only can the
power be claimed as the incident of any express
grant to the Federal Government.
But there is one clause of the Constitution in
which it has been suggested that express authority
to construct works of internal improvement has
been conferred on Congress, namely, that which
empowers it " to exercise exclusive legislation,
in all cases whatsoever, over such district (not
exceeding ten miles square) as may,by cession of
particular States and the acceptance of Congress,
become the seat of -the Government of the United
States, and to exercise like authority over all
places, purchased by the consent of the Legislature
of the State in which the same shall be, for the
erection of forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-yards,
and other needful buildhigs." But any such sup-
position will be seen to be groundless, when this
provision is carefully examined, and compared
with other parts ef the Constitution.
It is undoubtedly true, that "like authority"
refers back to " exclusive legislation in all cases
whatever," as applied to the District of Columbia;
and there is, in the District, no division of powers
as between the General and the State governments.
In those places, which the United States has
purchased, or retains within any of the States—
sites for dock-yards or forts for example—legal
process of the given State is still permitted to run
for some purposes, and, therefore, the jurisdiction
of the United States is not absolutely perfect. But
let us assume, for the argument's sake, that the
jurisdiction of the United States in a tract of land,
ceded to it for the purpose of a dock-yard or fort,
by Virginia or Maryland, is as complete as in that
ceded by them forthe seat of Government, and then
proceed to analyze this Clause of the Constitution.
It provides that Congress shall have certain
legislative authority over all places purchased by
theUnited States for certain purposes. It implies
that Congress has otherwise the power to pur-
chase. But, where does Congress get the power
to purchase? Manifestly, it must be from some
other clause of the Constitution, for it is not con-
ferred by this one. Now, as it is a fundamental
principle, that the Constitution is one of limited
powers, the authority to purchase must be con-
ferred in one of the enumerations of legislative
power. So that the power to purchase is, itself,
not an unlimited one, but is limited by the objects
in regard to which legislative authority is directly
conferred.
The other expressions of the clause in question
confirm this conclusion, since the jurisdiction is
given as to places purchased for certain enumer-
ated objects or purposes. Of these, the first great
division—forts, magazines, arsenals, and dock-
yards, are obviously referable to recognized heads
of specific constitutional power. There remains
only the phrase,."and other needful buildings."
Wherefore needful? Needful for any.possible
purpose within the whole range of the business
of society and of Government? Clearly not; but
only such "buildings" as are "needful" to the
United States, in the exercise of any of the pow-
ers conferred on Congress.
Thus, the United States need, in the exercise of
admitted powers, not only forts, magazines, arse-
nals, and dock-yards, but klso court-houses, pris-
ons, custom-houses, and post offices, within the
respective States. Places for the erection of such
buildings, the General Government may constitu-
tionally purchase; and, having purchased them,
the jurisdiction over them belongs to the United
States. So, if the General Government has the
power to build a light-house, or a beacon, it may
purchase a place for that object; and, having pur-
chased it, then this clause of the Constitution gives
jurisdiction over it. Still, the power to purchase,
for the purpose of erecting a light-house, or bea-
con, must depend on the,existence of the power to
erect; and, if that power exists, it must be sought
after in some other clause of the Constitution.
From whatever point of view, therefore, the sub-
ject is regarded, whether as a question of express
or implied power, the conclusion is the same, that
Congress has no constitutional authority to carry
on a system ofinternal improvements; and in this
conviction the system has been steadily opposed
by the soundest expositors of the functions of the
Government.
