XM
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2,
coiriprehensive wisdom with which it was treated,
or the deference with which its provisions have
come,to be regarded, is only second to the Consti-
tution itself, there is a section in which the states-
men who framed the Constitution have placed on
record their construction of it in this matter. It
enacts that the district courts of the United States
" shall have exclusive cognizance of all civil cases
of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, including
all seizures under the law of impost, navigation,
or trade of the United States, when the seizures
are made on waters which are navigable from the
sea by vessels of ten or more tons burden, within
their respective districts, as well as upon the high
seas." In JJiis cotemporaneous exposition of the
Constitution, there is no trace of suggestion that
nationality of jurisdiction is limited to the sea, or
even to tide-waters. The law is marked by a sa-
gacious apprehension of the fact that the great
lakes and the Mississippi were navigable waters
of the United States even then, before the acqui-
sition of Louisiana had made wholly our own the
territorial greatness of the West. It repudiates,
unequivocally, the rule of the common law, ac-
cording to which the question of whether a water
is public navigable water or not, depends on
whether it i3 salt or not; and, therefore, in a river,
confines that quality to tide-water—a rule result-
ing from the geographical condition of England,
and applicable to an island, with small and narrow
streams, the only navigable portion of which, for
ships, is in immediate contact with the ocean, but
wholly inapplicable to Jhe great inland fresh water
seas of America, and its mighty rivers, with sec-
ondary branches exceeding in magnitude the
largest rivers of Great Britain.
At a later period, it is true, that, in disregard of
the more comprehensive definition of navigability
afforded by that act of Congress, it was for a time
held by many that the rule established for Eng-
land was to be received in the United States; the
effect of which was to exclude from the jurisdic-
tion of the General Government, not only the
waters of the Mississippi, but also those of the
great lakes. To this construction, it was with
truth objected, that, in so far as concerns the j
lakes, they are in fact seas, although of fresh
water; that they are the natural marine commu-
nications between a series of populous States, and
between them and the possessions of a foreign
nation; that they are actually navigated by ships
of commerce of the largest capacity; that they
had once been, and might again be, the scene of
foreign war; and that therefore it was doing vio-
lence to all reason to undertake, by means of an
arbitrary doctrine of technical foreign law, to
exclude such waters from the jurisdiction of the
General Government. In regard to the river Mis-
sissippi, it was objected that, to draw a line across
that l iver at the point of ebb and flood of tide, and
say that the part below was public navigable
water, and the part above not, while in the latter
the water was at least equally deep and navigable,
and its commerce as rich as in the former, with
numerous ports of foreign entry and delivery, was
to sanction a distinction artificial and unjust,
because regardless of the real fact of navigability.
We may conceive that some such considerations
led to the enactment, in the year 1845, of an act,
in addition to that of 1789, declaring that " the
district courts of the United State3 shall have,
possess, and exercise the same jurisdiction in
matters of contract and tort, arising in, upon or
concerning steamboats, and other vessels of
twenty tons burden and upwards, enrolled and
licensed for the coasting trade, and at the time
employed in business of commerce and navigation
between ports and places in different States and
Territories upon theJakes and navigable waters
connecting said lakes, as is now possessed and
exercised by the said courts in cases of the like
steamboats and other vessels employed in navi-
gation and commerce upon the high seas or tide-
waters, within the admiralty and maritime juris-
diction of the United States."
It is observable that the act of 1789 applies the
jurisdiction of the United States to all " waters
which are navigable from the sea " for vessels of
ten tons burden; and that of 1845 extends the
jurisdiction to enrolled vessels of twenty tons
burden, on the lakes and navigable waters con-
necting said lakes, though not waters navigable
from the sea, provided such vessels be employed
bstyveen placet) in different States and Territories.
Thus it appears that these provisions of law, in
effect, prescribe conditions by which to determine
whether any waters are public navigable waters,
subject to the authority of the Federal Govern-
ment. The conditions include all waters, whether
salt or fresh, and whether of sea, lake, or river,
provided they be capable of navigation by vessels
of a certain tonnage, and for commerce, either
between the United States and foreign countries,
or between any two or more of the States or Ter-
ritories of the union. This excludes water wholly
within any particular State, and not used as the
means of commercial communication with any
other State, and subject to be improved or ob-
structed, at will, by the State within which it
may happen to be.
The constitutionality of these provisions of
statute has been called in question. Their con-
stitutionality has been maintained, however, by
repeated decisions of the Supreme Court of the
United States, and they are, therefore, the law of
the land by the concurrent act of the legislative,
the executive, and the judicial departments of the |
Government. Regarded as affording a criterion
of what is navigable water, and as such subject
to the maritime jurisdiction of the Supreme Court
and of Congress, these acts are objectionable in
this, that the rule of navigability is an arbitrary
one; that Congress may repeal the present rule,
and adopt a new one; and that thus a legislative
definition will be able to restrict or enlarge the
limits of constitutional power. Yet this variable-
ness of standard seems inherent in the nature of
things. At any rate,*neither the First Congress,
composed of the statesmen of the era when the
Constitution was adopt«d, nor any subsequent
Congress, has afforded us the means of attaining
greater precision of construction as to this part of
the Constitution.
This reflection may serve to relieve from unde-
served reproach an idea of one of the greatest
men of the Republic, President Jackson. He,
seeking amid all the difficulties of the subject for
some practical rule of action in regard to appro-
priations for the improvement of rivers and har-
bors, prescribed, for his own official conduct, the
rule of confining such appropriations to " places
below the ports of entry or delivery established
by law." He saw clearly, as the authors of the
above mentioned acts of 1789 and 1845 did, that
| there is no inflexible natural line of discrimination
between what is national and what local, by means
of which to determine absolutely and unerringly
at what point on a river the jurisdiction of the
United States shall end. lie perceived, and of
couise admitted, that the Constitution, while con-
ferring on the General Government some power
of action to render navigation safe and easy, had,
of necessity, left to Congress much of discretion
in tins matter. He confided in the patriotism of
Congress to exercise that discretion wisely, not
permitting himself to suppose it possible that a
port of entry or delivery would ever be estab-
lished by law for the express and only purpose of
evading the Constitution.
It remains, therefore, to consider the question
of the measure of discretion m the exercise by
Congress of the power to provide for the improve-
ment of rivers and harbors, and also that of the
legitimate responsibility of the Executive in the
same relation.
In matters of legislation of the most unques-
tionable constitutionality, it is always material to
consider what amount of public money shall be
appropriated for any particular object. The same
consideration applies with augmented force to a
class of appropriations, which are in their nature
peculiarly prone to run to excess, and which,
being made in the exercise of incidental powers,
have intrinsic tendency to overstep the bounds of
constitutionality.
3f an appropriation for improving the naviga-
bility of a river, or deepening or protecting a
harbor, have reference to military or naval pur-
poses, then its rightfulness, whether in amount,
or m the objects to which it is applied, depends,
manifestly, on the military or naval exigency;
and the subject-matter affords its own measure of
legislative discretion. But if the appropriation for
such' an object have no distinct relation to the
military or naval wants of the country, and is
wholly, or even mainly, intended to promote the
revenue from commerce, then the very vagueness
of the proposed purpose of the expenditure con-
stitutes a perpetual admonition of reserve and
caution. Through disregard of this, it is unde-
niable that, in many eases, appropriations of this
nature have be'en made unwisely, without accom-
plishing beneficial results commensurate with the
cost, and sometimes for evil, rather than good,
independently of their dubious relation to the
Constitution.
Among the radical changes of the course of
legislation in these matters, which, in my judg-
ment, the public interest demands, one i3 a return
to the primitive idea of Congress, which required
in this class of public works, as in all others, a
conveyance of the soil, and a cession of the juris-
diction to the United States. 1 think this^ condi-
tion ought never to have been waived in the case
ofany harborimprovementof a permanent nature,
as where piers, jetties, sea-walls, and other like
works are to be constructed and maintained. It
would powerfully tend to counteract endeavors to
obtain appropriations of a local character, and
chiefly calculated to promote individual interests.
The want of such a provision is the occasion of
abuses in regard to existing works, exposing them
to private encroachment without sufficient means
of redress bylaw. Indeed, the absence, in_ such
cases, of a cession of jurisdiction, has constituted
one of the constitutional objections to appropria-
tions of this class. It is not easy to perceive any
sufficient reason for requiring it in the case of
arsenals or forts, which does not equally apply to
all "other public works; if to be constructed and
maintained by Congress in the exercise of a con-
stitutional power of appropriation, they should
be brought within the jurisdiction of the United
States.
There is another measure of precaution, in re-
gard to such appropriations, which seems to me
to be worthy of the consideration of Congeess.
It is, to make appropriation for every work in a
separate bill, so that each one shall stand on its
own independent merits, and, if it pass, shall do
so under circumstances of legislative scrutiny,
entitling it to be regarded as of general interest,
and a proper subject of charge on the Treasury
of the Union.
During the period of time in which the country
had not come to look to Congress for appropria-.
Hons of this nature, several of the States, whose
productions or geographical position invited for-
eign commerce, had entered upon plans for the
improvement of their harbors by themselves, and
through means of support drawn directly from
that commerce, in virtue of an express constitu-
tional power, needing for its exercise only the
permission of Congress. Harbor improvements
thus constructed and maintained, the expenditures
upon them being defrayed by the very facilities
they afford, are a voluntary charge on those only
who see fit to avail themselves of such facilities,
and can be justly complained of by none. On the
other hand, so long as these improvements are
j carried on by appropriations from the Treasury,
the benefits will continue to inure to those alone
who enjoy the facilities afforded, while the expend-
iture will be a burden upon the whole coun'ry,
and the discrimination a double injury to places
equally requiring improvement, but not equally
favored by appropriations.
These considerations, added to the embarrass-
ments of the whole question, amply suffice, to
suggest the policy of confining appropriations by
the General Government to works necessary to
the execution of its undoubted powers, and of
leaving all others to individual enterprise, or to
the separate States, to be provided for out of their
own resources, or by recurrence to the provision
of the Constitution which authorizes the States
to lay duties of tonnage with the consent of Con-
gress. FRANKLIN PIERCE.
Washington, December 30, 1854.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The motion which I indi-
j cated when 1 last had the floor, was to lay this
message upon the table, and that it be printed.
The message is long and important, and 1 think,
I may add, without fear of contradiction, a very
able one. My object in rising, at the present
time, is to state that, inasmuch as there are many
bills for internal improvements, which have been
submitted to the House, and referred to the appro-
priate committees, upon which the discussion of
this question will legitimately come up, and for
the purpose of enabling members to consider
