166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2,
Public Lands nearly one year ago. It was then
considered a matter urgently demanding action,
but it was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and there it has been
ever since. The Legislatures of many of the States,
■where these lands are situated, meet only bienni-
ally, and it is necessary, as some of them are now
in session, that this bill should receive prompt
action on our part, in order that the Legislatures
may be enabled to act. Sach is particularly the
case with the State which I have the honor in part
to represent upon this floor, and hence the desire
I have for instant consideration of the measure,
and hence tl\e reason I have insisted upon taking
up the bill.
It will be seen by those gentlemen of the com-
mittee who have paid attention to the reading of
the substitute that I offer, what is proposed. It
is merely to enable the locators and purchasers of
the public lands, which have been decided to be
swamp lands, within the meaning of the swamp
land act of 1850, and which were entered in good
faith before they had been reserved as swamp
lands, to get their titles to the lands they have
bought.
Now, sir, under the operation of the law of
September 28, 1850, known as the swamp land
act, there has a great deal of confusion arisen, and
that confusion has been to the prejudice of the set-
tler, who has bought his land in good faith, but
who is now unable to get his title thereto. Under
the construction which was given by the proper
officers of the Government, it is held that the title
to the lands known as swamp lands rested in the
States from the passage of the act, that it was a
grant in prasenti. Tnat, sir, was the decision
given by the General Land Office, and by the Sec-
retary of the Interior. That is the construction
given by an authority authorized to give it by the
law, and, therefore, may now be considered as a
part of the law.
Well, sir, what was the consequence? After
the passage of this act, and before the character of
these lands had been determined, while they were
open to purchase and location, settlers purchased
these lands, and, in many instances, went and
located upon them, and improved them. But, by
the decision of the Secretary of the Interior, the
title vests in the several States in which they are
situated, and the Commissioner of the General
Land Office declines to issue patents to the pur-
chasers. It is for this purpose that legislation is
asked. We propose to give authority to the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office to issue
patents to the purchasers,und to permit the States
to locate other lands in lieu thereof.
Now, in order to show the committee that
what I state is correct, I will quote from the de-
cision of the Secretary of the Interior upon this
point.
[The decision was here read, a copy of which
could not be obtained.]
• . It will be perceived that the grounds upon
which the Secretary of the Interior based his
decision was, that it was a grant in prcesenti— that
the States are entitled to hold the lands from the
time of the passage of the act. Now, sir, when
this decision was made, the Commissioner of the
General Land Office sent his circulars to the
various land offices in the country, stating that
the entries which had been made by purchasers
in good faith must be canceled, and that they
could have the purchase money refunded by appli-
cation to the land office, under the general law.
Well, sir, that was not what was wanted by these
parties. They had entered the lands,and in many
cases improved them, and made them valuable,
and they wished to retain them rather than to
receive the purchase money back again.
Now, sir, I repeat, that this bill is to remedy a
great and crying evil. And I do not know what
objections can be urged against it. It takes
nothing from the United States. It takes nothing
from the public lands. It only provides that the
parties who have entered those lands shall have
their titles confirmed to the property which they
have purchased of the Government in good faith,
Mr." Chairman, I will now call the attention of
the committee to the recent report of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, with regard to
this subject, showing the vast number of patents
now hung up in the land office, which have been
refused the settlers, who have purchased their
lands and paid their money for them, but who are
unable to get.their titles. I think the committee
will now understand the intent and object of the
substitute I have offered, and I have nothing fur-
ther to say on the subject.
Mr. LINDLEY. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
offer an amendment to the substitute of the gen-
tleman from Illinois.* The object of this bill, and
of the gentleman's substitute, is a good one. It
is an attempt to do justice to many persons in the
West who purchased lands of the.United States,
which were afterwards selected and claimed by
the States in which they lie.as swamp lands. The
bill and the substitute both very properly provide
that the General Government shall give to the
States the money arising from the sales of such
lands, and permits the States to appoint commis-
sioners to locate other lands in lieu of those located
by land warrants, when the States shall relinquish
their title to the Government, which will inure to
the benefit of the innocent purchasers. But there
is added the following proviso:
And provided also, That all lands and money received by
any State under the provisions of this act, 3hall be applied
and expended as required by the said act of 28th September,
1850 : Jlml be it further provided, That before the purchase
money for such lands sold as aforesaid, shall be paid over
to any State, and before any State shall be permitted to
locate other lands in lieu of those located by warrants, or
scrip, proof shall be made to the satisfaction of the district
and officers, subject to the approval of the Commissioner
of the Land Office, that such lands wete of the character
embraced by the swamp land act of September 28,1850."
And to this I object, and propose, as an amend-
ment, to strike out all after the words " Provided
also. "My reason for it is, that it is wholly incon-
sistent with the object of the bill. The difficulty in
the old law—the evil to be remedied—is, that it took
effect in prcesenti, vesting the title in the States at
the time of the passage of the swamp land act.
Your land offices were kept open, and many per-
sons were induced to enter and pay for the very
land afterwards selected by the States and claimed
as swamp lands. The simple question now is,
what is Congress willing to do to indemnify per-
sons to whom you sold lands that did not belong
to you. Many of these persons, who bought
these lands from the United States, have sold them
and given deeds of general warranty. They are
liable on their covenants, and can be brought into
court at the end of a writ. Many others have
bought timber and prairie in separate tracts. One
has been selected for the State, the other is value-
less without it. Now, what will Congress do for
these persons ? I think we ought to do all in our
power, and stop at nothing that will effect justice.
But the title to these lands vested in the States at
the passage of the act, and by some of them, has
been donated to the respective counties. Now,
you cannot pass a law divesting the States and
counties of their title. It will be altogether op-
tional -with them whether they accept of the
provisions of this act or not. We must depend
on their generosity and sense of justice. Hence,
we should impose no obnoxious conditions on the
exercise of that generosity. We should try to
induce the States to accept the provisions of this
bill; and, to insure that, we must strip it of the con-
ditions contained in the proviso. Some gentlemen
say we ought to make the States use the proceeds
of these lands to drain the swamp lands. As be-
tween the States and the General Government that
is proper. But we have no power thus to com-
pel the States. We have now nothing to do with
the policy of the swamp land act. But, having
first granted these lands to the States, and after-
wards sold them for money to innocent purchasers,
we must do all we can to induce the States to
relinquish to those purchasers, and whether some
of the States may gam some advantage by it or
not, is not the question. We should only con-
sider how we can most surely do justice to those
persons to whom we have sold lands that we can
give no title for.
Let us, by this bill, request the States to whom
the swamp lands were granted, to give them up
to the purchasers, and let us give to the States
other lands instead of them, and that without any
of the conditions contained in the proviso which
may defeat the very object and purpose of passing
the bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I do not rise to make
a speech, but the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Washburne,] has, I understand, submitted a
substitute for this entire bill, which is a very im-
portant one. Now, it is impossible for us to give
the bill, important as it is, due consideration
until that substitute is printed. I therefore move
that the committee rise, so that we may make an
order in the House to print the substitute.
Mr. HENN. I hope the gentlemaa from In-
diana will let us go on with the consideration of
this bill to-day. The amendment of the gentle-
man from Illinois is immaterial, so far as the pur-
pose of the bill is concerned. It just provides
what the Commissioner of the Land Office would
do any ho w, and I think we had better pass the bill
to-day. It has been delayed long enough, and
the whole country is suffering from the want of it.
I hope the gentleman will withdraw his motion.
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot withdraw it.
The question was then taken on Mr. Davis's
motion; and it was decided in the negative.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. MAYALL. I would inquire if general
debate is in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that it is.
Mr. MAYALL then addressed the committee,
during an hour, in discussing the financial policy
of the Administration.
His remarks (withheld for revision) will be
published in the Appendix.
Mr. KEITT obtained the floor.
Mr. ROBBINS. If the gentleman from South
Carolina will allow me, I will move, as the hour
is late, that the committee do now rise.
Mr. KEITT. I yield the floor for that purpose.
Mr. ROBBINS. Then I submit the motion.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania withdraw his motion for a moment
to enable me to offer an amendment to the bill now
pending, in order that it may be printed ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
cannot order it to be printed.
Mr. LETCHER. No, but it will go in the
Globe of to-morrow morning.
Mr. ROBBINS. To accommodate the gentle-
man from Virginia, I, for the present, withdraw
my motion.
Mr. LETCHER. I am opposed, to the ori-
ginal proposition,and also to the amendments pro-
posed by the gentlemen from Illinois and Mis-
souri, and it seems to me, that upon anyfair
construction of the swamp land act, there is no
necessity for any such bill as they propose to pass.
It is provided in the second section of this swamp
land act, that the fee simple shall exist only when
the patent is delivered; in other words, that no title
vests in the Governor of the State in which the
lands lie, until the patent is issued by the Gov-
'ernment of the United States, for the land so
selected. Well, now, if that be the case—if
no patent has issued for these swamp lands,
then there can, properly, be no controversy be-
tween those who have paid their money or deliv-
ered their scrip, or deposited their land warrants
for the land which they now claim, end to which
the patents are withheld by the land office. In
order to remedy this whole difficulty, I move to
strike out all after the enacting words of the bill,
and to insert in lieu thereof, the following:
That the President of the United States cause patents
to be issuod to the puichaser or pur«haSers wlio have made
entries of the public lands, claimed as swamp lands, either
with cash, or with land warrants, or with scrip, prior to
the ib&ue of patents from the State or States, as provided
for hy the second section of the act, approved September
28,18:0, entitled V An act to enable the State of Arkansas,
and other States, to reclaim the swamp lands witbin their
hmU3," any decision of the Secretary of the Interior, or
other officer of the Government to the contrary notwith-
standing.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair notifies the
gentleman from Virginia that, at the present mo-
ment, that amendment is not in order.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I give notice that I
will offer it at the proper time.
Mr. ROBBINS. I now renew the motion to
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported prog"
ress.
FOREIGN PAUPERS, ETC.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House adjourn.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. I
ask my friend from Illinois to withdraw his mo-
tion for a moment?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I withdraw it.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I ask leave to report
a bill from the Committee on Commerce, and I
