US®
THE. CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
January 8,
found' equal'to the occasion. I know that honor-
able Senator did not mean to intimate that I was
more sectional in my views of things upon this
floor than he.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Not at all,
sir.
Mr. STUART. I know it. But, sir, to return
now to this bill. I ask, if it will require three
hundred million acres of land (as it seems to me
it must, on the assumption that four hundred and
forty thousand men, as the Senator from Georgia
said yesterday, were employed in the service in
the war of 1812, and one hundred and sixty acres
of land are given to each man,) to meet the pro-
visions of this bill, is it not an important one?
If that statement be true, we shall, by the passage
of this bill, withdraw, for thirty years at least,
from the Treasury of the United States, any
income from the public lands, and we shall, in
the words of the Senator from Iowa, shingle the
new States all over with land scrip held by large
landholders, thus checking settlement, doing the
grossest injustice to those States, and effecting,
also, thereby equal injustice to the old States of
this Union.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Th e gentle-
man knows that I would not needlessly interrupt
him; but I wish to ask him, if the homestead bill
had passed, how much would that have absorbed ?
I do not desire to interrupt the tenor of the Sena-
tor's remarks; but 1 should like to have an answer
to my question.
Mr. STUAET. I am very thankful to the
Senator; I like the interruption, because it gives
me an opportunity to say that the distinction
between the two cases is this: The more land
taken under the homestead bill, the better for the
new and the old States, because the homestead bill
required the cultivation of a part of all that should
be taken; it required that every man who took
anything under the bill, should go on the land and
cultivate it for five years.
Mr. PRATT. How would that be better for
the old States ?
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Maryland
asks me how that would be better for the old ones ?
Why, sir, just in proportion as the new States are
cultivated and settled, do they throw into the laps
of your eastern States, and over your eastern rail-
roads, money and wealth. 1 havebeen surprised,
again and again, to see New York and Pennsyl-
vania, and other old States, opposing grants of land
for the construction of railroads in the new States,
the inevitable effect of which would be to enrich
them. 1 believe, to-day, that New York and
Pennsylvania are more interested in the construc-
tion of a railroad in any northwestern State, than
is the State in which the road may be constructed.
I have no doubt of it. So of the southern land
States. If the southwestern States construct rail-
roads, the terminus of which, upon the Atlantic, is
in the old States, passing through those old States,
thebenefitto them is incalculable; and, Isayagam,
I have been surprised that they could not, or
" would not, see it:
Sir, I do not wish to detain the Senate, and I
shall not do so. I should not have risen this morn-
ing, but that I thought it pioper to say a few
words in discharge of a duty to myself. I yield
to no Senator in my desire to do justice to the
surviving officers and soldiers who have been
engaged in the service of the country ; but when
I see that the inevitable effect of this bill, as it
now stands, must be to hold out to tliern a mere
phantom—that which is worth a mere nominal
sum, not enough to support a man in this city for
one wlek—I cannot consent to see them thus im-
properly treated. For what have they asked?
• Look at the resolutions which are on our table
from the Legislature of the State of Rhode Island,
and you will see that they ask for a grant of land
to the soldiers of the war of 1812. What do we
do? Bring m everybody, and the children of every-
body, who has ever been in the service of the
United States.
Nov/, if there be covered up under this prop-
osition, an effort to distribute the lands of the
United States among the States of the Union, I
can see the motive; but it is a motive in which 1
cannot participate. I cannot vote for the bill as^
it stands, though I should be inclined to do so ir
it were brought back even to its original terms.
I can say to the Senator from Pennsylvania, that
I am not at all tenacious about retaining the
amendment which was adopted on my motion.
If he desires that amendment to be stricken out,
and the bill put in its original condition, if no
other Senator is willing to move to reconsider the
vote on it, I will do so myself. What I ask is,
that you shall carry out the primary object of the
bill fairly, in a manner which will do no injustice
to any State in the Union. ' Much as I shall re-
gret that I cannot have the opportunity Of casting
my vote in favor of some benefit to those merito-
rious men, I am compelled to vote against that
which gives them a mere nominal sum—not ten
dollars apiece—while it does such injustice to the
Treasury of the United States, and to the land
States of this Union and, consequently, to all the
States, as cannot be made up in the next ten years.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President,-as 1 supported
the amendment which the Senator from Michigan
proposes to reconsider, I will sav a few words in
reply to him. He does not object to this amend-
ment because it is wrong. He does not object to
it because it is not in conformity with the prin-
ciple of the bill, if the bill has any principle. He
objects to it simply because he supposes it will
take too much land. 1 understand that to be the
sole ground of his objection. I say, sir, that the
feature to which he objects is not only in conform-
ity with the principles of the original biil, but if
there be any merit in the question at all, it pre-
sents much higher claims than the original bill.
The children of those persons who, in the last
war, stood by our flag, and lost their lives in
standing by that flag and sustaining their own and
the national honor, cannot be minors now. For
this reason those children would be excluded from
this bounty by the provisions of the bill, as it
was presented, and as the Senator from Michigan
would like to have it. The m6n of the Revolution
who did not enlistfor three years, but who poured
out their blood and exposed their lives in defense
of public liberty, never got one acre of the land
which they won from the British Crown; and yet
the Senator from Michigan would exclude their
children, though he appears to be willing to give
land to those who have served less than thirty
days in later wars.
1 have stated two classes of cases where there
is, undoubtedly, merit which would be excluded
by the original bill; and yet, it would bestow the
bounty and the gratitude of the country upon the
man who was called out, probably, to defend his
own homestead, and mglonously threw down his
arms and fled, and has lived a craven life until
to-day. That "is the original bill. That is the
bill which the Senator advocates. According to
that bill, the grown-up children of the man who
stood by his colors and lost his life in defense of
the national flag, would notbe authorized to receive
an acre; while the craven who abandoned his post
would now, after the lapse of thirty or forty years,
receive this bounty. The first are to be excluded
because, it is said, you have not land enough. If
you have not enough land for ail, give what you
have first to the most meritorious. If you are
going to curtail the proposed bounty, commence
at tile right place. Do not commence wnh the
children of the man who lost his life in the service
of his country. An influence which some may
suppose to have a bearing on this point is, that
one class has votes. That may be so, but I believe
that it will be found, so far as this amendment is
concerned; that there will be about as many on
one fide as on the other.
The Senator from Michigan, spoke of the effect
of this system on the new States. Well, sir, I
have not advocated the policy of your homestead
bills, or your gratuities or largesses, or bounties to
soldiers. I believe it to be utterly .wrong, and it
can never, under any circumstances, receive my
: vote. I haveno jealousy of the new States. Many
! of the people of the country have gone from the
old to the new States, and 1 hupe that they have
benefited their condition by so doing. My ances-
tors went from the old mother of Common wealths
further south to benefit themselves. I am per-
fectly willing that people shall go to the new States,
but I will notgive them bounties to go. I believe
the settlement of the public territory is advanta-
geous to both the old and the new States; but I also
believe that the States aggregately have an interest
in the public domain, i do not think it should be
considered as a fund exclusively for the benefit of
the new States. I think iliac in the main we have
administered it on sound principles for the last fifty
years. I have been willing to adhere to that
system; but when you come to a distribution of
the land under a bill like this, I say that the
proposition at which the Senator from Michigan
strikes, is the very best feature of the bill, as it
now stands. Those at whom he strikes have
louder claims upon the gratitude of the nation,
claims better founded in justice, than those provided
for in any other portion of the bill.
We are now asked to provide for the soldiers of
the last war with Great Britain. Surely they are
not as meritorious as the soldiers of the Revolu-
tion, who did not get a single acre of land unless
they served for three years. All who, during the
war of 1812, enlisted for the war got one hundred
and sixty, or three hundred and twenty, acres of
land, and all who served as long as thirty days
received land in proportion to their service. Now,
this bill proposes, without reference to length of
time or duration of service, to put them all on an
equality. There is no justice in that. When
discriminations are to be made, I will discriminate
in favor of the most meritorious, rather than in
favor of the least meritorious.
The Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] in
his remarks yesterday, made a great mistake
when he attributed much of the prowess of our
own people to these largesses of Congress. Sir,
the men of the Revolution did not receive them.
Then it required three years' service to get one
hundred acres of land, and I believe none was
afterwards given to those men by the Congress of
the United States. The soldiers in the war of
1812 received no land, except as a bounty for
enlistment, which islegitimate. They weregranted
none for past services. Such an idea is a modern
one. I.suppose that the fathers of the Revolution
shed some honor on the Republic. I suppose
they were as valiant as those who came after
them. They acted from motives far, very far,
above any that were attributed by the Senator
from Illinois to the mercenary soldiers of modern
times. They fought for liberty and self-govern-
ment. They did nob fight for bounty. They did
not weigh their patriotism in a scale with one
hundred and sixty acres in the opposite balance.
They gave their land, and sacrificed their lives in
defense of their country and her liberties. They
did not come here to ask for Government bounty.
Until at least eight tenths of the men of the Revo-
lution had been gathered to their fathers, and left
the results of their toil to their children, no mm
in this country could carry through either body
of the American Congress a proposition to bestow
on our soldiers a bounty or a pension of any sort.
The first pension law that Congress ever passed
was passed in 1818—thirty five years after the
treaty of peace, which was thefmal consummation
of independence. The men who fought your
Revolution, and won your liberties, scorned to be
compensated in pensions or bounty lands for past
services. Even m 1818 the provisions of the bill
cf that year were restricted to those who were
unable to support themselves, and that fact had to
be proved to the satisfaction of the War Depart-
ment here. It was in 1828 when the next pension
bill was passed, and you gave to the soldiers of
tho Revolution their commutation, or pensions in
lieu of it.
It was not till 1832—half a century after the
last cannon of the Revolution had sounded upon
your coasts—that you began the present flagitious
system of pensions. What had become, during
those fifty years, of the men who won your inde-
pendence? They had gone to their fathers. While
they were living you had abundance of land, but
you gave them none of it. Jn 1S02, you had a
vast domain. Why did not these men eomehere
then and demand for their services, bounties, and
pensions, and largesses? It was because they
were true patriots and true men. This system is
a modern innovation. Eiren the men of the war
of 1812 are nearly all dead; but neither they nor
their chidrenare to receive the bounty of the Gov-
ernment according to tills bill, as it was originally
presented. Those who took care to keep out of
harm's way; those %vhn threw down their arms
and fled, will, under the bill, get as much bounty
as the man who did his duty; and more than the
children of the man who poured out his blood in
defense of his own and the country's honor. I
am opposed to the motion of the Senator from
Michigan, because the provision at which he
strikes is the veiy best in the bill as it now stands.
