1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
Mr. CLAYTON. I shall vote against the mo-
tion to reconsider, Mr. President,because I desire
to place this bill upon the same footing as similar
bills which have heretofore ,been passed. 1 see
no reason for making a distinction. I cannot see
why this bill should be more restricted than the
one which was passed for the soldiers in the Mex-
ican war. The provision in that esse was, that
the grant should be to the soldier, or, in casp of
his death, to his widow; and in case of the death
of the widow, to the children, (not the minor
children;) and if there were no children, to the
father, and if there was no father, to the mother.
Now wiil any man tell me a good reason why the
provisions of this bill should not be coextensive
with the piovisions of that? Why provide for all
engaged in the Mexican war in terras so large,
extending it to all their children, and yet confine
this bounty to the minor children of the soldiers
of the war of 1812? Then, again, during the
war of 1812, in all cases where acts of Congress
of this description were passed, the warrant was
directed to be issued to the soldier, and, of course,
in case of his death, the land became the property
of the heirs-at-law. It was not merely a grant to
minor children, or even to children, but to all the
heirs-at-law—to the collateral relations, in case
there were no lineal descendants. That I think the
best principle to establish here. I shall go for the
best I can get; but certainly I prefer the provision
which gives to the children—not merely to the mi-
nor children—his land, in case the soldier be dead.
Mr. President, this bill is objected to because
it is said it will distribute hundreds of millions of
acres of the public land. If I understand the
honorable Senatdr from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,]
one of his principal objections is on account of
the enormous amount of land that will be disposed
of by it. Sir, the homestead bill, for which the
honorable Senator voted at the last session, pro-
poses to give one hundred and sixty acres of land,
not only to persons who might claim the benefits
of this bill, but to all—and not only to all citizens
of the United States, but to all persons in the
United States; and, in fact, it invites foreigners to
come and take one hundred and sixty acres of
public land. Was any. objection made by the
honorable Senator, or by others here, who are
now so strenuous in opposition to this bill, to [
that measure, because we could not compute how :
many hundreds of millions of acres might be (lis- |
posed of by it? I heard no such objection from |
that side of the Chamber at, that time. This bill,!
sir, assumes the principle of merit, as lying at the j
foundation of the grant. Jt proposes to give to !
those who are, in the eye of the country, rneri- j
torious, that which the homestead bill oilers to !
all, without regard to merit. This, therefore, is
an infinitely better mode of disposing of the public
domain than that. It is palpable, sir, from the
course honorable gentlemen have taken, thut the
public land is, before long, to be given away.
Under these circumstances, Ihave but the altern-
ative to choose, whether it shall be given to
those most meritorious, or to every body who
will come and take it.
Mr. President, there are some objections that
might bo made to this bill, and I propose, at the
proper time, to move to amend it. 1 think there
was much force in the remarks made yesterday
by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] and
the Senator from California, [Mr. Wciler,] in
reference to the danger, the possible danger, of
speculators buying up these warrants and locating
a great number of them in one spot, so as to pre-
clude the settlement of the country. I shall move, J
sir, to restrict the power of those who buy these
warrants, so that they shall not locate more than i
six hundred and forty acres in any contiguous !
tract, nor more than one thousand two hundred j
and eighty acres in any one township. That will j
obviate the difficulty which the honorable Sena-
tors pressed so much yesterday.
There are other objections to it. It has been
suggested that, provision is not made by the
teims of the bill for those meritorious soldiers of
the war of 1812, who received nothing from the
Government, as was the case, I have understood,
with the Plaftsburg volunteers. The bill pro-
vides that none but those who have been paid
shall receive its benefits. I shall propose to strike
out that provision, so that those who were paid
nothing shall enjoy the benefits of the bounty as
well as those who received compensation.
Mr. CASS. It must be recollected, in consid-
ering this bill, that there is no legal claim on the
part of any person to this bounty—neither the
person who (lid the service, nor his widow, nor
his children, if he left any, nor his creditors.
There is no legal claim at all. In one point of
view, it may be a gratuity. At any rate, it is an
equitable law, and equitable compensation for
services, which, we judge, under the circumstances
of the country, is proper to be made. Now, the
simple question is, whether these gratuities shall
go to any others than those who may be consid-
ered as having sustained a loss by the death of a
person who spent his life in our service? The
widow and minor children are thrown upon him by
nature for support, and they lose their support by
his death; but the children who are out in the
world making their own way, have no such loss,
and are entitled to no such gratuity, any more
than his cousins or anybody else. It is a simple
question whether those persons, put in that con-
dition, have a right to claim the gratuity which is
given for those services? If I recollect aright—
but I will not assert it positively—this is the first
time that such a provision has been proposed to
be introduced. This is very different from those
cases, prescribed by the law, wliere warrants were
to go to heirs, to major and minor children, for
the very evident reason that those were laws for
carrying into effect promises which had be«n
made. They were legal promises voluntarily
made before, or on, the entry of the parties into
the service. You provided that they should be
entitled to so much; and you afterwards provided
how it should go; and that was fulfilling your
legal contract. But you have here no legal con-
tract, and no legal claim upon you; and I bslieve,
if you put this provision on your statute-book, it
will be the first time that you can find a provision
that gratuitous grants like this shall go any fur-
ther than to minor children. I wiil not say posi-
tively that it is so. If I am wrong, I should like
any gentleman to correct me; but my impression
is, that when you have departed from that, it was
only in cases where there was a legal claim by
virtue of a law previously passed.
Mr. STUART. In connection with what my
colleague has said, I desire to read the third section
of the act of September 28, 1850, giving bounty
lands to those who were engaged in the service of
the United States in the war of 1812. That sec-
tion provides, among other things, that—
tc In tile event of tile death of any commissioned officer,
non-commt-'rioned officer, musician, orpiivnto, prior to or
subsequent to the passage of this act, who shall have served
as aforesaid, and bliall not have received bounty lands tor
such scrvice, a like certificate or warrant shall be issued
in favor of, and inure to. the benefit of ins widow, who shall
receive one hundred and tixty acres of land, in case her
husband was Killed in battle, but not to her heirs. "
The Senator from Delaware asks if any gentle-
man can point out the difference between certain
preceding acts, which he enumerated, and this?
I think it will be a very easy task. The acts of
1812 and 1813, and of 1847, to which he alludes,
were acts passed at the time of the service, when,
if an individual had been killed in battle,—the very
supposition to which my colleague has just alluded
existed—if he left children, they were, m all prob-
ability, minor children, who were deprived of his
services for their support. The law of 1847
carried with it this supposition, and what is the
fact? The men who go into the service of the
country, are men, say from twenty-one to thirty-
five years of age. I presume the most of them
wiil fall within those ages. It is probable, there-
fore, in all eases, that if they leave any children
at all, they are minor children. But, sir, when
you have passed from the war of the Revolution
down to to-day, and from the war of 1812 down
to to-day, and you are making provision for the
donation of bounty lands for services in them,
there is no such supposition. It will be seen that
the Congress of 1850 acted upon that principle.
They gave to the widow, but not to the children.
If a war were in existence to-day, and you were
to provide for those who were in its service, and
give one hundred and sixty acres of land to the
widow or children of those who have died, the
word " minor" would be pretty much useless;
out now there is no minor child of a soldier of
the Revolution dependent on him. There" is,
probably, no minor child of an officer or soldier of
the war of 1812 dependent on him. They are
full grown men. Therefore, the principle to which
the honorable Senator from Delaware alludes does
not apply.
It was said by the honorable Senator, and
more particularly by the Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,] that my only objection to this
act is the quantity of land which it gives. Not
at all, sir. i admit that the general principle of
donating landsshould be confined to the individual
himself; but the natural inference follows, that if
you are giving lands at the time of the service,
and if he be dead, his surviving family is as
meritorious as the man who does not get killed,
as the Senator from Georgia says; b t if you
wait seventy or eighty years, and then make the
donation, there is no such necessity, nor any such
propriety; and then it follows, that the quantity of
land to be consumed by the act becomes an im-
portant element in its consideration. And, I say,
now, sir, in my- judgment, there is no propriety
in covering by this act three hundred millions
of acres of the public lands, for the purpose of
giving them to men who are grown up and wealthy.
They are as likely to be wealthy as any other
citizens. They are full grown men, capable of
taking care of themselves.
Mr. TOOMBS. Does not the original bill give
to full grown men, one hundred and sixty acres
ofiand?
Mr. STUART. Undoubtedly so; and doubt-
less so far it is improper; but there is no ground
to discriminate. But certainly to give one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land to a man, who has
given the country no service at all, is a gratuity
indeed; and that is the effect of giving it to the
children without restricting it to the minors. It
will be seen, therefore, if the Senator from Dela-
ware will look at the acts, that the principle estab-
lished by the Congress of 1850 is precisely the
principle for which I contend; and it will also be
seen, I think, that it is a principle founded in
reason. You are giving the land a long time after
the services have been conferred. Hence, the
propriety of limiting it to the widow, as that act
does.
Mr. CLAYTON. It is for the purpose of rem-
edying the injustice of the act of 1850, that this
bill is introduced. That act made an unjust dis-
crimination between the children of the soldiers of
1812 and the children of the soldiers of the Mex-
ican war; and the honorable Senator cannot, by
any ingenuity of argument, show that it was other-
wise. Theactof February 11, 1847, giving land
to the soldiers of the Mexican war, provides for
the issue of scrip to the wife, child, or children, if
there be any, and if none, then to the father, and
if there be no father, then to the mother, of any
deceased regular or volunteer. Why not extend
the same provision to the soldiers of 1812? It has
been intimated by one gentleman, that the act of
1847 was intended only to apply to those who
rlied after the passage of the act. That is not the
law, sir. The act gives the bounty to thechildren
of those who died before its passage, as well as to
those who died afterwards; and 1 say again, it is
impossible for any man to point out the justice oi
such a discrimination as was made by the act of
1850. To remedy it, we propose now to pass this
bill.
Mr. President, our friends from the new States
give us at different times very different views in
regard to the public lands. I remember an argu-
ment during the last session of Congress, which
showed us that, in all cases where we had donated
—for I believe that is the fashionable phrase, not
given—school lands to any of those States, the
donation would only have the effect of putting the
States in debt. It was demonstrated by a course
of mathematical reasoning, by some gentleman
who was anxious to show that no benefit would
be received by the western States, that it was an
absolute injury.
Mr. STUART. The school lands ?
Mr. CLAYTON. I think your colleague, in
his speech upon the President's veto of the insane
land bill, said something of that kind.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator - labors
under a total misapprehension. So far as respects
myself, I do not recollect making any such argu-
ment.
Mr. CLAYTON. I think I could refresh the
Senator's memory by referring to the speech.
Now, sir, the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Stuart] says that the operation and effect of
this provision in the bill will be to destroy the
