1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
which gentlemen look upon anything like giving
greater salaries or creating new offices. Thespirit
in this body is to retrench and cut down all the
salaries of the officers now in California. jNfo
one in this body, who understands the true con-
dition of their duties and expenses, entertains such
feelings; but stijl such 1 know to be the general
spirit of this House. But yet the United States
districtattorney for the State of California is called
upon,, when these cases are transmitted from the
board of land commissioners to theUnited States
district court, to discharge all the-" duties which
Congress has now devolved upon three commis-
sioners—a law agent, an assistant law agent, a
clerk, and several assistant clerks. The law, as
it now exists, says that, as soon as these cases
are transferred, the parties have the right to come
in and take testimony de novo. The attorney of
the United States is obliged to file a petition and
set forth the nature of the claim, and the claim-
ants have the same right. The Government and
claimants know the deficiency in the testimony,
as submitted to the commissioners, and at once
set to work to supply it. Hence, the whole work
has to be gone over frequently, and the work
really commences when the suits are transferred
to the district court. The district attorney is com-
pelled to act in the capacity of commissioners,
law agents, and of clerks, and the history of these
cases show that they are of a very arduous char-
acter. The duties which devolve upon him, in
ordinary cases, often occupy him the entire year,
and the taking of the testimony, and the exam-
ination of these witnesses, devolves upon him an
amount of business absolutely impossible for him
alone to discharge. Upon this point, I beg leave
to have a letter to myself from the Attorney Gen-
eral read to the committee, which I will send to
the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read the following letter:
Attorney General's Office, >
December 13, 1854. $
Sir: In answer to your letter of inquiry of thi^ data, !
have the honor to state, that the determination of land
claims hi Cahlorma, is, m my judgment, at the present
time, one of the most urgent exigencies ot the public sci vice.
The whole number of cases pending before the commis-
sioners was, at the last advices,eighthundred and thirteen.
Of these, three hundred and twenty have been certified to
this office, and the prosecution of one hundred and <'t litv-
seven appeals has already been notthed by me to the re-
spective district couits. In older to expedite this mass of
business, two thing-*, among other?, seem to be nectary;
first, to extend the land commission far one yenr, at least,
and, secondly, to furnish additional force for what is to be
done in the district court.
Upon the last point, permit me to observ* that the case"
are, for the most pait, of importance in the principles of
law as well as the amount of interest involved ; that a cir-
cumstantial petition, in each ca-*e, has to be filed in the
district court as the institution of proceedings there ; that
evidence has to be taken which is often quite voluminous;
and that, in a word, each case devolves much special labor
and responsibility upon the district attorney and court: all
which i=> m addition to their ordinary duties, which are the
more serious in California because of the fact that the dis-
trict courts there dischaige by law the functions of a cncuit
court.
To these causes, undoubtedly, it is owinj; that of the
one hundred and eighty-seven cases, in which the prose-
cution of appeal has been notified by mc, only four have
been disposed of, and have come up to the Supienie Court.
The effect is to hold in suspense all the land titles in Cali-
fornia, greatly to thf prejudice of the State, its inhabitants,
and of the United States.
I fully concur in opinion with the Secretary of the In-
terior as to the importance of promptly adopting suitable
legislative measures in the promises.
I am, vny respectfully, C. CUSIIING.
Hon. Milton S. Latham, Houseof Representahves.
Mr.RITCIIIE, of Pennsylvania. 1 would ask
the gentleman from California, whether he knows
this commission can complete the business within
one year? He says that the business of the com-
mission is only about one half completed, and 1
would suggest whether the time of extension had
not better be two years?
Mr. LATHAM. The bill has been drafted in
pursuance of the wish of the land commissioners
themselves. The land commission is now fully or-
ganized; it is now at work. According to their own
report, made to the Secretary of the interior, they
think that they can complete their labors within
one year. .
With regard to the second section of the bill,
which is recommended by the Attorney General,
I will state that it is limited, in such way, that
this assistant aid, given to the United States dis-
trict attorney, is confined to the period of one
year, within which he can get the cases Wore
the United States district court, and be prepared
to argue the principles involved in them.
One thing more, and I have done. The sur-
veyor general of the State of California, in order
that the House may fully appreciate the interests
of the General Government in this matter, has
stated that out of the 93,022,400 acres of land in
that State, there are 10,000,000 acres of land, the
very best land in the State, in some instances
involving title to cities and to whole counties,
embraced by the litigation of these Spanish grants.
The question whether Congress will continue this
commission for a year longer, and will give the
United States district attorney, in the absence of
a circuit court, the power and capacity to discharge
the duties devolving on him, involves the question
of the wealth of the State of California. The
action of these commissioners decides the validity
of the title of the lands within that State, and on
that depends its permanent prosperity. I there-
fore respectfully ask of the House that it will
pass this bill, and by doing so not only protect the
interests of the citizens of California, but also
those of the General Government.
I move that the bill be now put on its passage;
and on that I call for the previous question.
The call for the previous question received a
second, and the main question was ordered to be
now put. The bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
read a third time,and passed.
Mr. LATHAM. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and that that
motion be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GRADUATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. Reports are still in order
from the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CODB. Yesterday, Mr. Speaker, the bill
under consideration during the morning hour was
recommitted to the Committee on Public Lands,
together with the amendments offered to it. Since
then, that committee hus closely investigated the
whole subject, and has instructed me to report
back a substitute, to the reading of which I
respectfully ask the attention of members. "We
have endeavored to satisfy everybody, hut whether
we have succeeded or not I am unable to say.
There is doubt of our success. We have some-
times to yield our own desires to satisfy others,
and we have done in this matter as much as we
could.
Now let me say, that if this bill is to pass at all,
it ought to pass now, at once. If the crying evils
exist as they are said to exist,by the newspapers
and memorials, they ought to be remedied by us.
They do exist, T believe, as all admit, and fortheir
remedy this substitute is proposed, and I hope,
may be adopted. At all events, let the matter be
now disposed of. Let the bill be passed, or re-
jected.
The Clerk then read the substitute, as follows:
Be it enacted, fyc., That so much of the act of August 18,
1851, entitled " An act to graduate and reduce the price of
public lands to actual s-etlJpre, and cultivators,'J as requires
the affidavit of the applicant, under said act. to be taken
before the reenter, or receiver, be, and the same is hereby
lepealed, and Mud affidavit may hereafter be taken before
any oflieer authorized to administer oaths, under such regu-
lations as may be prescribed by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior; and so mueh of said act as requires that the land
entered lor the use of an adjoining farm, or plantation, shall
adjoin that tract, or tracts, actually occupied or owned as
a farm or plantation, be, and the same is hereby, so con •
strued as to include any tiact, or tiaetss, that may corner
with sueh farm or plantation : Provided, That the portion
of said law that has been construed as authorizing the
entry of lands under said graduating act, oil filing a decla-
ration of intention to enter lands for the u?eofthe applicant, j
and for the pin pose of settlement and cultivation, shall ■
hcieafter be considered as authorizing an entry m such '
cases onl> a  piool of actual settlement, and improvement, ,
by tlu* paity making suWi application, under suchrule«!and
regulations"a  may be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Interior for that purpose.
Sec. 2. Jlnd he it further enacted, That hereafter, in
addition to the affidavit now required by the provisions of
said act, cacti applicant shall he required to make oath that
he or she, intends to appropriate said land to his or her own
exclusive use or benefit, and he or she h<n not, directly, or
indirectly, made any agreement or contract m any way or
manner with any person or persons whatsoever, by winch i
the title by which he or she might acquire from the Gov- j
eminent of the United States, should mure, in whole or in j
part, to the benefit of any person except himself or herself. ;
And no person shall be entitled to any of the benefits of!
said act who is not a citizen of the United States, or who j
has not filed ins declaration of intention to become a citi- j
zen, as required by the naturalization laws.
Mr. COBB. I suppose the House, by this time, I
understands this proposition, and I shall not dis-
cuss it. 1 shall therefore demand the previous
question; and if the House is satisfied to vote upon
it now, they will sustain the motion; if not, they
will vote it down, and the bill will be open to
amendment and discussion. I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the gen-
tleman from Alabama will allow me to proposean
amendment, and obtain the vote of the House
upon it.
Mr. COBB. I should like first to know what
amendment the gentleman intends to propose?
Mr. JONES. What I wish is, to strike out bo
much of the bill as requires the person to settle
upon land, and furnish proof that he has made
improvements thereon before he can be allowed
to enter it under this bill. I will merely say one
word in reference to it. In my section of the
country, where there are lands comprehended
under this bill, the provision I wish to strike out
may not work any great hardship. But suppose
a case where a man goes fifty or one hundred
miles, and selects a tract of land which he wishes
to enter, but does not want to locate in that coun-
try unless he can get that particular tract—now,
sir, by the time he has brought on his family,
made his improvements, and is prepared to make
proof of the fact, some other person may have
enteied it at $1 25 per acre, or have also made
improvements, and have entered it before the per-
son who originally selected the lands can have an
opportunity of doing so.
1 have no desire, sir, to discuss the question. I
merely ask the gentleman from Alabama to allow
me to offer the amendment which I have indicated,
and peunit the House to vote upon it.
Mr. COBB. 1 will withdraw the demand for
the previous question for the present, and will
yield the floor to the gentleman from Tennessee
to offer his amendment. But I propose to say a
very few words in answer to the objections which
the gentleman has presented, before again demand-
ing the previous question.
Mr. JONES. I then move to strike out so
much of the substitute before the House—I think
it is the third section—as requires a person to settle
upon, make improvements upon, and furnish
proof of the fact, before entering land under this
bill.
Mr. COBB. I have given the gentleman from
Tennessee an opportunity of submitting the
amendment he has indicated, for the pprpose of
allowing the House the privilege of expressing its
wishes in reference to it. But, sir, I hope the
friends of this graduation measure will not further
crowd me in presenting additional obstacles in the
way of the speedy passage of this bill; because
it has been the friends of the measure, and not the
enemies, who have thus long delayed its passage.
I say it has not been the enemies of this measure
who have caused its delay—and I want the fact
to go to the country—because, as yet, not one op-
ponent to the bill has taken the floor in opposition
to it.
Now, one word in reference to the proposition
just presented by the gentleman from Tennessee.
Sir, what was the object of the graduation bill?
What is the object of the amendment which I
have this morning presented' It is to require
those who avail themselves of the benefits of the
act, to settle upon and cultivate the .and which
they enter. And what are the objections that
are being constantly made to this graduation bill?
What is the cry that we hear constantly raised, '
of corruption being daily practiced under the
operation of the original bill ? It is, that men are
permitted to enter land, upon which they do npt
settle, and which they never cultivate. I am not
aware that any such fraud, or corruption, has
been practiced in my section of the country, but
it is said, that it has been committed in other sec-
tions; and I desire, therefore, in common with
the other friends of this measure,lo place a guard
against the perpetration ef these frauds in the
future.
The gentleman from Tennessee proposes to
take away this guard, and to open those lands
to entry to any one in the same way they are
now thrown open. He moves to str'ke out the
section I have reported upon this subject. Well,
sir, if the House, fn the exercise of its wisdom,
decide that it should be stricken out, so be-it.
But if they believe that under the existing law
