176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3.
frauds are constantly being committed, and if they
wish to prevent the perpetration of these frauds
in future, then let them provide, as 1 have provided
in this bill, that no person shall be allowed to enter
land under the graduation bill until they have
settled upon and cultivated the same, except those
who own lands adjoining. You will then make
the benefits of the bill accrue only to the actual
settlers and cultivators, and to those who own
landa adjoining those they propose to enter.
Nov/, sir, I hope the House have heatd enough
upon this subject, i am ashamed that I have
occupied so much of their time, as I have felt com-
pelled to do, in the course of this discussion. I
ask their pardon for trespassing so much upon
their patience as I have done.
Mr. McMULLIN'. Will the gentleman from
Alabama yield me the floor for a moment?
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman desires to ask a
question, I will certainly not be so uncourteous as j
to refuse, but I hope the gentleman will not make '
a speech.
Mr. McMULLIN. I have no intention of
making a speech, but I wish to appeal to my friend
from Alabama, if he desires to so frame this bill
as to protect the actual settlers, not to permit the
gentleman from Tennessee to come in with his
amendment, which will defeat the object of the
bill.
Mr. COBB. Oh, I think we shall vote down
that amendment wiih all the ease imaginable.
Mr. McMULLIN. Now, I desire to aek the
gentleman from Alabama to accept an amendment
which shall preclude from the benefits of this bill '
any person who already owns three hundred and
twenty acres of land.
Mr. COBB. 1 will inform the gentleman that
there is n provision in the original bill wbMi does
not allow any person to enfer more than three
hundred and twenty acres at thegraduated price:!.
Mr. McMULLIN. Pl'OI' XT 73t1* I r> vi a 
gentleman from Tennessee has offered an amend-
ment to that substitute.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Would it not be
Precisely. But 1 am op
posed to any person being allowed to enter lands
under this lull, who already owns as much as
three hundred and twenty acres of land.
Mr. GOBI'. Mr. Speaker, I must insist upon
my right to the floor 
Mr. McMULLIN". I have ho desire to inter-
fere with the gentleman's rights, but I give him
notice, that if some such amendment is not made
I shall vote against the bill.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. I ask the per-
mission of the gentleman from Alabama to allow
me to offer an amendment, anil have a vote of the
House upon it.
[Cries of "Previous question !"|
Mr. COBB. I hope my friend from Missouri
will excuse me if I decline to yield further. 1
demand the pievimm question; and upon second-
ing the demand, I ask fur tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. IIillter,
and .Tones ol Louisiana, were appointed.
The House wan divided; and only thirty-five
voted in the affirmative.
So the previous question did not receive a second.
Mr. DAWSON. I now desire to offer an
amendment to this bill. I send it up to the Clerk's
desk, and ask that it may be lead.
The Clerk was proceeding to lead the amend-
ment, when
Mr. LETCHER (interrupting) said: I liseto
a question of order. 1 submit that that amend-
ment is a bill which in now pending before the i
House, and is not, therefore, in order as cn
amendment to this bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
from Pennsylvania proposes, if it be germane, in
heu of what I propose to strike out?
The SPEAKER, That would be an amend-
ment in a degree beyond what our rules recognize.
The Committee on Public Lands propose to
amend the bill, and the gentleman has offered an
amendment to that amendment, and another
amendment cannot be entertained.
Mr. JONES. Cannot i modify my amend-
ment? I understand that the amendment of the
committee in lieu of the original proposition is
pending; mine is an amendment to that. Would
it not be competent for me to move to strike out
and insert? That would be but one amendment.
Cannot I modify my amendment so as to insert
what the gentleman from Pennsylvania proposes?
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the gen-
tleman to modify his motion, orto withdraw it.
Mr. JONES. I will modify it so as to move to
strike out what I have proposed, and insert the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Tlie SPEAKER. Then the Chair will hear
the question o  order raised by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] in reference to the
amendment pi opot-ed by thegentlenian from Penn-
sylvania. What are the gentleman's objections ?
Mr. LETCHER. My objection to that amend-
ment is, that it i«? not germane to the bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is a substitute for it.
Mr. LETCHER. It is another distinct propo-
sition, and is now pending before the House in
another stage of its proceedings.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not yet heard
thf* amendment read, but understands from the
Clerk that it is not precisely the b:il pending before
the House; and, therefore, thut objection will not
lie under our rules.
Mr. LETCHER. I understand that the home-
stead bill came hack from the Senate with Senator
Hunt eii's substitute, and that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania offered a substitute for that substi-
tute. That is the proposition that he has now
sent to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let it be read.
The SPEAKER, if the gentleman from Vir-
ginia states the case correctly, the proposition of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania is nota bill, but
an amendment pending to another bill.
Mr. JONES Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia yield me the floor for a moment?
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir, I cannot, for I want
the Chair to decide the question wnether the j
amendment is germane to the bill.
Mr. JONES. And I wish to set the gentleman
right upon that very point.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr, JONES. The bill, called the homestead
j bill, which went from this House to the Senate,
! proposes to give to settlers net exceeding one hun-
i dred and sixty acres of land, upon condition of
| cultivation, without price. This proposition is to
| give to settlers, after five years' cultivation, the
| land at the rate of fourteen and a half cents an
: acre. Sir, it is not the same proposition. The
| one proposes to give land without price; the other ,
j to give it upon the payment of a price equal to the '
| prime cost of the land to the Government. If an !
1 arnendm
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has the floor upon the question of order.
The proposition submitted by the Committee on
Public Lands, is in reference to the disposition of
the public domain, and proposes to graduate and
reduce the prices of the public lands. This amend*
ment, as the Chair understands, proposes to
reduce the price a little further-—to fourteen and
a half cents an acre. At all events, it so connects
itself with the general disposition of the public
lands, by sale, that the Chair thinks the amend-
ment is in order.
Mr. DAWSON claimed the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON". I desire to have the amend-
ment read.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield the floor?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not ask him to do it.
i suppose the gentleman is not entitled to the floor
until the amendment has been read. When it has
been read, any gentleman wil! have a right to
submit a point of order to the Chair, and the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania cannot, by occupying
the floor now, deprive members of that right.
The SPEAKER. Certainly not, and the Chair
has not made any such decision whatever.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to hear the amend-
ment read, so that I may be able to judge if it is
in order.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be read,
at the demand of the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. HOUSTON. I make no demand. I ask
that it may be read, as I have a right to do.
Mr. HAMILTON. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that hesheuld move
to recommit the bill, so as to keep it before the
House, and then allow a motion to be made to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. His amendment can then be printed.
Mr. DAWSON. It has been printed.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 have not seen it, and it
is a very important amendment.
The Clerk then read Mr. Dawson's amend-
ment, [offered by Mr. Jones,] which is as fol-
lows:
Any free person who is the head of a family, or who has
arrived at the age of twenty one years, and is a citizen of
the United States, fhall, fiom and after the passage of this
a'-t, be entitled to enter, at the rate of fourteen and one
halt cents per acre, to be paid at the expiration of five years
fiom the date of bueli entry, one quarter section of vacant
and unappropiiated public lands, which may, at the time
the application is made, bo subject to private entry at one
dollar ami twenty-five cents per acre, or a quantity equal
I theicto, to be located in a body, in conformity with the
legal subdivisions of the puthc land^, and after the same
shall have been surveyed.
! Si:c. 2. slnd be it further enacted, That the person apply-
, in<r tor the benefit of this act, shah, upon application to the
; icgi.ster of the land office in winch he or she is about to
i jnaive snchentry, makeatfidavit before the saidregister that
i he or she is the head of a family, or is twenty-one years of
as?, and that Mich application is mado for his or her exclu-
sivc use and benefit, and tiioie specially mentioned in this
: act, and not either directly or indirectly for the use or ben-
, etii oi any other person or persons whomsoever; and, upon
; nuilnn^ the affidavit as above required, and tihrg ihe affi-
«a\it v,n  the register, he or f-iie shall thereupon be ner-
i n"u<;d,'° c,,ter ^ quantity of land already specified : Pro-
j vaU-d, /idwcvpr, J'hat no certrficaie shall be given, or patent
ls-ued tncrefor, until the expiration of five year* from the
date ot such ei.tiy; and if, at the expiration of such time,
the person making *Urh entry, or, j f he be dead, hw widow
oi, m case of her death, his heirs or devisee, or, in ca^e of
nf^T """V'S,™* enify. Her heirs or devisee, in ease
5- lia prove by two credible witnesses that fee,
( nt is in order, this certainly must be ger-
n mane, because the original proposition js to grad-
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania I; to secure to person?,1'umL" ee'rtsi'^rircu'mslancef
sente) another reason than that pre- |J lands at further reduced pnees; the amendme"
sented by the gentleman from Virginia. Ihe ' proposes to securethe richtto aU persons to enter
amendment ^proposed by the jremieman from; one hundred and sixty acres of land at the reduced
FnZ unm"ihJarul'-at T °i the l,roce!;11" Price of fourteen and a half cents.
ings upon the bill, in order, for the reason that. Mi. LETCIIER. As I understand the bill
now pendirg, it is simply a graduation bill, and
j, nothing more. Tiie gentleman's amendment pro-
!i P,osos substitute for that a regular bill, which
snail give to every head of a family so much land
Ihe only difference between it and the bill, as it
passed this House, is the proposition—which the
gentleman says is embraced in it—for the payment
of fourteen and a half cents per acre.
The SPEAKER. From the description of the f1
amendment a;iven by the gentleman from Ten- i
nessee, the Chair thinks that it is in order.
J 1 ave=n""."uei1 l° reside upon and cultivate
ih'pnm^i !h reS'lde uptm 'hf" aRd havo not
l n,"y pa" lheroof- lhen<in sucl> case,
' , or t"oy, snail be entitled to a patent, as in oiher
m3ihSAP|aV,'! !y law : 'or.idcd, flather, fi. case
01 the d.'attl Oi bolil lather and innih/>i- Uamru.
o ... tin nit, ita.MJM IUUI.
there is already an amendment to an amendment
pending-. ^ Whether it would be germane or no!,
23 a question that the Chair will not now decide.
Mr. DAWSON. My motion is to insert what
X have sent to the Chair in heu of the amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. Our rules do not recognize
any such course of proceeding.
Mr. DAWSON. Well, it is- in order, [ pre-
sume, to move to strike out the oiiirinal proposi-
and substitute mine for it.
ihe SPEAKER. There is now an amendment
pending in the nature of a substitute, and the
Mr. DAWSON. Then I have the floor upon I
the amendment. 1
£, . z   /utcuti, iii case
ath oi both lather arid mother, kpvmv an infant
.>r„in, .VC'",!il?i" m' twenty-one years of age, the riaht
1 Xi" 1' "iu,e t0 tl,c benefit of taid infant child,'or
eliildiui, and the ( seeutor, administrator, or guardian mav
, at any ,ime within two years a'ler the death of the surviv-
!I pf': ''n,dccco«iance with ihe laws of the state m
w lid) audi children for the tunc beinj have tllfir domicil
StlKi la!l I f'"' the benofltof said infants, but for 110 otVr
purpose; and the purchaser shall acquire the abwluie title
Slates."1"0"386 entitled to a patent from the United
Sec. 3 Jinihc. it farther enacted, That the register of
bool snan" 01**"? of T° f 6UCh ™ ««e tract-
anfJ of hi* ofnt-i1, and ke^n a roister of nil
Oflicp01!?,m!i,aild miak,fi rNuru tfu*rGo!" to the General Land
founded. pr00f upon wll,ch ,!les' have been
irSf c'l4' ~a,"d lejl furthcr enacted, That If, at any time
0fthif,aetSaL'l h "laVo a?r<,1l"rc,lJ in lht' second section
t < n 1 Hpira,i'>" of,he five years afore-
to ihL J J e l'"?™1) a er flue notice to the settler,
to the oatisfaction of tho regfctpr ofth* land ort'tcr that
ehiS°hfi'aVhg fii<,d.such affidavit shall havo aemally
for St Jh,nr ^evrreildf.nce> or abandoned the said entry
wr mare than six months at any lime, then am! m tw
event, the land so entered shall revert back to' the Govern-
