180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
it. That must be done, if we do not mean that
it shall go forth to the public as a mere mockery of
justice or gratitude to the men who, in the terms
of the bill, at any time since the foundation of the
Government, have performed.military service; for
the terms of the bill, as introduced by the honor-
able Senator from Pennsylvania, go that far. I
understand him to hase stricken out the proposition
which was in it, as originally presented, not to go
beyond the wars antecedent to 1790. There is
Bo limitation now as to time. I propose, sir,
that while these provisions of the bill stand in
the terms in which they are expressed, we shall
make it, in other respects, conformable to what
appears to be its spirit and intention. The amended
bill, which was printed and laid upon our tables
yesterday morning, provides that " each of the
surviving commissioned, and non-comrfiissioned
officers, musicians, and privates, whether of reg-
ulars, volunteers, rangers, sea-fencibles, or militia,
who were regularly mustered into the service of
the United States, and every officer, commis-
sioned, and non-commissioned, seaman, ordinary
seamaij, marine,clerk, and landsman, ia the Navy,
in any of the wars in which this country has
been engaged," &c., without any limitation as to
time, embracing all the wars from the revolu-
tionary conflict to this time, shall all be put upon
an equal footing. That is the spirit and apparent
intention of the act, and no one can come after-
wards and say that it was not made as broad as
were the claims for military service that have
existed from the Revolution down to this time.
It is perfect equality.
These terms, I contend, ought to be changed.
The act ought to be framed in reference to giving
relief where only, according to the other provisions
of the bill, relief or bounty can be bestowed, so that
there will be no delusive hope or expectation, no
promise of justice which cannot be rendered, as
it is fairly contained in it. Unless we mean to
do that, we ought further to provide, for example,
not only for the case of volunteers at Plattsburg,
alluded to by the Senator from Vermont, and to
those who actually performed service in the State
of Maine, on the occasion alluded to by the hon-
orable Senator from that State, but, Mr. Presi-
dent, you should recognize, though, perhaps, not
a single additional acre of bounty land should be
given under the other provisions of this act,
unless it be sufficiently changed, a body of men
who performed an act, not only of patriotism and
daring, and courage, but one of the most effective
acts in the revolutionary war. I allude to those
brave men from the western partof Virginia,from
what is now a part of the State of Tennessee, and
from the western part of North Carolina and
South Carolina, who fought the battle of King's
Mountain. You find 110 recognition, so far as I
know, in any pension bill or any bounty land
bill that has ever passed Congress, of any claim
upon the justice Or gratitude of this Government
in behalf of any of these men, whether officers
or soldiers, unless, perhaps, some of the officers
afterwards became officers in the regular Army,
from the distinction which they acquired upon
that occasion. Not one of those volunteers, and
patriots, and soldiers who, at the period of the
greatest depression in the revolutionary war, par-
ticularly in the South, achieved a victory which
reanimated the whole South, has thus been recog-
nized. They were a band of volunteers who
were not, perhaps, in the service more than thirty
days. They furnished their own horses, their
own equipments, their own supplies, their own
arms, and, congregating together by some iittle
concert, perhaps by private dispatches sent across
the mountains, in a few days they achieved the
victory of King's Mountain. There has been
no recognition of them by Congress in its bounty
acts. They were never called into the service;
they were never regulaily mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States. They were in service
a. less number of days than was limited by any
pension or bounty land act which passed during
the period of the Revolution, or since; and so, sir,
they are not known in the history of our enormous
pension arid bounty land establishments as ever
having performed military service in the country.
Although, perhaps, the mimberofthose patriots
■who would be enabled to come forward and em-
brace the provisions of this bill, as having per-
formed military services, would be very small, yet
it would be something to their descendants to have
it in their power to show that, although they were
not permitted to receive any benefits from the
enlarged bounty of the Government in the way of
pensions in money or in land, their forefathers
were among those who achieved the liberties of
the country and performed important services.
They were not enlisted, they were not called into
the service of the Government; they were not reg-
ularly mustered and considered as soldiers of the
country officially; but, nevertheless, they per-
formed more important services than tens of thou-
sands who have received the bounty of the Gov-
ernment, again and again, in a variety of forms.
Therefore, sir, unless the whole feature of this
bill, going back to that day, shall be changed, 1-
insist, as an act of justice to ourselves, that we
shalf not exclude those who performed such ser-
vices.
Again, Mr. President, this act goes on to pro-
vide that the parties who are to receive its benefits
shall have been regularly called into the service,
or regularly mustered into the service, in some
war. Well, sir, some of the most gallant achieve-
ments in the settlement of the western country, in
Kentucky and Tennessee, in Georgia, too, and
South Carolina, and in North Carolina, were per-
formed with the hostile tribes of Indians upon our
borders, both in the revolutionary war and after-
wards, down to 1795, by men in no proclaimed
war, no public war, known and recognized as such
by the Government, then or since. Some of them
may have been paid afterwards, and recognized
as having performed military services. They per-
formed important military services against a pub-
lic enemy of their settlement, of their borders, of
their States or Territories, and why exclude them ?
Will the Senator from Pennsylvania tell me that |
they ought not to be recognized for some of those
achievements which come down to a period much
later than the period of the Revolution, as I stated
before, down to 1790 and to 1794, besides many of
them antecedent to that period > Shall we refuse
to recognize them as having claims upon the bounty
i of the Government, because they were not called
into service by official authority ? In some cases
they were not even called out by State authority,
as was the case with the men alluded to by the
Senator from Maine. In some instances, upon the
frontiers, in the infant settlement of the country,
when they had no organized Government, there
were no officers to call them into service. They
had to fall to their arms and embody themselves
by general consent to repel invasion and carry the
war into the enemy's country; and surely they
ought not to be excluded.
I shall not detain the Senate by referring to any
of these wars. 1 propose an amendment which
will embrace the proposition of the honorable
f Senators from Maine and Vermont, or it can be
I modified so as to do it; and I think I can assure
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, that if
those men are recognized by this bill, it would add
but a few thousand acres to the amount which is
proposed to be appropriated by it. I propose,
therefore, sir, m the first section, after the words
" who were regularly mustered into the service of
the United States," to add " each of thesurviving
volunteers, officers, and privates in any war in
which the country has been engaged, who per-
formed military service, though not called out and
regularly mustered into the service of the United
States, and though such war was not at the time
| of such service, or at any time afterwards, pro-
! claimed or recognized as such by the United
| States," and then will go on the provision of the
| bill making the grant. I do not say that those
j Who banded themselves together, and went upon
I a fruitless search in quest of the enemy, or pene-
' trated into the country without finding them,
! should be included, but those who actually per-
formed military services; not those who were
enlisted or called upon or mustered into the ser-
vice only, and who performed no military service,
but those who actually performed military service.
I limit the amendment to them.
This amendment will embrace the case included
in that of the Senator from Maine. The men in
that case were called out by State authority, and
were afterwards recognized by the Government
anu paid by it, as 1 understand. My provision
will embrace them and all who have performed
military service. It will be necessary to insert
the amendment which I propose, in two places in
the first section. The section now reads:
" Be it enacted, Sic., That each of the surviving com-
missioned and non-commissioned office] s, musicians, and
privates, whether of regulars, volunteers, rangers, sea-
lencibles, or militia, who were regularly mustered into the
service of the United State?, and every otiicer, commis-
sioned amf non-commissioner!, seaman, ordinary seaman,
clerk, and land&rnan, in tile Navy, m any of tile wars in
which this country has been engaged, and each of the sur-
vivors of the militia, or volunteers, or State troops of any
State or Territory, called into military servicc, and regu-
larly mustered therein, and whose services have been paid
by the United States, shall be entitled to receive a certifi-
cate," &c.
The amendment which I propose, should be
inserted after the words, " who were regularly
mustered into the service of the United States,"
and again after the word " therein." I trust, sir,
that it will receive the favorable consideration of
the Senate. There will perhaps be very few who
will receive any land under it, but still we ought
to recognize the service which has been performed.
The PRESIDENT. That amendment cannot
now be received, as there is an amendment, and
also an amendment to that amendment, pending.
Mr. BELL. I bring it to the notice of the
Senate, with the hope that it will be accepted by
the Senator from Maine; as, if adopted, his will
1d6 useless.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Maine accept the modification ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that I
have any objection to the object of that amend-
ment; but t am fearful it will not cover the case
for which I desire to provide. I will, however,
modify my amendment by substituting the word
" employed" forthe words "called out," and by
striking out "and whose services have been paid
for by the United States;" and I am also willing
to accept the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Vermont.
The amendment, as modified, was read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say, with refer-
ence to the amendment of the Senator from Tennes-
see, that I am apprehensive it dcues not cover the
case which I desire to provide for, because it speaks
of those men who rendered service in any of the
wars of the United States. Now, theclass I speak
of cannot be said to have rendered service in any
war of the United States, for no such war was
existing at the time; and, therefore, they would not
be protected by the amendment of the Senator from
Tennessee.
1 will state the case again, and the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania, will see that my
amendment has no reference to that obnoxious
class of individuals to whom he has called the
attention of the Senate, although I supposed that
old story had been forgotten by almost everybody.
These persons were employed by the State, on a
'sudden emergency, to protect its frontiers against
incursions from the province of New Brunswick,
on the occasion of a difficulty arising out of the
contested territory question on that border. They
were employed by the State,'but were not strictly
received into military service. The State had no
time to call out the regular troops—no time to
organize any regular military force, for the defense
of the country. Consequently it was obliged to
receive, and glad to receive, volunteers to protect
the territory. These men were employed under
the authority of the State, and went to the scene
of action, and rendered servicesfor a considerable
period of time, until the militia arrived upon ths
ground.
Now, sir, under the operation of the treaty of
Washington, all that force, the armed force as
well as the regular military force, have been rec-
ognized as in the service of the United States, and
paid by the United States for their services. I
have, therefore, no objection to insert, as I have
done, at the end of my amendment, the words
which are in the original bill—that is, the words
" whose services have been paid for by the United
States." And, let rne say to the Senator from
Pennsylvania, since they have been thus recog-
nized, since they rendered more than thirty days'
service, and as his bill, as drawn by him, only re-
quired twenty-eight days' service, I see noground
upon which he can object to the amendment, see-
ing that they come within the whole of the descrip-
tion contained in the bill, saving the words " in
the military service of the United States." They
were rendering military service, but they were
not strictly called into service as military men,
although they were an armed force; and having
been recognized by the Government as having ren-
