1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
1 am opposed to the reestablishment of that yard,
or to the establishment of any other navy-yard.
However, I do not desire now to discuss the ques-
tion. I object to the proposition of the gentleman
from Tennessee.
Mr. STANTON. I beg leave to appeal to the
gentleman from Missouri to withdraw his objec-
tion to the course which I have thought proper to
take with reference to the communication received
from the President. I do not see how such a course
can possibly embarrass the naval appropriation
bill, or the gentleman. All that I ask is an op-
portunity to present the matter before the House.
If I should ask for its reference to a select com-
mittee, the probability is that I should not get an
opportunity to have the case acted upon. If it
.were referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and it were to come up separately and distinctly,
the probability is that it would never be acted
upon during the present session of Congress, and
X now say to the House that, if the course I
desire be adopted, I shall not detain the commit-
tee a single hour.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri indicates his purpose to adhere to his objec-
tion.
Mr. STANTON. Then I ask that the message
of the President be referred to a select committee
of five members of this House.
It was so ordered.
INTRODUCTION OF A BILL.
Mr. FENTON, on leave, introduced a bill, of
which previous notice had been given, " for con-
tinuing the improvements of the harbor of Dun-
kirk, in the State of New York;" which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SOLLERS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to make a motion for the purpose of
fixing a day for taking up a bill reported by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Ready,') from the
Committee of Claims. It is an act entitled " An
act further supplemental to an act entitled ' an act
to authorize the payment for property lost, cap-
tured, or destroyed by the enemy, while in the
military service of the United States,and for other
purposes.' " I simply ask that this bill be taken
up and made the special order for the 11th day of
January.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to a special order
being made.
Mr. SOLLERS. Oh, I thought as much.
[Laughter.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to report back, from the
Committee on Territories, a petition in reference
to the increase of the pay of officers in certain
Territories of the United States; and ask that it
may be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
It was so ordered.
CLERK FOR A COMMITTEE.
Mr. PULLER. The Committee on Commerce
has instructed me to ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resoh'ci!, That tile Committee oil Commerce he allowed
to employ a clerk for fifty days, at a compensation not ex-
ceeding four dollars per day.
Mr. SOLLERS. Does it not require the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce that reso-
lution ?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. SOLLERS. Then I object to it. I object
to everything out of order and call for the regular
order of business.
SWAMP LAND BILL.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
before the House is the disposition of the resolu-
tion introduced yesterday by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] closing debate on the
swamp land bill in one hour after the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union shall have
resumed its consideration of it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I withdraw the
demand for the previous question, and now move
that the debate be closed in two hours after its
consideration shall be resumed in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union; and on
that motion I call for the previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope the gen-
tleman from Tennessee will withdraw his call for
the previous question, and let the time for the
closing the deoate on the swamp land bill be
fixed ibr to-morrow at three o'clock.
Mr. JONES. To-morrow is private-bill day.
Mr. STEPHENS. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will consent to adopt the amendment I
•have suggested.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is very desir-
able to get rid of this bill to-day. Gentlemen are
not discussing its merits at all, and such being the
case, I think it is right and proper that we should
terminate the debate at the earliest point. This
general debate can be indulged in when some
other appropriation bill comes up.
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able.
Mr. STEPHENS. I trust that the House will
vote the resolution down.
The question was then taken upon the resolution,
and upon division, there were—ayes 68, noes GG.
Mr. STEPHENS demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Goode and Mace were
appointed.
The question was taken, and there were—ayes
69, noes 58.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was agreed to,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., inform-
ing the House that that body had passed bills of
the following character:
An act to incorporate the Mutual Insurance
Company of the District of Columbia; and
An act for the relief of C. E. Greneaux.
THE LAND BILL.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
before the House is upon the adoption of the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dawson,] yesttrday, to the
bill reported from the Committee on Public Lands,
to amend an act approved the 4th of August,
1854, entitled " An act to graduate and reduce
the price of the public lands to actual settlers and
cultivators," upon which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COX. Would it be in order to move to
suspend the rules, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman would not
be in order in making such a motion, unless the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dawson]
yields him the floor for that purpose. The gentle-
man front Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor, and
it cannot be taken from him except by his con-
sent.
Mr. COX. I understood the gentleman from
Pennsylvania as yielding the floor.
Mr. DAWSON. Not at all.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield me the floor for a moment,
in order that I may ask the unanimous consent
of the House to present a memorial from ex-Gov-
ernor Seymour and other gentlemen of the State
of New York, which requires immediate action, if
any action at all.
Mr. SOLLERS. I object.
Mr. COX. I would inquire of the Chair how
much of the morning hour has elapsed ?
The SPEAKER. About two minutes.
Mr. COX. I now understand that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania dSes not insist upon his
right to the floor this morning.
Mr. DAWSON. I will waive my right to the
floor for the present, claiming the right to address
the House hereafter, during the morning hour,
when this graduation bill comes up for considera-
tion.
Mr. COX. I now make the motion'that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to. *
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Orr in the chair.)
SWAMP AND OVERFLOWED LANDS.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee last
rose it had under consideration a bill for the relief,
of the purchasers and locators of swamp and o-'-er- \
flowed lands, and upon that question the gentle-
man from Mississippi [Mr. Harris] is. entitled to
the floor.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, here submitted
a few brief remarks in opposition to any proposed
mediation of this country, for the termination of
the Eastern war; and yielded to
Mr. BARKSDALE, who moved that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly the bill for the relief
of the purchasers and locators of swamp lands,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. SOLLERS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was taken; and the motion waa
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Okk in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill amendatory of the grad-
uation bill.
Mr. SOLLERS addressed the House in reply
to speeches heretofore made against the Know-
Nothing Order, by Mr. Barry and Mr. Keitt.
He advocated the purpose of this new organiza-
tion, so far as it might go to restrict the immigra-
tion to this country of foreigners, and of tneir
early enfranchisement a3 citizens of the United
States. He fully justified the right of this new
order to mature and perfect its organization upon
principles of secrecy, if it would give it more
power and potency to control the destinies of thia
country upon the basis of its principles. [His
remarks, withheld for revision, will be published
in the Appendixj
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Maryland a question. I understood him to
say that he was for leaving the question of slavery
where the Constitution left it. Am I correct?
Mr. SOLLERS. I think you are.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman then would
vote to restore freedom to Kansas.
Mr. SOLLERS. I do not acknowledge any
construction which the gentleman from Ohio
would place upon the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman - then backs
out of his position. Will not the gentleman reply
to the question I have propounded him?
Mr. SOLLERS. I will most cheerfully reply.
I have no desire to enter into a contest with the
gentleman from Ohio. It is a striking illustration
of the similarity of feeling between the two extreme
Carties of the country, that I should be interrupted
y a Secessionist of the South and an Abolitionist
of the West. That is What I want to tell my
people, when I go home. I believe they know
something about it already. But I am getting
exhausted, and must hurry to a conclusion. I
know nothing of the organization of the ICnow-
Nothing party, but I know this, that this Govern-
ment will be soon wrested from our hands, if we
do not arrest the immense immigration from Asia
and all parts of Europe setting in here from the
starvation and desolating wars that prevail there.
I know another thing, that this party is bent
upon preserving the Union of these States. 1 know
that we passed the crisis of 1820, when the Mis-
souri compromise was adopted.
I know another thing, that in 1839, we passed
through another crisis of a very different kind—a
crisis which threatened the dissolution of the
Union, through secession and nullification—a crisis
which was only averted, I undertake to say, what-
ever may have been his faults, by the honesty,
bravery, and patriotism of General Andrew Jack-
son, who at that time declared that "the Union
must and shall be preserved."
We passed through the crisis of 1850, when th 
fugitive slave law was adopted; and I trust that
we have passed through the crisis of 1854. I
know one thing, that politicians may attempt to
do what they choose, but there is a party behind
the politicians of this eountry who are pledged, as
their fathers were pledged, to maintain the Union
of these States, and they will do it at all hazards,
9«d under all c-irourostancee.
