184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
Mr. LETCHER obtained the floor.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the gentleman from
Virginia yield me the floor for five minutes, in
order that 1 may make an explanation?
Mr. LETCHER. If I do not lose the floor
thereby. I will yield the floor to the gentleman.
Mr. GIDDINGS. It was with the utmost sin-
cerity of purpose that I propounded the question
I did, a few moments since, to my friend from
Maryland, [Mr. Sollers.] I asked him-, m good
faith, whether he or his party would go to restore
freedom to Kansas and Nebraska. I did it from
the purest motives that ever found a place in my
heart. The gentleman had appeared here as a
champion of the "Know-Nothings," standing
forth as the exponent of the views and principles
of that party. In the sincerity of my heart, I
desired to know of him that single fact. When
he says, in general terms, that they would do
everything in their power to preserve this Union,
he avows nothing, he utters no doctrine, his decla-
ration means nothing, for ne man, here or else-
where, professes any other sentiment. When I
asked him, in plain and distinct language, will you
restore freedom to Kansas? he hauls down his
colors, beats a retreat, and shows the white feather,
and deigns no reply. He is not so well deserving
the appellation of" Know-Nothing," as of" Say-
Nothing." Are we to come here as Represent-
atives of the American people, avow ourselves as
champions of a party, and then hesitate to express
the sentiments of our hearts, and every emotion
of our inmost souls? Have not the people of the
United States an inherent right to know what
doctrines their public servants entertain, and that
in distinct and unmistakable language? If I hesi-
tate to avow any principle here, about which any
friend or foe, or even an angel from heaven,
might ask me to speak, 1 shall doit to deceive and
defraud some portion ofthe people. I can do it for
no other purpose than of deceiving, defrauding,
and misleading somebody; such must of necessity
be my object. I am a friend of the Know-Noth-
ings, so far as I am informed of then* policy.
[Laughter.] I have courted their friendship, and
1 liked them as far as they went with us; but
when they proclaim to the Union that they mean
to crush out Abolitionists and Secessionists in
order to preserve the Union at all hazards, he
should let us know upon what principles they
plant themselves. What doctrines do they enter-
tain ? Do they intend sustaining the doctrine
that all men are endowed by their Creator with
the inalienable right to freedom?
Mr. BARKSDALE. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio if the " Know-Nothings " and
the Anti-Nebraska party did not unite in that State
at the last election ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I do not know anything of
the kind; I had no knowledge of any "Know-
Nothing " lodge in Ohio before the election. If
there were any Know-Nothmgs in my district,
I trust they voted for me, as it would afford
most excellent proof that they kr.ow something.
[Laughter.]
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Ohio whether the Know-Nothing
party of Michigan, every single and solitary man
of them, did not vote for the Abolition ticket, a
ticket put in nomination solely and exclusively
as aa Abolition ticket?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will with the utmost
pleasure answer the gentleman, as I do, and will,
every gentleman. Sir, I knew not that there was
a Know-Nothing in the whole State of Michigan.
Mr. STUART. Well, I will ask the gentle-
man if, at the last election, every candidate upon
the State ticket, and every candidate upon the
congressional ticket, put in nomination by the
Whig and Abolition party in the State of Michi-
gan, were not notoriously members of the Know-
Nothing organization—every one of them? It
was never denied in that State.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I did indeed address a most
respectable audience in Michigan, and a more
intelligent audience I have seldom addressed or
seen. They were enthusiastic on the great prin-
ciples of freedom, of the rights of man, of the
doctrine of our fathers of 1776; and, furthermore,
I never heard it intimated, nor did I suspect, that
any of them were " Know-Nothings," or had
ever seen a Know-Nothing.
I rose here, not to make war upon any man or
party, or to make a speech, but to call out the
doctrines and the policy of the party represented
by the gentleman from Maryland. I wish to
know what they are; the people desire to under-
stand their principles—their objects, on the great
question now agitating the nation, on the question
which has driven the old parties to the wall, which
has overthrown both the Whig and Democratic
organizations; which has scattered them to the
four winds of heaven. Does the gentleman, or
liis associates, suppose they can putdown therev-
olution now going forward ? Will they attempt
to divest the public mind of its love of justice, of
liberty, of the rights of humanity, which gave the
North such a triumph at the recent elections ?
Will he, or his party, waive the wand of political
forgetfulness over.those advocates of liberty who
have so long stood forth as the champions of the
constitutional rights of the free States ? Are their
lips now to be sealed on this question of freedom
in Kansas and Nebraska? When that subject is
mentioned, are they to place their fingers on their
lips and keep silence ? Why, sir, it is most un-
fortunate for that party, that my friend from
Maryland [Mr. Sollers] has thus stood mute on
'so important a question. He talks of maintain-
ing the Union, but how are they to do it? Is it to
be effected at the sacrifice of the Constitution ? I
had hoped and expected the gentleman would
have frankly answered the interrogatory. He
was at perfect liberty to talk about brushing out
Abolitionists, and all that sort of thing; but I
desire to know how they are to act on this great
issue, on which such a glorious victory was
achieved at our late election ? Sir, as he refused to
answer this plain and simple question, will not
all men, North and South, refuse to join him ? Are
freemen to go into this organization blindfolded ?
I think not. This policy of cheating the people has
been repudiated. It cannot be renewed nor prac-
ticed at this day. I am glad I asked the question.
The gentleman confesses himself unwilling to
inform the people of the principles of the party to
which he is attached. I will, therefore, look to
some other member to do, and trust it will be done,
before further pretensions are put forth by them.
Mr. LETCHER, (interrupting.) Has not the
five minutes of the gentleman nearly expired ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Certainly,certainly; I yield
the floor.
Mr. KEITT. I ask the indulgence of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, to allow me to say a word
or two.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 like to ljeaccommodating,
for I really think it is a question whether anybody
will now be willing to listen to a speech upon the
subject of swamp lands. [Laughter.]
Mr. KEITT. The gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Sollers] has introduced here what he is
pleased to call the northern extreme and the
southern extreme in conjunction. This, sir, is a
matter of taste, and, when not connected with any
thing personal and offensive, may be allowed to
pass. He spoke of nullification and secession,
and said the Know-Nothings were opposed to
them as violently as to Abolitionism. Sir, I accept
the admission. As my fiiend from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] has yielded me the floor only for a
moment, I shall only make a few remarks upon
nullification and secession.
Sir, the principle of nullification has been ex-
pounded and illustrated by the noblest intellects
of my State. It has been illustrated and expounded
by Calhoun, Hayne, McDuffie, and Preston, and
that host of great minds which poured splendor
upon the annals of Carolina in '32. Sir, it was a
party of brave men and free men. In times of
trouble and danger, South Carolina had made
heavy sacrifices of blood and treasure for ihe
Union; but when insufferable wrong was inflicted
upon her, she took her safety into her own hands,
and gathered her children around her to redress
her wrongs, and maintain her rights and sover-
eignty. Yes, sir, she gathered together her sons
to defend her rights, and strike this Government
if it dared to invade her. This, sir, she did openly,
in the eye of the sun. She did not gather them in
midnight hour, and in subterranean caves, to con-
ceal her purpose, and strike with a stiletto. No
Catiline was there, with brand and dae-ger, fester-
ing in midnight conspiracy, and in Senate Hall
next day, when disclosures were made, professing
to be" Know-Nothing." Sir, she rallied hersons
under her own sovereign flag, and whoever was
the foe of that flag was their foe. {n this struggle, |
sir, South Carolina yielded not her rights and
sovereignty. Thus much for nullification.
Now, sir, for secession. 1 was a member of that
party. In 1850, I advocated the policy of South
Carolina interposing fier sovereignty as a shield
between her citizens and the outrages of this Gov-
ernment. The spirit of resistance to Federal ag-
gressions.was universal throughout the State, but
we differed as to the " mode and measure" of
redress. Sir, I advocated the policy of secession,
and the principle lying at its foundation—the
principle of State sovereignty—I will defend to
the last. The policy of the secession party was,
in virtue of State sovereignty, to retire from the
Federal compact, and, if you dared to assail us, to
meet you upon the open field, to meet you with
bow and brand, and fight out the quarrel. Sir, I
owe allegiance to my State, and only through her
to the Federal Government. Whenever she recalls
that allegiance, I have no further connection with
the Federal Government, and I scorn your clam-
ors, and trample upon your hosannas to the Union.
Sir, I regret that the member from Maryland
has introduced the nullification and secession party
in juxtaposition with the Abolition party; but, as
hehas unequivocally disclaimed anything personal
or offensive, I shall make no personal reply to
him. 1 only desire to say to the House, that I
was a member of the secession party of South
Carolina, and whoever says aught against the
honor or character of that party, I will answer
with a monosyllable.
Mr. LETCHER. We have been nominally
considering a bill here for some three or four
days, which proposes to settle important ques-
tions in regard to swamp lands claimed by the
States under a donation by the Federal Govern-
ment in 1850, but I imagine that there are proba-
bly not five members in the House who have
thought of it since this discussion commenced.
I have been giving my attention to it because it is
one of my rules, when I have anything to say,
to address it to the subject under consideration;
and as I believe this is a matter of considerable
importance in connection with the public lands, I
have determined that the remarks I have to make
shall be directed to that issue, and none other.
It will be recollected that, on the 28th of Septem-
ber, 1850, an act was approved by the President
of the United States, which donated to the State
of Arkansas, and other land States, certain pub-
liclands, therein denominated swamp and overflowed
lands. I beg leave to call the attention of the
House to some of the provisions of that law,
before I undertake to allude to some of the diffi-
culties which have grown up under the construc-
tion that has been given to it.
The first section of this act explains very dis-
tinctly what the object of the act is. It reads
thus: ■
u That to enable the State of Arkansas to construct the
necessary levees and drains to reclaim the swamp and over-
flowed lands therein, the whole of those swamp and over-
flowed lands made unfit thereby for cultivation, which shall
lemain unsold at tlie passage of this act, shall be, and the
same are hereby, granted to said State."
Now, it is as plain and palpable as language can
make it, that the object of making this donation
was to give to States those lands which was sub-
ject to be overflowed, and, which, in consequence
of such overflowing, were, to some extent, preju-
dicial to the health of the neighborhood; in order
that, by giving them to the States, they might be
reclaimed and brought into such a condition that
the country would be relieved from the danger of
disease, and that the lands might be rendered valu-
able. The act itself limits the lands which are to
be donated, and specifies the objects for which
they are to be donated, showing that the limit was
clearly and distinctly understood, and that the
object of the grant was clearly and accurately-
expressed.
But if there is any doubt from the first section
of this act, the second section places it beyond all
controversy. It reads thus:
^ " That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, as soon as may be practicable, after the passage of
this net, to make out an accurate Hit and plats of the lands
described as aforesaid, and transmit the same to the Gov-
ernor of the State of Arkansas, and at the request nf caid
Governor cause apatent to be issued to the State therefor;
and on that patent the fee simji'e to sard hinds shall rest, HI
the said State of Arkansas, subject to the disposal of the
Legislature thereof: Provided, howerer, That the proceed*
of said lands, whether from sale or by direct appropriation
in kind, shall be applied successively, as far as necessary,
