1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
to the purposes of reclaiming said lands by means of the
levees and drains aforesaid."
Weil, now, what was the object ? Aslunder-
stand it, the surveyors, in making their plats of the
land, Said down such as were swamp and such as
, were lands fit for cultivation. And I take it for
granted that when Congress passed this law, it
designed that this information, given to the Gov-
ernment by the surveyors, should be presented to
the States, to enable their Governors, or other
agents, to select the lands which Congress intend-
ed to donate to the said States.
Mr. COBB. I will state to the gentleman from
Virginia that I voted for that swamp land act.
When the question was pending before the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, the amount of land stated
by the gentleman, was stated to be the true
amount all the States concerned would receive.
Mr. LETCHER. Was the report from the
Commissioner of the General Land Office?
Mr. COBB. It was. The statement was from
the Land Office, and was submitted by the friends
of the bill. So I want the gentleman to under-
stand that, on this point, I am with him.
Mr. LETCHER. I amglad to hear it. Now,
I should like to know whether the gentleman is
with me on another subject. Has Alabama taken
any land not swamp land—and if so, how much >
Mr. COBB. As the gentleman from "Virginia
has heretofore generally mistrusted all my move-
ments, 1 am now desirous of obtaining his good
will and confidence. Therefore, so long as I
can act consistently with him, I shall do so. In
Alabama there were four hundred thousand and
odd acres of land reported to be swamp lands.
That State, out of that amount, has only pre-
sented two thousand acres as swamp land. Have
we done our duty ?
Mr. LETCHER. Have you quit demanding
the land ?
Mr. COBB. I think that weought to, forit is not
worth demanding. And, with the gentleman's
permission, I will add that, according to the opin-
ion of the Secretary of the Interior, which I have
always deprecated, had the lands in Alabama been
unsold, and the surveys "continued according to
the rules prescribed and carried out in other States,
according to the doctrine of periodical overflow,
that State would get eight millions of acres, some
of which are now worth ten, twenty, and fifty
dollars the acre.
Mr. LETCHER. I am apprehensive, in the
end, from the disposition manifested by the gen-
tleman, that he will be likely to claim ail to which
Alabama is entitled under any rule adopted by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Mr. COCB. Weshallclaim none of it, because
none of it is worth taking. Our Legislature even
refuses to act on the subject.
Mr. LETCHER. If it is entirely worthless, I
do not blame the State in not taking it.
Well, sir, this law goes on to recite that when
these plats shall be furnished to the Government,
patent shall issue to the State therefor, and on that
patent the fee-simple to said land shall vest in said
State of Arkansas, subject to the disposal of the
Legislature thereof. This law has been so con-
strued, I learn from the action of the Interior De-
partment, as to claim a fee-simple title in these
lands from the 28th of September, 1850, when the
act was approved by the President. ITow that
construction could have been given to it, is what I
cannot for my life imagine.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
like to know what the gentleman understands the
■words of the act, " these lands are hereby grant-
ed," were intended to mean?
Mr. LETCHER. I imagine that lands "hereby
granted " do not vest a title in the State until the
State gets a patent for it. By the second section
of the act it is provided that the plats and certifi-
cates of survey in the land office, shall be fur-
nished to the Governors of the said States, to enable
them to make a designation, and to report to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office the
precise lands the Government of the United States
shall issue patents for. Now, how title can vest
in lands not yet ascertained either in their loca-
tion, or their quantity, is to me extraordinary.
But again: according to the position of my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,] if the lands are
to be taken as having their fee-simple title vested
from the passage of the act of 28th September,
1850, why is it that other land than that desig-
nated on the returns of the surveyor to the land
office as swamp land, are claimed and held by
these States ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will answer the gentle-
man, so far as I have information on the subject.
I understand, that by the law passed as early as
1785, surveyors of the public land were directed
to make notes on their plats of the quality of the
land, whether it was or not fit for cultivation.
That law has generally been complied with; but
in some cases its requisitions have been neglected;
surveyors have made no such note on their plats.
In such cases, evidence was received at the Land
Office from competent witnesses in regard to the
swamp land.
Mr. LETCHER. I understand that the action
of the Land Office is not confined to the precise
line laid down by the gentleman from Illinois. It
seems from the quantity of land claimed as swamp
land since 1850, that Professor Espy has been
required in the northwestern and southern land
States to furnish a sufficient quantity of rain to
keep the whole country submerged, and this may
account for the fact, to some extent,jjf our short
crops in Virginia. [Laughter.] \re had very
little rain there last year, and I account for it by
this swamp land controversy. I understand that
the demand for rain was confined to the land
States, claiming under the swamp land act.
[Laughter.]
But let us go on and look at this law, and see
how it could be misconstrued in the manner in
which it has been misconstrued under this decision
of the Department of the Interior. Here is the
third section, which would seem, if anything
could do it, to cut off all opportunity of miscon-
struction and avoid everything like difficulty in
ascertaining the precise limits.
" Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in malting out
a list and plats of the iantl aforesaid, all legal subdivisions,
the greater part of vhich is 1 wet and unfit for cultiva-
tion^ shall be included in said list and plats; but when die
greater part of a subdivision is not nf that character, the
whole of it shall be excluded therefrom."
That indicates the kind of overflowed land re-
ferred to. Lands along a stream which now and
then overflows its banks, I take it, are not in-
cluded. When lands back from the stream, and
lower than those on it, are overflowed, they are
not, certainly, to be claimed up to the stream, as
swamp ltwids. For example, say thatin six hun-
dred and forty acres there should be one hundred
acres wet, and subject to overflow, under the pro-
visions of this section, that land is expressly
excluded from reservation under the act. If, out
of six hundred and forty acres, there are three"
hundred and thirty wet, and subject to overflow,
this section would be included under the provisions
of the grant to the Slate. Do not these terms seem
to settle the whole question, to advise clearly and
distinctly the manner in which this land should be
selected ? And how there could be a controversy
about it, is to me extraordinary. It could be
ascertained easily by the surveyor, or agent of
the estate, whether a majority of a section was
wet, or overflowed, or whether less than half of
that section was subject to overflow. They should
have ascertained whether a lej&l subdivision had
on it more wet and overflowed land unfit for cul-
tivation, than land that was not ovei flowed, and
therefore, fit for cultivation, in the eye of the law.
There should be no difficulty in ascertaining it.
But, strange to tell, according to the report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, there
are one hundred and twenty-four thousand cases
of conflict between persons who have gone into
these States and located lands, and the claimants
under the State government.
Now, sir, can you imagine—can anybody
imagine, under the terms of this law, how any
controversy should have arisen? I cannot see
how any can arise; because if they made a per-
sonal examination, it seems to me all controversy
would be avoided. But if they did not make a
personal examination, then I do not think they
construed the law in such a manner as it should
have been construed, and as the Congress which
passed it designed it should be construed. Sir,
Congress certainly never intended, in making this
donation, to place in the hands of the States abso-
lute power to extend or limit it as they pleased.
It was intended, in carrying out the law, that
there should be representatives of the Federal Gov-
ernment as well as of the State governments, and
that through this joint representation the precise
extent of the grants'should be ascertained. The
results of their examinations should then be re-
ported to the General Land Office, and the patent,
to which the States are entitled under the donation
act, should be granted.
But,notwithstanding all this, the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, in his report, which
was presented to Congress at the opening of the
present session, shows that there are one hundred
and twenty-four thousand conflicting cases.
Mr. HENN. Do I understand the gentleman
to say that conflict has arisen in one hundred and
twenty-four thousand cases?
Mr. LETCHER. I said tKe Commissioner of
the General Land Office reports that number of
conflicting cases.
Mr. HENN. I wish to correct the gentleman
from Virginia. He states that there are one hun-
dred and twenty-four thousand cases of conflict
between the States and the purchasers of swamp
lands. The Commissioner's report shows that
there are one hundred and forty thousand sus-
pended patents, but all these.suspensions are not
on account of conflicting claims—there are that
many suspended because the Commissioner does
not know which conflict and which do not.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well, there are one hun-
dred and twenty-four thousand cases of suspended
patents. How was this state of things brought
about? I will refer you to one case which has been
-brought to my notice. A gentleman went to the
State of Illinois, and regularly bought a tract of
land in the State of Illinois, he being a man of fine
judgmentand perfectly conversant with all matters-
connected with agriculture. I say that since the
act of 1859 was passed, he went to Illinois and
made a personal selection of one thousand two
hundred and eighty acres, I believe, but when he
returned to secure his patent at the land office, he
found that his whole tract was claimed by the
State as swamp land.
A single word in addition and I have done. I
have drawn up a bill, which I propose to offer as
a substitute for the bill now under consideration;
and it seems to me that my bill covers everything
that ought to be asked for. It is composed of two
sections. I send it to the Clerk's desk, and ask
that it may be read.
The bill was then read, as follows:
lie it enacted, <5*c., That tile President of the United
Slates cause patents to be issued, as soon as practicable, to
the purchaser or purchasers, locator or locatois, who have
made entries of the public lands claimed as swamp lands,
either with cash, or with land warrants, or willi scrip, piior
to the issue of patents to the State or States as provided
for bv the second section of the act approved September
28, 1850, entitled " An'aci to enable the State of Arkansas
and other States to reclaim the swamp lands willun their
limits," any decision of the Secretary of the Interior, or
any other officer of the United States, to the contrary
notwithstanding.
Sec. 2. Jtnd be it further enactcd, That upon due proof
by the authorized agent of the State or States, before the
Commissioner ot the General Land Office, that any oi the
lands purchased or located were swamp lands within the
true intent and meaning of the act aforesaid, the purchase-
money shall he paid to the State or States; and where the
I audi have been located by wanant or scrip, the said State
or States shall be authorized to locate a quantity of like
amount upon any of the public lands subject to entry at
SI 25 per acre, or less, and patents shall issue therefor on
the terms and conditions enumerated in the aot aforesaid:
Provided, houever, that the said decisions of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office shall be approved by the
Secretary of the I nterior.
Mr. LETCHER. There is one other matter
in connection with this subject to which I desire
to call the attention of the committee. It seems
to me that, if the same course had been pursued
by the other States that was taken by the State of
Indiana, there would have been no need of any
legislation upon th'e subject. Upon the 14th day
of February, 1853, a bill was introduced by the
gentleman from Indiana, who sits before me, [Mr.
Davis,] to settle the conflicts which existed be-
tween the Federal Government and the State of
Indiana. After that bill had been discussed for
some time in the House, it was laid upon the table
by a very considerable majority. Well, sir, since
that refusal upon the part of Congress to take
action upon the subject, the whole controversy
between the State of Indiana and this Govern-
ment has been settled withoutconflictordifficulty.
And I understand that, in that State, from that
day to the present, there has not been the slightest
difficulty with regard to the issuance of patents to
purchasers and locators under the swamp land act.
Well, now, sir, if the difficulty could be adjusted
