188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
then without legislation, why can it not be now
in other States? If it could be adjusted then, two
or three years after the "passage of the act, why
can it not be adjusted twelve months later ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gentle-
man from Virginia will allow me, I will suggest
an amendment which, I think, will meet with his
approval-. I would suggest that, in the second
section of his'substitute, instead of requiring the
proof to be taken to the General Land Office, he
should allow it to be taken before the local land
officers, and that it shall be subject to their ap-
proval.
Mr. LETCHER. I will tell the gentleman
why I do not think the question should be decided
- by the local land officers. These officers are not
judicial officers. They have had no experience in
judicial affairs. They know nothing with regard
to the rules of evidence. Judicial decisions should
be pronounced by those whose education, inform-
ation, and experience, properly qualify them to
settle such questions wisely, and according to the
law. They should understand the lav/ and the
rules of evidence. It does not seem to me that
there can be any great deal of difficulty imposed
upon the State governments by requiring them to
procure testimony in reference to these lands, and
transfer it to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office for his adjudication upon the case
presented. Besides, in these cases of conflict of
jurisdiction between the United States and the
States, the decisions in reference to them ought to
be kept on file at the General Land Office, for the
purpose of being referred to in case of any diffi-
culty or controversy, in reference to the lands,
that may hereafter arise.
Now, sir, in reference to these registers and
receivers, how many of them are judicial officers?
How many of them know anything about a
judicial construction of law? How many of
them can tell. whether a decision is legal or
illegal, or draw the distinction between legal evi-
dence and illegal evidence? Now, I think these
questions ought to be submitted to a man
who is competent to judge, who is placed in a
position where his judgment may be brought into
action in adjusting those questions, and who has
been selected, to some extent, from the judicial
character of his mind. That is my view. Now,
I will give way for a moment to the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. DISNEY. I feel altogether too unwell to
attempt any extended remarks in reuard to the bill
now before the committee. But jt may be as well,
for the information of the House, for me to state
the facts which the gentleman from Virginia does
not seem to be possessed of. All those provisions
of the statute, referred to by the gentleman, in
regard to the ascertainment of what particular
lands come within the meaning of the act, have
been faiihfully and literally carried out by the
Land Office. Perhaps more ri^id instructions
were never devised nor issued, by any Department
of this Government, than those issued in relation
to the lands coming within the terms of this
particular act. Instructions were given to the
surveyors of the Land Office, that they should,
from, personal observation, certify to the particular
facts provided tor in the statute. A I! the pre-
cautions have been taken which the act required
should be taken. The rigorous character of the
instructions, requiied this personal observation in
regard to the character of each particular legal
subdivision. But, notwithstanding all that, these
cases of conflict have arisen.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, if the surveyors did
their duty, how could these conflicts arise? If
they reported the facts in regard to the character
of those legal subdivisions to the Government and
to tiie Register of the Land Office, how could any
conflict occur v/itli anyone who wentfiom another
quarter to make his selection ?
Mr. DISNEY. I was about proceeding to
explain that.
Mr. STANTON,of Tennessee. Willthegen-
tleman from Virginia allow me to state a fact?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir; if it will not take
too long
Mr. STANTON. I simply desire to state that,
m the region of country surrounding Memphis,
instances have occurred in which individuals, in
order to be secure, have felt themselves under the
necessity of entering certain tracts of land both
with military bounty land warrants, and also
with swamp land scrip. So uncertain has it been,
that, in order to make the thing absolutely secure,
they have been compelled to enter their lands in
both ways.
Mr. LETCHER. Well then, sir, according to
the gentleman from Temnessee, the whole difficulty
arises from tke fact that people cannot tell whether
the half of a legal subdivision of land isoverflowed
and wet, or Whether it is dry 1 Now, is it not most
remarkable that they cannot tell that, when the law
expressly declares that if less than half of a legal
subdivision is w^t, then it is not to be included,
and that if there is more than half wet, it shall be
included? Does the gentleman mean to tell me
that the men who go there to look at the land
cannot tell that fact?
Mr. DISNEY. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will permit me, I will now go on with my
explanation.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, be brief.
Mr. DISNEY. I have said that the Land Of-
fice has taken the precautions which I have spoken
of, and that, notwithstanding those precautions,
these cases of conflict have arisen. Now, the
Land Office ■has been impressed with the belief that
great and enormous frauds have been perpetrated
under cover of that act. Something like sixty
million acres of land have already been applied
for and claimed. The Land Office, in common
with myself, are disposed to go all proper lengths,
in order to restrain and curtail those demands
within the legitimate limits of the law. Both the
Land Office and myself are resolute in setting our
faces against these things. There is no objection,
so far as I understand it, to the substitute offered
by the gentleman from Virginia. Itis substantially
the same as the bill now pending, with one or two
immaterial alterations.
Mr. LETCHER. No, it 13 not,
Mr. DISNEY. In all these cases of contro-
versy at the Land Office between the States and
individual purchasers, the burden of proof is
thrown by the original bill entirely upon the
States.
Mr. LETCHER. My bill does exactly that
same thing.
Mr. DISNEY. Well, I say that your substi-
tute is identical with the original bill.
Mr. LETCHER. No, it is not.
Mr. DISNEY. Some slight immaterial varia-
tions alone excepted. .
Mr. LETCHER. There is a very material
variation in reference to the character of the officer
who is to decide these questions of conflict.
Mr. DISNEY. The Land Office now under-
takes to decide these questions, and when the land
has been assigned to individuals, requires the
State to determine the opposite side of the case.
Mr. LETCH Ell. So far as the bill now pend-
ing is concerned, it refers all judicial questions to
the registers of the land office scattered through-
out these States.
Mr. DISNEY. They are to report the facts to
the Land Office.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, that is the same thing.
But my bill proposes to bring the cases directly
upon evidence to this officer who has decided them
heretofore, and who, I think, ought to decidethem
now, and then as an additional safeguard, it pro-
vides that the decisions of the Commissioner of
the Land Office shall be approved by the head of
the Interior Department.
Mr. DISNEY. I have no objection to that at
all. One other remark, and I shall have done.
The gentleman takes exception to the decision of
the Land Office—to the construction given by the
Department of the Interior to the terms of the
grant. The Department of the Interior held that,
by the terms of the act, the equitable interest
vested in the States from the date of the act,
though the legal title may not have passed to the
States until the issuance of the patents.
Mr LETCHER. I understand all that.
Mr. DISNEY. The Land Office has given that
construction, which 1 presume any lawyer would
give who should sit down and examine the act.
But as the facts stand, it is very desirable that
some adjustment should be made of these conflict-
ing claims, amounting, as the gentleman from
Virginia has told us, to over one hundred thou-
sand, notwithstanding all the precautions of the
Land Office. In many instances, lands are claimed
which are clearly and distinctly not within the
terms of the act.
Mr. LETCHER. Precisely. I concur with
the gentleman in the opinion that there are claims
set up for lands which do not come within the pro-
visions of the act, and that the very claims thus
set up have created all the conflicts which are
now the subjects of difficulty, requiring legislative
remedy.
Now, sir, I think that my bill guards all these
points, and will probably prevent,if it be adopted,
this conflict in time to come. Certain it is that
something ought to be done to put an end to it.
The gentleman says that fifty millions of acres
have been already claimed as swamp lands under
this grant, and that, owing to the construction
which is given to it, that the title vested at the
time of the passage or approval of the act, the
States claim a right to the lands from that day
forward, and that conflicts follow, as a necessary
consequence, with all the claimants who go on
that land. Now, one of two things is true; either
that act, when it passed, vested all the lands in
the States, or it vested a part of the lands—the
overflowed portions, which were not designated,
which could not be designated, and for which no
patent could then be claimed. Now, Congress
could not have donated all, yet all may be claimed,
under the views presented by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Disnet,] under instruction from the
Department of the Interior. I think that the
Department is wrong. I think that that interpre-
tation of the act is, to a very great extent, a cause
of the difficulties that have arisen in the matter;
and I think that claimants have no right to get one
foot of these lands until they can produce evidence
to the Government of the United States that they
are bona fide owners. If they are held to their
proofs, then it is entirely plain and simple. But
I was willing to go beyond that. I was willing to
allow that where lands are claimed by parties,
and when these parties can bring themselves, on
legal principles, before the Commissioner, aid
demonstrate that fact, then they shall be allowed
—if cash has been paid—to receive the cash from
the State treasury; or, if the land has been entered
by scrip or land warrants, they shall be allowed to
enter a like quantity of land elsewhere, at the
price of jjl 25 per acre, or less.
The only thing complained of, 1 think, is, that
some of the gentlemen from western States think
that the conditions imposed in the bill I have
offered, are rather hard terms; they think it hard
to be required to come to Washington to have
their claims decided, and that I ought to be more
liberal and allow this thing to be done at home. 1
will tell gentlemen the reason why I do not want
this thing to be done at home. It is a reason
which operates in my own State also. There are
a great many tracts of land in my own State which
are the subject of controversy, and no man ven-
tures to go into the State courts to have the matter
settled. And why? Because of the adverse feeling
of the neighborhood; because thelocal pndeof the
neighborhood, because the local attachment of the
neighborhood binds the parties together and denies
to the parties claiming an opportunity to secure so
fair a tract as they could receive in the Federal
court, where the cause would be removed from the
immediate neighborhood, and where the parties
interested can get a fair trial. Now, I want this
matter removed from the brotherhood; I want it
removed from this new State association; I want
to have it brought here before a disinterested per-
son who lias the capacity to examine the case,
who understands the law of the case, a nil who
will be free from all bias and influence of every
kind, that he may examine the matter, and pro-
nounce such judgment as will do justice, not only
to the State, but to the United States. That is all
1 want.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I regret that the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] has taken a
course which, I think, is hostile to the new States.
However, it is common for him, on all questions
concerning the disposition of the public lands, to
attack the western States in some mode or other.
, v® n° d°ubt that he does this on principle,
and that he has no other object in view, except in
his place to guard against an improvident dispo-
sition of the public lands. 1 trust he entertains
no unlcind feelings toward the new States, or that
he is jealous of their prosperity. It strikes me,
however, that everything which is contained in
his bill is now strictly carried out and observed
by the regulations of tHte Department in this city.
