1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
According to my understanding of the matter,
every proposition the gentleman from Virginia
proposes, is now strictly adhered to by the Land
Office, so far as,the adjudication of conflicting
claims is concerned. It is unfortunate that these
difficulties have grown out of this grant, but they
should be settled in the shortest and most conve-
nient mode. It is unfortunate, perhaps, that the
act granting these swamp' lands to the States in
which they are .located was not more explicit—
so much so as to have left nothing for construc-
tion. Now, I understand the gentleman to say
that too much land has been taken under the pro-
visions of this bill. I deny, that by any fair con-
struction of theact, that any more lands have been
confirmed to Arkansas than she was entitled to
demand by the bill.
Mr. LETCHER, (interrupting.) If the gen-
tleman from Arkansas [Mr. Greenwood] will
allow me one moment, 1 will say that my-com-
plaint is prejicated on the report of the Commis-
sioner of the Land Office; I have no knowledge
about it myself,
Mr. GREENWOOD. I understand that. It
has, however, been complained of by the gentle-
man from Virginia, that all the land on which rain
has fallen since 1850 have been claimed under the
provisions of this bill. I shall not attempt to
reply to that portion of the gentleman's argument.
I am aware that,-in all probability, theremay have
been abuses committed under the act, in some of
the States. I know of no such attempts in Ar-
kansas. And, as a general thing, so far an my
knowledge extends, tfie law has been cariicd out
strictly and accurately,according to the intentions)
of Congress. Not, pet-haps, according to the
gentleman's notions of right. It is not, expected,
sir, that the State of Arkansas, or any othir of the
land States, would have accepted of a mere dnck
pond. No, sir; none of them would have accep'ed
of land entirely covered with water. The Slate
of Arkansas would have accepted of no such
grant from this Government. Such acceptance
- would have entailed upon the States the expen. e
of leveeing and draining the lands so as to make
them susceptible of cultivation, at a cost of ten
times their value; and it could not be expected
that the States would be subjected to this expendi-
ture for the benefit of the General Government
without, the hope of compensation. By (Irsitmnjr
the swamp lands, the adjacent Government lands
Would, of course, be greatly enhanced in value,
but the States would not be benefited. Undtr
such circumstances could any person reasonably
suppose that the States would accept-any such
donations ?
It has been properly said by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Disney] that, by eveiy fair rule
of construction, ell the swamp lands of the Slate,
thegreaterpartofwhic.il are subject to overflow,
and are thereby rendered unlit. forculiivaHon, were
bestowed to the States within whose Hants they
are embraced, immediately upon the approval of
the swamp land bill by the President. Therecan
be no question with respect to that construction.
No lawyer would risk his reputation by givingthe
act a different construction. And leaving the
plats of the surveys out of the question, wherever
it appears that other lands than those reported by
the surveys came within the provisions of the
bill, the States were justly entitled to them under
the grant. But where the field notes showed that
lands were swamp and subject to oveiflow, the
Department required no other proof on that sub-
ject. They have uniformly, as I understand,
taken it for granted that these lands were swamp
and overflown. In all other instances, however,
the burden of proof, to show that the other lands
claimed, but which were not comprised within
the files of the land department here, the proof to
show that they were of the same description, rested
■upon the claimant. The question then naturally
arose as to the construction of the act. If the De-
partment were satisfied that there were some lands
which should pass by that act of 1850, but that
the proof was not of record, I am sure that the
States could commit no fraud by merely showing
that there were swamp lands not reported upon
the plats on file. The Department very properly
determined that the proof of the fact must come
from the State in which the lands were located, and
through the surveyor general of such State. 1 hat
rule has been strictly adhered to, bo far as my
knowledge extends; at least it has been in Ala-
bama, where, perhaps, there was more swamp
lands than there were in any other State, with the
exception of Louisiana.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman from
Arkansas permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. GREENWOOD. Certainly.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman inform
us how many acres of land Arkansas has claimed
under this bill ?
Mr. GREENWOOD. I am not accurately in-
formed as to that; but, perhaps, some seven or
eight millions of acres.
Mr. LETCHER. And yet, when the bill was
about to be passed, it was said that Arkansas
would only be entitled, under it, to some eight hun-
dred and seventy-odd thousand acres.
Mr. GREENWOOD. That may all be true;
that was the supposed amount at the time. I was
going on to remark, that mistakes about some of
these conflicting claims may have arisen from the
fact that individuals raised levees on the Missis-
sippi river for the purpose of protecting their own
farms; and hence a system of draining has been
going on, by which land which was, at the time
of the passage of the act, unfit for cultivation, has
been reclaimed, and is now dry. I only adverted
to this for the purpose of showing that everything
which the gentleman asks by his bill is now given
by the Department. The only difference seems
to he, that the proof must be made directly to the
Commissioner of the Land Office, or the Secre-
tary of the Interior, instead of being made to the
surveyor general of the State in which those
lands are situated.
Before 1 take my Reat, I deRire to advert to the
principles of the bill now pending, together with
thenmendm^nuor substitute, offered by the gentle-
man from Illinois, (Mr. Washburne,] It seems
that under this bill granting swamp lands to the
several States m which they he, conflicts have
grown up, and the question now is, how shall
thoie conflicts be settled? In many instances lands
have been permitted to be entered at the Govern-
ment offices, which are put down upon the maps
as swamp and overflowed lands. Individuals
were permitted to enter those lands before they
were apprised of the passage of this act. Subse-
quently, entries of lands were made in what were
<alled, m the land offices of the States, swamp
scrip. One party, perhaps, claiming under entries
m;uie ut a" Government office, and another party
churning the land as swamp land, and entered at
thcStateofiie.es. The question is, how shall these
difficulties he settled?
The bill now before us for consideration simply
proposes, that in all instane.es where persons have
entered lands which pass to a State under the pro-
visions of the act of September, 1850, that the
State shall be permitted to locate other lands in
heu of these landcj, subjcct to location, at $1 25
pec acre, provided the Governor shall relinquish
to the General Government the title of the lands
so entered. Wherever an individual has entered
those lands, and entered them properly as swamp
lands, it will be impossible for the Government
to oast him of his right, because, by the entry of
swamp lards, he has acquired a title of which the
Government cannot divest him. I think that there
ought to be an amendment to the original bill, or
the substitute offered by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Washburne,] which will provide for
this case. It seems impossible to make an adjust-
ment of the matter where there is a conflict be-
tween the first and necond entry. The Governor
cannot relinquish the title which the State has
acquired, because the title has passed from her,
and because she has no title to relinquish. The
individual who has made the first entry must
withdraw his money. That is the only relief
which can be afforded him.
Sir, the only question in my mind in regard to
this matter is, whether it would be policy, under
the provisions of the substitute offered by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,] for
the Government to pay money for the lands that
have been entered, or whether it would be the best
policy to requue the States to locate other lands
in lieu thereof. It seems to me a question that
admits of some doubt as to what would be the
best policy for Congress to pursued in adopting-
bills of this kind. I am not satisfied in my own
mind, but there is one thing certain: if evils have
grown up under this act, it is almost impossible
at this late day to rectify them entirely. We
should take every precaution to prevent the con-
flicts which have arisen in carrying out this grant,
and so legislate, if possible, to quiet all the con-
flicting interests, and prevent litigation. Such
should be the aim of courts as well as legWamres.
Mr. LETCHER. So far as I have any per-
sonal knowledge of these difficulties, they have
grown up since 1852.
Mr. GREENWOOD. That may be very true;
for many of the States did not legislate upon the
subject of the grant for some time after the grant
was made. It seems to me that the Government
ought to go on and devise some plan, by which
the conflicting titles to these lands should be set-
tled at the shortest notice, and at the least possible
expense to the individuals entering them. 1 hope
something will be done to relieve purchasers, and
obviate long, tedious, and expensive litigation.
Mr. DISNEY. Since I made my remarks upon
this subject a few minutes since, I have examined
the bill more particularly, and it is precisely of the
character I supposed it was. The only point of
importance in the bill that involves any difficulty
is this, that patents shall issue at once in favor
of the individual purchaser or locator. The De-
partment of the Interior have held and decided,
that the true and proper construction of tha* act
vested an equitable-interest in the State of all lands
coming within the terms of the act. The question
then arises, how far it is competent for Congress
to so invest the State with an absolute interest in
these lands. If tlieStates are actually vested with
the legal right, possession, and title to the lands
in controversy, is it competent for Congress, by
an act of legislation, to divest them of such right,
possession, and title ?
Mr. LE FOHER. Thegentlertf&n, then, is not
willing to legislate at all.
Mr DISNEY here made a remark'entirely in-
audible to the reporter.
Mr. LP- TC UEPv. With the permission of Che
pentleman I will coireef lam. He says that every-
thing provided for in my bill is now done m
the Department of the Interior, in connection with
these lands. Now, sir, the Commissioner of
Public Lands says this—and I think, if the gentle-
man will attend to it, he will come to the conclu-
sion that he is mistaken. He says:
u To remedy thin evil, I respectfully recommend that
authority be given lor iho jssue of these pat<>uts. 
That I have provided for in my bill.
" And that provision be made by hnv, that the purchase
money lor any such iattd* bo patd over to the States."
That atao I have provided for in mv bill.
" And that they be authorised to select others m lieu of
tho«e located with i-enp, l.utd warrant*, &c.,on due proof
by the authorized agents of the State-, that such lands
wore of the character embraced by the swamp land act of
16o0.
Now, sir, so far from these things being done
at the Land Office,as thegentleman seems to sup-
pose, the Commissioner cornea here and asks this
House to do what my bill proposes to do, and
which the Commissionerjilleges cannot be done
without this law.
The CHAIRMAN. The hour for closing
debate upon this bill, under the order of the House,
has arrived, and the question now before the House
is upon the amendment, recommended by the
Committee on Public Lands, to the original bill.
Mr. HENN. I believe the House does not
understand the precise situation of the original
bill and the pending amendment. 1 ask that they
may be read.
The original bill, and the amendment proposed
by the committee, were then sev rally read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I believe the
question before the Hovse stands in this manner:
First, the original bi'l was introduced and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands. That com-
mittee reported back the bill with the amendment
which has been just read. To the whole bill I
offered an amendment, which was to strike out
all after the enacting clause and to insert what
has heretofore been read to the House. The gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] has now
offered a substitute—whether in order or not I
am not prepared to say—which has also been
read.
T desire to say, that on the whole, I am satis-
fied with the substitute which the gentleman from
Virginia has offered. AU that I desire is, to
the matter properly before the committee lor
ait on.
