1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
says that the Secretary of tha Interior has given
one construction to the swamp land act of 1850,
and that i am seeking to find another. Now, so far
as the construction which has been given to this
act is concerned, I believe the very man who was
Commissioner of the General Land Office when
this law was passed, [Mr. Wilson,] now occu-
pies the same position. Well,'sir, Mr. Wilson
construed this law; he issued these patents to the
States, put the whole machinery of the law in
operation, and yet the same man now asks that
the very provision which I have inserted in my
substitute may be adopted. Now, X take it for
granted that Mr. Wilson, at least, knows what he
is about; and, under these circumstances, does my
friend from Louisiana suppose that he would ask
for the passage of an act which his own construc-
tion of the law would interfere with?
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. But suppose the
proper authorities have decided that title to the
swamp lands shall vest in the States from the date
of the signature of the President of the United
States to the law donating them.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, Mr. Wilson,
who has had this act under consideration from the
time of its passage, has recommended that in
cases where persons have entered lands before the
patent has issued to the States, recommends that
where they have been entered for cash, the money
shall be refunded; where they have been entered
by scrip, and where they have been entered by
land warrants, the parties entering them shall be
allowed to enter other lands in lieu thereof, acre
for acre.
Mr JONES. It can be done by the consent of
the States.
Mr. LETCEJER. Well, sir, I take it for
granted that when the States interested in this
thing come forward and ask that it shall be done
—when it is to be done by the aid of the Repre-
sentatives from these States, and we have reason
to believe that the States themselves desire it—
they will accede to the law, if we pass it.
Mr. JONES. Does the gentleman from Vir-
ginia mean to say that the action of the Repre-
sentatives of a State in Congress is binding upon
the people of that State?
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir, I do not mean to
say any such thing. What I mean to say is, that
when the representatives of a State come here and
ask for certain action upon the part of Congress,
that it is to be presumed they speak the voice of
the people in that State; and that when, in accord-
ance with their request, we pass an act to relieve
them of the evils of which they complain, they
will accede to it.
Now it does seem to me that if any body under-
stands this thing, the Commissioner of the Gene-
ral Land Office ought to understand it. It is his
business, i'lis whole attention is placed upon it;
and yet he has arrived at these conclusions, and
recommended the course I propose to pursue to
accomplish the object.
The question was th?n taken upon Mr. Jones's
amendment to the amendment; and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I desire to
know from the Chair, the precise state of the
question before the House?
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
adoption of the substitute proposed by the gentle-
man from Virginia.
Mr. STANTON. I move to strike out all after
the fifth line.
Mr. Chairman, I make this motion for thepur-
pose of submitting a single observation in refer-
ence to some of the questions which have been
presented and discussed by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] and thegentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Jones ] I conceive it to be per-
fectly clear, that by the first section of the act of
1850, the Government of the United States placed
itself under obligations to convey, by patent, to
the State of Arkansas, every foot of overflowed
land in that State, for the purpose of accomplish-
ing a great public work.
By the second section of that act, the Govern-
ment bound itself, at the proper time, when the
necessary information was acquired, to issue a
patent for every foot of overflowed lands, as de-
scribed in the act itself.
Now, sir, it is true that the State of Arkansas
cannot enquire any legal title to these lands until
the patents- are granted. It ia equally true, that
the Government of the United States may refuse
to issue any patents. In that case no legal title
will pass. No legal title will pass until theGene-
ral Government issues patents. Nevertheless, the
obligation remains; the equity still exists in the
State of Arkansas to any portion of the lands
covered by the first section of the act. That is the
true state of the case. The Government of the
United States has, m several instances, issued
patents, not to the State of Arkansas, but to pri-
vate individuals, for lands which equitably belong
to the State of Arkansas under the swamp land
act. Now, the State of Arkansas can do nothing.
She cannot sue the Government of the United
States.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to ask the gen-
tlemen from Tennessee a question upon the point
that he is now discussing, and I do so because he
has evidently given this legal question considera-
tion. I wish to ask him whether, construing this
act as he does, if the patent is issued to the citizen
before it is issued to the State, it does not vest the
legal title in the citizen ?
Mr. STANTON, 1 suppose the patent does
vest the legal title, but it is subject to the equities
of the State of Arkansas, and it is very clear that
suits may arise between the State of Arkansas and
the individual patentees of the Government of the
United States. It is to prevent all such suits, as I
understand, that this bill is now proposed, to pre-
vent the needless conflicts that may arise between
the patentees of the United States Government, and
the State of Arkansas, or the individuals to whom
the State may have passed the lands It must be
evident to every gentleman upon this floor, that
such contests will arise, unless this bill, or some
provision of a similar character, is passed. If the
State should accept the benefits of this bill, and
demand patents for the lands, to be substituted for
those improperly disposed of to individuals by the
Government, then her equitable right would be
lost, and there would be no further contest or diffi-
culty.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am opposed to
the amendment of my colleague. We have gotten
into difficulty about these swamp lands, or at least
some persons have gotten into difficulty about
them, and it is necessary that something should be
done to relieve them. I think the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letciier.] is perhaps the best proposition before
the committee.
This whole difficulty, in my opinion, has arisen
from the fact of an erroneous decision having
been made by the Land Office in reference to the
swamp land act. The first section of that act pro-
vides that all the swamp and overflowed lands
remaining unsold at the time of the passage of the
act shall vest in the States in which they lie, for
certain purposes. The second section, if I mis-
take not, requires that the Commissioner of the
Land Office shall make out a list of the swamp and
overflowed lands in each State, and furnish that
list to the Governor of the State; that upon the
requisition of the Governor, the Land Office shall
issue patents to the State for the lands thus desig-
nated as swamp and overflowed lands; and that
upon the issue of such patents, the fee simple to
the land thus patented shall vest in the State.
Now, my opinion is that no right vested in the
State; that the State had 110 title to those lands
until the Governor had requested the issuance of
the patents for the lands. Suppose the Governor
hud never requested the issuance of patents; sup-
pose the State had refused to accept those lands
upon the terms and conditions of the act, would
they ever have vested m the State? The first
intimation you have that the State will accept the
swamp and overflowed lands, is when the Gov-
ernor notifies or requests the Land Office to issue
patents for those lands. Now, sir, the title to the
lands entered by individuals with money, war-
rants, or scrip, between the passage of the act and
the issuance of the patents, or at least up to the
time when the Governor signifies the acceptance
of the lands by the State, by requesting the issu-
ance of patents, does rightfully vest in the indi-
viduals who have entered them; the patent of the
Government passes a good and valid title to the
persons who have thus entered _or located the
lands. If, therefore, there is any question at all,
it cannot be between the individuals upon the
lands and the State claiming it under the swamp
land act, but it is between the General Govern-
ment and the State. The Government gave the
lands to the State, and after she had thus given
them, she sold them to individuals, and vested the
title in them. The State cannot take the lands
from those individuals, but must look to the
General Government for redress.
As I said before, I believe that the State has
really no right to come and ask for those lands or
their value, or others in lieu of them, which were
entered after the passage of the act, but prior to
the acceptance by the State.- But, waiving all
that, I am willing to vote for the proposition of
the gentleman from Virginia, which I consider
the best onfe before the committee. It will, I doubt
not, be satisfactory td the States, and also to the
settlers.
The question was then taken Sn Mr. Stanton's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. DISNEY. I move pro forma to amend
the first section, by inserting the words, " Pro-
vided the States shall assent thereto."
I offer that amendment simply for the purpose
of being enabled to say one or two words in rela-
tion to this matter. I have said that the difference
between these several bills is immaterial in the
main, with one or two exceptions. The amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Wells] differs from the others in providing
that the act shall be construed as vesting the title
to the swamp lands in the States in which they
lie at the time of the approval of the act. The
original bill provides that land shall be located
elsewhere. And the amendment of thegentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Wasiibitrne] is simply in ac-
cordance with the practice of the Land Office. So,
too, with the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Virginia. There is no objection to it,
except that it accomplishes nothing save in a sim-
ple point. That point has been suggested by the
gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Jones,] and ad-
verted to by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Stanton,] who, 1 doubt not, has given a just and
true construction to the law in relation to this
grant. It is an absolute grant, taking cffect after
the date of the grant; and although no legal title,
no mere paper title, passed to the State till the
patent was drawn, yet the equitable inference is
that the title did pass from the General Govern-
ment to the respective States at the time the bill
was signed, as set forth and provided for in the
act itself. So stands the law.
Now, sir, take this case as it has already been
put by the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Jones.] Suppose the court should hold that an
equitable interest has been vested in these States,
and that you undertake here, as thegentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Letcher] proposes by his substi-
tute, to give a tide to the individual purchaser, what
do the parties gain by it? What do they take
by that piece of parchment, if the Supreme Court
should hold in conformity with the opinion
expressed by the Department, as illustrated by
the gentlemen from Tennessee and Louisiana,
[Messrs. Stanton and Jones,] and justly, too, in
my opinion? If the Supreme Court should enter-
tain the same opinion, what would an individual
purchaser take, under that act, beyond the mere
parchment and paper title? Now, in order to
avoid this difficulty, and to comply with the requi-
sition of the Land Office, you must provide for an
agreement, on the part of the respective States, to
this very act. That, is an important part of the case.
Mr. HENN. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Ohio one question, for information. It is,
whether or not the applicant for a patent would
acquire any title under this swamp act?
Mr. DISNEY. No.
Mr. HENN. I would, then, ask the gentleman
whether any of the States have accepted the grant
by legislative act?
Mr. DISNEY. I presume they all have.
Mr. HENN. I presume they have not, as I
never heard of any of them having done so.
Mr. DISNEY. Now I come back to the ques-
tion. There is but one solitary point in the whole
of this controversy. It can all be reduced to the
one point: and that is, what arrangement will you
make by which the parties in possession of claims
—individual parties—can have their titles secured
to them, and the State shall be at the same time
protected? If you do not make scich an arrange-
ment as will cffect both these purposes, you will
only lead to litigation, for no act of Congress can
divest parties of the legal rights vesting in them.
