1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
his ancestors were entitled may be paid to the
heirs-at-law; which was referred to the Commit-
tee .oil Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the petition of Joseph Colby, son and
administrator of Ebenezer Colby, a soldier of the
Revolution, praying to be allowed the difference
between the araountof pension to which his father
was entitled and that which lie actually received;
.which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of Irene
G. Scarritt, widow of Jeremiah M. Scarritt, an
officer in the Army of the United States, praying
a pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of Iowa, praying the establishment of a
mail route from Hartwick, in Delaware county,
to Marion, in Linn county, Iowa; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of James
Myers; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
O.i motion by Mr. SUMNER, it was
Onle^-cd, That the pitittim of Luerctia Barton, of
Chnrtestown, M.issaelliiseus, on the files of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
ADDITIONAL CIRCUIT IN CALIFORNIA.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the bill heretofore
introduced by him in addition lo an act approved
March 3, 1837,and entitled "An act supplement-
ary to an act entitled ' an act to amend the judicial
system of the United States,' " was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. STUART. 1 will inquire of the Chair
whether to-day is not set aside by the rules for
the consideration of private bills?
The PRESIDENT. The resolution adopted
at the last session, setting apart Fridays for pri-
vate bills, the Chair ia under the impression, does
not extend to the present session; and no order
has been made to that effect at this session.
EXTENSION OF THE BOUNTY LAND LAWS.
Mr. GltODlIEAD. I hope we shall proceed
with the hill which was under consideration yes-
terday, in regard to bounty lands. I think it can
be disposed of in a very short time this morning,
and.I hope that my friend from North Carolina
[Mr. Baixjer] will, on a little reflection, see the
propriety of withdrawing the amendment which he
proposed. We till desire to have some bill passed
on the subject, but many Senators object to having
the one which is before the Senate further enlarged
in its provisions. I submit this remark for the
consideration of Senators, in case the bill should
be taken up. ■
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill from the HouseofRepresentatives, making
appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the year ending the 30th of June,
1850; which hud been teported from the Com-
mittee on Finance with amendments.
The first amendment was, in the clause "For
to
(estimate.
The number of visitors has been increased by
law, making that increase of appropriation neces-
sary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next three amendments were, to insert in
the bill, the following, which were agreed to:
For repairs and additions to the professors' quarters,
$5,000
For i'urni«liins: hospitals for cadets, $"00.
Forgas-hou.-se and apparatus, .$'15,000.
The next amendment was to insert:
For deficiency for expense of the Board of Visitors for
the year ending the « 0Uj of June, J855, $088 52^
Mr. HUNTER. That deficiency arose in this
way: An additional member was Appointed, and
of course more money was required than had
been appropriated. While I am up, I will also
slate that there is another deficiency, for which an
amendment i«3 reported, arising out ot an increase
of pay made fov an act passed at the last session,
after the estimate was sent in, and the Military
Academy appropriation bill was passed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert:
For additional pay allowed to enlisted men, employed
on extra duty, as mechanics and laborers, per act of 4th
ot August, 1&>4, for the year ending 30th' of June, 1855,
-iO.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER.. Tne amendment which I
naw offer, on my own responsibility,'is in pursu-
ance of estimate. It is a smaii affair, but 1 have
not had time to consult the committee in regard
to it. It is to insert " Forxavalry instruction,
$200." The object is to enable the Secretary to
separate the cavalry and artillery instruction.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I offer the following amend-
ment, from the Committee on Military Affairs:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That hereafter the
yeuiiy allowance of the professor of French and Spanish,
ami ot the protestor of drawing, shall be the same as is
now allowed to other prole^sors.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The amendments were concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill was ordered to a third
reading. It was read a third tune, and passed-.
THE BATTLE OP NEW ORLEANS.
In consideration! of the fact that Monday will
be the 8th of January, the anniversary of the
battle of .New Orleans, it was
Ordered, Thai when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Tuesday next.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENT BILLS.
Mr. CASS. 1 give notice to the Senate, that
after the bill of the honorable Senator from Lou-
isiana, [Mr. Sudei.l,] to remove the obstructions
to navigation at the mouths of the Mississippi,
which is the special order for Tuesday next,
shall be disposed of, I shall ask them to consider
the bill reported by my colleague, trom the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to continue the improvement
of the St. Clair Flats.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I give notice that, on
the same occasion, 1 shall move to take up the bill
making an appropriation lor continuing tiie im-
provement ot the l>s Moines and Hock river
rapids in the Upper Mississippi.
Mr. BLIDELL intornially submitted an amend-
ment to the bill to remove obstructions to naviga-
tion tn the mouths of the Mississippi river, at the
Southwest Pass and the Pass a l'Outic; which
was ordered to be piitited.
EXTENSION OF THE BOUNTY LAND LAWS.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, the bill "in ad-
dition to the several acts granting bounty land to
certain officers and soldiets who have been engaged
in the military service of the United States " was
taken from the table.
Mr. CASS. I wish to vote for that bill if I
possibly can; but 1 will state to the Senate, that
my honorable colleague has addressed the Com-
missioner of Pensions and the Commissioner of
the General Land Office for some information,
which may be important to us 111 order to make
an estimate of the extent to which we are going
by the passage of the bill. As its object is not to
provide for the payment of a debt, but to make a
gratuity, U is very proper to know the amount in-
volved m it. My colleague has taken measures
to procure information as to the bearing of the
bill, the nature of evidence which will be required
under it, and other circumstances necessary in
order to enable the Senate to act advisedly on the
subject; 1 should, therefore, be obliged to the hon-
orable Senator it' he would consent to postpone
the bill until Tuesday. It has assumed such a
shape that it is difficult to tell its beating. I want
information in regard to it. I move to postpone
the further consideration of the bill until Tuesday.
Mr. BRODHBAD. I have so much confidence
in the judgment of the distinguished Senator from
Michigan, that, knowing him to be a sincere friend
of the measure, i yield to his suggestion.
Mr. ADAMS. There is a special order for
Tuesday, which X do not wish to have superseded
by this bill.
Mr. STUART. This postpoiflment will not
interfere with the Senator's bill.
Mr. ADAMS. Very well.
The PRESIDENT. The bill to which the
Senator from Mississippi refers, was first made
the special order for Tuesday, and will, therefore,
have precedence.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
SWAMP LAJMDS.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill for the relief of purchas-
ers and locators of swamp and overflowed lands.
The bill was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
On motion by Mr. BUTLER, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill, reported by him from the
Committee on the Judiciary, to modify and amend
the judicial system of the United States.
The bill provides, that from and after its pas-
sage, the Justices of the Supreme Court of the
United States shall not, as heretofore, be required
to perform circuit duty, but shall continue to have
and exercise the same jurisdiction at,d powers
now vested in them by law, withirvany of thecir-
cuits in which they may res-ide, in allowing writs
of habeas corpus and of error, granting injunctions,
and doing all other acts which may be done at
chambers and out of term. Hereafter two terms
of the Supreme Court are to be held annually at
the seat of Government, one commencing on the
first Monday in November, and the other on the
first Monday in May.
The district courts of the United States,and the
judicial districts, are to remain as now by law es-
tablished ; but the districts are to be divided and
arranged into circuits, as follows: The first circuit
is to comprise the several judicial districts within
the States of Maine, New Hampshire, Massachu-
setts, and Rhode Island; the second circuit, those
within the States of New York, Connecticut, and
Vermont; the third circuit, those within Pennsyl-
vania ami New Jer ey; the fourth circuit, those
in Delaware, Maryland, and Virginia; the fifth
circuit, those in North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, and Florida; the sixth circuit, those in
Alabama, Mississippi, and Louisiana; theoeventh
circuit, those in Arkansas and Texas; the eighth
circuit, those in Tennessee, Kentucky, and Mis-
souri; the ninih circuit, those in Ohio, Indiana,
and Michigan; the tenth circuit, those in Illinois,
Wisconsin, and Iowa; and the eleventh circuit,
the judicial districts in California.
Provision is made for the immediate appointment
of ten circuit judges, one to be appointed for, und
to reside in, each of the first ten circuits, and an
eleventh circuit judge is to be appointed so soon
as any other State on the Pacific coast shall have
been admitted into the Union, and a judicial dis-
trict or districts organized therein, to be comprised
in the same circuit with California. These circuit
courts are to be invested with all the jurisdiction
and powers now exercised by the present circuit
courts of the United Slates.
The circuit courts of the United States, it is
provided, shall consist of the district judge of the
respective district and of the circuit judge of the
circuit; but if the district judge, by reason of a
lawful impediment, shall not be able to attend the
circuit court, it may be held by the circuit judge
alone; and in case there is a lawful impediment to
prevent the attendance of the en cult judge of the
circuit, an adjoining circuit judge is to hold the
court. All actions are to be transferred from the
present circuit courts to those established by the
bill; and their clerks are to continue until others
are appointed in pursuance of law.
Each person appointed a judge of any circuit
court established by the bill is, before he shall
begin to exereise the duties of his office, to take
the following oath, or affirmation: "I,AB, do
solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will administer
justice without respect to persons, and will do
equal light to all persons, and will, in all things,
faithfully and impartially discharge and perform
all the duties incumbent on me as a circuit judge
of the United States." Each judge is.to receive
a salary of $4,000 a yeor.
Mr. BUI LEU. Mr. President, I propose at
this time to make but very few remarks in relation
to this bill. It comes before the Senate under
circumstances well calculated to give it nfair, full,
and faithful attention. Under a call made by a
resolution introduced, I think, by the honorable
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] the
