THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Ses
TUESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1855.
Nef Series No. 13.
That, until otherwise provided, the judicial districts, and
the times and places for holding the district courts of the
Unitrd States, shall be the same as now provided by law:
and the said district courts respectively shall, in addition to
-their jurisdiction under existing laws, have, and are hereby
invested with, all the jurisdiction and powers now exer-
cised by the present circuit courts ot the United States;
and that all actions, suits, process pleadings, and other
proceedings, of what nature or kind soever, depending or
existing in the present circuit cornta of the United States,
except as hereinafter provided, shall be, and beieby are,
transferred and continued over to the respective district
courts as provided in this act, in which such actions, suits,
process or other proceedings ought, by law, to have been
originally instituted, had this act been in force at the time
of the inception of any such action, suits, or other proceed-
ings ; and no process issued, or proceedings pending in any
or either of the said courts, shall be avoided or impaired by
any change of organization made by this act, but all process
bail bonds, or recognizances, leturnable at the next term
of any or cither of the said courts n« now by law estab-
lished. shall be returnable and returned to the terms of the
said district courts respectively, next held according to
this act, in the same manner as if so made returnable on
the face thereof, and shall have full effect accordingly, and
all continuances may be made to conform to the provisions
of this net.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there shall be,
and are hereby, constituted wiihm the limits of the United
States, nine judicial enemts, as follows :
1. The States of Maine, New Hampshire, Massachusetts,
Rhode Island, Connecticut, and Veimont, shall constitute
the first circuit;
2. The States of New York, New Jersey, and Pennsyl-
vania, shall constitute the second circuit;
3. The States of Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, and
North Carolina, shall constitute the third circuit;
4. The States of South Carolina, fJeoigia, Alabama, and
Flondn, shall constitute the fourth circuit;
5. The States of Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and
Texas, shall constitute the filth circuit;
6. The States oi Tennessee, Kentucky, Ohio, and Indi-
ana, shall constitute ih«s sixth circuit;
7. The States of Jlhuois, Michigan, Wisconsin, and
Iowa, and the Territory of Minnesota, shall constitute the
seventh circuit;
8. The State of Missouri, and the Territories of New
Mexico, Kansas, and Nebiaska, shall constitute the eighth
circuit;
9. The State of California, and the Territories of Oregon,
Washington, and Utah, shall constitute the mmh'ciicuit.
Sku. 3. And he it fwither enacted, That there shall be
held in each ot said circuits, once every year, a court of
appeals, to he composed of one of the justices of the Su-
preme Court, and of all the district judges in the respective
circuits, aiid also of the chief justice of each Territory, m
all eases where any T< rntory or Tciritories shall he in-
cluded within the circuit. A mrfjontv of said justices and
judges ih their respective circuits shall constitute n quotum
for holding said courts*, m which the Jusuce oi the Supiejue
Court of the United States shall preside, and in ea.se ot his
absence, the oldest district pulge in eoimpisMou picsent
shall pieside; m the event rheie shall not he a quoium
present on the day appointed by law for the opening of the
court, the judges present shall lie authorized to adjourn the
couit from dav to day until aquoium shall appear, and if
there shall be, no quotum within — days from the fust day
of tho temi, they may adjourn the court until ihe next
regular teim, or until such day an they shall designate by
an order upon the record; and in either ease all causes
shall he continued, and pleas and process stand over with-
out prejudice to parties.
Sbo.*4. And he it further enacted, Thai appeals and writs
of error t-hall he from each district couit to the haul couit
of appeals of their respective oircuiis, ami also fnun the
supreme court of any Terntory to the said court of appeiils,
in all cases where aTcrritoiyshall be included within such
circuit, in the xime manner that appeals and wntsof erioi
now he from the ciicuit courts to the Supreme Com I ot the
United Suites; and the said court of appeals shall have
power to hear and deteimine all wnts oi error and appeals
that may be prosecuted fiom the district courts, in eases
wheic appeals and writs of error now lie Irom the disiiict
courts to the circuit courts, and also in ail cases where
appeals and wuHof error now he lrom the supiemeeouits
of Territories to the Supiemo Court ot the United State* ;
and said appeals and writs of error shall be brought up and
proseeuttd in the said court of appeals, in the same mannci
and according to the same laws and legulations that now
govern the circuit and district courts of, the Untied States ;
and all appeals and writs of crior now pending in the cir-
cuit courts shall be transferred to and pio-secuted in the
said courts of appeal, without prejudice to the parties, and
in the same manner as if such appeals and wnt< of eiror
had been taken subsequent to the penod when this act-hall
take efiVet. The said courts of appeal shall have the same
power and jurisdiction to hear and determine appeal** and
writs of enor coming before them under the provisions of
this act that the Supreme Court of th.e United States has to
decide eases within its jurisdiction ; and the same writs,
process, modes of proceeding, and rules, that govern the
Supreme Court, so far as they may be applicable, shall be
in force and u?e in the said courts ol appeal.
Sec. 5. Jlvd he it further cnactcd, That it shall be the
duty of the Supreme Couir, on or befoie the first day of
January of each year, to assign to the several circuits the
Justice of the Supreme Court who is to preside in the court
of appeals in such circuit, and in the performance of this
duty it shall be so arracged, unless there are special reasons
ie
for making an exception to the general rule, that each of
the Justices of the Supreme Court shall, m turn, preside in
the court of appeals for each circuit in the order of the
number ot the circuits, to the end that each of the Justices
of the Supreme Court shall preside in the court of appeals
for each of the circuits once in nine years, and that, m no
event, shall any of the said justices preside in the same
circuit two terms in succession.
Sec. 6 And he it Jurther enacted, That the terms of the
court of appeals shall be held annually in the several cir-
cuits, as follows:
1. In the first circuit at , on the day
of .
2. In the second circuit at , on the  
day of -
3. In the third circuit at-
of .
4. In the fourth circuit at-
of .
5. In the fifth circuit at ~
of .
6. In tho fcixth circuit at -
of -
on the -
—, on the -
on the -
—, on the -
- day
- day
- day
- day
on the ■
on the •
on the •
7. In the seventh circuit at 
day of .
8. In thQ^eighth circuit at  
day of .
y. In the ninth circuit at  
day of .
Sec. 0. And be it fnither enactcd, That the said courts
of appeal shall have power to itstie wnts of mandamus
and certiorari, and all other writs not specially provided by
statute, which may be necessaiy tor the exercise oi their
jurisdiction, and agreeably to the principles of law and
usages of couits; and eaid courts respectively may, lrom
tunc to time, adopt rules lor the government of thur own
proceedings i  cases before thein^ and also for bringing up
appeals and writs of erior froih the district courts and tho
supremo courts of the Teuiiones, which are not inconsist-
ent with tho laws of the United Slates ur the rules ol the
Supreme Couit.
Sec. 7. And he d fir (her enactcil, That in all criminal
eases now pending, or which may heiealierbe depending
in the district conns, the judge who tin s the cause, after
trial and conviction, may suspend sentence of the defend-
ant, if in hia judgment any mutuiidl difficult and doubtful
question ot Ihw Ikw arisen in the course ot ihe trial, and he
limy eertny the same to the court ot appeals within his cir-
cuit, which shall hear and deteimine the tame as soon as
may bo, giving tho question certified preieience of civil
causes ; and which deci-ion of the conn ol appeals shall be
certified by tho clerk theieof to the inferior couit where
the cau&e is pending, and to which decision the mfetior
court shall he hound to conjoint. lint the couit ot appeals
shall not he uuthoiized to cnteitiiin questions ol law certi-
fied to them in any civil suit or piocceoing; nor shall the
SupiemeCourt of the United Stateaenteitani any question
certified to it by the court of appeals; nor shall the Supreme
Court entertain jurisdiction in any ca-e of an appeal or
writ of erroi vvheie the deereo oi judgment in the court of
appeals was entered )i>o J'oimu, lor the pnipose of bunging
up the case for revision; nor shall a court of appeals send
up any case, but leave the party who supposes himself to
be aggrieved to bring it up after a fnul decision, in the ordi-
nary mode.
Sko. H, And he it further enacted, That, from the final
judgment and deeiee of ihe court of appeals, wnts of enor
and appeal'niay be brought to ihe Supieme Court of the
United States in alt civil cases vvheic the matter in contro-
versy exceeds the sum or value of   dollais besides
coMr-; and in suits involving the infringement of patents a
writ of enor or appeal may be allowed by said court of
appeals to the Supmne Couit, regardless of'the amount in
controveisy, if said court ol appeal* shall deem it icasonable
to allow such appeal or writ of emu. And liom the final
judgment of said court of appeals, in any civil action brought
by the United States tor the enituceinent of the revenue
laws ot tho United States, or lor the collection of duties
due, or alleged to he due, on merchandise imparted theiein,
a writ of enor may be prosecuted by either p.niy to the
Supieme Court, without regatd to the sum oi value in
contioversy. And when a question is presented in a case
where the statute of a State is assumed to have violated
the Constitution of the United States, or an act of Con-
giess, and the decision of the question one way might
conclude the controversy, such cause may bo brought up
to the Supreme Court from the court ot appeals, if the
matter in dispute exceeds the sum or value of two thousand
dollars.
Sfc. 9. And be it finfher enacted, That the Supreme
Court shall have the same powers and jurisdiction over the
judgments, decrees, ami pioceeding.-- ot said courts of appeal
that it now possesses over the judgment-, deciees, and pro-
ceedings of the circuit courts. And said Supreme Court
bhall be governed by the same practice, and process, and
modes of proceedings, now in use in bringing up appeals
and writs of error irom the circuit courts. And tho Supreme
Court may make and publish, fiom time to time, rules for
the government of the proceedings in the courts of appeal,
ami also for the regulation of writs of error, and appeals
therefrom to the Supreme Court.
Sec. 10. And be it further cnactcd, That wrils of eiror,
and appeals from the district and circuit courts to said
court of appeals, may be prosecuted at any time within two
years from and after rendering said judgmeutor decree:
Provided, That the day of rendering the judgment or decree
shall be deemed to have been (he last day of the regular
term at which &uch judgment or decree was rendered, and
which last day shall not be con&idered m the compulation
of time. And in cases of judgments and decrees heretofore
rendered by a district court, ftom which a writ of error or
appeal would lie to the circuit court, an appeal or writ of
error may be brought to the court of appeals within two
years from the passing of this act, and not afterwards: Pro-
vided, That if the party who piosecutesan appeal or writ
of error on a judgmeutor decree hereafter rendered, shall,
at the time of rendering said judgment or decree, have been
an infant under twenty-one years of age, or a femme covert,
or iion compos mentis, or imprisoned, in such cases the
writ of enor or appeal may be prosecuted at any time
within two years after the disability is removed. And m
cases where appeals or wrils of error are prosecuted from
judgments or decrees now existing in the district courts, if
the party prosecuting the appeal or writ of error ie, at the
time of passing this act, a feuune covert, infant, non com-
pos menus, or imprisoned, then said writ of eiror or appeal
may be prosecuted at any time within two years after the
disability is removed.
Sec. ii. And be it further enacted, That in all cases
where judgments and decrees have heretofore been ren-
dered in circuit courts, or district couits exercising the
powers of a circuit court, and which cases arc of a charac-
ter to he brought up, writs of error and appeals may be
prosccuted to the Supreme. Court heretofore, nor shall
this act apply to such judgments or decrees.
Sec. I'J. And he it Jurther enacted, That it shall be the
duty of each court of appeals to appoint its own clerk, who
shall give bond with two or more securities for the faithful
perfoimance of his duties in the manner and amount that
the clerks of tho circuit courts now do, and a like oath
shall be taken, the title of the court only being changed#'
And said clerks shall be governed in the performance of
their duties by the same practice that now governs the
clerk of the Supieme Court of the United States ; and it
shall he the duty of the Supreme Court to prescribe by rules
the fees that said clerks shall respectively leceive; and
until such rules are made and published, said clerks shall
receive the same fees and compensation that is now re-
ceived by the cleric of the Supreme Court, and it shall be
his duty to furnish said clerks of the courts of appeal wait
a punted fee bill for their government, for which service
the Supreme Court shall allow their clerk reasonable com-
pensation.
Si o. K*. And be it further enacted, That all writs and
process, issued by authority of the court of appeals, t-hall
hear teste in the name of the Chief Justice ot the Supreme
Court, and be governed by the practice and regulations now
in force and use, applicable to process, by which writs of
error and appeals have heretofore been brought from the
circuit courts to the Supreme Court, but final process shall
issue from the court below, rendering the judgment or de-
< rce, to which a mandate ehall issue, according to the prac-
tice of the Supreme Court. And m cases taken to the Su-
preme Couit from the court of appeals, the Supreme Court
may, at its discretion, direct Us mandate to the courts of
appeal, or to the district courts, where the cause originated,
foi the purpose of execution or further proceedings therein.
Sec. M. And be it further enacted. That it shall be the
duty of the attorney for the United States of the district
where a court of appeals is held, to attend to the causes
and interests of the United States in said courts, and to
regularly attend the same from day to day, for which ser-
vice he shall receive the same fees that are allowed m the
Supreme Court for similar services, and also ten dollars
each day for his attendance on the court. And it shall be
the duty of the marshal of the district where a court of
appeals is held, to attend the fame and provide therefor,
as he now attends and provides for the circuit courts held
in his district, and said marshal and his deputies and at-
tendants shall receive the same compensation and allow-
ance that is allowed for similar services in the circuit court
of said district. And the officers of the court of appeals
shall be governed by the same law.} and modes of proceed-
ing which govern the officers of the circuit and district
courts in cases where fees and compensation arc demanded
from the Treasury of tile United States.
Sec. Jo. And he it further enacted, That for the purpose
of bunging up causes from the district courts to the courts
of appeal, and from the latter to the Supreme Court, tho
Judges of the Supreme Court shall have power geneially to
allow wuts of eiror and appeals from the courts of appeals
to the district courts, and fiom the Supreme Court to the
court of appeals under the same regulations that have here-,
tofore governed said judges, allowing writs of error from
the Supreme Court to the circuit court; and the district
judges within their respective distiicts shall have the pow-
ers aforesaid in like manner, and to the same extent that
the Supieme Judges have it: Provided, That apnealsmay
be taken in open court in cases where an appeal will lie;
but in such cases a regular citation, signed by a presiding
judge, shall be served and returned to the appellate court.
Sec. 18. And he it further enacted. That as compensa-
tion to the distnctjtidg'es, and to the Judges of the Supreme
Court, for holding taid courts of appeal, they shall respect-
ively receive the same per diem allowance, and the same
mileage for travel to and from said courts, that is now paid
tomembeisot Congress for their attendance on the Con-
gress of the United States : Provided, That no judge shall
leceive mileage for attending said court more than once in
each year; nor shall per diem compensation be allowed for
attendance except when the court is actually engaged in
the business of the term; nor shall allowance be made for
mileage or attendance if the judge is absent from the term
of the court, for any reason whatever.
Sec. 17. And he it further enacted, That if a dangerous
disease shall prevail at the place of holding any court of
appeal at the time when a term commences, a majority of
the judges of said court may, by an order to the clerk there-
