m
THE COMGKESSICMAL fiLOBE.
January 5,
duties in the Supreme Court, and by diminishing
the amount of their circuit labors in the mode 1
have mentioned, they would be enabled to per-
forriyall their duties and have, probably, one half
the year to themselves.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I accord with a
•good deal that has been said by the Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Adams,] and yet itis not now a
question of how much jurisdiction we shall give
to the Federal courts. Their jurisdiction is given
bjr the Constitution. We cannot enlarge or di-
minish it. The question before us is how we can
best carry out profitably and properly the juris-
diction granted by the Constitution. My leaning
is, and always has been, altogether in favor of
sending.the judges of the Supreme Court to the
respective circuits, for the reasons so well stated
by the Senator from Illinois. Sir, those reasons
were slated in Congress fifty years ago, and
largely commented on then. It was a question
which interested the nation at that time, and it
received the attention of Congress. Senators will
recollect the history of what is called the midnight
judiciary law under Mr. Adams's administration,
which was passed on the 3^1 of March, 1801, just
as he went out of office, and by which he put m a
large number of judges. One of the first efforts
of the administration of Mr. Jefferson was to
secure the repeal of that law, and one great ground
of objection to it was thatit took the .Todies of ihe
Supreme Court from proper contact with the bar,
and the people of the respedive States. I think
that principle is worth maintaining still. I hold
in my hands the message of Mr. Jefferson to
Congress, in December, 1801, recommending the
" revision of that law. He goes into the details of
the reasons, why that revision was necessary. 1
need not read them, for everybody understands
them. The result was that those courts wete
abolished. A great question in that day was,
whether judges holding oiTioe by the tenure of
pood behavior could be legislated out of office, as
it was called. It was decided that they could,
and that has been the established principle of the
Government since. You cannot touch the officer
so long as the office remains, but you may abolish
the office.
1 repeat, Mr. President, that, so far as respects
myself, 1 wish to vote for a system that will keep
the Judges of the Supreme Court in contact with
the people of the respective States. I do not know
that the plan of the Senator from Illinois is the best
one which can be proposed with that view. J
have not examined it for th'e purpose ot' ascer-
taining that. I merely rose to state my impres-
sion on this subject, and to recall to the recollec-
tion of the Senate the fact that this question was
debated, and attracted public attention fifty years
ago. It, wasoneol the principal objects wluch was
accomplished, at the first session of Congress,
ut)ili*r Mr. Jefferson's administration.
Sir, there was one remark which fell from the
Senator from Mississippi, with which I do not
agree. I want a court with more than one judge.
1 never wish to see one judge sit alone on the
bench. He is liable to individual prejudices and
passions which may be controlled if there be two
or three associated with him. What is the expense
of one or two judges more or loss in the adminis-
tration of justice in this country ? I would not
consider it for a single moment. Every day you
Bee instances showing the propriety of having I
courts of more than one judge. I have lately seen I
a statement of a strange procedure of a court. It J
was a case where the court was supposed to be i
insul ted ,and there were ebullitions of passion from i
the judge which were very improper under the |
circumstances in which he was placed. I would I
control that by having more than one judge on the I
bench. J do not say that 1 would no't vote for a '
bill establishing a court with one judge; but I '
think that, under any judiciary system of the j
Union, either State or federal,"there should be j
More than one judge on the bench.
Mr. TOUCliY. I formerly, Mr. President, j!
concurred very much in the opinion that has been i j
expressed by the honorable Senator from Mich-jj
igan; but more mature experience and observation '
have convinced me that the system proposed by
this bill,is thetiue system under the Constitution,
and to meet the wants of the country. It is, to my
piind, a fatal objection to the substitute proposed
by my fiiend from Illinois, that it is not in itself
capable of meeting the wants of the country. Sir,
it is impossible that the Judges of the Supreme
Court of the United States should discharge the
duties of that court, and yet perform the duties
which will be required of them by the amendment
proposed by my friend from Illinois. It may
have been practicable in an early period of the
Government; but it is now impracticable. Sir,
what does it demand ? Why, that the Judges of
the Supreme Court shall not only perform the
duties incumbent upon them as Judges of the Su-
preme Court, but that they shall perform the oner-
ous duties of a circuit court, an inferior court, by
actual, personal attention to those duties over this
wide-spread country. Now, is that possible? Take
forexample,oneofthenearestcircuitSythatofNew
England, as proposed by thesubstituteof my friend
from Illinois. The business of the circuit judge
of New England is enough to occupy his entire
attention. Take the circuit comprehending New
York and Pennsylvania; the duties of a circuit
judge in that circuit are as great as one man can
possibly perform. And when you come to the
circuit comprehending Louisiana, I have no doubt
the same remark is true; the duties of that circuit
demand the full attention of one judge.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not certain that I un-
derstand the Senator from Connecticut, is he
under the impression that the substitute which I
propose requires Judges of the Supreme Court to
perform circuit duties at nisi prius ?
Mr. TOUCEY. Duties in the circuits*
Mr. DOUGLAS. The system is this: that the
duties now performed by the circuit and district
judges shall hereafter be performed by the district
judge, and an appeal may then be taken, either
from that cucuit or district court, as the case may
be, to the court of appeals of the circuit.
Mr. TOUCEY. I so understand it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I supposed the Senator was
under a misapprehension.
Mr. TOUCEY. Not at all. I say there are
these duties to be performed*, the duties of the
district court within the circuit, and the duties of
the circuit court within the circuit; and though
eases come up from the district court, and circuit
court, the business that will inevitably be trans-
ferred to that court will be amply sufficient to em-
ploy the full attention of one jodge. Bat 1 cotne
back, mr, to the system as it now is: we have a
Supreme Court, we have an inferior court, called
a circuit court; we have a still more inferior court,
culled a district court. There are three grades.
Now, I beg the attention of the Senate for a mo-
ment, to the theory of the Constitution, as I believe
it to be viewed by all the Judges of the Supreme
Court, past and present. The Constitution pro-
vides that
" The .indicia! power of the United States shall he vested
i in one Supreme Court, and iu such inferior courts aa the
j Congress may, trom time to tune, ordain and establish. The
| judo's., li'Jtli of tho S>upu>mft and inienot courts, shall hold
| then oHices during good bchav.or, and Shall, at stated
times, H'ecivi' tor their services a compensation which shall
not he diminished daring their continuance m office."
Sir, by your present system, you make a Judge
of the Supreme Court, appointed under the Con- !
stitution, also a judge of an inferior court. By j
what authority do you do that? According to the i
true theory of the Constitution, can you impose !
upon a Judge of the Supreme Court the office of j
a judge of the circuit court, and also the office of !
a judge of the district court, so that the same per- {
son shall hold the three offices, or two of them?
1 think that was not the theory of the framers of
the Constitution. Suppose there should beacon-
ffiet on that point; suppose the Judges of the
Supreme Court should be appointed judges of the
district court, as theynowareof the circuit courts,
would they be bound to assume those duties?
Being Judges of the Supreme Court, they hold by
the tenure of the Constitution. They are judges
of that one court. Can you require them to
attend to any other duties than the duties of Judges
of the Supreme Court under the Constitution ? I
acknowledge my mind has come to the conclusion
that the true theory of the Constitution is, that
the duties of the Judges of the Supreme Court
should be limited to that court, and that the judges
of the inferior courts should be distinct from the
Judges of the Supreme Court. Hut, however that
may be, since our domain has been so widely
extended, and the business of the Supreme Court j
has bo greatly increased, I think it is impossible
that the present system, or the system proposed I.
in the substitute, should be adapted to the actual
exigencies of the country.
It was formerly a very favorite idea that the
Judges of the Supreme Court should act as judges
of the circuit courts; but that has become now, to
a great extent, theory. You have passed a law
by which the Judges of the Supreme Court are
exonerated, practically, from the performance of
those duties in very many cases, and they may
be dispensed with in all cases except when the
bOsiness cannot otherwise possibly be transacted.
There is a large portion of the country where the
people have not the presence of a circuit court.
Jndeed,the present system cannot be applied to
the whole country. And this brings to my mintl
another objection, which I will merely state, and
that is, that every portion of the country is equally
entitled to the exercise of the power granted to
this Government by the Constitution. The people
in the remote western States, and on the Pacific,
as well as those in the Atlantic States, are entitled
to circuit courts and to district courts.
Again, I take objection to the substitute of my
friend from Illinois, that a Judge of the Supreme
Court is put upon the circuit court with the dis-
trict judges, and there he may be overruled by the
judges of the lowest court. He cannot be sup-
posed to control his associates upon the bench,
and you might as well dispense with his attend-
ance. According to the substitute, his presence is
of no importance except for the information he
would communicate to them. By it, a question
may come up in the proposed circuit court of ap-
peals, and in that court the district judges over-
rule him, and his opinion becomes ot no import-
ance, except as far as it may influence the other
members of the court.
Mr. President, the system presented by the bill
commends itself to my mind because it is capable
of adaptation to the country in all future time.
Without enlarging the Supreme Court you can
increase the number of circuits. You can appoint
able men in each of those circuits to discharge the
duties devolved on them by this bill, and thus the
system becomes complete and perfect. The dis-
tricts remain as now. You have, in the first
place, the district courts; you then have the cir-
cuit courts, in which there is a circuit judge to act
in the place of the Supreme Court Judge. You
have the Supreme Court where the Judges can
devote their whole attention, their whole time,
and all their labor to the discharge of the duties
which devolve upon them in that capacity, winch
is the highest.
It is said that there is a great advantage in call-
ing upon them to go among the people and to
traverse the country, as the judges of England
traverse that country. I have no doubt this idea
was derived from that source. It has been de-
parted from in many of the States; and I confess
that I think the true theory is, that the judg-a
of the highest court should know nothing of the
case before them, except what appears upon the
record; that they should take up the case and
apply the law, or apply the rules of equity to it,
as it is upon ihe record, and decide it according to
the true theory of the law in the one case, or of
equity in the other. If, on the other hand, a
Judge of the Supreme Court is obliged to lay aside
that office, and to assume the office of an inferior
court, and there try a case with a jury, or hear
a case, and pass upon it, he comes into the Su-
preme Court with impressions not derived from
the record, as it is laid before that court. So far
does this consideration now influence the Supreme
Court that a judge who sits upon a case m the
court below, does not participate in the delibera-
tion, although he is there present while his asso-
ciates are passing upon it. In my opinion, the
true theory is—and it is found to work well where
it has been adopted—that the court of last resort,
consisting of.able, learned, and impartial men,
looking to tiie case which is presented-to them
upon paper, should decide it as the rules of law
or of equity require them to decide it, instead of
being under the influence of extraneous impres-
sions, derived from any of their number liavmr
participated m the agitation of the case in the
courts below.
_ My honorable friend from Mississippi has ob-
jected to the proposed system, thatit increases the
number of judges, and that the Federal power
ought to be curtailed. In one respect I agree with
1 would limit strictly the Federal power in
him,
