1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
Mr. Giddings thereupon presented himself at
the bar of the House, and the Speaker adminis-
tered to him the usual oath of office.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion by Mr. WARREN, it was
Ordered, That thii Committee on Public Lands be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of
suhdry citizens of Madison county, New York, that the
terms of the bounty land law be extended so as to give to
each soldier m the war of 1812, without reference to the
time they served, the benefits thereof, and that the same
be laid on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post toad from Jasper, in Walker county,
Alabama, to Eiyton, in Jefferson county, in said State.
SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and resolution from the Sen-
ate were then taken up, read a first and second
time by their respective titles, and referred as
indicated below:
A billforthe relief ofCarolineB. Arnold. Com-
* mittee on. Military Affairs.
A resolution for the settlement of the claim of
the late firm of C. M. Strader & Co., mail con-
tractors. Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
A bill to increase the pension of Patrick C.
Miles. Committee on Naval Pensions.
An act to extend the provisions of an act enti-
tled "An act to provide compensation for the
services of George Morell in adjusting titles to
land in Michigan." Committee of Claims.
A bill for the relief of Betsy Whipple. Com-
mittee on Naval Pensions.
C. E. GRENEAUX.
The next bill in order upon the Speaker's table,
■was Senate bill (No. 531) for the relief of C. E.
Greneaux; whicn was read a first and second
time.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I ask the consent
of the House to put that bill upon its passage at
this time. I will state, in advance, that this bill
has been examined, I believe, by the Committee
on the Judiciary of this House. It is a bill for
the relief of a surety upon a bond. A bill was
passed seven or eight years ago for the relief of
other sureties, on the same bond. The petitioner
in this case asks now that the same relief be ex-
tended to him, and that is to enable the Secretary
of the Treasury to settle with him in such a
manner as he may deem most advantageous to the
public interest. Mr. Greneaux's property has
already been sold on a judgment rendered on the
bond. ( have 110 doubt the Committee on the
Judiciary, who have had this matter under con-
sideration, will confirm the statement which I
have made.
The bill, which was read in extemo, provides that
the Secretary of the Treasury be authorized to
examine into the.claim of the United Stales against
C. E. Greneaux, one of the sureties: of lienoit'!
Laurents, late a receiver of public moneys nt (he
land office at Natchitoches, in Louisiana, and the
circumstances of said Gteneaux, and to nettle and
discharge such claim on such terms as he shall
judge most for the interests ol the United States,
the same relief having been allowed in behalf of
his co-sureties by an act entitled " An act for the
relief of the estates of Benjamin Metoyer and
Francois Garienne," passed March 3, J847.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
~ and it wa3 read a third time, and passed,
Mr. JONES. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. PRATT. Has the bill passed ?
The SPEAKER. It has been passed, and the
question now is on the motion to reconsider and
lay upon the table.
Mr. PRATT. I would ask whether there was
a single gentleman upon this floor who heard the
contents of that bill when it was read; or whether
there was a vote aye or no upon its passage' I
did not hear one. I did not hear the provisions
of the bill, and do not know what it is for. I
hope the vote by which it passed may be recon-
sidered. The noise in the Hail was so great that
the members in this part of the Hall were unable
to hear what the bill proposed to do.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Connecticut, that the bill was
very distinctly read by the Clerk at his desk. In
the mean time vigorous efforts were made for the
preservation of order in the Hall. At all events,
no fault can be found with the Clerk. The bill
has been passed. The motion now is to recon-
sider the vote by which it was passed, and to lay
that motion upon the table.
The question was put; and, on a division, there
were—ayes 50 
Mr. CHANDLER. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jones, of
Louisiana, and Wheeler were appointed.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I wish to say a
few words.
[Cries of "Withdraw your motion to recon-
sider!"]
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, before asking the
Elouse to put the bill on its passage, I made a
statement of the purpose which it had in view. 1
spoke in an audible tone of voice, and intended
that every member in the Hall should hear what
I had to say. On that statement, and on it alone,
I asked that the bill be put on its passage.
1 shall now reiterate what I then said, and hope
that all may hear it. Mr. Greneaux, a gentleman
of exalted character, and now Secretary of State
of Louisiana, long years ago became surety on the
bond of a receiver of public moneys at Natchi-
toches, in that State There were two co-sureties.
That receiver became a defaulter. Suit was
brought, and judgment being obtained, the prop-
erty of Mr. Greneaux was sold under execution,
in the mean time, the other sureties had died, and
under our laws no execution could run against
their property. The heirs of these gentlemen
came here and asked for relief. A bill was passed
for that purpose, and authorized the Secretary of
the Treasury to settle with them in such manner
as he might deem most advantageous to the public
interest. That bill was passed some seven or eight
years ago. The property of Judge Greneaux has
been already sold. He now asks that a bill shall
be passed for his relief, in precisely the same
words of that passed for the relief of the other
sureties.
This bill has passed the Senate, and is, in
phraseology, exactly similar to that introduced by
me several days ago, and retirred,to the Committee
on the Judiciary. I am sure that it would receive
the unanimous approval of the members of that
committee. Knowing that the committee con-
curred with the Senate in the justice of the bill, 1
made the statement a short while since, and asked
that the bill be put on its passage. 1 am not one
who would attempt to take snap-judgment on this
House, and I most cheerfully withdraw the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill passed,
and that that motion be laid upon the table. Gen-
tlemen who oppose the measure can now take
what action they may please in the matter.
Mr. PRATT. I am satisfied with the expla-
nation made by the gentleman from Louisiana. I
am prepared to vote for the bill now because 1 j
understand it.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Speaker  
Mr. PRATT. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the lull was passed; and that that motion
be laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thought the gen-
tleman had finished his remarks, and recognized
the gentleman from New York.
Mr. HA VEIN". I am quite willing that this
matter should be brought to immediate termina-
tion, but I am apprehensive, from what the gentle-
man from Louisiana now says, that I, and may
be the House, misunderstood his first explanation.
I would inquire whether the bill proposes simply
to relieve Mr. Greneaux from a judgment against
him, or whether it provides for the settlement of
his account by the Secretary of the Treasury by
which he is to teceive back money already paid?
Mr. JONES. Not at all.
Mr. HAVEN. If the bill authorizes repay-
ment we ought to reconsider it; if not, it ought
to pass.
Mr. JONES. A large amount of the judgment
is still unpaid, and the object of this bill is to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to make
such arrangement with Judge Greneaux, who is
not able to pay the debt, as he may deem best
for the public interest. Precisely the same relief
has been granted to the other sureties.
Mr. HAVEN. I partially heard the first
explanation of my friend from Louisiana. I list-
ened to the bill, and thought it carried out the
proposition he suggested, that is, to release Mr.
Greneaux from the judgment against him; and,
with that understanding, 1 was prepared to pass
the bill. I understand him to say now that it is
so. Such, I think, is the fair construction of the
language of the bill. I think, therefore, that the
bill has been properly passed, and how move that
the vote by which it passed be reconsidered, and
that that motion be laid upon the table.
The bill was again read through at the request
of several members.
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask if the business
now in order is not the reception of reports of a
private nature from the standing committees ?
The SPEAKER. That is the first business in
order.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I feel very confident the
House will allow me to make a report from the
Committee on Military Affairs. It will occupy
but a few minutes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
committees for reports of a private character.
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, the Committee
of Ways and Means was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of Senate bill for the relief of
the Office of Indian Affairs; and the same was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WENTWORTH, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back Senate bill for the relief
of E. J. McLane; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and made the order
of the day for to-morrow.
Mr. UPHAM, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill forthe relief
of Richard White and Samuel Sherwood; which
received its firstand second readings, was referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, made*the
order of the day for to-morrow, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The Com-
mittee on the Judiciary have instructed me to
report back Senate bill for the relief of Israel
Johnson. It presents no question upon which
our committee can appropriately act, and we
therefore ask to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
It was so ordered.
Mr. S., from the Committee On the Judiciary,
also reported back Senate bill for the relief of J.
H. F. Thornton, Lawrence Talliaferro, and Hay
F. Talliaferro, sureties of D. M. F. Thornton,
late a purser in the United States Navy; which
was referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and made the order of the day for to-morrow.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Joseph Rtdgely; which was
read twice by its title, referred to a Committee of
the Whole Ilouse, made the order of the day for
to-morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WESTBROOK, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of Russell Minard, father of Theodore Minard,
deceased; which bill was read twice by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ETHERIDGE, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, leported a bill for the relief of
John Durgin, which was read twice by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BOCOCK. I have two or three reports to
make from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
which I am not, at this moment, 'prepared to
make. I ask the consent of the House to allow
me to make them later in the day.
The proposition was assented to.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported sundry bills; which
were read twice by their titles, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, made the order of the
day for to-morrow, and ordered to be printed.
