204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
Mr. WELLS) I ask leaye to introduce, for the
purpose of reference merely, a joint resolution,
" relative to the erection of the building in the city
of Milwaukie, for the custom house, post office,
and the United States courts."
Mr. LETCHER, i object, unless I can hear
the resolution read, so as to ascertain whether it
is one of inquiry or of instruction.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is a joint reso-
lution. - .
Mr. WEL/LS. . My object is simply to have it
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. LETCHER. W.ell, I take it that when
the Committee on Commerce build light-ho.uses
outside the United States, they will probably
spend more money .on custom-houses, ir.side.
[Laughter.] On that ground,I object to the intro-
duction of the joint resolution.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move that
when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet oh
Tuesday next, Monday being the 8th of January.
Mr. HOUSTON. There was no quorum on
the last vote.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There has been
no report of that fact to the House, though it may
have been ascertained in committee.
Mr. HAVEN. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Kentucky, that as we shall probably
adjourn over Monday any how, we had better
meet here to-morrow, and do something with some
of these litigated claims.
Mr. STANTON. But is not to-morrow " ob-
jection day''
Mr. HAVEN. No, sir.
Mr. STANTON. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion.
Several Members. "Oil, no."
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move that
when the House adjourns to-morrow, it adjourn
to meet on Tuesday next.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
suggest to the gentleman, that it will be time
enough to make that motion to-morrow.
Mr. STANTON. Time enough, if I can get
the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
can always get the floor for that purpose when a
motion is pending to adjourn, because it takes pre-
cedenee.
Mr. STANTON. Well, I prefer to insist on
my motion now.
Mr. IIOUS I'ON. It is not a privileged motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] asks tile utinni-
mous consent of ihe House to submit a motion
that when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet
on Tuesday next.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I object.
Mr. STANTON. The motion ia one of priv-
ilege.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair does
not so regard it.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. 'BAYLY, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man from New York to withdraw his motion,
until we pass those bills to which there was no
objection in the committee.
Mr. WHEELER. I will do so. I withdraw
my motion.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the bills renorted this morning from a Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
The following House bills, reported by the
committee, without amendment, were severally
"ordered to be engrossed and read a third lime; and
being engrossed, they were subsequently accord-
ingly read a third time, and passed:
"A bill for the relief of Thomas Underhi!!, exec-
utor of Thomas Underbill, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Stephen Lutz, of New
York;
A bill for the relief of John H. Kin?;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant
Andrew finly; and
A bill for the relief of Andrew H. Patterson.
The following Senate bills, reported by the
House, without amendment, were severally or-
dered to be read a third time; and having been
read a third time, were passed;
An act for the relief of the heirs and represent-
atives of Uriah Prewitt, deceased; and
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of James Erwin, of Arkansas, and others.
The following bills of the House were reported
by the committee, with amendments:
A bill for the relief of the widow and children
of Ezra Chapman, deceased;
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Joseph Savage, deceased; and
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Thomas
Parks, deceased.
The amendments of the committee were sever- j
ally concurred in, and the bills were ordered to j
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, they were subsequently read a third
time, and passed.
The following bills of the Senate were reported
from the committee, with amendments:
An act for the relief of Thomas Marston Tay-
lor; and
An act for the relief of Purser Francis B. Stock-
ton.
The amendments were concurred in, and the
bills were ordered to be read a third time; and
having been accordingly read a third time, were
passed.
The following bills were reported to the House
by a Committee of the Whole, with" a recom-
mendation that they do not pass:
A bill for the relief of Conrad Wheat, jr., or his
legal representatives; and
A bill to confirm the claim of William H. Hen-
derson, and the heirs of Robert Henderson, to
five hundred acresof land in the Bastrop grant.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 move that the bills be laid
upon the table.
Mr. COR WIN. I move that the committee be
discharged from their further consideration.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The committee
reported them back to the House with a recom-
mendation that they do not pass.
The question was taken upon Mr. Houston's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the bills w.ere laid on the table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The business
now in order is the motion made by the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Davis,] that when this
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday
next.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Can the prop-
osition be amended so as to provide that, when
the House adjourns to-morrow, it adjourn to meet
on Tuesday next?
The SPEAKER. )>«> tempore. The Chair thinks
not.
Mr. WHEELER. There is no quorum here,
and I object to the motion.
The SPEAKER. The House can ascertain
whether there is a quorum present by a vote upon
the motion.
The question was then taken on Mr. Davis's
motion; and, upon division, there were—ayes 20,
noes not counted. *-
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the House
adjourn.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative; and the House, therefore, at
twenty minutes past three o'clock, adjourned till
to-morrow at twtlve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Satufiday, Janiaiujli, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journalof yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. BOCOCK. I hold in ray hands a letter
from the Secretary of the Navy addressed to rae,
as chaiiman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
explaining more particularly the recommendation
in his annual report in relation to an increase of
the Navy, which 1 ask to have printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. MAXWELL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following reso-
lution :
Rcsohed, That the President of lite United Slates he
requested to fnniMi to this I[niiso a statement of the num-
ber of persons holding office undei tile different Departments
of Government, wh;u number of these are of foieisjn birth,
and what numti.tr of this latter class have been appointed
since the 4th of March, lfc53; said statement to specify the
whote number, and the number of foreign birth in each
different class of officers.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York* I object.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to make a personal explanation, and which will
take but a minuteor two of the time of the Mouse.
It is due to some other gentlemen, as well as to
myself, that I should make it. There is a state-
j ment m some of the newspapers in relation to
j the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia,
| [Mr. Bayly,] the chairman of the C^mmittte on
Foreign Affairs, made the other day, upon the
question of offering our mediation to the European
Powers now engaged in war, which, as it ha# gone
out, does a.little.injustice to myseli and the other
members of the committee. What*! wish to
state is, that when the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, two or three weeks ago, with great una-
nimity authorized me to report the mediation
proposition, the circumstance alluded to by the
gentleman from Virginia was not known to the
members of the committee. In point of fact, it
was made known to me, as well as to the gentle-
man from Virginia, only on the very day previous
to my speaking upon the subject. This fact ought
to be understood, because the members of the
committee would not probably have acted as they
did with a knowledge of this circumstance.
I say further, that, when that communication
was made, I informed the gentleman from Vir-
ginia that,m deference to the information, it would
not be necessary for him to call the committee
together to reconsider the subject, for that I would
waive the right for the present to report upon the
subject.
1 may further say, that the information does
not, in my judgment, change at all the propriety
of making the movement I suggested. But, for
reasons which it is not proper for me to state,
I decline taking any steps at this time. This
much I desire to be understood, in justice to the
opinions of the committee, and to myself.
PRINTING OP MAPS.
Mr. RIDDLE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Engraving to offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, Thatthe Committee on Engraving and th^y
aie hereby, authorized to eon h act for the lithographing and
priming ot nine hundred and thirty sets of tSie mop?* and
plates accompanjing the President's message and docu-
ments, provided the co&t shah not cxeeed $6U0
I merely rise to state that the committee did not
think it necessary to print and lithograph maps
and plates for the whole number of documents,
as it would cost $12>000. They therefore recom-
mend that a number sufficiently large for the use
of members and the libraries, be printed, litho-
graphedjand bound in calf.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. McMULLlN. I move that when this
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday
next.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
PROPERTY DESTROYED BY THE BRITISH.
Mr. READY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to grant me a request that has already
been made on a former occasion. It. is to set apart
a bill for consideration on a particular day; and I
ask permission, in connection with this applica-
tion, to make a few remarks. It is a bill provid-
ing for the payment of property destroyed by the
enemy in the war of 1812, in consequence of its
having been taKen into possession by our Army.
The reason why I am so solicitous that this bill
shall be made a special order, is that it will
cover a large class of cases of a similar character.
Numerous cases of the kind have been presented
by individual applications to the different branches
of Congress, which are now pending before the
Committee of Claims, and before the committee
of which I am a member. The examination and
disposition of such claims, occupy weeks of the
time of committees of this House before they are
ready to report upon them. If the bill to which I
have referred shall be taken up and disposed of,
the whole subject will be disposed of bv the con-
sumption of one tenth less time than will be neces-
sarily consumed if the House refuse to take up
and consider this bill.
For the purpose, therefore, of economizing the
time of the House, i move to make this bill, being^
No. 493 on the Calendarjthe special order for next
