1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
005
Tuesday week, which will be the 15th day of
the present month.
JMr. McMULLlN. I object to malting a
special order in this case.
EXTRA PAY TO PUBLIC PRINTERS.
Mr. READY. 1 now ask the unanimous cort
sent of the House to introduce the following joint
resolution, of which I gave notice a few days ago:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United, States, That thejulnt resolution passed by the
two IJousesof Congress on the 10th day of June, i?54, .en-
titled aj >int resolution to fix the compensation of the em-
ployees in the legislative department of the Government,
and to prohibit the allowance of the usual extra compensa-
tion to such as shall receive the benefits thereof, slwJI not'
be so construed as to increase the pay allowed by previous
laws to the public printer of the two Houses of Congress.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon order-
ing the resolution to be engrossed,and read a third
time.
Mr. READY. Before that question is put, I
desire to say a few words. I wish first to remark,
that in offering the resolution I did not intend to
cast any reflection upon the public printers of
either House of Congress. It is known to every
gentleman here that these persons have claimed an
additional compensation under the resolution of
the last session, to which the resolution I have
introduced refers, amounting to a very considera-
ble sum—in one instance, I believe, to $15,000.
I desiie to say further, that 1 can very well
understand that those gentlemen believed they
were acting upon a right which was secured to
them by the resolution which passed last session.
Indeed, air, I will sny, if 1 were proceeding as a
public functionary to decide whether those gentle-
men were entitled to claim such pay or not, I
should hesitate long in construing that resolution
before I should decide against them.
But while 1 say this, 1 say it under the con-
viction that it was not the intention of the House
to confcr upon those gentlemen any extra com-
pensation for their services. For one, having
voted for the bill, I have a right to speak. I never
anticipated that that resolution would extend its
benefits to the public printers. I supposed they
werff satisfied with the compensation already pro-
vided for them by existing laws. If 1 am not
mistaken in the opinion I entertain, that this
House did not contemplate extending any further
benefits to them under that resolution, than those
secured to them by previous laws, I trust there
will be no objection to the resolution which I
have offered.
Mr. HOBBINS. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, if it is his intention to
ask the House to put this resolution upon its pas-
sage at the present time?
Mr. READY. I do propose to do so, and I
demand the previous question upon ordering the
bill to be engrossed, and read a third time.
Mr. PR A TT. Will the gentleman from Ten-
nessee withdraw his demand for the previous
question, in order to allow me to move an amend-
ment to the resolution? The resolution does not
go quite far enough, although it is good as far
as it extends. 1 wish to offer an amendment, so
as to make the resolution include the Superintend-
ent of the Public Printing, as well as the public
printers. If the gentleman will allow me to offer
that amendment, I shall vote for the resolution.
■ Mr. READY. 1 will withdraw my demand
simply for that purpose.
Mr. PRATT. I now move to amend the res-
olution by inserting the words <( and the Superin-
tendent of the Public Printing," after the words
11 public printers."
Mr. READY. I renew the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move to refer
this resolution to the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. The motion cannot be made,
as the previous question has been demanded.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question was ordered to be now put.
The first question being upon the amendment,
v rspul; and the amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was then ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time, and being
engrossed, was subsequently read a third time.
Mr. RHADY. I move the previous question
upon the passage of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the resolution to which this resolution refers was
approved on tire 20th of July, 1854, instead of the
date stated in the resolution. If there is no objec-
tion, that correction will be made.
No objection being made, the correction was
made.
The' previous question was then seconded, and,
under the operation thereof, the resolution was
Mr. READY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. ROBBINS. I move that the House do
now resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
on thePnvate Calendar.
The question was put; and the motion wasagreed
to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar,
(Mr. Bocock, of Virginia, in the chair.)
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move, by the unani-
mous consent of the committee, that the commit-
tee proceed to the consideration of bills which shall
not be objected to, in the same manner as the com-
mittee proceeded yesterday. We came very near
finishing the Calendar last evening, and for the
purpose of disposing of the remaining cases to
which there may be no objection, I make the
motion 1 have indicated, commencing where the
committee left off yesterday.
By unanimous consent, the motion was agreed
to.
The first case which came up for consideration
was House bill (No. 504) for the relief of Tuns-
tall Q-uarles. [Objected to by Mr. Hamilton,
and laid over under the rule.]
House bill (No. 505) for the*reli«f of the heirs
of llignald, alias Nick Hillary, was taken up.
Mr. CHRISMAN. 1 understand the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Hamilton] withdraws
his objection to the last bill which was taken up,
for the relief of Ctuarles.
A Mbmbek. This is not objection day, and he
could not object.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair wishes to state
that his impression was, that, by unanimous con-
sent, the committee determined to proceed to the
consideration of such bills upon the Calendar as
should not be objected to, m the same manner as
if this were objection day, commencing where the
committee left off yesterday. Under that under-
standing the Calendar has been taken up; and the
bills to winch no objection shall be made will be
laid aside, to be reported to the House with a
recommendation that they do pass. Objection
was made to bill No. 504, and the Clerk has al-
ready proceeded to the next bill.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I object to going back,
as desired by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
CnuisMAN,] unless we go back and take up all the
bills which were objected to yesterday, but to
which objections were afterwards withdrawn.
The CHAIRMAN. That can only be done by
unanimous consent; and it is too late to object, to
the present course of proceeding, as the committee
has already proceeded to act, under the unanimous
consent of the committee.
Senate bill (No. 3G9) for the relief of W. P. S.
Sanger coming up in order, was read.
Mr. DUNHAM. I will state that there is no
report in this case, or at least no House report,
but 1 have in my possession a letter from Com-
modore Smith, which explains the whole matter.
I ask that the letter, which 1 send to the Clerk's
desk, may be lead.
Mr. HAVEN. I have no objection to the letter
being read; but I shall ask the gentleman who has
charge of the bill to so amend it as to make com-
i pensation in dollars and cents. I object to the
' payment of these claims in unknown quantities.
The letter of Commodore Smith was read.
Mr. TWEED. 1 object to that bill.
The bill was accordingly passed over.
Senate bill (No. 338) for the relief of Robert C.
Thompson, only surviving child and legal repre-
sentative of William Thompson, deceased, for-
merly a brigadier general in the Army of the rev-
olutionary war, coming up in order, was read.
Mr. HAMILTON. Is there a report ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
this is a Senate bill, and that the report, together
with the other Senate papers, were lost by the
Committee on Naval Affairs while the bill was
Mr. HOWE. If the committee will allow
me, I enn state the circumstances af the case in
three minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can pro-
eeed with his remarks, only by unanimous con-
sent.
There was no objection; and
Mr. HOWE proceeded: General Thompson
was a brigadier general in the revolutionary war.
He died a prisoner on parol. He was amongst
the first of the Pennsylvanians to enlist in the
war. He fought in South Carolina, and distin-
guished himself in the battle of Charleston Neck.
So much did he distinguish himself in this en-
gagement, that, with Generals Moultriefind Lee,
he received the thanks of Congress; and,at the
very next vacancy that occurred, he was raised
to the rank of a brigadier general. For five years
lie served as a brigadier general. Subsequently,
however, General Thompson fought at the battle
of the Three Rivers, -and was taken prisoner. He
died a prisoner on parol. This case has been
examined by a Senate committee, and 1 under-
stand theallowanceof theclaim was unanimously
recommended. It has also been examined by a
committee of this House, and received their
unanimous approbation.
The application is for seven years' half-pay. It "
was proved to the satisfaction of the committee,
as I understand, that he never received the half-
pay. I have myself examined the papers, and I
think they show a very clear case.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania at what time General Thomp-
son died ?
Mr. I10WE. 1 think it was in 1781.
Mr. HAMILTON. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania what evidence there is
that General Thompson never received the half-
pay to which he was entitled ?
Mr. HOWE. 1 understand that the Depart-
ments can furnish no evidence that he ever received
it. The Pennsylvania rolls at Harrisburg show
that he was entitled to it; but there is no evidence
that it has ever been paid.
Mr. McMULLlN. 1 object to the bill.
The bill was therefore passed over.
Senate bill (No. 182) for the relief of Thomas
Butler.
The act directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to payto Thomas Butler, of the city of New York,
the sum of $2,923, being; the cost of extra work
performed, and of materials furnished, in the con-
struction of a light-house on Execution Rocks, on
Long Island Sound, by order of the engineer in
charge, and not within the terms of his contract
for the erection of such light-house.
The report was read by the Clerk.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
Joint resolution (No. 35) for the relief of Charles
W. Morgan, William R. Rodman, and Edward
Merrill.
The resolution provides that the accounts be-
tween the United States and Charles W. ftlorgan,
William R. Rodman, and Edward Merrill, arising
under a contract between them, entered into De-
cember 8, 1837, for the supply of oil and other
articles for the light-houses, shall be audited,
adjusted, and settled by the First Auditor of the
Treasury, upon the principles of justice and equity,
and in conformity with said contract, to the time
of the abandonment or abrogation of the contract,
in May, 1839.
The report shows that in the year 1839, a disa-
greement arose between the Treasury Department
and the petitioners, as to the true interpretation of
a contract for the supply of oil, &c., for the light-
houses, for fiveyears. The contractors demanded
payment, about the first of April, for the amount
of light-house' supplies for the entire year, in
conformity, as they allrged, with the fourth articl°
of the contract, which says: " The said sum to
be paid to the party of the second part on the 1st
day of April in each year, or as soon thereafter
as may be, during the continuance of this con-
tract." The Secretary refused to make the pay-
ment, alleging that the law of the 31st of January,
1823, forbade him to pay for any supplies or
articles until they were delivered. This was a
