.1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
mit me to say a word in reply to what my col-
leastue on the committee has stated.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Letcher] has objected, and discussion
not in order.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw my objection to
the bill in order that the gentleman from Georgia
sway make the statement he desires to make,
i 4 Mr. HILLYER. I merely wish to state, that
I remember very well when this case was before
the committee. It was some months ago, but I
do not remember, therefore, all the circumstances
that occurred upon that occasion. We had con-
siderable discussion then whether we should adopt
the principle embraced in this report. The exten-
sion of proof in relation to pensions was very
strongly opposed by several members of the com-
mittee. My recollection is, that the committee
did finally conclude to report this bill, and submit
it to the House, in order that they might determine
whether the principles of the bill should be adopted
or not for the future action of the Government.
X concur fully in the view of this matter taken by
ray colleague on the committee, from Ohio.
Mr. HAVEN. I renew the objection.
So the bill was laid over, under the rules.
Senate bill (No. 334) for the relief of Frangois
Cousin.
The bill in this case provides, that Frangois
Cousin shall be confirmed in his title to all those
parts of sections twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two,
twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-
six, twenty-seven, twenty-eight, twenty-nine,
thirty-five, and thirty-six, in township eight
south, of range twelve east, which are included
within the limits of the original claim of the said
Frangois Cousin,filed before the commissioner to
adjust private land claims in Louisiana; also, all
that parcel of land described as section forty, in
township eight south, of range twelve east, and
section thirty-seven, in township eight south, of
range thirteen east, ali being in the parish of St.
Tammany, and State of Louisiana.
From the report in this case, it appears that
Frangois Cousin, senior, father of the petitioner,
about the year 1770, settled upon and cultivated
a tract of land bordering on the bayou Lacombe,
in the Province of Louisiana; that, from the affi-
davit of Charles Trodeau, late surveyor general
of the said Province.it appears "that, in the
year 1785, Mr. Frangois Cousin presented four
decrees, or grants, forming;, together, forty arpens
front on the right bank of the bayou Lacombe,
and one hundred and twenty arpens in depth;"
that the same were recorded by him in the record
books, which were destroyed by (ire in the year
1788.
It also appears, that said Francois Cousin, senior,
"continued to reside upon ana cultivate the said
lands until the time of his death, and that his son,
the petitioner, has, since the death of his father,
also resided upon and cultivated the said lands.
It also appears, that the claim of said Frangois
Cousin was filed with the commissioner to adjust
private land claims in the Territory of Louisiana,
who, in his report, classed the said claim among
the "anomalous claims" as No. 21, and which
was not confirmed by the commissioner, but
favorably recommended for the consideration of
Congress.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (No. 223) for the relief of Susan
Coody and others.
The bill in this case provides that the sum of
#1,992 62 shall be appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be
paid to Susan Coody and others, of the Cherokee
tribe of Indians, for property destroyed near Fort
Gibson by United States soldiers, on the 12:h of
March, 1815, in the proportion and sums respect-
ively due them, according to the report of the
Committee of Indian Affairs on the Senate of June
24, 1850.
The report, which was read, shows that the
houses of Susan Coody and others were, in 1845,
burned andSteslroyed by an armed band of soldiers
stationed at Fort Gibson, (in the Cherokee coun-
try,) who were afterwards tried and convicted.
The destruction of the house was attended by
the loss of the contents of the same, consisting
of furniture, clothing, &c. The applicants for
remuneration were not implicated in any of the
causes which led to this outrage upon those un-
offending citizens of the Cherokee nation. It also
appears that, by the law of Congress of 1834, the
Government is liable to pay for all losses arising
under such circumstances, if the offender is un-
able to pay the same.
Mr. LETCHER. T move to amend the bill
by adding thereto the following words:
Provided, The said sum be received in full of all de-
mauds against the Government on that account.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do
House bill (No. 523) for the relief of Captain
Isadore D. Beaugrand.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Isadore D. Beaugrand,
$242 45, for expenses incurred and money ex-
pended by him for subsistence, quarters, and
transportation, furnished to E. D. Bradley's com-
pany of Ohio volunteers, from June 1, 1846, to
the 5th of the same month, when they were mus-
tered into the service of the United States for the
Mexican war.
It appears from the report, that a company of
volunteers for service in the Mexican war was
raised in the vicinity of Sandusky, Ohio. That,
previous to said troops being multered into ser-
vice, it became necessary to subsist the same
at Sandusky, from the 1st to the 5th of June,
1846, inclusive; that thelowest price at which said
troops could be subsisted, was eighty-one and a
quarter cents per day, for boarding and lodging,
and that this price was actually paid by Beaugrand,
their lieutenant; that the amount so expended by
Captain Beaugrand, including eighteen dollars paid
for transportation of baggage and provisions be-
tween Lower Sandusky and Maumee City, was
pr>o 21.
On presenting his account, to the War Depart-
ment, the item for transportation was allowed,
and the daily allowance for subsistence and lodg-
ing reduced from eighty-one and a quarter cents
to twenty-five cents, making the aggregate sum
allowed $87 40, instead of $350 21, the sum act-
ually expended by Beaugrand, and leaving a
balance of fld'2 81; for which, together with in-
terest on the same, he now claims payment.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 want to mnke an inquiry
ofthegentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Howe,]
and it may be that, upon his answer, I shall let
the bill be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass. The law referred to
in the committee's report authorizes claims of this
sort to be settled at the War Department. This
seems to be the only case from the State of Ohio
which remains unsettled; and the reason I under-
stand to be, that the War Department, in the adjust-
ment of the other claims, have allowed only twenty-
five cents the day for feeding the soldier, while
in this one eighty-one and a quarter cents the day
is claimed. The gentleman may probably be able
to remove the apprehension which I entertain in
regard to the matter. At any rate, I can hear
what he has to say. If eighty-one and a quarter
cents be allowed this man for feeding the soldiers
of his company, the probability is, that every
other captain of a company who had to feed his
soldiers will come back for the difference between
eighty-one anil a quarter cents and the twenty-
five cents, which they have received. I do not
want to establish any such rule as that. By the
proviso to the act of June 2, 1848, it i3 provided,
that proof shall be made, to the satisfaction of the
Secretary of War, of the amount thus expended,
and that the same was necessary and proper for
the troops aforesaid. That covers everything, and
the claimant ousht to go, for the adjustment of his
account, to the War Department.
Mr. HOWE. I reported the bill which is now
under consideration, and, if there be no objection,
I will make a brief explanation in reply to the
gentleman from Virginia.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia was allowed to make an inquiry of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, and unanimous con-
sent being allowed the inquiry, the Chair is of the
impression that the gentleman may reply to it.
Mr. HOWE. The allowance of twenty-five
cents per day is the allowance to the States for the
quartering of troops. This claim is for the quarter
of troops before they were mustered into the Uni-
ted States service. The act isclear on this subject.
The joint resolution of Congress of the 2a of
March, 1847, authorizes the Secretary of War to
cause to be refunded R) the several States, or to
individuals, for services rendered, acting under the
authority of any State, the amount of expenses
incurred by them in organizing, subsisting, and
transporting volunteers previous to their being
mustered into the service of the United States for
the war; and, by the act of 2d June, 1848, the
provisions of this resolution were " extended so
as to embrace all cases of expenses heretofore
incurred in organizing, subsisting, and transport-
ing volunteers previous to their being mustered
and received into the service of the United States
for the present war, whether by States, counties,
corporations, or individuals, either acting with or
without the authority of any State, provided,
however, that proof shall be made, to the satis-
faction of the Secretary of War, of the amount
thus expended, and that the same was necessary
and proper for the troops aforesaid."
Now, this man presents himself here with proof
that, during four or five days before the mustering
of these troops into the service, he subsisted them
at Sandusky, Ohio; that he was compelled to
quarter them at the hotels of the place, and that
eighty-one and a quarter cents the day each, was
the lowest price at which he could procure them
subsistence. Gentlemen will see, by reference to
the*report of the committee, that three of the del-
egation from the State of Ohio, now on this floor,
[Messrs. GuEEN,lindslev,and Eiigerton,! have
corroborated the statement made by the claimant.
They state from their knowledge and acquaintance
with Captain Beaugrand, that they are satisfied
that he acted in good faith, and used all exertion
to subsist his men at as low a rate as possible;
and that the price of eighty-one and a quarter
cents was, in their opinion, as low as subsistence
and quarters could be obtained in the place at the
time. He proves that the expenditure was neces-
sary and proper, and that he obtained subsistence
anu quarters as cheaply as they could be obtained.
It is under these circumstances that he asks, not
bounty, but the repayment of the money expend-
ed by him in accordance with existing laws.
Mr. LETCHER. My friend does not meet
the point. The law which he has referred to pro-
vides 
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to further debate.
If the gentleman from Virginia objects to the bill,
let him do so without discussion.
Mr. LETCHER. I do object to it. '
Joint resolution (No. 36) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant J. C. Carter.
The bill, which was read, provides that, in the
settlement of his accounts, Lieutenant J. C. Car-
tershall beallowed such expenses as were incurred
by him whilst acting as purser on board the ship
Massachusetts, undergoing repairs at San Fran-
cisco.
From the report of the committee, it appears
that from the facts stated in Lieutenant Carter's
application, taken in connection with the letter of
the Secretary of the Navy, the committee feel no
i hesitation in recommending to the House that he
I should be allowed, in the settlement of his account
whilst acting as purser on board of the Massa-
chusetts, stationed at San Francisco, the account
made out by him, and rendered to the Fourth
Auditor, but which was rejected by that officer.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 524) for the relief of Charles
J. Porcher, acting purser of the brig Falmouth.
The bill, which was read in extenso, provides
that the proper accounting officer be, and he is
|j hereby,authorized and directed to pay to Charles
J. Porcher, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the amount property
payable to a purser of the rank assigned to a
sloop-of-war, for his services as acting purser of
the United States sloop-of-war Falmouth whilst
on service in the Pacific ocean, from the date of
the death of Purser William B. Hartwell until
the appointment of John Y. Mason, jr., in his
stead, to wit; from July 12, 1848, to March 14,
1850, deducting therefrom the amount paid to the
said Porcher for the-same period as commander's
clerk.
From the report of the committee, which was
read, it appears that Charles J. Porcher was the
