THE ('ONdRKSSlONAI. GLOBE.
JTHE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF COiNGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Sess
TUESDAY, JANUARY 9; 1855.
New Series....No. 14.
* •- A bill for the relief of Mrs. Ann W. Angus.
Also, the following bills of the Senate, with
amendments:
A bill for the relief of Thomas Marston Tay-
lor; v
A bill for the relief of Purser Francis B. Stock-
ton;
„ .A b'll for the relief of Frederick Vincent, ad-
ministrator of James Le Caze, survivor of Le
Caze & Mallet; aftcl
A bill for the relief of Susan Coody and others.
Also, that the House had passed the following
bills and joint resolutions:
A bill lor the relief of Thomas Underhill, exec-
utor of Thomas Underhill, deceased;
_ A bill for the relief of Stephen Lutz, of New
York;
- A bill for the relief of John FI. King;;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant
Andrew Finly;
A bill for the relief of Andrew H. Patterson;
- A bill for the relief of the Widow and children
of Ezra Chapman, deceased;
• A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Joseph Savage, deceased;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Thomas
Park, deceased;
A bill for indemnifying Moses D. Ilogan for
, cattle destroyed by the Indians in 1842.
A joint resolution for the relief of Charles W.
Morgan, William R. Rodman, and Edward Mer-
rill;
A bill for the relief of James Holstin;
A bill for the relief of William Case;
A joint resolution for the relief of Lieutenant
J. C. Carter;
- A bill for the relief of Charles J. Porcher, act-
ing purser of the brig Falmouth;
A bill for the relief of Jeptha L. ITeminger;
A bill for the relief of Lot Deivis; and
- A joint resolution explanatory of a joint reso-
ution of the two Houses, approved July 520, 1804.
VETERANS OF THE WAR OF l&W.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I have a resolu-
tion to present, which I hope will pass, not only
immediately, but unanimously. It is for thepur-
pose of giving seats upon the floor of the Senate
to the officers and soldiers of the war of 181$, now
assembled in convention in thiscity. It is a small
tribute of respect to patriotic men, once soldiers,
but always citizens, who, in the days of their
country's trial and weakness, bore her standard
proudly, though amid many vicissitudes, to vic-
tory and to peace; and who now, in the days of
her power and prosperity, have strong claims upon
her affection and her gratitude. The lecogmuon
of their services, in all proper modea, is due, not
less to our own justice, than to their worth. They
voluntarily exchanged the hearth for the camp;
and upon the sea-board, the frontier, and in a for-
eign land, they repelled the invader, resisted the
Indian, and met and overcome disciplined troops,
proud of their success in the Old World, and who
anticipated, not a contest, but a triumphal pro-
cession in the New. And all this was done amid
penis and privations incident to such a war under
such circumstances, but which none can fully ap-
preciate but those who witnessed and participated
in them.
Many of these gallant men look upon this stately
edifice,' where we are now sitting, for the first
time; but ail of them know the worse than Gothic ,
injury it received, and know, too, how soon it j
resumed its strength and beauty—a true emblem ;
of the energy of our country. |
And now, when no visible memorials remain to :
testify to those days and deeds of trial; when they j
have been swept away by the advancing tide of i
improvement, and when this great Republic has :
moved onward, carrying with it all the elements j
of power and prosperity, and with a rate ol prog- j
ress hitherto unknown in the history of the world,;
let ns not forget those who, in the second war of'
Independence, maintained the principles and fo!- j
lowed the examples taughtto us, and to the world,
in the first. '
14
I was yesterday amongthose interesting remains
of a great national struggle. I was proud to make
one of them. It was a gratifying and imposing
spectacle, and I thank God I have lived to see it.
It excited emotions I should in vain attempt to
describe. From the East and the West, from the
North and the South, they have come together as
they will never come together again till they meet
in that great congregation where the human fam-
ily must one day meet before the Judge of all the
world.
Time has passed lightly over a large portion of
those true-hearted men, considering the long inter-
val which has elapsed since their military services
and their visit to the seat of Government. The
march of forty years has necessarily thinned their
ranks and left its effects upon their frames; but it
has not quenched the fire of their eyes, nor bowed
their spirits, nor abated their patriotism, nor
raised one doubt but that their country will always
remember the old soldier.
I present the following resolutions, and ask the
Senate to adopt them immediately:
Resolved, That the officers ami soldiers of the war of
1H12, now holding a convention in thu city, be invited to
occupy scats upon the floor ot the Heuatc, without the bar,
during the bitung of such convention.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate communicate
it copy of this resolution to the purulent of the convention
for th<! information ot the inetnhers.
The resolutions were considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. MASON presented the petition o''Alexan-
der It. Boteler, one of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Robert Stockton, anassistant quar-
termaster in the revolutionary army, praying the
passage of an act for the settlement of his accounts;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of soldiers
of the war of i8I^J, residing m the fourth con-
gressional district of Illinois, praying a grant of
land and pensions; which was ordered to he on
the tabic.
Mr. WELLER presented the petition of Isaac
Williams, praying a remuneration for merchan-
: dise and provisions distributed to the chiefs and
people of the Coahuila and San Louis Rey tribes
of Indians, at Rancho del Chmo, California; which
-was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WELLER. I also present the petition of
j Isaac Williams and J. T. Warner, on behalf of
! the heirs of Pablo and JosO Apis. They repre-
sent that Pablo and Jose Apis obtained a grant
from the Mexican Government on the 7th of
November, 181f>, of a large quantity of land in
California, said to cover valuable mines. The
heirs having no puaidian to look after their
interests, the claim was not presented to the board
of land commissioners for adjudication; and the
time has expired withm which, according to law,
such claims could be presented to the board.
They ask that they may be allowed now to pie-
sent their claim to the board, which is sitting in
California. I move the reference of the petition
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of Domi-
nic Lynch, praying to be allowed pay as master
while he acted in that capacity on board the
United States schooner Shark in 1840-41; which
was refened to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the petition of Captain James Mc. Mcin-
tosh, praying compensation for losses sustained
by the wreck of the United States schooner Fire-
brand, in 1819; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Jane McCrabb, the
widow of Captain James W. McCrabb, late of
the United States Army, praying an appropriation
of certain moneysequitably due her deceased hus-
band for special and extra-official services in the
Florida war; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. COOPER presented four petitions of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, praying the establishment of
a. light-house at the lower end of Tinicum Island,
in the river Delaware; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Also, a petition of the Academy of Natural
Sciences, of Philadelphia, praying that the earliest
possible succor may b§ afforded to Dr. Kane and
his companions, by sending out a relief expedi-
tion, under the auspices of the United States Gov-
ernment; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of sol-
diers of the war of 1812, and residents of Durham,
Androscoggin county, Maine, praying pensions
to the officers, soldiers, and seamen, who served,
in that war, and to the widows of those deceased;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Also, the petition of Jesse Barker, praying to
be allowed an invalid pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of John Hinkley, grandson
of John Hinkley, a captain in the revolutionary
army, praying compensation for the services of
his grandfather during the Revolution; which was
referred to the Committeeon Revolutionary Claims.
Also, tke'petition of Dorcas Carey, widow of
Peter Carey, a soldier of the war of 1812, praying
to be allowed the same amount of pension as was
granted to her husband; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of the heirs of Edward Green,
praying to be allowed arrears of pay, bounty
land, and extra pay, for his services as a soldier
in the war of 1^12; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. WALKER presented the memorial of
Telia M. Crosby, daughter of Andrew Crosby,
late a purser in the Navy, who lost his life in the
service, praying that the pension allowed her may
be extended; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BRODUEAD presented a petition of citi-
zens of Cumberland county, Pennsylvania, who
served in the war of 1812, praying to be allowed
bounty lands and pensions; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
CAPTURE OF THE BRITISH SHIP LEVANT.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I have been
requested by CommodoreStewartand others, offi-
cers of the United States frigate Constitution, to
present their memorial, praying for remuneration
for the loss of the ship Levant, which became a
prize of war to the frigate Constitution, on the
20th of February, 1815. It will be remembered,
sir, that at that time the Constitution, commanded
by Captain Charles W. Stewart, engaged two
British ships of war, the Cyane of thirty-four
guns, and the Levant of twenty-one guns, and
after an action of some forty minutes, captured
them both. They were afterwards carried into
the harbor of Porta Praya, in the Island of St.
Jago, one of the De Verdes—a Portuguese island.
On the 10th of March succeeding, about twenty
days after the capture, while these ships were
lying under the batteries of the Portuguese Gov-
ernment, a squadron, composed of three British
frigates, under the command of Sir George Col-
lier, appeared off the harbor, and it became imme-
diately necessary for the Constitution with her
prizes to leave that port, because it was manifest
that there was no disposition on the part of the
Portuguese Governmenttoprotect her. The Con-
stitution, with one of her prizes, the Cyane, es-
caped this squadron. She brought the Cyane to
Boston, where she was condemned as a prize of
warjand the officers and crew of the Constitution, •
under the act of Congress existing at that time in
relation to captures of this description, became
the sole owners of the vessel condemned as a
prize. The Levant, however, was impressed and
compelled to return under the guns of the Portu-
guese battery, and while lying there, she was
captured without an effort on the part of the Por-
tuguese batteries to prevent it.
I ought to remark'also, sir, that while the Con-
stitution was" getting underway, the Portuguese
