210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
batteries fired upon her, and several shots struck
her about the bows, and a number passed over
her. There was manifested in the. whole affair, on
the part of the Portuguese, a decided hostility to
us, and a decided partiality for the British squad-
ron. .....
The Levant was recaptured clearly in violation
of the neutrality of Portugal. Our own Govern-
mentafterwards, in its correspondence, recognized
the liability of the Portuguese Government for the
capture ot this ship by the British. A. decision
was made in the district court of the United States
for the southern district of New York, to this
effect: that the two ships captured by the Consti-
tution were of superior force to her own, and
therefore, under the operation of the act of Con-
gress on the subject, the captors of course became
entitled to the whole value of the ships captured.
The Congress of the United States passed an act
giving the captors of the Levant |25,000 ("or their
gallantry, to be deducted out of such sum as
should thereafter be paid by the Portuguese Gov-
ernment in consequence of the violation of its
neutrality.
In the year 1851 a convention was made by this
Government with Portugal. That convention was
a settlement of the existing claims against Portu-
gal. It embraced, amongst other things, provision
for indemnity to the crew and officers of the priva-
teer General Armstrong; but no provision what-
ever was made for the case which 1 have the honor
now to introduce to the consideration of the Senate.
It may be considered that, under the provisions of
that convention,all the claim on Portugal has been
entirely abandoned. If that be true, undoubtedly
this Government has made itself responsible for
the difference between the $25,000 which was ad-
vanced by the Government and the actual value
of the ship.
But, sir, it is not my purpose, at this time, to enter
into any discussion on the merits of the complaint.
I im*iely rose to move the reference of the subject
to lhe proper committee, which will, I trust, give
it a thorough and attentive consideration. I rrove,
accordingly, that the memorial be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS PROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives, making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 185C, reported back the same with sun-
dry amendments.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was recommitted a Pill for
the increase and better organization of the Army,
and for other purposes, reported back the same
with sundry amendments.
Healso, from the same committee, to whom was
referred a bill from the House of Representatives,
for the relief of Charles II. Wilgus, .submitted an
adverse report thereon; which was oidered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was ..referred the petition of Jacob Dodson, a
private of Captain Ilichard Owens'a company in
the California battalion, commanded by Lieuten-
ant Colonel J. C. Fremont, in the war with Mex-
ico, praying to be allowed bounty land, and other
allowances granted by law to other volunteers in
the same war, submitted a report, accompanied
bya bill for his relief; which was read, and passed
to a second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Lieutenants John C.
McPerran and Samuel D. Sturgie, praying that
they may be allowed the difference between their
pay in their regiments, and that allowed an assist-
ant adjutantgeneral, for the time they respectively
performed the duties of the last named officer,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for their
relief, which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Joseph T. Walker,
attorney in factof sundry citizens of Florida, ask-
ing compensation for horses lost in the service of
the United States, submitted an adverse report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
■was referred the petition of John Hudry, of Lou-
isiana, praying remuneration for services and ad-
vances made for the defense of New Orleans in
1814-'15, submitted an adverse report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of William Wells and
twenty-one other members of Captain Gee's com-
«pany of Alabama volunteers, praying to be reim-
bursed losses sustained in the sale of their horses
in Mexico, for which they were refused transpor-
tation to the United States, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
He, also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Daniel Kelley, pray-
ing compensation for his losses and suffering
during his imprisonment in the Island of Cuba,
in 1816, submitted an adverse report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Isaac Hulse, asking
indemnity for the injury sustained by his property
in the erection of the barracks of the United States
at Barrancas, Florida, submitted an adverse report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. COOPER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred a bill
from the House of Representatives, for the relief
of the legal representatives of Colonel John H.
Stone, reported it back without amendment.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a bill amendatory
of, and supplementary to,an act approved August
4, 1854, entitled " An act to graduate and reduce
the price of the public lands to actual settlers and
cultivators," reported it back with an amendment,
in the form of a substitute.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, gave notice of his
intention to ask leave to introduce a bill for an
increase of the pension of Captain Ephraim Shaw,
late of the United States Army.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DOUGLAS asked and obtained the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to
authorize and facilitate the construction of a north-
ern, a southern, and a central Pacific railroad, and
magnetic telegraph through the territories of the
United Slates; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the select com-
mittee on the subject of a Pacific railroad.
PENSION, BOUNTY LAND, AND PATENT
LAWS.
Mr. STUART submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate he, and lie is'
ben by, authorized to pmehase tor the use of the Wenate,
 thousand copies of Bennett's Compilation of the
Pens'ion, Bounty Land, and Patent LaiVhi Provided,Tho
eo.-t of the same shall not exceed two dollars per volume :
.1 nd provided further, That said work shall contain all the
pension, homily land, and patent laws that may be passed
at the present session ot" tins Congress.
SUBMARINE ARMOUR.
Mr. JAMES submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs inquitc
into the expediency of obtaining submarine aimours lor the
use ot the naval service.
CONTINUANCE OF PENSION.
Mr. CHASE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of continuing to Mrs. Lew-
riglu Browning, the pension allowed to her by the act of
September 20, 1^50.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. EVANS. Thebtll "to provide for the final
settlement of the claims of the officers of the revo-
lutionary army, and of the widows and orphan
children of those who died in the service," was
partially discussed at the last session, but was not
then disposed of. On my motion it was, during
the present session, made the special order of the
day for the first day of January instant. It so
happened, however, that the Senate did not meet
on that day, and the bill was not considered. I
now move that the bill be taken up, merely for the
purpose of making it the special order for next
Thursday. I trust the Senate will agree to that.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill; and, on,
motion by Mr. Evans, it was postponed to, ana
made the special order for, Thursday next, at one
o'clock.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bills and joint resolutions received from the
House of Representatives were read twice by their
titles and referred—
The bill for the relief of Thomas Underhill,
executor of Thomas Underhill, deceased—to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
The bill for the relief of Stephen Lutz, of New
York—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill for the relief of John H. King—to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The bill for the relief of the htirs of Lieutenant
Andrew Finly—to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims.
The bill for the relief of Andrew H. Patterson—
to the Committee on Commerce.
The bill for the relief of the widow and children
of Ezra Chapman, deceased—to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
The bill for the rehef of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Joseph Savage, deceased—to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Thomas
Park, deceased—to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims.
The bill for indemnifying Moses D. Hogan for
cattle destroyed by the India.ns in 1842—to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The joint resolution for the relief of Charles W.
Morgan, William R. Rodman, and Edward Mer-
rill—to the Committee on Commerce.
The bill for the relief of James Holstin—to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The bill for the relief of William Case—to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The joint resolution for the relief of Lieutenant
J. C. Carter—to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The bill for the relief of Charles J. Porcher,
acting purser of the brig Falmouth—to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
The bill for the relief of Jeptha L. Heminger—
to the Committee on Pensions.
The bill for the relief of Lot Davis—to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
The joint resolution explanatory of a joint res-
olution of the two Houses, approved July 20,
1854—to the Committee on Printing.
THOMAS MARSTON TAYLOR.
The Senate proceeded to consider the bills
returned from the House of Representatives with
amendments.
The bill for the relief of Thomas Marston Tay-
lor, as passed by the Senate, proposed to direct
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
allow to Mr. Taylor, a purser in the United States
Navy, in the settlement of his accounts, such de-
ficiency as he shall show to exist by reason of his
making deposits of Treasury notes in the Phrenix
Bank, at Charlestown,Massachusetts,subsequent
to April, 1842,and also to allow him such reason-
able and proper expenses as he has actually in-
curred and paid, in prosecuting any suit brought
to enforce the supposed priority of the claims of
the United States over other creditors upon the
assets of the bank in the hands of trustees, the
proper evidence thereof being furnished by Taylor
to the accounting officers.
The amendment of the House was to strike
out the provision allowing Taylor the expenses
which he incurred in prosecuting the suit referred
to in the bill, and to insert, at the end of the
provision allowing hirn the amount lost by hia
deposits in the Phoenix Bank, Charlestown, this
proviso:
Provided, That the said sum shall be received in full of
all demands against the Government on this account.
Mr. FiSH. In order that this matter may be
investigated, I move to refer the bill and amend-
ment to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
SUSAN COODY AND OTHERS.
The bill for the relief of Susan Coody and
others was refurned by the House with an
amendment, which was to add:
Provided, That the same shall be received in full of all
demands against the Government on this account.
_ Mr. STUART. I suppose there are several
bills of that character sent back to the Senate
