THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
accordingly; and that, in my judgment, is done
by the bill, the first section of which is proposed
to be stricken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand the ques-
tion before the Senate at the present time to be on
striking out the first section of the bill, and that
the object of the motion made by the honorable
Senator from Missouri is simply to test the sense of
the Senate as to whether, at this time, the Senate
are prepared to say that the country ought to dis-
pense, for the future, with any services of the
Judges of the Supreme Court of the United States,
on their respective circuits. That I suppose to be
the simple question, and the sole object which
the Senator wishes to attain.
For one, sir, I am not prepared to say, that I
think the time has arrived, or that the necessity
is upon us, when we must decide that all those
duties, heretofore performed by the Judges of the
Supreme Court on circuit, can be, or ought to be,
dispensed with. One thing I believe, Mr. Presi-
dent, will be. admitted, certainly by all the mem-
bers of this "body who are lawyers, and perhaps
by all; and that is, that the system now m exist-
ence, is a most admirable system. It has given
very great satisfaction to the country. It has
proved, on trial, to be one which has resulted in
great good, and I believe there are complaints of
it nowhere. The judiciary act of 1789, has
been considered as second only to the Constitu-
tion itself, in the wisdom of its provisions. If so,
the question arises, whether there is, at present;
such an absolute necessity as compels the country
to abandon an important portion of that system,
and resort to another ?
Sir, it has been intimated by the honorable Sen-
ator from Connecticut, and by the honorable Sen-
ator from South Carolina, and perhaps it is true,
(at least I know nothing to the contrary,) that the
unanimous opinion of the present judges of the
Supreme Court is that they cannot be called upon
constitutionally to discharge circuit duties; and
euch I understand to be the opinion of those Sen-
ators. That might have been the theory of the
Constitution, but it is hardly worth while to de-
bate it now. Grant that it is so; yet it must be
conceded that a practice to the contrary, under the
Constitution and under the act of 1789, from the
formation of this Government, has given a con-
struction to the Constitution which no one at
present will feel inclined to dispute.
Mr. TOUCEY. Will the Senator allow me to
explain ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. TOUCEY. I referred to the true theory
of the Constitution, not for the purpose of malting
a question upon a point which has been acquiesced
in since the foundation of the Government, but
as a reason why we should now go back to what
we think to be the true theory of the Constitution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It would justify us, un-
questionably, if we found it necessary; but I take
it that there is no particular reason, arising from
the proposed theory of the Constitution, why we
should return to what was abandoned at the very
formation of the Government, and has been con-
tinued in the same state ever since that time. 11 is
of no consequencwwhat it was, and the less we
say about it the better, if uniform construction and
Eractice have settled it otherwise. If such has
een the construction of the Judges of the Supreme
Court, it would seem to be implied that there was
some good reason for it. They would have raised
the question long before this, if it had not been for
the very strong reason operating upon the minds'
of the judges, that it would be for the good of the
country, or for the good of the court, that the
question should not be raised. If it had not been
their strong and decided impression and belief that
the system adopted by the act of 1789 was a wise
system, they would not have continued to go on
in the discharge of duties onerous to them, and
which they believed to be somewhat inconsistent
with what the Senator from Connecticut calls the
true theory of the Constitution.
On this point I have occasion to know some-
thing, because I was so told by a Judge of the
Supreme Court, not now living—no less a man
than the lamented Justice Story. He said that the
judges of the old court were unanimously of the
opinion that it was not the intention of the Consti-
tution that the Judges of the Supreme Court should
discharge circuit duties; but they were so de-
cidedly of opinion that, if they were relieved from
circuit duties, it would be injurious to the court
itself, not only in the estimation of the country,
but injurious to them as judges, in process of
time, that they came unanimously to the conclu-
sion that the provision was a wise one, and they
would not question its constitutionality. He gave
his reasons for it. Some of tltose reasons have
been stated by Senatorson this floor, and there are
others which will suggest themselves to the mind
of any man who reflects on the necessity of the
matter. Take any set of men, of any reasonable
degree of learning, and put them in one place to
discharge a certain round of duties—that round of
duties consisting simply of the study of books—
and discharge them entirely from any opportunity
of exchanging opinions with those with whom
judges ordinarily come in contact, and they would
unquesiionably degenerate until they would be
come, as has been well said, mere paper judges.
They would lose, the confidence of the country
That was Mr. Justice Story's opinion, and I be-
lieve myself it was a sound opinion.
Mr. BUTLER. How much would they get
from their associaiion here?
Mr..FESSENDEN. How much they would
get from their association here, it is not for me to
say; but I believe there is a great deal in the remark
that men's minds, in order to be kept bright, must
be brought into contact with the minds of other
men of different pursuits from their own, as well
as with those of similar pursuits. If I do not forget,
in that conversation he stated that New York had
once tried such a system, and established a court
which was exclusively devoted to the decision of
law questions, but that court had speedily lost the
confidence of the people of that State, and was
soon abolished. 1 do not recollect how that was,
but the Senator from JNew York can inform me.
Mr. FISH. It was abolished, but I doubt very
much whether that court lost the confidence of the
community, antl I am inclined to think areturn to
that system would give as good, if not a better
court than New York has had for some years past.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That may be, but these
matters are comparative, and whether this system
is no better than that which New York has now,
may be a question.
Mr. BAYARD. I would ask whether, in New
York the judges who constitute the court of
appeals do not sit in that capacity alone?
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 am not familiar with
the system which prevails in New York; I cannot
speak of it, because I have not studied the system
of that State. I do believe, however, that if we
resort to a system such as this bill proposes, if we
are to have judges residing here, (for very soon
they would reside here,) discharging all their
duties here, and those duties confined simply to
a study of law books and decisions founded there-
on, and to the hearing of arguments before them,
without having the experience and observation
which judges acquire upon circuit, the Supreme
Court itself would degenerate, and would speedily
lose the confidence of the country. Why, sir,
there are too many in that court already for such
a court as some gentlemen seem to desire. On
that point, one idea suggested by the Senator
from Connecticut is certainly observable for its
importance. What assurance could we have
under such circumstances, that the judges would
be taken from different sections of the country?
None at all; the Constitution requires no such
tiling, and we cannot limit the President in his
selection of judges.
Mr. BUTLER. This bill provides for that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This bill may provide
for it; but I take it that it is very doubtful whether
Congress can control the power of the President
in reference to that ijiatter. If, however, the
system be observed of having circuit duties per-
formed by the Judges of the Supreme Court, it
follows, as a matter of necessity, that the judge
would be taken from the section where his duties
were to be discharged.
Sir, although I say this, and although I believe
the interests of the country would be exceedingly
endangered by resorting to a system, such as has
been proposed by the Committee on the Judiciary,
for the general reason which 1 have stated; yet I
am not prepared to support the substitute which
has been offered by the honorable Senator from
Illinois. I do not understand that he offers it
with any assurance that it will be supported, gen-
erally, but simply as a scheme upon which Con-
gress may build one satisfactory to themselves. I
believe tnat we can find something between the
two systems which would answer a better purpose
than either. It is my decided belief that, at the
present time, it has become impossible for the
Judges of the Supreme Court to discharge circuit
duties in some sections of the country. They
have not time to try questions of fact before juries;
but, I am not satisfied that they could not be
properly made an appellate court, on questions of
law arising in the district courts, the jurisdiction
of those courts being enlarged, and be able, at the
same time, to discharge the duties that it would be
necessary they should discharge here. I do not
know how large the docket of the Supreme Court
has become; but, at the present term it certainly
is not very large. I believe that court finishes all
its cases in the second year; that is to say, all
suits which are entered upon the calendar this
year are-disposed of in the course of the succeed-
ing year, and yet it does not sit here, ordinarily,
more than three months in the year, and time is
found, in all the old States, for the discharge of
all the circuit duties which it is necessary they
should discharge.
With regard to the circuit in which I live—the
circuit presided over by Mr. Justice Curtis—I have
no question that he has ample time to discharge
all his circuit duties under the law, as it now
stands; and besides those, all his duties here. He
would have that time, even if the Supreme Court
proceeded to clear the docket before them every
year. If that be so, then, if you give him the
time which is taken up in trying questions of fact,
he would surely have ample opportunity to dis-
pose of all the duties which might be imposed on
him as an appellate judge, simply upon legal ques-
tions. How it would be in different sections of
the country, I do not know; probably there would
be some difficulty in the new States; but it does
not, therefore, follow, that it is necessary to resort
to the system proposed by the bill, at the present
time. The necessity for it has not been demon-
strated ; and I will say to the Senator from Con-
necticut, that, so far as I am concerned, so strong
is my impression, that a court constituted as this
bill now undertakes to constitute the Supreme
Court of the United States, would, in the process
of a very few years, lose its high character, and
fail to secure the confidence of the people; that,
averse as 1 am to changing the tenure, I should
much rather have the Constitution altered in such
way as to limit the tenure by which the Judges of
the Supreme Court hold their office, than consent
to have such a court as thepresent bill would give
us. I should be averse to a change of the tenure;
I think it would be a calamity. 1 believe that the
Judges of the Supreme Court of the United States
ought to hold their offices by the tenure they do
now; but I think there may be greater calamities
than even a change of that tenure.
Rather than have a central court at this place,
of five, or seven, or nine judges, appointed from
wherever the Executive might choose to appoint
them, holding their offices by the tenure of good
behavior, and having no opportunity, (because
they would have none,) and in process of time,
very little inclination, to mix with the people and
the bar of what are now their several circuits, I
should prefer that the people should have that hold
upon them, and that supervision over them, which
arises from a limited tenure. But, sir, while the
presenfsystem continues, or something as near to
it as we can agree upon, I should be one of the
last men to advocate, or give countenance in any
way, to the idea that the Judges of the Supreme
Court are to hold their offices by any other tenure
than that by. which they now hold them.
To be brief, Mr. President, I would not moke
an appellate court, such as is provided for by the
amendmentof the honorable Senator from Illinois;
nor would I attempt, what I believe, with the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia, to be utterly imprac-
ticable, the " rotatory motion," which the Senator
from Illinois proposes, of the members of the Su-
preme Court over the country. Yet I believe an
appellate court can be constituted, limited in its
jurisdiction, which will effect the great object of
relieving the Judges of the Supreme Court i'rom a
great part of their labors,and retain precisely what
we wish to retain, the assurance that these judges
