£855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
217
xqent, until the number of the members of the court shall be
reduced to six; and the Supreme Court shall thereafter
consist of a Chief Justice and five associate justices.
_ It will be seen that this amendment is not de-
signed to prevent the filling of a vacancy in the
office of the Chief Justice. Obvious considerations
suggest the propriety of filling any vacancy that
may occur in thatoffice by an unrestricted appoint-
ment. The proposed reduction of the entire num-
ber of judges to six, will be best accomplished by
omitting; to fill vacancies occurring in the office of
associate justice.
I concur—my own observation and knowledge
of the state of business in the Supreme Court and
m one of the circuits, force me to concur—in the
opinion that the Judges of the Supreme Court
should be relieved of circuit duties; bat I cannot
consent to make a change so material as is con-
templated by this bill without some provision for
the reduction in the number of the judges. It was
increased in the year 1837, I think, to Us present
number, for the purposeof enabling the Judges of
.the Supreme Court to fulfill the onerous circuit
duties imposed on them by that and former acts.
If they are now to be relieved from the perform-
ance of these circuit duties, it seems quite clear
that the present number will be greater than the
duties of the court, as newly constituted, will re-
quire. I submit this amendment, therefore, with-
out designing, at the present moment, to go into
any general discussion of this measure, as indi-
cating the form which this section must receive,
before it can have my vote.
Mr. BUTLER, Mr. President, if I were to
vote for the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
it would be in conformity with my own opinion.
I originally framed a bill which contained the
essential piinciple expressed in this amendment.
But, sir, the committee conversed very freely on
this subject, and, as I said before, I did not hesi-
tate to consult with the Supreme Court and the
bar in the different sections of the Union. The
result was a conclusion that the Supreme Court of
the United States, having devolved upon it the high
responsibility of deciding constitutional questions,
could not sustain itself in the different parts of
this Union if it should be reduced by death to five
members and those five should live in one section
exclusively.
I will not name the gentlemen, because, in doing
so I might seem to be invidious; but suppose the
Judges of the Supreme Court living in the north-
ern section of the United States, or those living
South, should be the first to die, and leuve the
court with five judges residing in onescetmnof the
Union. If they were to decide in the spirit of angels;
if they were to consult Themis himself holding the
scales of justice; if they wereMansfields and Mar-
shall; if they were the incarnation of the greatest j
jurists who ever lived, they could not give satis- j
faction in their decision of the constitutional ques- j
tions, which mightcome before them. The judges j
themselves would not like to be reduced to that
isolation, which would devolve on them a respon-
sibility which they could not discharge satisfacto-
rily to the country. That is the reason why I
think it imprudent to reduce the number of judges
on the Supreme bench. My opinion, however,
is, that judges generally are honest men; and I say
here openly, before the Senate, that, as far as I
have had an opportunity of judging of the decis-
ions of the Supreme Court, upon questions merely
of law, on questions of equal justice, as involved
in the Constitution of the United States, I see no
reason, as a southern man, why I should distrust
the northern judges. The same remark may be
applied to the southern judges.
The judges of this high tribunal are under no
temptation to do wrong; they have every induce-
ment to do right. They do not stand m a posi-
tion to abide by thepopular judgment of the day.
Their decisions live after them, and posterity,
a posterity of lawyers, review them, and decide
upon them. But, sir, in the present relations of
the United States, that court could not sustain
itself with the number contemplated by the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Ohio.
.In justice to myself, I say this much. I shall
be obliged to vote against that amendment for the
reasons I have stated; yet, if I had to consult en-
tirely my own individual judgrrfent, 1 should not
be afraid to reduce the number of judges to five,
and I should not care in what section of the coun-
try they might, reside.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, I wish the hon-
orable Senator from South Carolina would follow
his own judgment in this particular case, rather
than the determination of his committee, inas-
much as I find that his judgment concurs with
mine, while his vote is likely to be against my
amendment. I have no fear whatever, as long as
the Supreme Court shall administer the Constitu-
tion and the law according to the dictates of its
own unbiassed judgment, but that its decii-ions will
command the respect of the country. I concur,
cheerfully and heartily, with all that eulogy which
was pronounced the other day upon the character,
and acquirements, and integnty of the veneiable
Chief Justice and his associates, by the Senator
from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger.] The re-
spect, and confidence, and attachment of the
American people naturally attends the judiciary.
It comes less into conflict with the prejudices and
passions of men than any other department of
the Government. It is a great arm of power, but
its action is quiet and unobtrusive, and, for the
most part, soothing and healing. So long as its
functions are performed in a manner which com-
mends itself to the conscience and reason of the
people, the respect, the confidence, the attachment
of the people will not be withdrawn.
Sir, the first question to be considered, at the
present moment, in my judgment, is simply this:
Is the number of judges provided for by my
amendment adequate to"the discharge of the duties
which will devolve on the Supreme Court under
the new order of things? No Senator, 1 believe,
doubts that the number is sufficient. Then the
next question is: Will the particular number sug-
gested prove best adapted ttf the satisfactory de-
cision of questions to be adjudicated? I cannot
doubt that it will. It is laige enough to allow the
representation of every section of the country upon
the bench. Hitherto, from the organization of the
tribunal until this dny, every section has been
represented, not equally, indeed, but yet repre-
sented. I trust the day will never arrive when
every section of the country will not be repre-
sented there.
Then, sir, consider the effect of the proposed
number of judges upon the decisions to be made.
What are the functions of this tribunal? It has
an original jurisdiction, and it has an appellate
jurisdiction. Its appellate juiisdiction is that
which is of chief lmpoitance in this discussion.
With six judges, no judgment of an infenor court,
no matter how constituted, can be reversed, ex-
cept by the concurrence of four. If the court is
equally divided, the judgment of the inferior court
will stand, as it ought to stand, uflirmed, but no
principle will be settled. Thus thete can be no
judgment settling a principle, either by affirmance
or reversal, in which two thirds of the court, at
least, must not concur. These four would doubt-
less represent widely separated sections of the
country. These considerations, it seems to me,
should recommend the amendment to those who
desire stability, guarantied by public confidence,
for the court. Decisions thus made will be most
likely to command the respect, of the bar, of the
State courts, and of the people. Thus, sir, this
amendment, from whatever point of view consid-
ered, seems worthy of that favor with which the
Senator from South Carolina was disposed to
honor it at first. I trust he will reconsider his
purpose to vote against it, and that, at any rate,
it may be adopted by the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. CHASE called for the yeas and nays; and
thev were ordered.
Mr. WELLBR. I apprehend it will be impos-
sible to pass upon th^i bill to-day. The amend-
ment submitted by the Senator from Ohio is a
very important one. If adopted, it will effect a
radical change in theSupreme Court of the United
States, and it certainly ought not'to be acted upon
hastily. I move that that the Senate adjourn.
Mr JOHNSON. I hope the Senator from Cal-
ifornia will withdraw his motion for a short time,
in order to permit me to make a statement of some
importance
Mr. WELLER. Certainlv.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Cooper
in the chair.) As the pending bill is not disposed
of, it will require unanimous consent to introduce
any other subject-matter. The Chair hears no
objection.
PACIFIC RAILROAD REPORTS.
Mr. JOHNSON. I simply desire to make a
statement in regard to the reports of surveys for
the railroad route to the Pacific, and to read a
communication from the War Department. The
reports which have been transmitted have been
ordered to be printed, and some of the copies are
ready for delivery to-day; but it seems that those
reports are themselves incomplete, and there are
others yet to be received. As erroneous conclu-
sions may be drawn from what has been otdered
to be printed, without the whole being laid before
the country, I desire to read two communications,
in order to prevent the drawing of such conclu-
sions. First, 1 have a letter from the War De-
partment:
War Department, t
Washington, Jumictri, 9, 1c55. $
Sir : I have the. honor to submit herewith for your eon-
sid' ration a copy of a letter tlm day addressed to the Su-
peiintendent of Public Printing re^peenna Ihe impropriety
ofissuingmeompleiecopies of the document now in course
of prepaianon by tins Depa tmcnt, cotitammg reports of
the survey of railroad routes to ihe Pacific.
Veiy respectfully, your obf dient '-eivant,
JEFF. DAVIs*, ScccbarxjofWar.
Chairman Committee on Public Prnfwg,
House of Representatives,
The copy of the letter alluded to I shall also
read:
War Department, >
Washington, January 9,1855. $
Sir: I understand tlmt the printed portions of lie Pacific
railroad report are to be laid before the members of Con-
i ie*s this morturtj*. f mu>t inform you that ihn <focwm nf,
in itn present form, ih incomplete. Othei reports arc yet to
be added, and of those already printed neatly every one m
it requires additional matter. It would be impossible to
derive reliable conclusions from the reports in their present
condition, and I should regret to have lite document issue
from your oflice unlit this Department shall have furm&hed
the whole matter to be contained in it.
Vety respectfully, your obedient servant,
JISFF, DAVIS, Secretary of War.
A. G. Re \man, E?q.,
Superititciulciv of Public Printing.
That is the matter in regard to those documents;
and I desire it to go out at least simultaneously
with the document itself. It will be impos-
sible, on the part of the Committee on Printing,
to stop the issuing of the document. The com-
munication has been received from the Secretary
of War too late for that purpose.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 9, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask leave that the appro-
priation bill for the Military Academy, returned
from the Senate with an amendment, be taken
from the Speaker's table, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
PENSION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. The bdl making appropria-
tions for the payment of pensions is also upon
the Speaker's table. 1 suppose the House would
act upon that bill without any reference of it.
There ace two amendments made to it by the
Senate. One of these is an amendment ^appro-
priating the balance now in the Treasury appli-
cable to the payment of privateer pensioners. I
suppose the House would agree to that amend-
ment without discussion. There is a balance now
in the Treasury under that head of appropriation,
and the Senate propose merely to make it avail-
able. There are but few of the privateer pension-
ers now living:, and the Senate have proposed,
by their amendment, to make the balance m the
Treasury available to the payment of these priva-
teer pensioners.
The other amendment is one of more import-
ance, and, in connection with it, I would ask for
the reading of a letter from the Commissioner of
Pensions in relation to it. I would,however, ask
the vote on the first amendment to be taken first.
The SPEAKER, is it the pleasure of the
House to consider the amendment of the Senate
to the bill indicated by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Houston ?]
There was no objection.
The first amendment was reported, m follows!
