1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
none. Others may be more populous, and more
favored by commercial advantages, but none sur-
passes it m the wealth of its agricultural and min-
eral resources; in its capacity to sustain a great
population; in picturesque beauty, and in the
■worthy character of its people. It was in thia
district, where noble mountains stoop their blue
summits to fields of golden fertility and culture;
and'where forest-crowned hill and grassy valley
are interspersed with delightful diversity, that
the Father of his Country, after the disastrous
field of Braddock, made among the first settle-
ments upon the waters of the Youghiogheny.
It was there on the banks of the Monongahela,
near to the mountains through which its waters
break their passage—a river than which no sweeter
stream, of more gentle or beauteous flow, threads
its way to the ocean — that Gallatin found his
chosen retreat, of all the States besides. Learn-
ing has found, too, in its bosom, a happy abode,
and colleges of reputable fame, bearing the names
of Washington, of Jefferson, of Madison, and of
Greene, are sending forth continual rays of intel-
lectual and moral light to irradiate and beautify the
popular mind. The home of enterprise not less
than of wealth and of moral excellence, her ad-
venturous sons are found pursuing their useful and
thrifty callings along the Ohioand all the riversof
the Mississippi valley, from the mountains to the
Gulf of Mexico. To my cherished home in that
lovely valley, 1 am now satisfied to resign myself,
conscious that in the discharge of my public duties
I have not swerved a tittle, whether it regards
party obligations, the interests of my constituents,
or the welfare of my country.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would like to
know what the proposition before the House is?
The SPEAKER. If it be the pleasure of the
House, the amendment proposed by the commit-
tee to the original bill will be read.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The amendment is too
long, and 1 object.
Mr. ORU. Has the morning hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not yet expired.
Mr. SMITH. I do not desire unnecessarily to
take up the time of the House by having the bill
and the amendments read, but I really wish to
know what the particular question is before the
House?
The SPEAKER. The proposition to be first
* voted upon is that of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Jones,] upon which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has been addressing the House.
Mr. SMITH. I simply desire to know if the
proposition now under consideration is proposed
as an amendment to the original bill ?
The SPEAJC lilt. The gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Conn,] from the Committee on Public
Lands, introduced n bill to amend the graduation
bill of the last session, which was recommitted to
that committee, and which they reported back
with an amendment in the nature of a substitute,
to which substitute the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Junks) is now
pending, and which will be first voted upon.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to have that amend-
ment read, because it involves the homestead prin-
ciple. We have already had one speech in its
favor and it seems to me that gentl emen upon the
other side should be allowed an opportunity to
discuss it.
TheSPEAKER. The amendment will be read,
unless objection be made.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 understand that it was
read the other day. ft involves the homestead
principle, with which we are all familiar, and
there is no necessity for taking up the tnne of the
House by having it again read.
Mr. SOLLER.S. Is it now in order to move
to strike out any particular portion of the bill ?
TheSPEAKER. Such a motion would not he
in order now, because the motion to recommit will
shut out all amendments until that motion is dis-
posed of.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. I hope the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question. I wish to make
a very few remarks upon the question of the home-
stead.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object to all de-
bate.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to lay the bill and
amendments upon the table; and upon that motion
I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. COBB. I desire to make an appeal to the
House.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House to hear the appeal of the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Cobb?]
Several Members objected.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. 1 ask the consent of the
House that the amendment which I propose to
offer may be read. When it is read, the House
will then have the opportunity to take such action
as it pleases.
The SPEAKER. The motion now pending is
to lay the bill and amendments upon the table.
No debate on the amendment is in order during
the pcndency of that motion. Is it the unanimous
pleasure of the House that the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Etiieiudge] be
read at the Clerk's desk?
There being no objection, the amendment was
read, as follows:
Sec. —. "Ii'il he it further enacted, That the benefits
and provisions ol this act shall never be deemed, held, or
construed to apply to any person or persons other than
natural-born cmzcns of the United Stale*, ami such other
persons as at the time of the passage of this act shall have
been naturalized,or become naturalized citizens,according
to the twisting laws of the United Slates regulating the
mo,hi and manner of naturalizing foreigners, and to no other
person or purM>ns whomsoever.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 65, nays 98; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Appleton, David J. Hailey,
Thomas II. Bayly, Bull, Belcher, ilell, ilennett, Benson,
Jloeock, Boycfc, Campbell, Carpenter, Cha^e. Chastaut,
Clmgman, Corwin, Orai^e, CiocK< r, Dick, F.dinaod-., lid
nmndt-oii) t'lagler, franklin, Fuller, Goode, (ioouwm,
Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Wiley l\ lliuit-, Haven, Hib-
bard, Hill, Hunt, JohuMm, keitt, Letcher, Mctiueen, ivrty,
Meaebam, Millson, i)i r, i'.irkei, Bishop I'erLina, I'owell,
Prin-'io, I'orvo.u, R 'ady, Re<'-.<\ Riddle, Roi'i r^, lvnwc,
Kml'in, Hahin, Seymom, Shaw, Showei, Simmons Wit-
hum smith, Sollns, John I.. Tuvioi, iV.uliamel U. Taylor,
Wallev, Daniel Ii. Wright, .tod Z"]iu:oll.
MAYS—Me.ssm. Abereromhte, J.irri"f Allen, Benton,
Rrrekintulge, Kuu'g, C.irnihers Chamlieil.nn, ('handler,
Chris,nan, Uhimiiwetl, Clark, t'obh, Cox, Cullum, Cmti^,
John Davn,Thomu-. Davi^-, Dawson, Dowdell, Dunbar,
Dunham, KaMmun, Eddy, Thomas 1). Eliot, John M.
Elliott, Eu'jlii-h, Ethendge, Farley, Florence, (2o< dncli,
(.'rceii, (Jie< nwuod, Uimv, Hastings II'ndrieks, 11* nn,
n«nis-ton, Hughes, 1 npft-oil, George \V. Jones, J. CUney
Jones, Roland Jones Knox, Ivini/, Lamb, Latham, Lilly,
I.uuKh'V, AleDougaM, McMulhn, Mace, Macy, Maue«-ou,
Maurice, M.ivweil, Mnyall, Middh'^wailh, Smith Miller,
Morgan, Murray, Nichols, Noble, Norton, Olds Andrew
Olivei, Woidec.ti ohvei, Peck, John Tcikuis, I'helps,
I'uitt, Kk hard^on, Hobbms, Rumm'II, Sapp, Shannon, Sin-
gleton, Skclton, Samuel A. Smith, William 11 Sn.iih,
(Jeoige W. Smyth, Ficderiek P. Stanton, Richard II. Stan-
ton, Alexander H. Stephens Sir.itton, Andrew Stuart, John
J. Taylor, 'I hnrston, Trout, Cphnm, Vansant, Wade,
Walker, W.ilMi, VVuiren, Wells, YVesibrook, Wheeler,
Witto, and Wiles—-98.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
IVh\ PERKINS, of New York. Is it in order
now to move to commit tins bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union }
The SPEAKER. It is not. There is a motion
now pending to recommit this bill; and upon that
there is a demand for the previous question,
, which outs off all motions until it is disposed of.
: Mr. DAWSON. I nwk for tellers upon the
i demand for the previous question.
i Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Olds, and
| Davis of Indiana, were Appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
: ported forty-seven in the affirmative, (not a ma-
, jority of a quorum.)
So the previous question was not seconded,
j IVlr. OUR. I move that the bill and the amend-
ment be committed to the Committee of the Whole
on iho Rtaf* of the Union, and that they be printed.
TheSPEAKER. The House has refused to
second the demand for the previous question,
There is a motion pending to recommit the bill,
but the motion of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina w)H he fust put.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I vise, not to speak
upon the bi!!, but to say a word or two in reference
to Jts disposition at this time. I wish to say, that
I hope the friends of the homestead bill will so
dispose of it as to allow some opportunity for
genera! debate, and to allow those who are not in
favor of it, to express their opposition to its prin-
ciples. i. do not wish to speak now, because I
have not rome prepared to do so. I hope, there-
fore, the House will not sanction the course desired
by the gentleman who introduced this bill, [Mr.
Dawson,] who, it will be remembered, both at
the last session of Congress and at the present,
made a speech upon the bill, and immediately
moved the previous question, I desire to speak
upon the subject, but I have been cut off by the
previous question on both occasions
I hope the motion of the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Orr] will prevail.
Mr. CARUTHERS. f wish to offeran amend-
ment to the bill, in order that it may go with the
bill, if it shall be referred.
The SPEAKER. An amendment can only be
offered by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. I
move that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
[Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, here reported as correctly enrolled the fol-
lowing bill; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the Speaker:
An act to continue in force, for a limited time,
the provisions of the act of Congress of 3d March,
1851, and the second section of the act supple-
mentary thereto, of January 18, 1854, so as to
enable the board of land commissioners in Cali-
fornia to close their adjudications of private land
titles in that State, and for other purposes.)
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am about to move the
previous question upon the motion of the gentle-
man from South Carolina.
The SPEAKER. But the pending question ia
a motion that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, made by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to allow me, before the
question is put upon his motion, to offer a resolu-
tion of instruction or inquiry to one of the standing
committees of this House, upon a very important
subject now pending before that committee. It
will consume no more time than will be occupied
in readme: it.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I yield for that pur-
pose.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Revolted, That the Commit'ee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to impure mio the expediency of malting provision
by l.uv to applv the principles of the Florida aimed occu-
pation act, pa-^ed Au<i iht4, IS-lii, to the Territories of New
Mexico and thah, wuh a view to suppress Indian hostili-
ties m sanl Territories.
The question was put; and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. DUNBAR. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to allow me to introduce a bill, of
which previous notice has been given, merely for
the purpose of reference.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. DUNBAR then introduced the following
bill; which was read a first and second time by ita
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to bp printed:
A bill making an appropriation for continuing
the improvement of the channels of the mouths
of the Mississippi river.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to permit me to make a
motion.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts withdraw his motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole?
Mr. WENTWORTH. For a moment.
Mr. GliEEN WOOD. I desire to submit a res-
olution, instructing the Superintendent of the Pub-
lic Printing to cause to be bound the documents
which have been laid on our tables this morning,
the report of the explorations and surveys of the
routes for the Pacific railroad.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would say to
the gentleman from Arkansas, that it will be im-
possible for him to get them bound before this
special order—the Pacific railroad bill—shall have
been disposed of. The whole of them will here-
after be bound in leather, and delivered to each
member in his regular set of documents. There
is a full set of all the documents bound for each
member.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The docu-
ments, of which the gentleman from Tennessee
speaks, will be in our regular series of documents,
but it is desirable to have these bound separately.
