1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
already perplexed the government of California.
But I am treating of the Chinese merely as a
manufacturing and trading people, who have
shown wonderful capacity in the arts, and China
as an Empire whose products we must have.
Hence the question, on what terms we may best
secure their trade and commerce, to add to our own
national wealth and prosperity ?
But to proceed. At first, it was merely the
hardy adventurer, or exile from Europe, who
sought the shores of America; now, a perfect
exodus from the British Isles and the European
continent seems to be going on, depopulating
whole States, and leading to a vast intercourse
and an increasing correspondence, by letter and
telegraph, between the two continents. Why
should not similar changes be effected in the
Pacific? The great mass of the Chinese and Jap-
anese people are better educated than the masses
in England or Ireland. There is not, within the
whole Celestial Empire—missionaries tell us—a
man who cannot read and write; and the Chinese
are, besides, an inquiring, imaginative, venture-
some people, confined and restricted merely by
their Government, and that Government totter-
ing to its foundation. When the Chinese called
all other nations " barbarians," they evidently
considered only their Asiatic neighbors, and so
far as tlity are concerned, the Chinese had a right
to boast of their superiority. They understand
political economy and all other sciences better
than any of their Asiatic neighbors; they are more
enterprising, more industrious, more civilized, and
more literary than any of them, and they are,
withal, a people of agreeable, docile, and winning
manners. Such a people, brought in close com-
munication with our own, with thousands of
their numbers now in California, already corre-
sponding with their friends and relatives at home,
cannot fail to undergo great revolutions, which
will change their moral and social relations, and
throw a large portion of them—the debris of ship-
wrecked political and religious parties—on the
western shore of our continent.
Nor will it only be the trade, enterprise, and
development of thought between the two conti-
nents which will be stimulated and promoted by
the establishment of this line. All the beneficent
influences 1 have described will equally extend to
the Pacific islands—to those floating paradises that
only require to taste of the fruit of knowledge to
exchange their ha|>py animal life for the delicious
cares of a higher and nobler existence. The hardy
seamen of our six or seven hundred whalers in
the Pacific will no longer be cut oil' from regular
and quick communication with their friends and
kindred, but made to feel that they have a home
on the western shore of our continent, from which
their voices may be heard, their wants understood
and supplied.
And whatever be the shock when the oldest
nation on tins earth meets the youthful energies
of the newest born, when the slowly gathered
experience of forty centuries meets the fructify-
ing influence of general ideas, it cannot be mohhd.
It must be met; and it is better that we should
meet it with all the peculiar advantages of our
civilization and position completely wnhm our
control, than that weshould procrastinate or sutler
events to control our resolution. Our civilization,
our society, our political organization must stand
the Asiatic test as they stood the European, and
control, remodel, and assimilate the new elements.
I have no doubt, Mr. Chairman, but that the pas-
senger trade from and to China, and the vast cor-
respondence to which it will lead with that reading
and writing Empire, will more than compensate
the Government, m n pecuniary point of view, for
the establishment of the line of mail steamships
contemplated in this bill. 1 have no doubt but
that it will be the firstgreat step towards an entire
revolution in the world's commerce, that it will
change the complexion and political configuration
of Asia, and give a new impetus and direction to
the enterprise of our own people.
In behalf, then, of the great interests of human-
ity and civilization, of commerce and navigation,
of our ereat national development, and the indi-
vidual happiness and prosperity of our citizcns
dependent on the passage of this bill, I beseech the
committee to give it the attention it deserves, and
a support commensurate with the paramount con-
siderations of statesmanship, which have already
secured for it the approbation of the country. For
be assured, that its passage by this House will
be hailed as the cementing of another link in the
perpetuity of the progress, power, and grandeur of
the American Government.
Mr. CHANDLER then obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. CROCKER, who moved that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman of the committee
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the state of the Union generally under considera-
tion, and particularly a bill to provide for the
establishment of a railroad and telegraphic com-
munication between the Atlantic States and the
Pacific ocean, and for other purposes; and that
they had come to no-resolution thereon.
STEAMsftIP COMMUNICATION.
Mr. McDOUGALL, by unanimous consent,
reported, from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, Senate bill (No. 411) to estab-
lish a line of mail steamships between San Fran-
cisco, California, and Shanghae, China, touching
at the Sandwich Islands and Japan.
The bill was read by its title, recommitted to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider so much of the vote last taken as recom-
mitted the bill, and to lay that motion to recon-
sider upon the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
And then, on motion by Mr. COX, at three
o'clock, the House adjourned until to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 10, 1855.
Prayer by the Rev. William II. Milhurn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. FOOT presented the memorial of George
P. Marsh, praying compensation for services un-
der the act of August 11, 1848, imposing judicial
duties on the minister resident at the Ottoman
Porte, and for services under a special commission
to Greece; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of
Michael Ilennessy, praying for a pension on ac-
count of disease contracted while in the military
service; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have been requested to pre-
sent a memorial, signed by one thousand citizens
of Massachusetts, chiefly from Springfield and
its neighborhood, asking Congress to enact a law
prohibiting the employment of officers of the
Army in civil occupations. I hardly know to
what committee this memorial should be referred;
but, as it concerns a new topic, 1 move its refer-
ence to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of Mrs.
Emma C. B. Thompson, widow of C. C. B.
Thompson, late of the Navy of the United States,
praying to be allowed the pension to which her late
husband would have been entitled, if he had ap-
plied for the same; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. PRATT. 1 have been requested to present
a memorial signed by, I believe, some hundred
owners and masters of vessels engaged in the mer-
cantile marine of the United States, in which they
allege various evils as having resulted from the
passage by Congress of the act abolishing corporal
punishment of seamen, and ask for the passageof
some law which will at any rate ameliorate the
condition of the mercantile marine under that law,
and enable them to enforce obedience on ship-
board. I move that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Samuel B. Sawyer, grandson of Samuel Sawyer,
deceased, praying to be allowed the commutation
pay to which his ancestor was entitled aa an officer
in the revolutionary army; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. TOUCEY presented a petition of Jeremiah
Day and others, engaged in literary and scientific
pursuits, praying that the works of the late Ex-
ploring Expedition under the command of Charles
Wilkes, of the Navy, may be republished by
Congress; which was referred to the Committee on
the Library.
Also, the memorial of Thomas W. Powell, and
E. Moore, praying to be released from liability aa
security for the appearance of Otho Hinton,
charged with robbing the mail; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WELLER presented the petition of Wil-
liam P. Buel, praying compensation for medical
services to the third regiment of United States
Artillery on board the steamer San Francisco and
the ship Three Bells; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, the petition of Major H. Day, Lieutenant
George H. Paige, and other officers of the United
States Army, praying remuneration for losses
sustained by the wreck of the steamship Winfield
Scott, on the Pacific coast; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DAWSON presented the petition of Jane
Irwin, praying to be allowed additional pay and
bounty land on account of the services of her
father, the late Colonel Jared Irwin, in the revo-
lutionary war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a memorial
of the mayor and aldermen and other citizens of
Keokuk, Iowa, praying the establishment of a
marine hospital at that place; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of Allen A. Bradford, judge
of the sixth judicial district of Iowa, and others,
praying that Johnson Pierson may be remuner-
ated for losses sustained by him in executing a
contract for surveying the public lands; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the petition of Joel
Ware, of Alleghany county, New York, praying
that the present tariff may be so altered as to give
ample protection and encouragement to all the
varied productions of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Manufactures.
JUDICIARY OP THE DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
Mr. BUTLER. I hold in my hand, sir, a
memorial from citizens of the District of Colum-
bia, saying that they are opposed to the reforma-
tion of the judiciary as proposed in a bill which
is now before the Committee on the Judiciary. I
will take this occasion to say, that, in presenting
this memorial, I do not do so from any implica-
tion that I am opposed, as has been generally sup-
posed, to a reform in the judiciary of this District.
It is not proper, at this time, to enter into that
question; but, so far as I have any control over
the subject—(and I suppose I am regarded aa
having some control over it, for 1 receive com-
munications every day on the subject)—I do not
wish the people of this District to understand that
I am either an advocate or opponent of any par-
tifular system. I certainly shall endeavor to per-
form my duty on the Committee on the Judiciary
under the controlling influence of the Constitution
of the United States. I ask that the memorial
may be received, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
It was so referred.
Mr. TOOMBS presented a petition of thirty-
four members of the bar of the District of Colum-
bia, praying the passage of the bill of the House
of Representatives, for the reorganization of the
judiciary of the District; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
NAVIGATION OP THE SAVANNAH RIVER.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 have received a letter from
the mayor of the city of Savannah, Georgia,
stating that the calamitous events of the past year
have thrown a gloom over that city, and that they
have prostrated its prosperity, in a great degree;
and that the obstructions to navigation in the
Savannah river, below the city of Savannah, are a
great obstacle to the prosperity of the city. They
were placed there by theGeneral Governmentand
ought to be removed. The mayor, in his letter,
refers me to the fact, that the Seriate of the United
States have, for several successive sessions, passed
a bill appropriating money for that purpose. I
