$8
T&E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
. TJhe communication was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
. The SPEAKER also presented a communica-
tion from B. B. French, Commissioner of Public
Buildings, in compliance with a resolution of the
House of Representatives, transmitting copies of
all the contracts made in his office from January 1,
1854, to January 1, 1855, with the names of the
applicants for said contracts, and the amount of
their respective bids.
Mr. HAVEN. I would like to know upon
whose call that information has been s^nt in ?
The SPEAKER. It is an annual report, as the
Chair understands, in conformity to a resolution
of this House, of some years standing.
Mr. HAVEN. Then I move that it be laid on
the table, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTEODUCED.
Mr. PHILLIPS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following bill; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce:
A bill to regulate the carrying of spirits of tur-
pentine.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce one
or two bills, merely for the purpose of reference.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not object to any of
fhese things, if they come out of the morning
hour.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has not
yet commenced. The business first in order is
the consideration of the bill reported from the
Committee on Public Lands, known as the land
graduation bill, upon which the previous question
has been demanded.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not object now, if
the morning hour is considered as commenced.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has now
commenced, and the gentleman from Massachu-
setts asks leave to introduce two or t' rec bills for
ihe purpose of reference. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. ELIOT thereupon, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following bills; which were sever-
ally read a first and second time by their titles,
ana referred to the Committee on Commerce:
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
improvement for the preservation of Great Wood's
Hole harbor, Massachusetts;
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
repairs of the breakwater at Hyannis harbor,
Massachusetts;
A bill making appropriation for continuing' the
improvement of the harbor at New Bedford, Mas-
sachusetts; and
A bill for the preservation of the harbor of
Nantucket, Massachusetts.
Mr. RICHARDSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following bill, of which previous
notice had been given; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce:
A bill to improve the Mississippi river and its
tributaries.
ZEI.IA M. CROSBY.
Mr. FLORENCE, by unanimous consent,
changed the reference of the petition of Zelia M.
Crosby from the Committee on Naval Affairs to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
THE HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would ask if the home-
stead bill is not the business first in order during
the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I object to any
business being done, except the consideration of
that bill.
Mr. WARREN. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
has objected to the consideration of any other but
the business belonging to the morning hour.
Mr. WARREN. I simply desire to put a ques-
tion to the Chair. Has the call for the previous
question on the commitment of the graduation bill
and amendments been seconded?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. WARREN. Is a motion to strike out all
after the enacting clause now in order?
The SPEAKER. No motion is in order until
the question has been taken on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. EDMANDS. I would ask the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to introduce a bill
of which I have given previous notice.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Hendricks] objects to the consideration of
any other business than that belonging to the
morning hour. If that objection be withdrawn,
the Chair will be pleased to receive the gentle-
man's bill. The previous question has been de-
manded. Is there a second?
Mr. HENN. What does the call for the pre-
vious question cover?
The SPEAKER. The call for the previous
question will first apply to the motion to commit
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. HENN. There is pending, I believe, a
motion to print, and I would inquire of the Chair
whether the call for the previous question covers
that motion ?
The SPEAKER. It does. There are two
motions pending—one to commit to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union and print,
and the other to recommit to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then the pending-motion
is to commit to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union and print?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yesterday when that mo-
tion was pending, 1 called for the previous ques-
tion. I withdraw that call for a few moments, in
order to submit a few remarks. I desire to state
that I am in favor of a properly guarded and re-
stricted homestead bill; but I do not believe in this
system of tacking a great measure of that kind
to the bill which came from the Committee on
Public Lands. We passed a bill at the last ses-
sion of Congress, which was returned from the
Senate with what i3 commonly called Hunter's
substitute. That substitute is now upon the
Speaker's table.
Mr. WARREN. I thought I understood the
Chair to decide that there was a call for the pre-
vious question pending. If it is pending, then
discussion is out of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
called for the previous question yesterday, and he
has now withdrawn it for the purpose of submit-
ting a few remarks.
Mr. CAMPBELL. In my judgment, the best
course for us to pursue during this shcr:, session,
is to take the measure as it was matured by the
Senate when we reach it on the Speaker's table.
I myself regard that measure as one fraught with
great danger to the interests of the new States. I
think that it will tend to build up a system of
monopolies which will prove disastrous. 1 wish
the House, at the proper time, to take that bill
up, and to make such modifications as it may
deem best.
I repeat that I do not like this way of tacking
the homestead bill to the bill for the graduation
of the price of the public lands which came from
the Committee on Public Lands,and then driving
it through the House under the previous question.
Therefore, I am in favor of the motion which has
been submitted by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. OitR,] .to commit the bill and
amendments to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union; and on that motion I now
renew my demand for the previous question.
Mr. ORR. I shall say a few words and then
withdraw my motion for reference to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DAWSON. I would ask the gentleman
to yield to me a moment, that I may make a brief
reply to the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. ORR. The previous question has been
called for, and neither of us have a right to the
floor.
Mr. DAWSON. Then, will the gentleman
from Ohio withdraw his call for the previous
question for a short while, for reply to what he
has said ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I should like to accom-
modate my friend from Pennsylvania; but we
heard him yesterday in a very eloquent and able
argument for an hour, and if I withdraw the call
for him now, it will necessarily open the door for
debate. I think that we ought to proceed to the I
consideration of other business, go to the Speaker's '
table, and then act on the bill as matured by the
Senate, and, therefore, I cannot yield.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Mr. Speak-
er 
The SPEAKER. There is a call for the pre-
vious question pending, and unless the gentleman
rises to a question of order, he is not in order.
Mr. ORR. I desire to withdraw the motion
which I made yesterday; and, in doing so, to
state my reasons. 1 hope the gentleman froril
Ohio will withdraw his call for the previous ques-
tion for that purpose?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw the call for the
previous question.
Mr. ORR. Mr. Speaker, I propose to with-
draw the motion for the reference of the bill and
amendments to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. The friends of the home-
stead amendment are anxious to secure a direct
vote on it. As suggested by the gentleman from
Ohio, there is a homestead bill now upon the
Speaker's table. The question is to be met by
the House sooner or later, and 1 think the sooner
it is met and disposed of the better. I am pre-
pared to vote on it now, or at any subsequent day.
1 am opposed to the passage of the homestead
bill. I did not vote against it on a former occa-
sion, because I was then accidentally absent from
the House. I think, with the amendment which
I shall indicate, and with the amendment which
has been proposed by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Etheridge,] limiting the benefits of
the provisions of this act to citizens of the United
States, including only such foreigners as are now
naturalized, the bill will be stripped of many of
its most objectionable features.
Yet the bill will be insuperably objectionable to
me on two grounds. In the first place, if the bill
is passed, you will take a common fund belong-
ing to all of the States, the old as well as new;
and with it hold out an inducement for the pop-
ulation of the old States to leave them, and fill up
the new ones, thus depriving us of our strength
and wealth. And you do it by taking a common
fund which belongs as much to us as it does to
you of the new States. You induce people to
remove from the old States, and make that induce-
ment out of property which equally belongs to us.
That is one of my insuperable" objections to the
amendment.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. With the gentle-
man's permission, I will interrupt him to make
but a single remark. He says that this bill holds
out inducement to the people of the old States to
remove to the new ones, for the purpose of getting
a common fund which belongs equally to both.
He says that we shall thus deprive the old States
of their benefit of that common fund. Now I ask
the gentleman whether it will be ever possible to
settle the new States, or to settle the public land,
unless the settlers come from the old States? If
you permit them to go there, and to settle and cul-
tivate the public land, do you not benefit both the
settlers and the old States? Do you not benefit
the old States to the extent that, instead of leaving
them and paying for the land, they get it by cul-
tivating it.
Mr. ORR. I suppose that the natural increase
of population, together with the emigration from
abroad, would settle the new States as fast as is
desired. But there is an inducement here held
out to the man in an old State to emigrate to one
of the new States or Territories, that when he
shall get there he will receive one hundred and
sixty acres of land. Many farmers who were
doing well in the old States, who were comforta-
bly housed and circumstanced, have been decoyed
by such inducement to the West, and instead of
being bettered, they have been injured in their
pecuniary and personal condition. The other ob-
jection I have to indicate is this 
Mr. OLDS. I wish to ask the gentleman a
question.
Mr. ORR. I will yield to the gentleman in a
moment.
Mr. OLDS. The question I wish to ask is in
reference to the very point the gentleman is now
on. I wish to ask the gentleman if it has not
been the policy of the Government, in all times
past, in the organization of the Territories, to give
the lands to the settlers for the purpose of inducing
them to emigrate thither? I ask him if it has not
been the uniform policy of the Government to
hold out inducements for emigration, both from
