THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
previous question on purpose to enable me to offer
the amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I did not withdraw it,
because I, beiieved the gentleman's amendment
would not be in order.
Mr. OLDS. It is certainly too late to offer the
amendment now.
The main questiorf was then ordered to be put,
feeing first upon Mr. Campbell's motion to refer
the bill and the pending amendments to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and that they be printed.
Mr. COBB. Is it in order now for the reporter
of the bill to make a few remarks?
The SPEAKER. Not until the motion to
commit has been decided and the House has indi-
cated its purpose to take final action on the bill."
Mr. GROW". I would inquire of the Chair
whether the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] Mr. Hun-
ter^ bill, will go with this bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union if that
reference is made ?
The SPEAKER. It will not, because it is not
pending as an amendment, or in any way attached
to the bill.
Mr. DAWSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 82, nays 89; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Appleton, Ashe, Thomas II. Bayly,
Ball, Barksdale, Qelcher, Bennett, Benson, Boeock, Boyce,
Bristow, Bugg, Campbell, Carpenter, Caskie, Chase, Chas-
tain, Clingman, Corwin, Craige,Ciocker, Cullom, Thomas
Davis, Dick, Edmands, Edmundson, Ethmdge, Franklin,
Puller, Giddings, Gnode, Goodwin, Hamilton, Aaron Har-
lan, Haven, llibbard, Hill, fliilyer, Hunt, Johnson, Kent,
Kerr, Kidwell, Lamb, Letcher, Maxwell, MiUson, Morri-
son, Orr, Parker, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, John Per-
kins, Powell, Pratt, Pringle, Puryear, Ready, Reese, Riddle,
-Rogers, Rowe, Ruffiri, Sabm, Sage, Seward, Seymoui,
Shaw, Shower, Simmons, William Smith, William R.
Smith, John L. Taylor, Teller, Thurston, Wade, Walley,
Walsh, Warren, Israel Washburn, Daniel B. Wright, and
ZollicofFer—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis
Allen, David J. Bailey, Banks, Brerlcimidge, Chamberlain,
Chandler, Chrisman, Church well, Clark, Cobb, Cook, Cox,
Curtis, John G. Davis, Dawson. Dfi Witt, Dowdeil, Dun-
bar, Dunham, Eastman, Eddy, Thomas D. Eliot, John M.
Elliott, Ellison, English, Farley, Fenton, Floience, Green,
Greenwood, Grow, Sampson W. Harris, Hastings, lien-
ducks, Henn, Iliester, Houston, Howe, Hughes, George
W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Knox, Kurtz, Latham, Linds-
ley, MrDougall, McMuliin, Mace, Macy, Matteson, Mau-
rice, Mayall,Middlcswarth, Smith Miller, Murray. Nichols,
Norton, Old*., Andrew Oliver, Peck, Phelps, Phillips,
David Rifehie, Uobbjns, Sapp, Shannon, Singleton, Skcl-
ton, Sapiucl A. Smith, G. W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Alexander II. Stephens, Hector L. Steven*, Stratton,
Straub, Andrew Stew.irt, John J T.ijlor, Trout, Uphain,
Walbridge, Walker, Ellihu B. Wa^hburne, Wells, Tappan
Wentworth, Westbrook, and Wheeler—80.
So the House refused to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Before the result of the above vote was an-
nounced,
Mr. LEWIS said, I was within the bar when the
House commenced taking the vote, but I went out
for a moment, and was absent when my name was
called. Am I entitled to a vote?
The SPEAKER. Was the gentleman within
the bar when his name was called, or before the
next name was called?
Mr. LEWIS. No, sir; I was not.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman has no
right under the rules to vote.
Mr. LEWIS. Then, I wish to say that if I
had been permitted to vote, I should have voted
"aye"—that ia, in favor of referring the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Dawson's
motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. DAWSON. I hope there will be no ob-
jeciion to my withdrawing that motion, that we
may proceed at once to vote upon the amendments.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I object, if nobody
else does.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know if it is
not competent for me now to move to reconsider
the vote by which the previous question was
ordered ?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order, per-
haps, for the gentleman to move to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered to
be put.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to inform the
House, and my colleague, [Mr. Smith] 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is aware that
debate is not in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then, sir, I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the main question was
ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish .to make
an inquiry of the Chair. Suppose the vote by
which.' the main question was ordered is recon-
sidered, will it be possible for any amendments to
be offered to this bill until the House has voted
upon the pending amendment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again state
to the House that the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Tennessee is not amendable
under the rules of the House, that amendment
being offered to an amendment to the original bill.
Mr. JONES. Well, it is not very probable
that we shall get a vote upon that amendment
without the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let us vote upon it, then.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 do not desire to debate
this question myself. My object is, to afford an
opportunity to my colleagues [Messrs. Smith and
Letcher] of discussing the measure. I am in
favor of the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to make an
inquiry of the Chair. 1 understand that the prop-
osition now before the House is to recommit the
bill with the amendments to the Committee on
Public Lands. Now, if the bill is sent back to
the Committee on Public Lands, will it not be open
for debate after the action of that committee ?
The SPEAKER. Certainly it will.
Mr. SMITH. Then I can see no objection to
its re-reference to the Committee on Public Lands
Mr. McMULLIN. But I will say to my col-
league that it is by no means certain that it will go
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DAWSON. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that mo-
tion is hardly in order. Certainly it cannot be
necessary, as the motion to reconsider is not
debatable.
Mr. McMULLIN. I do not desire to em-
barrass this bill at all. 1 am a friend to it; and if
the friends of the bill desire its recommittal to the
Committee on Public Lands, I will withdraw my
motion to reconsider.
Mr. DAWSON. We do not desire it at all.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then I shall insist on the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. WALSH. As there seems to be a great
desire to get upon the record, and as it appears
to be contagious, I may as well indulge in it my-
self. I would inquire of the Chair, at what stage
of the proceedings these questions cease? [Laugh-
ter.]
'1 he SPEAKER. All debate must cease the
very moment the rules are enforced. [A laugh.]
The question was taken on the motion of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. McMullin;] which
was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to recom-
mit the bill and amendments to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. JONES,of Tennessee. 1 ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 85, nays 89; as follows:
\ EAS—Mepprs. Appleton, Ashe, Ball, Barksdale, Belch-
er, liemiult. Benson, I><;cock, Bo\ee, Hnstoiv,
Campbell, (.'aipenter, Catkie, Chncmarl, Cobb, Coiwin,
Craige, Crocker, Cullom, Thomas Dam, riiclt, llovvdell,
EdmJlnrjs, KdnmmNon, Thomas D. Ehot. Etheridge, Flag-
ler, Fianklui, Fuller, Guidmgs, Goode, Goodwin, Hamil-
ton, .Aaron Ilarlan, Sampson W. Hams, Haven, Jlibbaid,
Hill, O-illyer, Hunt. Kent, Kerr, Kidwi'li, Knox, Lamb,
Letcher, Lewis, Maxwell, Millson, JWorrieoti, Norton,
Orr, Parker, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins,
Powell, Pratt, Pringle, PiKyear, Eeady, Reese, Riddle,
Rogers, Rowe, Ituffin, Sabm. Sagt*, Seward, Seymour,
Shaw, Shower, Simmons, William Smith, William It.
Smith, Sollers, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Tel-
ler, Walley, Wairen, Israel Washburn, Daniel B. VVriL'ht,
and Zolhcoffer—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis
Allen, David J. Bailey, Banks, Breckinridge, Caruthers,
Chamberlain, Chandler, Oliasiain, Chrisman, Churdhwell,
Clark, Cook, Cox, John G. Davis, Dawson, De Witt, Dun-
bar, Dunham, Ea&tman, Eddy, John M. Elliott, Ellison,
English, Farley, Fenton, Florence, Goodrich, Green,
Greenwood, Grow, Hastings, Hendricks, Henri, H.ester,
Houston, IIowc, Hughes, Ingersoll, George W. Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, Roland Jones, Kurtz, Latham, Lindsley,
Macdonald, McDougall, McMullin, Mace, Macy, Matteson,
Maurice, Mayall, Middlesvvarth, Smith Milier, Murray,
Nichols, Olds, Andrew Oliver, Peck, Phelps, David Ritchic,
Bobbins, Sapp, Shannon, Singleton, Skekon, Samuel A.
Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Alexan-
der H. Stephens, Hestor L. Stevens, Stratton, Straub, An-
drew Stuart, John J. Taylor,Thurston, Trout, Tweed,
Upham, Wade, Walbridge, Walsh, EHihu B. Wasbburne,
Wells, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, and Witte—89.
Sothe-bill was not recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
the adoption of the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
Mr. HIESTER. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired; but the main question having been ordered,
no motion is in order till the bill with amendments
be disposed of. The question now is on the
amendment submitted by the gentleman from
Tennessee.
Several Members. Let it be read.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
Strike out the following words:
Provided, That the portion of said law that has been
construed as authorizing the entry-of lands under said grad-
uating act, or fi;ing a declaration of intention to enter
lands for the use of the applicant, and for the purpose of
settlement and cultivation, shall hereafter be considered as
authorizing an entry in such cases only on proof of actual
settlement and improvement by the party making such ap-
plication under such rules and regulations a6? may be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of the Interior for that purpose.
And insert in lieu thereof, the following:
And be it further enacted, That any free person who is
the head of a family, or who has arrived at the age of
twenty-one years, and 13 a citizen of the United Slates,
shall, fiom and after the passage of this act, be entitled to
enter, at the rate of fourteen and one half cents per acre,
to be paid at the expiration of five years from the date of
buch fntry, one quarter section of vacant and unappropri-
ated public lands, which may, at the time the application is
made, be ■subject topiivateentry at or below one dollar and
twenty five cents per acre, or a quantity equal thereto, to be
located in a body, in conformity with the legal subdivisions
of the public lands, and after the same shall have been sur-
veyed.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted. That the person ap-
plying for the benefit of tins act shall, upon application to
the register of the land office in which he or she is about to
make such entry, make affidavit before the said register
that he or she is the bead of a family, or is twenty-one
years of age, and thatsnch application is made for hisor her
exclusive use and benefit, and those specially mentioned in
this act, and not, either directly or indirectly, for the use or
benefit of any other person or persons whomsoever; and
upon making the affidavit, as above required, and fihngthe
affidavit with the register, he or she shall thereupon be per-
initii'd to enter the qiiamity of land alreadyspccitied : Pro-
vided, however, That no ceitificate shall be given, or patent
I issued therefor, until the expiration of five years from the
| date of such entry ; and if, at the expiration of such time,
I the person making such entry, or, if he be dead, lus widow,
or, in case of her death, his heirs or devisee, or, m ease of
a widow making such entry, her heirs or devisee, in case
of her death, shall prove, hy two credible witnesses, that he,
she, or they, have continued to reside upon and cultivate
. said land, and still reside upon the same, and hovenotalien-
i ated the same, or any part thereof, then, in such case, he,
j she, or they, *hall be entitled to a patent, as in other ca^es
I provided for bylaw: And provided, further, In case of the
! death of both father and mother, leaving an infant child, or
! children, under twenty-one years of age, the right and the
| fee shall inure to the benefit of said infant child or children,
i and the executor, administrator, or guaidian may, at any
i tune within two years after the death of the surviving pa-
1 rent, and in accordance with the laws of the State in which
such children, for the time being, have their domicile, sell
said land for the benefit of said infants, but tor no other
purpose; and the purchaser shall acquire the absolute title
by the purchase, and be entitled to a patent Irom the United
States.
Sec. 3. And, be it further enacted, That the register of
the land office shall note all such applications on the tract
books and plats of his office, and keep a register of all
such entries, and make return thereof to the General Land
Ofhce, together with the proof upon which they have been
lounded.
Sec. 4. And be it further enactcd, That if, at any time
after filu>g the affidavit as required m thesecond section of
this acf, and before the expiration of the five years afore-
said, ltshall be piovon, after due notice to the settler, to the
satisfaction of the resistor of the land office, that the person
having filed buoh affidavit shall have actually changed his
or her residence, or abandoned the said entry for more than
Fix months atany time, then,and in that event, the land so
entered shall revert back to the Government, and be dis-
posed of as other public lands are now by law, subject to
an appeal to the General Land Office.
Sec. 5. And be it further enactcd, That if any individual
now a resident of anv one of the Stales or Territories, and
not a citizen of the United States, but, at the time of the
passage of this act, shail have filed a declaration of inten-
tion as required by the naturalization laws of the United
States, and shall become a citizen of the same before the
issuing of the patent, as made and provided for in this act,
shall be placed upon an equal footing with the native-born
citizen of the United States.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That no individual
shall be permitted to make more than one entry under the
provisions of this act; and that the Commissioner of the
