1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233
General Land Office is hereby required to prepare and
issue such rules and regulations, consistent with this act,
as shall be necessary and proper to carry its provisions into
effect; and that the registers and receivers of the several
land offices shall be entitled to receive the same compen-
sation for any lands entered under the provisions of this
act that they are now entitled to receive when the same
quantity of land is entered with money, one half to be paid
by the person malting the application, at the time of so do-
ing, and the other half on the issue of the certificate by the
person to whom it may be issued: Provided, however, That
ail persons entering land under the provisions of this act
shall, as near as may be practicable, in making such entries,
be confined to each alternate quarter section, and to land
subject to private entry: provided farther, That noth -
ing in this act shall be so construed as toimpair or interfere
in atsy manner whatever with existing preemption rights:
Provided further, That the provisions of this act bhall be
so construed as to authorize the class of persons provided
for in the foregoing part of this act, who may not own one
hundred and sixty acres of land, to enter, at the rate of
fourteen and one half cents per acre, any of the public
lands adjoining his or her farm subject to entry at the min-
imum price per acre, a quantity when added to what they
now own, equal to one hundred and sixty acres, provided
he or she shall cultivate the whole or a part thereof.
Mr. COBB. I believe now*, Mr. Speaker, that
I have a right to make a few remarks on the sub-
ject of this bill.
The SPEAKER. Yes; the gentleman from
Alabama is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COBB. It is due to me, in behalf of the
measure which I have presented by order of the
Committee on Public Lands—by an almost unan-
imous order of that committee—that I should sub-
mit to this House a few facts, through which I
may, perhaps, succeed in satisfying, if not mem-
bers on this floor, at least, persons at a distance,
of the course which we should pursue in connec-
tion with the subject now before the House. The
amendment which I was ordered by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands to report to this House, is
eminently proper. I suppose that, if the vote were
taken by yeas and nays on that amendment, there
would not be ten votes adverse to it. The meas-
ure which we have before us now is one not pro-
posed by the friends, but by the enemies of the
graduation bill. What I have, therefore, to com-
plain of—and which I do complain of, though not
in a feeling of bitterness—is the course of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dawson,] in
proposing to attach to a measure which, perhaps,
every member of the House would be willing to
vote for by acclamation, another, and a different
proposition, which is not, pei'haps, so favorably
regarded by this House.
If I were the author of a great measure, I would
prefer to present it as a distinct and separate prop-
osition, to be carried through upon its own merits,
and thereby obtain more honor than if I were to
attach it to a matter to which little opposition was
made. The measure that I have had the honor
to report to the House from the Committee on
Public Lands, I am willing should stand upon
its own merits. I say that I would not have
attached a proposition in which I felt a deep soli-
citude to a measure to which nobody had any ob-
jection, and thus attempt to carry it through this
House. So far as the homestead provision is con-
cerned, which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
proposes to attach to the graduation measure, I
would respectfully ask that gentleman to with-
draw it, and let the two provisions be voted upon
by the House separately and distinctly. I have
another measure, of less importance to the coun-
try, that I shall immediately offer when the Com-
mittee on Public Lands shall be called upon to
report, to which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
can attach his measure, and he will receive equally
as much credit for his advocacy of the homestead,
as he would by attaching it to a measure to which
nobody has any objection.
Mr. DAWSON. In reply to the gentleman
from Alabama, I would say, that there is nothing
incongruous in these proceedings; and I would refer
to the fact, that the gentleman himself, at the very
last session of Congress, reported a bill graduating
and reducing the price of public lands, with a
homestead proposition attached to it. There is no
impropriety in attaching the two measures togeth er,
ana sucli a course seems to me eminently proper.
As to the request of the gentleman from Alabama,
that I would withdraw my proposition, I will
merely say, that I have listened attentively to his
suggestions, and I will certainly answer him when
he has concluded his remarks.
Mr. COBB. I was anxious to allude to the
very thing of which the gentleman has spoken;
but it being a private matter, connected with a
private effort, 1 felt a delicacy in doing so. As the
gentleman himself has now opened the matter, I
have no hesitation in now referring to it. 1 did
report the graduation bill of the last session, with
the homestead provision attached to it, and such a
provision I will vote for to-day. It was the home-
stead provision, without the fifth section of the bill
as now reported by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. I will state further, that I used every effort
in my power, by constant appeals to that gentle-
man, to allow the two bills to pass together; but
he refused to do so throughout, and voted against
the graduation bill. He then refused to do it
throughout, but he is now willing to attach his
proposition to one that he refused to be connected
with at the last session of Congress. Why did
he light against my measure so valiantly? Be-
cause he was afraid that it would prejudice the
measure which he had in charge. Now, that the
measure I reported has passed, and has been in-
dorsed by the country, he is willing to attach his
proposition to a bill that has been introduced here
amendatory of the same.
I desire to state here, that I will vote for a
homestead bill. I voted for that measure at the
last session of Congress, and I advocated it upon
every stump in my district, where I was called
upon to make a speech. I am instructed, then, to
vote for a homestead bill; but what kind of a bill
must be presented thatl will vote for? One thing
I can assure gentlemen, that I am most decidedly
opposed to its being attached to the graduation
bill. I state further—and the gentleijian himself
knows it, and this House knows it—that if the
homestead proposition is attached to this bill
amendatory of the graduation bill of the last ses-
sion—which relates merely to the machinery by
which it is to be executed—that it will never pass
the Senate. If I seek popularity at all, let me
seek it upon a measure that I believe will pass,
and not upon a measure that I believe will be de-
feated. I advocate the passage of the measure I
have presented as a separate and independent
proposition, because 1 am satisfied that it will pass
both Houses.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania must know
that his bill cannot pass the Senate, consequently,
if it is attached to the graduation measure, both
measures will inevitably be defeated, and the ben-
efits resulting from my proposition will be lost to
the country. If 1 had been as warm a friend of
the homestead as he pretends to be, I would have
brought it up at an early day of the session upon
its own merits, so that we might have had a fair
fight over the proposition of the Senate, as well
as the proposition I have submitted. The gen-
tleman knows, and I want the country to know,
and that they may believe, that this is not the only
chance they may have to get a homestead bill,
through those measures which have received the
consideration of this House. 1 want the country
to know that a Senate bill lies on the Speaker's
table, which, upon a motion made at the proper
time, can be brought before the House for consid-
eration in five minutes. This can be done; and
then the gentleman from Pennsylvania can, as he
announced to the countryforty days ago, offer
his proposition as a substitute for the Senate
amendment. That is the way in which he could
legitimately get at the matter. That is the way
in which he could have submitted to the country,
and to the House, his proposition, and in con-
nection, too, with another proposition which the
Senate had entertained, and sent here for our
favorable consideration. The gentleman would
have stood in as favorable a position in connec-
tion with that bill as he does at this time.
Now, as to the homestead bill which the gen-
tleman has submitted. I voted last session for a
similar one. True, he proposes that they shall
pay the sum of fourteen cents per acre for it. I
say I voted for one of a similar character—if the
gentleman will examine the bill which I intro-
duced and reported at the last session—absolutely
the first bill introduced into the House of Repre-
sentatives at the last session of Congress, and
though it bears the number " thirty-seven," and
his bears number " one,"—yet it was the first bill
introduced, and the gentleman's bill was passed
first by some kind of legerdemain—he will find
it as I have stated. My bill was committed to
the Committee on Public Lands, and they did not
desire to report it back, until a matter of so much
importance had received\their mature consider-
ation; while, on the other hand, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania had his bill referred to his
own committee, and without dotting an"i,"or
crossing a "t,"it came back, and was reported to
the House the very next morning. That was the
way in which his bill gained an apparent-priority
to mine.
I voted for a bill containing the sixth section,
last year, and why will I not do it to-day, if
driven to do one thing or the other. Now one
word to the gentleman himself; he is a lawyer,
and I desire to state to the House and the country,
that I am no lawyer. I am, in the language of
my own country, a " clod-hopper," or in other
words a farmer. I am not a lawyer, and not
able to construe, with that scrutiny which lawyers
are accustomed to exercise, the effects of the
language used in a bill. But the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, has repeatedly announced himself
in this House, as being a lawyer, and that the fifth
section of hi§ bill would not allow foreigners, who
should come into this country hereafter, to avail
themselves of the benefits of the bill. I want that
amended, and I want the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, if he believes that to be true to-day, as
he has heretofore stated, to accept the proposition
of the gentleman from Tennessee, or allow the
fifth section to be stricken out, in order to clear
away the doubts that rest upon the provisions of
this bill in that respect. 1 myself believe that
they would be excluded, but I have no right to
set up my opinion against that of lawyers. I
find in that class of individuals a variety of senti-
ments upon the subject, but the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, has announced to the country, as
a lawyer, that it would exclude from its benefits
those immigrants who should hereafter come into
the country. If so, let us strike it out, and adopt
the one offered by the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. ETHERIDGrE. Will the gentleman allow
me to correct him ?
Mr. COBB. If I am wrong.
Mr. El'HERIDGE. I think the gentleman is
most certainly mistaken, and that he does injus-
tice to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. COBB. la he not a lawyer?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Certainly he is; but the
gentleman is mistaken in supposing that any law-
yer believes that the substitute offered by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania excludes foreigners who
may arrive in the country hereafter, and become
naturalized. Such a construction was given by
some persons to the bill of last session; a con-
struction, in my judgment, erroneous; but no one
believes that the bill now before the House—I
mean the substitute of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania—will exclude them.
Mr. COBB. Then the gentleman has changed
his position; and he is not entitled to the reputa-
tion—as a lawyer—1 have always ascribed to him;
for he repeatedly announced, as will be remem-
bered by those who were here last session, that it
did exclude those who should hereafter emigrate
to the country. He declared that such was his
intention, as I understood him; and, so under-
standing, I voted accordingly.
Mr. ETHEPJDGE. That was last summer.
Mr. COBB. Yes, last summer; and does the
gentleman from Pennsylvania shift his ground to-
day ?
Mr. DAWSON. If the gentleman will allow,
I will refer him to the fifth section of the bill.
Mr. COBB. I rely upon the language of the
gentleman, last session, and the announcement of
thegentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Etiieridge,]
that it was believed, that the amendment did pro-
vide for the exclusion of foreigners, who should
hereafter come into the country. If that is so,
if it does so provide, I announce before Heaven
and earth, I would not vote for any homestead
bill containing that provision. I did not believe
they did contain such a provision, but the lawyers
are against me.
Mr. DAWSON: I have no hesitation, what-
ever, in referring the gentleman to the provisions
of the bill. I meet the gentleman promptly and
squarely. The fifth.section is in the following
language:
" Jini be it further enacted. That if any individual, now
a resident of any one of the States or Territories, and not
a citizen of the United States, but, at the time of the pas-
sage of this act, shall have filed a declaration of intention,
as required by the naturalization laws of the United States,
and shall become a citizen of the same, befoie the issuing
