m
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
January 10,
of the patent, as made and provided for in this act, shall, be
placed apon an equal footing with (he native-born citizen
of tin; United "
The object of that, provision was to exclude all
foreigners who may come into the country after
the adoption of this bill, from the benefits of its
provisions.
Let me say a word in reply to the remarks of
the gentleman from Alabama. I am glad he is
coming up to the, very point I wish to attain. I
take occasion to refer him to the very law, of
which he was the gentleman who reported it at
the last session—I mean the graduation bill—and
which he carried through this House. By the
very terms of that bill, " any person," no matter
whether a foreigner, no matter what his color or
complexion, can come here and enter upon the
public land, and acquire a title to the same, by
payment, according to the graduated and reduced
price. If the gentleman could be so liberal upon
that occasion, and require not even the ordinary
period of probation, the term of five years before
naturalization, I think he ought not to stick at the
provisions of this bill.
Mr. COBB. But the graduation bill does not
propose to give away the land.
Mr. DAWSON. The gentleman will allow
me to say that the amendment now proposed
affixes fourteen and a half cents per acre as the
consideration.
Mr. COBB. I will "not ask the gentleman to
put language into my mouth, though I need it
much. If you will study the graduation bill
closely, you will find who are the recipients of
the benefits of that bill. You will find that the
sixth section refers to certain preemption laws.
If the gentleman will examine those laws care-
fully, he will see who are entitled to become owners
of the public lands.
Further, every State I suppose has the right—
I am no lawyer, and I may run foul of the law
again—I suppose every State has the right to say
who shall hold lands within her jurisdiction, and
of course, under the provisions of those laws, I
suppose they can exclude such individuals as they
deem proper.
I am not a lawyer. My actions here are, and
have been, guided by common sense alone, at
least what I possess of it.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. With the gentleman's
permission, I will interrupt him for the purpose
of saying a few words to my amendment.
Mr. COBB. First let me get through with my
remarks. If I had been allowed to proceed with-
out interruption, I should have finished what I
had to say some fifteen minutes ago.
I shall now, Mr. Speaker, comment on the
fifth section of the homestead amendment. On
that section the entire amendment hangs. If that
section be stricken out, I will say that there is no
man in this House who will be readier to advo-
cate and support the amendment adopted by the
gentleman from Tennessee, on the suggestion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. That section
is ambiguous and of doubtful propriety, to say
the least. Lawyers of great ability differ in regard
to its construction. I want the matter settled one
way or the other. If I vote, I want to vote for
that which will, when passed, admit of but one
construction. I desird this bounty to inure to
the benefit of those now American citizens, and
to no others. If the matter were left to my own
judgment, I would say that the amendment does
exclude from the benefit of its provisions all who
may, after its passage, emigrate to this country;
yet knowing that gentlemen of experience and
high reputation in the law are at variance in
regard to the construction, I deem it my duty to
do now what I thought had already been done by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, while I was
following in his wake.
Mr. DAWSON. If the gentleman will allow
roe, I will say a single word.
Mr. C013B. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania had an hour yesterday, and he ought to be
satisfied.
Mr. DAWSON. A single word.
Mr. COBB. I will tell the gentleman that he
did well yesterday, and that he ought to be satis-
fied with the splendid effort which he then made.
II would do credit to any legislator. But when one
humble as myself is putting himself right before
the House and country,he ought not to interrupt
and embarrass.
Mr. DAWSON, I desire only to make a single
word of explanation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama, the Chair understands, objects to yielding
to the gentleman.
Mi. COBB. Let the gentleman explain.
Mr. DAWSON. I simply desire to reply to
the suggestion of the gentleman from Alabama,
that the bill, as it passed the House at the last
session, and as submitted by me at the present
one, was intended to exclude all foreigners who
might hereafter emigrate to this country. If there
be a shadow of a doubt in regard to that point, I
have certainly, for one, no objection, if the House
deem it proper, to the amendment indicated by
the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. COBB. Let the gentleman strike that
section out.
Mr. DAWSON. I would do so, but I have no
control of the amendment. My friend from Ten-
nessee has it in charge.
Mr. COBB. My friend from Tennessee told
me, when I called his attention to the matter, that
he intends the bill shall embrace in its provisions
those who shall hereafter emigrate to this country;
that the language will admit of no other construc-
tion. 1 have unbounded confidence in that gentle-
man. Since I have been a member of Congress,
I have followed him through thick and thin; but 1
must confess that I begin to doubt whether his
views on this subject should be made the law of
the land. I am convinced that a distinction
should be made between those who are now here
and those_ who may hereafter emigrate; and as
the gentleman from Tennessee has now assumed
the parentage of the amendment, I may properly
speak to him on it. If he intends to embrace all
who may hereafter emigrate, then he goes beyond
what was intended by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Will the gentleman yield
to me now ?
Mr. COBB. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As the gentle-
man has retailed private conversation between us,
I hope that I may be allowed to put myself right
in the matter.
Mr. COBB. I take all that I have said back if
the gentleman thinks I have put him in the wrong.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Etheridge] yield to his colleague?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. My colleague must ex-
cuse me, but I cannot yield.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman will have ©ppor-
tunity for explanation in a little while.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man from Alabama stated, a few moments ago,
and very emphatically, that if the substitute of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dawson] did
not exclude, by its provisions, those who might
hereafter emigrate to this country, he was opposed
to it.
Mr. COBB. Yes, sir; and I repeat it.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Dawson] read the fifth section,
and stated that, in his judgment, that section
would exclude all jjiture emigrants. Then the
gentleman is in favor of the amendment of which
I have given notice. The declaration of the gen-
tleman from Alabama is clear and unmistakable,
that, without the amendment I propose, he would
not vote for the substitute of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. Thefifth section embraces all who,
at the passage of the bill, shall have filed a declara-
tion of intention to become citizens of the United
States. The first section provides simply for
any free person who is a citizen and the head of
a family. If any legal gentleman be asked, under
what section a future emigrant, becoming natural-
ized, can claim this bounty, he will reply that
there are three qualifications necessary to entitle
one to it—citizenship, majority, and being the
head of a family. It was necessary, if you in-
tended to provide for those who have emigrated
here and filed their declaration of intention to
become citizens, that you should do so by special
provision. That is done in the fifth section. No
lawyer, it seems to me, who understands the force
of law or language, can read the first section of
the substitute now pending, and say that a for-
eigner is not embraced by its provisions, when he is
naturalized.. If he be twenty-one years of age,
the head of a family, and naturalized, he can,
under this bill or substitute, claim the bounty
provided for American citizens, and it will net
depend upon the period of his naturalization.
The fifth section is pointed to by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. That section provides ex-
pressly for those who have filed their declaration
of intention to become citizens,"and for them only.
But, sir, the friends of the proposition now pend-
ing disagree among themselves as to its meaning.
I take it that my colleague [Mr. Jones] is in favor
of embracing foreigners hereafter arriving in this
country; and it, therefore, suits him. He may
make it a little more explicit and emphatic to
accomplish his purposes, but it is ample in its
provision, and provides a homestead for all the
world, if it should hereafter emigrate and become
naturalized. I challenge any gentleman, who is a
lawyer of ability and experience, to examine this
substitute, and show me the section, or line, or
word, which excludes any one hereafter coming
to this country and becoming naturalized.
The amendment which I have offered is always
" out of order." I make no complaint on that
score. If the gentleman from Pennsylvania desires
the exclusion of those hereafter emigrating to this
country, let him accept my amendment. If the
House desires to adopt my amendment—and I
think it does—it can certainly find some mode by
which to adopt it. It is strange that, if the body
wishes the adoption of such an amendment as I
propose, it cannot do so at any stage of the pro-
ceedings, especially when so large a majority
seem to favor the principle. We shall present a
remarkable condition of things, in this respect, by
indicating that a majority of the House are in favor
of a certain amendment, but that, under the rules,
we are never in a position to incorporate it into the
bill.
I repeat that I should be pleased to see any
lawyer get up here, and give it, as his legal opin-  
ion, after full examination,'that this bill excludes
foreigners who may hereafter emigrate to this
country^ The gentleman from Pennsylvania
readily turns to a section embracing within its pro-
visions all persons who have declared their inten-
tion to become citizens, but which excludes no one.
We can all understand that; but I wish to be
shown the section, line, or word, which excludes
future emigrants.
Mr. OLDS. I rise to a question of order. I sub-
mit that tiie gentleman from Alabama eannot give
way to the gentleman from Tennessee to make a
speech upon Know-Nothingiam.
TheSPEAKER. The Chair sustains the ques-
tion of order. According to the practice of the
House the gentleman from Alabama can only
yield for explanation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me for a moment strictly for
explanation.
Mr. COBB. I will yield to the gentleman.
Mr. JONES. By the first part of the substi-
tute which I have offered, it is provided that any
person who is the head of a family, or who has -
arrived at the age of twenty-one years, and is a
citizen of the United States, shall be entitled to
avail himself of the benefits of this act. This is
clear and definite. Should it pass, no person,
under that provision, can receive or enjoy the
benefit of these provisions, except citizens of the
United States.
Mr. WALSH. I would like to ask the gentle-
man if the bill makes any provision for persons
intending to become the heads of families?
[Laughter.]
Mr. JONES. The fifth section of the bill pro-
vides;
" That any person who is now a resident of any one of
the Stales or Territories, and not a citizen of the United
Stales, but, at themme of the passage of this act, shall have
filed a declaration of intention, as required by the naturali-
zation laws of the United States, and shall become a citi-
zen of the same before the issuing of the patent, as made
and provided for in this act, shall be placed upon an equal
footing with the native-born citizen of the United States."
Now, sir, by the fifth section of this act the first
section is so far modified as to permit a resident
of this country who is not a citizen, but who has
declared his intention to become such under our
naturalization laws, to enter one hundred and sixty
acres of the public lands under the provisions of
this act. But having entered it, and having re-
mained upon it and cultivated it five years, hecan
still have no right to a title to the land; and a
patent for it can, in no case, be issued until he
