*88
THE - CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11^
Batiks, Belcher, Bennett* Benson, Bocoek, Boyce, Breek-
ijirldge, Bristow, Brooks, Carpenter, Caskio, Chandler,
Chaslain, Ohrisman, Clingman, Corwin, Cox, Craige,
Crocker, dawson, De Witt, Dick, Dunham, Eddy, Ed-
msi nd>on, Thomas D. Eliot, John Al. Elliott, Ellison, Flor-
ence, Franklin, fuller, Goode, Goodrich, Green, Green-
wood, Hastings, Haven, Hendricks, Hill, Howe,George VV.
Jones, Roland Jones, Kent, Kurtz, Lewis, Lindsley, Mac-
do n aid, Mace, Matlecon. Maurice, Middleswarth, Millson,
Morrison, Nichols, Olds, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Peck, Pen-
nington, Bishop Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Pratt, Pringle,
Puryear, Reese, Richardson, Ilobbins, Rogers, Xiovve, lluf-
fm, Sabin, Sage, Seward* Shaw, Shower, Simmons, Sltel-
ton. Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Sollers, Stratton,
John X.. Taylor, Nathaniel G, Taylor, Teller, Trout, Up-
liam, Wade, Walley, Israel Washburn, Tappan Went-
wortti, and Wheeler—95.
So the bill was rejected.
- Mr. DAWSON.. I move that we proceed to
the consideration of business upon the Speaker's
table, with a view of taking up the homestead
bill as it came here from the Senate in its amended
form.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was rejected, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. COBB. Upon that motion I call the yeas
and nays.
Mr. MACE. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I desire to ask
the Speaker what business will come up next in
order during the morning hour?
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Orr temporarily occu-
pying the chair.) The present occupant of the
chair is informed that the diplomatic and consu-
lar bill wifl come up first in order, as the business
of the morning hour.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask thegentleman
from Indiana to withdraw his motion to adjourn
fora moment, and I will renew it.
Mr. MACE. In compliance with the gentle-
man 's request, I withdraw my motion to adjourn.
Mr. SMITH. 1 desire to state to the House
that 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Virginia will not be in order in making any
remarks. The first question before the House is
the privileged motion, made by the gentleman from
Tennessee, to reconsider the vote by which the
graduation bill was rejected, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. SMITH. According to my promise, I
then renew the motion (o adjourn.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
The House ihereupon,at three o'clock, p. m.,
adjourned till to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 11, 1855.
Prayerby Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
Hon. Judaii P. Benjamin, of Louisiana,
appeared in Ins seat to-day.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. STUART prenented the memorial, together
will) accompanying papers, of R. VV. Thompson,
asking compensation for services rendered as
attorney to the Menomonee Indians; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the memorial of
Mrs. Olivia W. Cannon, widow of the late mid-
shipman Joseph S. Cannon,praying to be placed
on the pension list; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of Sarah Smith Stafford,
only daughter of James B. Stafford, an officer in
the navy of the Revolution, praying compensa-
tion for her father's services; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. FI5H presented the petition of Colonel E.
Cam r>, praying compensation for fencing used by
the United States troops for fuel, at Sackett's
Harbor, in the year 1812; also for the occupation
of his ground by said troops, and for lead used
for making grape shot; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr.DAWSON presented a memorial of Daniel
Campbell, Marshall Brown, and others, of the
District ef Columbia, praying the passage of a law
to in corporate the Columbia Wood Gas Company;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the memorial of Jesse
Steadman, a soldier in the war of 1812, praying
to be allowed a pension on account of disability
incurred while in the military service; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the memorial of the heirs of Robert Mc-
Connell, deceased, late of Alabama, praying in-
demnity for a negro, and other property, carried
away or destroyed by the Creek Indians in 1813;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of
Thomas W. Tansill, praying to be allowed bounty
land, additional pay, and allowances provided by
the acts of March 2, 1833, and 1837, in relation
to the marine corps, together with pay and allow-
ances of a musician in said corps, from 17th Jan-
•uary, 1837; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred, by mistake, the
petition of Hall Neilson, praying the remission of
interest on notes given the United States in pay-
ment for land, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committeeon Public Lands; which was agreed to.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That an additional member of the Committee
on Enrolled Bills be appointed by the President fro tem-
pore.
And Mr. Brainerd was appointed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PISH, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
provide for the construction of a suitable building
for a custom-house, post office, and court-house,
in Plattsburg, New York; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RUSK asked and obtained the unanimous
consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to provide
for the transportation of the mails, troops, seamen,
military and naval stores, munitions of war, funds,
and other property of the United States, frontr the
Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean; which was
read a first and second time by its title, referred to
tlie select committee on the Pacific railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
NAVAL DEPOT IN GEORGIA.
Mr. TOOMBS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, arid agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
to lay before the Senate all surveys and reports in his De-
pal iment, upon the fitness of the harbor of Brunswick, in
the Slate of Georgia, for a naval depot; and also his opin-
ion upon the propnety of the establishment of such depot
at that place.
FRANCIS W. RICE.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered, by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Revolved, That the President of the United Slates be
requested to communicate to the Senate, if not incompati-
ble vvnli ihe public interest, copies of alt correspondence
on ihe files of the State Department, in relerence to the
claim of Francis W. Ilice, late United States consul at
Acapulco, which may have been received by, or have ema-
nated from, said Department since the 20th of July, 1852.
TEXAS TROOPS.
Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution;
which was considered, by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be required to lay
before the Senate such information as may be m his Depart-
ment, in reference to Mtuh troops of the Slate of Texas as
may now be, or heretofore have been, in service in that
State, and who have not been paid by the Government of
the United States, together with estimates of the amount
necessary to pay said troops.
MOSES D. HOGAN.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred House bill for indemnifying Moses D.
Hogati for cattle destroyed by the Indians in
1842, to report it back and recommend its passage.
As it is a small bill, and one of undoubted justice,
I hope it will be acted on now.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill. It proposes to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
Moses D. Hogan, or his legal representatives,
$500, in full satisfaction of his claim against the
United States for cattle taken or destroyed in the
year 1842, by a band oflndians, supposed to be a
portion of the Sioux, while he was conveying the
cattle to a post of the United States, at or near
Port Snelling, in pursuance of a contract entered
into with Amos J. Bruce, a sub agent of the
United States for the Sioux Indians.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ROCK ISLAND, ILLINOIS.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 hope the Senate will indulge
me by taking up the bill to " authorize the sale
of Rock Island, in the State of Illinois, and for
other purposes." It was reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands early in the last session;
but its passage was arrested here on account of
the War Department objecting to the sale of a
portion of the island. Since then we have agreed
unanimously upon an amendment which we wish
to have passed. I have submitted it to the chair-
man of the Committee on Publjc Lands, [Mr.
Dooge, of Iowa,] and also to the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] who is on the com-
mittee, and to the Secretary of War, and all agree
to it. I shall, therefore, if the bill be taken up,
move to strike out all after the enacting clause,,
and insert, as a substitute, the proposition which
has received their sanction.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope, if that bill be taken
up, that it will be with the understanding that at
the expiration of the morning hour, we shall pro-
ceed with the unfinished business of yesterday—
the bill to amend and modify the judicial system.
I do not think any other bill ought to take pre-
cedence of that.
Mr. SHIELDS. This bill will pass without
any difficulty. It will not interfere with the
judiciary bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the bill, and iuser.t the fol-
lowing as a substitute:
That David B. Sears be, and he« is hereby, authorized
to enter the fractional quarter sections of land on Rock
Island, in the Mississippi river, and State of Illinois,
necessary to secure to him the full and complete use of the
water-power as now improved and used by him on the north
Bide of said island, (they being the ea?t half of ihe south-
west fractional quarter of fractional section twenty-nine,
containing twenty-eight and ten one-hundreths acres; the
southeast fractional quarter of the same fractional section
containing four and nine one-hundreths acres; and the
northeast fractional quarter of fractional section thirty-two,
containing three and twenty-six one-hundreth's acres; all of
which are situated in township eighteen north of the base
line, range one, west of the fourth principal meridian,)
upon his paying to the receiver of public moneys at Dixon,
the minimum price of $1 25 per acre for the same, upon
which a final certificate and patent shall issue, as in other
cases.
The amendment was agreed to. The bill waa
reported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in. The bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading. It was read the-
third time, and the question was, shall the bill
pass ?
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. This bill, I believe,
was reported by the Committee on Public Lands
at the last session, if I recollect aright, by the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart.] After
that, there was some recommendation, or sug-
gestion, received by the committee from the Sec-
retary of War, touching tthe sjile and disposition
of Rock Island, which, I remember, made an im-
pression on my mind at the time. Probably the
bill, in all respects, was not such as it should be.
I ask my friend from Illinois, therefore, to con-
sent that the bill shall lie over un til to-morrow.
Mr. SHIELDS. I believe the honorable Sen-
ator was not in his seat when I stated that I had
prepared an amendment to this bill, which was
satisfactory to the Department, to the committee,
and to myself. That amendment has been adopted.
It contains no provision for the sale of the island;
it only proposes to give Mr. Sears a preemption
right to his small tract of land.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Then I hope the bill
will pass.
The bill was passed. , 5
