1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
237
CONGRESSIONAL AND JUDICIAL COMPENSA-
TION.
Mr. BADGER. I ask the Senate now to tak6
tip and dispose of the bill which I submitted early
in the session, to increase the compensation of
the Judges of the Supreme Court of the United
Slates and members of both Houses of Congress.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If we are to lay aside the
bill for the reorganization of the judiciary for the
purpose of taking up any other, I must insist on
proceeding with the bounty land bill. We con-
sidered it for two or three clays, and then it gave
way to the judiciary bill. It is an important public
measure. I think we ought to do justice to the
old soldiers before voting additional compensation
to ourselves. I am for the bill of the honorable
Senator from North Carolina, and I shall go with
him for its consideration at the proper time; but
it does seem to me that we ought to dispose of the
bounty land bill which was under consideration a
few days ago.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the honorable Senator
from North Carolina, and the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania, will yield for the present, I
should be glad to have an opportunity to call up
a joint resolution which was yesterday reported
by the Committee on Printing, in regard to a
question, which is, I believe, by our rules, a privi-
leged question, as being immediately connected
with the transaction of the business of this body.
I refer to the joint resolution in reference to the
execution of the engraving of maps and charts for
• Congress. This is not the first time when that
question has been presented to us. It was called
to our attention at the last session, and recent
events haveshown the importanceof prompt action
on it. 1 do not believe the consideration of the
resolution to which I have referred will consume
much time, perhaps not more than five minutes.
The Committee on Printing believe it should be
passed at once, in order that Senators may be
enabled to get perfect copies of the works which
ore to be distributed among the people. I ask,
therefore, that we shall proceed to the considera-
tion of that joint resolution.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from North Carolina to
take up the bill which he has mentioned.
Mr. BADGER. I perceive, sir, that, as usual,
we are to spend the clay in determining what busi-
ness we shall take up. If gentlemen prefer that
course, I shall make no objection. If it is not
the pleasure of the Senate to proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill which -1 have indicated, I
shall be satisfied. All I want is a vote upon tlmt
question. If it is the pleasure of the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of that bill, I think
they ought to have an opportunity of doing so.
All I ask is simply a decision of the Senate
whether they will proceed to its consideration or
not. Now, as to the bill of my friend from Penn-
sylvania, and the bill of my friend from Arkansas.
On the lirst, I have already committed myself; 1
am a strong friend of it. 111 regard to the second,
I know of no reason why I should not be in favor
of it. But, at the same time, this bill of mine
has been lying over for a long time; I have given
way to everybody.
Mr. JOHNSON". Will the Senator allow me
a word of explanation ?
Mr. BADGER. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to con-
sidering the bill which the Senator proposes; but
I know that the joint resolution to which I referred
will occupy but little time; and I believe that, by
the rules of the body, the question to which it
refers is a privileged question.
Mr. BADGER. Not here.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I am misinformed. I
know that such is the casein the other House,
with the rules of which I am more familiar. I
can assure the Senator that I did not oppose his
motion from any desire to impede his wishes.
Mr. BADGER. I know that.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I did not expect that this bill
would come up this morning. I shall not now
discuss it. I intend simply to assign the reasons i
why I shall be compelled to vote against it. If
the bill looked to a change in the mode of compen-
sating members of Congress, and proposed to
allow them an annual salary, I could vote for it.
That portion of it which proposes to increase the
salaries of Judges of the Supreme Court, I should
vote for cheerfully as a separate bill. I shall vote
for the present bill if it be amended so as to be
restricted to them. I cannot, however, vote for a
bill increasing the present per diem allowance of
members of Congress, though it is less than they
ought to receive since the general increase in the
cost of living; because I believe it would only
perpetuate an evil system. I believe that the sys-
tem of compensating members of Congress by an
annual salary would work many benefits. The
reasons for that conviction I have heretofore as-
signed to the Senate, and I shall not now repeat
them. I cannot vote for any change in the pres-
ent system unless it embodies that principle.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I move to strike out
all that portion of the bill which relates to an in-
crease of the compensation of the members of the
two Houses of Congress, and upon that question
1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GILLETTE. This I regard as a vital
question—at least as near the vitals as the pock-
et—and having but a short time to serve in the
Senate, the few remarks which I feel it my duty
to offer, if they should have no other merit, will
have that, I trust, of disinterestedness and an eye
single to the public interests. While I fully appre-
ciate the expanded and liberal views of the distin-
guished Senator who introduced this bill, and
accredit him a large measure of patriotism 111 the
direction of public expenditure—his cardinal prin-
cipleappearwgto be,thegreater the disbursements
themoie public prosperity—I must dissent from
the proposition now before us. To increase the
pay of Congressmen, would, in my opinion, in-
crease the distempers of the republic, and the
dangers which threaten its existence.
If the present compensation were really inade-
quate to the vaiue of the services rendeied; if the
nation were actually receiving more than an equiv-
alent for what it pays its congressional servants,
then, sir, the proposition would commend itself to
my cordial and earnest support; for I am no dis-
believer in the Divine declaration that " the laborer
is worthy of his reward "—that is to say, if he cams
it, and do not approve, any more than the honor-
able Senator from North Carolina, of one man, or
set of men, living on the unrequited, coerced labor
of another man, or set of men. Such are not my
ideas of justice or of honor. Against such wrong-
doing, such extortion, such consummate injustice,
the impartial Father of men has published his ab-
hor) ence in threatened woes, from which I am as
anxious to escape that Senator can be. The
only true and snfe rule i?, do justly, and ''render
to ail their dues." This is the proper principle
on which to determine this question, as I think,
and not, as the Senator insisted the other day, the
cost of living here in Washington, which is more
or less, accoiding to individual habits, tastes, and
preferences; the mode of living, the quantity, and
quality of wine and stronger liquors, which may
be thought necessary by some to stimulate their
patriotism, and other vulgar and pernicious indul-
gences of depraved and groveling appetites. The
truth is, a man may spend more or less here, as
elsewhere, just as he chooses, so that we have no
safe criterion in this direction.
When we consider the matter of compensation
for services rendered, the amount actually earned
is the main subject for consideration, and this
should determine this question; for I maintain that
Congressmen, like their constituents, should " eat
their bread in the sweat of the brow," in obe-
dience to the " higher law," or do without eating,
if they will not resign, and give place to better
men.
The question then resolves itself into this: are
Congressmen paid already as much as they earn ?
I must say, I think they are ; the people hardly
receive in return their money's worth. Mr. Pres-
ident, I take no pleasure in saying it, but f have
sometimes thought that the people are afflicted
with a large number of unprofitable servants—
present company excepted, of course, sir—who,
should they escape that " outer darkness" which
awaits incorrigible transgressors, will owe their
deliverance, not to any salvation obtainable from
such Acts as the atrocious Fugitive Act of the
Thirty-First Congress*, or the perfidious Nebras-
ka-Kansas act of the Thirty-Third. The people,
in some quarters, have concluded that such ser-
vices are quite too dear at eight dollars a day, and
do not care to have any more such, even at that
price, judging from the bolt of doom which has
fallen upon so many of their unfaithful servants,
and which overhangs so many more. If Congress-
men would have better pay, let them earn it fairly
and honestly, by doing better work. Especially
unpropitious is the present time for preferring
such a claim—so soon after the audacious and
execrable attempt "to crush out the spirit of
liberty" from the hearts of the people, and the
sublimeand beautiful illustration of14 popular sov-
ereignty"^ the recent election in Kansas, where,
as we areinformed by theGovernor of thatTeiri-
tory and others, popular sovereignty had to run
away from his own ballot-boxes, in order to save
his democratic Highness from the bludgeons,
bowie-knives, and pistols of an irruptive slave-
holding sovereignty.
What foundation can Congressmen have of an
equitable claim for eight dollars a day even, during
the first month of each session, spent as it uni-
formly is, not so much in the service of the coun-
try as in holiday festivities and amusements?
Little, indeed, earned during one third of this ses-
sion, and twelve dollars a day this bill proposes to
pay for that. I will not be a party to any such
agreement.
Moreover, Mr. President, I do not understand,
from any quarter, that the people now find the least
difficulty in obtaining congressional servants at
the present price of their service. The trouble
rather is in making a selection among the multi-
tude of aspirants. Even the honorable'Senator
himself, who introduced this bill, did not intimate
any such embarrassment in North Carolina, nor *
appear to apprehend the least danger to that vener-
able State from the lack of good and true men, like
himself, to defend her rights and maintain her
honor on the floors of Congress; and sure I am,
in that part of the country in which I am ac-
quainted, there is no want of men " nothing loth"
to be persuaded to serve their dear country in this
Capitol for the presentcompensation. There can
be no doubt on this point—every Senator knows
there are public spirited, self-saving patriots
enough in nil the States and Territories who, if
unable exactly to agree with the old Latin poet in
the sentiment, Dulce et decorum pro patrid mori—it
is pleasant and honorable to die for one's country—
are very willing to adopt the sentiment with the
slight change of a single word, so that it will read:
Dulce et decorum propairia vivere—it is pleasant and
honorable to live for one's country. Hence, sir,
the proposition before the Senate seems to me
entirely uncalled for and supererogatory. While
the supply so greatly outruns the demand, I
cannot understand the statesmanship, much less
the economy, of such a proposition. Why, sir,
should a man enter a shop in this city, and
strangely insist on paying the shopkeeper fifty
per cent, more than his price for certain goods, of
which he has a superabundant supply—more
than he can ever sell—he would be thought a
little moonstruck, and a candidate for the insane
asylum.
Js it not equally irrational, gratuitous, and un-
wise to propose that the people of this country,
now bowed down to the very earth by financial em-
barrassments, should pay their congressional ser-
vants fifty per centum more than they now receive
for their attendance here, when the aspirants are
already so plentiful and persistent, as to be about
as clamorous and annoying as the bawling hack-
men that infest our railway stations ? If the dear
people will only patronize their coaches, they will
be very well satisfied with forty cents a mile for
travel, and eightdollars a day for service. Shall
we offer them more, and thus multiply the number
and intensify their avidity ?
I have another objection to this bill, which to
me, is insurmountable. It ignores the gross in-
equality and glaring injustice which exist in the
present mileage of members of Congress, and
admitted by every man whom I have ever heard
express his views on the subject, except the
Senator who introduced this bill. He said, if
I recollect aright, that it is just, entirely just, as
it is. Let us see how it operates. Those Con-
gressmen from the remote parts of the country,
actually receive some thousands nf dollars more
than members living near, and that merely for a
few days extra travel in the public service. For
