1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
tant and strictly just, and, in respeet to the public,
right and necessary that this additional compen-
sation should be granted to both these classes of
public servants.
The honorable Senator says, however, that, so
far from there being a difficulty in procuring per-
sons to represent the States on this floor, the diffi-
culty often is in making a selection between those
numerous candidates who are willing to engage in
that public service at the present rate of compen-
sation. Why surely, sir, so it is, and so, I trust,
it ever will be, that there is some higher and
nobler feeling or principle operating upon the
minds of American statesmen and American cit-
izens, than the mere consideration of making
money in the service of their country. I should
scorn myself if I were capable of being influenced,
when my country rreeds my services, by inquiries
whether I could add to my private fortune by dis-
charging my public duty. I doubt not, if my
own State were in a situation to need the services
of her sons, at whatever personal sacrifice or
inconvenience, without a penny of compensaiion,
present or prospective, certain or contingent, she
could look through the broad expanse of her ter-
ritory and select at her pleasure, those upon whom
she would .devolve the discharge of this duty,
rewarded by nothing but her approbation and the
consciousness of right doing. But that is not the
question for us. The question is whether a
country abundantly rich, prosperous beyond ex-
ample in the history of the world, shall tax the
patriotic devotion of her citizens in the rendering
of these public services, and leave them, not
without accumulation of fortune—that is what no
man asks—but subjects them, whilst they sur-
render their best daya to their first duty—the
service of the republic—to a gradual diminution of
those private means by winch they hoped ulti-
mately to discharge their second duty, which is to
leave their children in a state of competency when
they themselves sink into the grave.
Mr. President, upon that subject I beg to say,
that, while it would be right and proper that those
services should be asked and received by the coun-
try, in its necessity and distress, if it were crippled
and impoverished, not only at less pay than we
now receive, but -with nothing at all, and though
we should all, f doubt not, render them with the
utmost cheerfulness, at whatever expense or what-
ever sacrifice, is it right that the rich, the opulent,
the prosperous, the mighty nation to which we
belong, should ask such sacrifices from her public
servants ? It is not right, sir.
Now, though it may be, perhaps, a little out of
taste, 1 will, with regard to myself, state what has
been the result of congressional services upon
me. I first left at home an honorable and lucra-
tive profession. I stopped the income thereupon
which 1 had a right to depend, and upon which it
was my uuty to depend, both for myself for the
present, and for those for whom 1 am bound to
provide in the future. I came here, and 1 have
now, exclusive of this session, served here through
four Congresses, and every Congress has resulied
in my being compelled to add from two thousand
five hundred to three thousand dollars to my com-
pensation" received as a member of this body, in
order to defray my expenses. What is true of :
myself, is true, I am sure, of many other of my t
friends on this floor. I ask, can that be right? j
Would the people of a great country, if they un- !
derstood it, otherwise than scorn to receive ser- [
vices unrequited ? I do the people of the United ;
States the justice to believe that if this subject ;
were properly understood by them, there would
be a universal response from one end of the nation j
to the other—" It is unjust; it is unfair, it is un- j
worthy of us; and let this wrong, this injustice, I
so unworthy of us, be at once corrected." Such j
remarks as these I could not have made at an j
earlier part of my service here without being mis- j
understood. My connection with the public ser- i
vice of the United States is soon to close. I shall !
leave this Chamber; I shall leave it to return to it I
no more; and I can, therefore, without impro- '
priety, mention, in regard to myself, what can no I
longer be misunderstood as to its motive or pur- \
port, but which is calculated to show to the con-
stituents of us ail the condition m which they place
their public servants here; which understanding,
my conviction of their integrity and right feeling
is such that J am satisfied they would demand its
correction.
As to the mode in which honorable gentlemen
-who come nere may chose to live, it is their con-
cern; it is not the concern of the honorable Sena-
tor from Connecticut. If he chooses to pass his
time in using libations of cold water, he has a per-
' feet right to do it; and I am the last man on earth
who would call him m question for it. I assume
no jurisdiction or superintendence over his habits
of life. If other gentlemen think proper to indulge
i in the fruit of tne vine, he has as little right to
I exercise a supervision over their habits in that
I respect. That is a matter which every gentleman
| must regulate for himself: but upon that subject,
j 1 will say—it is due after what I have said, in jus-
| tice to myself, to say—that my expenditures here
have not resulted from extravagance of living;
ail my friends who best know my personal habits
know that this is true; and therefore, I conclude
that other gentlemen upon this floor who come
here, and who live in the first-class houses i#the
city, where, I presume, it is expected members of
Congress shall live; and who bring, as every gen-
tleman ought to do who has them, his wife and
children, to spend with him a portion of their time,
occasionally in his company, must be placed m
the same situation, in the ratio between receipt
and expenditure, which I have realized in my own
case. I do not regret the loss which I have sus-
tained in the public service. Though I may not
have been enabled to do anything for the country
at large, and but little for the State which sent me
here, 1 have this consolation: that at all times and
on all occasions I have endeavored, to the best of
my ability, to serve her and to serve the Union.
I regret not what is past, but I desire, if possible,
to prevent, to some extent at least, such occur-
rences for the future among gentlemen who may
succeed me on this floor.
A few words now as to the amendment which
has been moved by my honorable friend from
Iowa. He proposes to strike out from this bill so
much as provides for an increase of the compen-
sation of the members of the two Houses of Con-
gress. I shall voteagamst thatamendment because j
i believe the increase ought to be made. It is just,
it is reasonable, it is due that it should be made;
and believing that, I will not consent to separate
one meritorious class of public servants from
another in the proposed increase. It is true, I
admit, that when members of Congress pass a bill
for the purpose of enlarging their own compensa-
tion, upon the first appearance, it strikes us as if
there was something indelicate m it. But if there
bean indelicacy, it is one which is forced upon
us by the Constitution of the United States. That
Constitution has not vested in any other public
functionary or functionaries the power to determ-
I ine on the compensation of the members of the
two Houses. It has fixed that power here, and
therefore, when there is a real cause for such an
increase it is not indelicate because it is necessary.
, It is not indelicate, because there is no other tribu-
j nal to which we can refer the question. It is not
j indelicate; because, to say that, is to charge the
framers of the Constitution with having imposed
on Congress the necessity of indelicacy. Being
right, I shall vote for it. Being right, I shall vote
against striking it from the hill. If, however, it :
j shall be the pleasureof the Senate to strike it out j
I shall still vote with great heartiness for theresi- I
due of the hill, being always willing, if I cannot
accomplish all the good which seems to be before
me, to accomplish as much of it as I can.
There is one remark which I ought to make—
it is due to the occasion to make it—before I take
my seat. The honorable Senator from Connec- ;
ticut has alluded to what he considers the gross i
injustice of the present system of mileage; and, j
if I understood him rightly, he said that the in- |
justice of it had been admitted by every gentle- |
man whom be had heard express an opinion on !
the subject, except myself. Sir, if the honorable |
Senator had been a member of this body aa long j
as I have been, he would have had an oppor- j
tunity of hearing some of the most able and
distinguished men who have ever sat in the halls !
of Congress, express the same opinion which I
expressed, jl will instance no other example than !
the late Mr. Calhoun. When on more than one j
occasion, we received propositions from the House :
of Representatives to limit and restrict the mile- j
age, the Senate uniformly and clearly voted them I
down. On those occasions, the sentiments which 1
I have expressed, were announced by other gen- j
tlemen, whose opinions were far more -worthy of
consideration than mine. It is manifest, too,
upon a point of real, not imaginary, delicacy, why
many gentlemen should not express opinions on
that subject. I have expressed them, because,
upon the question of mileage, I never had any in-
terest. My own mileage has always been so
small and inconsiderable, that if it had been strick-
en out, it would have made no material diminu-
tion in the amount of compensation which I re-
ceived. For this reason it has happened that
persons situated as I am, without interest in the
question of mileage, have been those only who
have taken any part in the discussions upon it.
But we have shown over and over again by our
votes, that a decided majority of the Senate con-
sider the present arrangement as just. I consider
it so. I have stated why I consider itso. I have
never heard any answer given to the views
which I expressed on that subject. Well, then,
how stands the case? The honorable Senator
from Connecticut thinks this system of mileage
is grossly unjust and unequal, for which he gives
no other reason than his own opinion. A ma-
jority-of the Senate have, in all time past thought,
and now think, that it is not grossly unjust and
unequal. There stands the question.
I am sorry to have been led into this discussion.
I did not intend this morning, to say a word on
the subject.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, if I could
give a vote on this question without being mis-
understood, I should certainly prefer to remain
silent; but for fear my vote may be misunderstood,
I ask to be indulged in a very few remarks.
I have served, sir, for along period in this body;
and I concur with the honorable Senator from
North Carolina, that the Senators of the United
States are not compensated for the services which
they render to the country. This much I will
concede to the honorable Senator. Like him,
years ago, I abandoned a lucrative practice to come
here;-but I will not indulge myself with speaking
of the sacrifices which I have made. I know very
well that there are no men in this country paid
worse than the Senators of the United States who
reside within five hundred miles of the Capitol.
For this session my compensation, perhaps, is but
little more than that of a page of tile Senate; not
half that of one of the messengers of the Senate.
Under these circumstances, no man wilt pretend
to say that the compensation is adequate for the
services rendered.
My honorable friend from North Carolina has
stated to us, in the course of his remarks, that the
reason why he had never introduced a proposi-
tion of this kind before, until he was about to
leave the Senate, was the apprehension that he
might be misunderstood. That was a rational
apprehension; and I stand now precisely in the
attitude in which he stood, when he thought he
ought not to move in the matter lest he should be
misunderstood. "He can vote for this measure
without any imputation upon him. He will not
receive under it anything which anybody will
imagine could possibly have induced him to bring
forward this bill. All men will acquit him of any
impropriety. All will see the purity of motive
by which he has been actuated. But, sir, with
a large class of the community, how will the matter
stand with me and other men,situated in like cir-
cumstances with me ? Here are more than four
years of my term of service remaining unexpired.
I am called upon to vote for a proposition which
is to put money into my pocket. I never did it;
and if I continue to feel as I do now, I never
shall. I did not come here for the sake of the
compensation, I knew that it was inadequate
when I accepted the commission; but I am willing
to perform the service upon the terms on which I
entered into the contract. When I find that the
sacrifice is too great for me, I shall retire from the
public service. But, sir, whenever a proposition
is made here to do justice to other gentlemen, if I
can possibly do it without committing myself, in
such a way as, perhaps, to ruin my own useful-
ness amongst my countrymen hereafter, by sub-
jecting myself to an imputation which i utterly
scorn, I am willing to give a vote which shall
compensate them. 1 am willing to vote now to
increase the compensation of my successor, and
those who come after us.
I do not think that the measure of justice pro-
posed by the bill is equal among the Senators; but
