'•*43
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11*
Senator from Georgia, the other day, to show
that when a soldier has been mustered mto the ser-
vice, and has actually served the country, why he
should not receive bounty lands, because he had
not been antecedently paid by the Government,
if should rather think that the argument ought to
be the other way. I hope, therefore, that those
words will be stricken out. You will have the
■ same means of identifying the party who is to
receive the bounty land without them; and there
Can be no reason assigned why persons who have
Served the country, and were not paid, should
not receive the bounty merely because, as the bill
seems to suppose, they have not been so paid.
Mr. STUART. It seems to me that we are
getting this thing into very great confusion. I
understand that the amendment, which is in order,
is that which has been offered by the Senator from
Maine.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on striking
out of the first section the words, " and whose
services have been paid by the United States."
Mr. STUART. Will the Chair inform me
what has become of the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Maine ? It was the pending amendment.
The Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Badger}
had moved to strike out of that amendment certain
words; but a short time ago he withdrew that
amendment to the amendment. He cannot move
to strike the words out of the original bill while
the amendment of the Senator from Maine is pend-
ing. The question must first be taken on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Maine,
and then a proposition can be made to strike these
words out of the bill.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Michi-
gan is correct. The question is properly on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Maine.
Mr. STUART. Let us have that read.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. PRATT. I ask for a division ®f that
amendment. I am disposed to vote for the latter
branch of it, but not for the first. I think, as
the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] has well
said, the United States are under no obligation
whatever to pay for troops mustered into the ser-
vice of a State, when the State authorities, or
the troops themselves, refused to be placed under
theauthority of the Federal Government. As he
has correctly said, we are disposing of the prop-
erty of the Federal Government, and we ought
to give it only to those who were in the service
of that Government. I ask, therefore, for a di-
vision of the amendment.
Mr. FESSEJXDEN. I wish to explain to the
Senator from Maryland that the amendment does
not touch that class of persons in any* shape or
form, because it applies only to persons whose
services have been paid for by the United States.
That provision is connected with my amendment.
If the class of soldiers referred to by the Senators
from Michigan and Maryland are covered at all,
they are covered by the preceding parts of the
bill, but not by the amendment, because te it is
attached the additional phrase " whose services
have been paid for by the United States," and it
was not intended to cover them. It was only
intended to cover the case of persons employed
in a recent period to repel invasion from the fron-
tier.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator has satisfied me.
I have no objection to his amendment. I with-
draw my call for a division.
Mr. STUART. I am very sorry to say that
the Senator from Maine has not satisfied me.
Probably it is my fault. I wish to look at the
proposition of the Senator in two points of view.
He proposes to insert a provision to grant bounty
land to troops who have been called out by a State
to protect its own territory. He says that the
original words in the bill " whose services have
been paid for by the United States" will exclude
the men referred to by my colleague; but there
is a proposition already introduced to strike those
words out. Then, how will the amendment
stand ? It will stand without any such qualifica-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will explain the matter
to the Senator, for he misapprehends it. The
original section of the bill includes two classes of
persons—first, the regular troops who were mus-
tered into the service of the United States and paid
by the United States; secondly, the volunteers and
militia who were called out by the authority of
the State Governments for military services, and
mustered into the service—not mustered into the
service of th® United States; that is not the ex-
pression of the bill—and whose services have been
paid for by the United States. That is the way
it stands now. "Whether those words should be
stricken out or not, the Senate can decide; but the
language of my amendment is, " or of any armed
force employed by any Stkte for the protection of
its territory, and whose services have been paid
for by the United States." Those are the words
of my amendment, and I do not propose to have
them stricken out. The Senator from North Caro-
lina has withdrawn his motion to strike them out;
therefore it does not include the class of persons
alluded to by the Senator.
Mr. STUART. That disposes of the objection,
so far as I have made it; but I should like to know
now, from the Senator from Massachusetts,
whether this Government has not paid the State
of Massachusetts for the services of the soldiers
who were refused to be placed under the authority
of the United States—whether they have not been
paid for within four or five years ?
Mr. ROCKWELL. Certainly.
Mr. STUART. Then it does bring about pre-
cisely the objection that my colleague alluded to.
The United States have paid them, and, therefore,
the very evil to which my colleague alluded, is
produced by the amendment. The Senator from
Maine will see that his amendment will cever
these Massachusetts militia, who refused to be
put under the officers of the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can modify the amend-
ment to meet the objection of the Senator. I can
limit it to those who were called out by the State
of Maine to defend its territory.
Mr. ROCKWELL. I do not know precisely
how the question stands upon this amendment; but
I have a word er two to say ill relation to a subject
that was opened the other day by the distinguished
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] and which
has been also alluded to to-day by the Senator
from Maryland, [Mr. Pratt,] and the other Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart.] If I under-
stand this bill, and it has been so stated by the
distinguished Senator himself repeatedly in this
debate, it is to make a gratuity to the individual
soldiers, or their representatives, who were en-
gaged in the war of 1812. I do net propose now
to reopen the controversy which existed at that
time in relation to the troops, particularly of the
State of Massachusetts, because I do not consider
that it is involved in anything which is connected
with this bill, and because it is a matter of his-
tory. By the verdict of history, that State will
abide upon that question as upon all others. This
question relates to the individual soldier alone, and
to his representatives, and I ask if that question
does legitimately arise here at all? If there was
a controversy between the authorities of the State
of Massachusetts and the authorities of the Gen-
eral Government, or a military officer of the Gen-
eral Government, that question was between that
Government and the State of Massachusetts; but
did not the soldiers and the subordinate officers
perform service? Were they net ready to go
\ttherever the authorities above them csmmanded
them to go ? And is it right new ts exclude from
this bounty those who exposed themselves to the
hardships and perils of war, because those who
had the command of them entertained different
views from the Government of the United States?
If this is a gratuity, in the nature of a reward to
the individual soldiers, I ask where is the reason
for the exclusion ? Is it not right that they should
receive the same compensation as any other sol-
diers who were in the service of the country ?
They were bound, as I understand it, to obey
their officers, to go where they commanded, and
to stay where they ordered them to stay.
Now, sir, I suppose this bill wants votes, and 1
intend to vote on this question upon principle. I
am desirous of supporting the bill, but, I shall be
compelled to say, that if this distinction be taken,
either by this amendment or in any form, it will
be unjust towards these soldiers. I can inform
the distinguished Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Cass,] for whom, personally, no man in this Sen-
ate entertains a mgre profound and grateful res-
pect, for his public services, as well in the military
department of the Go vernment as in the civil, that
there were many of those soldiers who were as
patriotic citizens as could be found in the armies
of the United States or of any of th* States.
They were moved by as patriotic motives as ever
actuated the breast of that Senator. They were
ready and anxious to serve their country, where-
ever they were ordered to serve it; and, therefore,
it seems that this exclusion is improper. When
this bounty is to be given to those who left their
homes ana served their country, if it be stained
by such a distinction as this, will it not justify
me, will it not justify any honorable man, in op-
posing a bill which makes so invidious and unjust
a distinction, as to the individuals upon whom
it is to operate? Sir, I believe there is, in this
Senate, a sense ^f justice which will perceive the
injustice of this distinction.
It is true, that as the bill stands now, the class
of soldiers referred to, is included, because the
claim of the government of Massachusetts, for the
money which was paid, has been recognised by
this Government, *nd has been partially paid.
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] is
right upcm that point. In the year 1850, when
the bounty land bill was passed, by a construc-
tion of the Department, that pay was delayed. It
was a difficult matter of construction, and they
were not paid; but in 1852, by a statute that may
be referred te, another act was passed with the
express purpose and intention, of paying that
class of soldiers. They have received forty acres
of land under the construction given t® the act of
1850, by the explanatory act of 1852. If this bill
passesas it now stands, they will receive the bal-
ance, one hundred and twenty acres, deducting the
forty acres which they have already received,
from ene hundred and sixty.
Sir, with the greatest confidence I Venture to
submit to the distinguished Senator from Michi-
gan himself, that it is net right for him now to
make this objection to this gratuity te the individ-
ual soldiers. Some of them I have seen here, sir,
within the last few days, mingling with the other
soldiers of the war of 1812. I have seen the same
pride upon their brows, and the same patriotism
is in their hearts, that actuated every one of that
gallant band. It was so in 1812, and wherever
in his command the Senator might have met them,
he would have found no men who would stand by
him better than they would.
Suppose the question should now be raised of
paying the troops that were surrendered on a cer-
tain occasion in the last war. Would it be right
to refuse bounty land to them because they were
surrendered by General Hull in a way that waa
entirely beyond their control ? Were not the sur-
rendered troops in that army willing to serve the
country ? And does net that distinguished Sena-
tor know that there were among those troops those
whose hearts burned with indignation at being
compelled to be surrendered in that way ? Have
we not here precisely the same principle? Would
you refuse to pay them, b'geause, being bound by
the orders of their superior officer, they were,
though willing te> serve their ceuntry, deprived of
the opportunity of losing their lives in that service ?
It is part of our glorious history, in which that
distinguished Senator bears so noble a part, that
a portion ef that army viewed with the utmost
indignation the surrender to which they were com-
pelled to submit. Now, I put the two cases
together. If you adept the principle as applicable
to the soldier in the one case', how.can you avoid
it as to the soldiers of the Massachusetts line in
the last war?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I find on looking at the
original bill, that I am right in my construction of
it. The Massachusetts soldiers alluded to are
provided for in it. It make's no difference whether
you strike out the words " paid by the United
States " or not; because they have been paid, and
they stand, therefore, previded for in the original
bill, without my amendment. Hence that amend-
ment will have no effect to carry the principle a
single step further in the direction which the
Senator from Michigan seems so much to depre-
cate, than the bill does itself. My amendment
only provides for an additional class who are not
open ts his objection; I therefore shall leave it
stand as I offered it.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator is under a
misapprehension. The troops ef that description
do not come in under the original bill. They
were never mustered into the service ef the United
States.
