185&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MS
3vfr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; and the bill does
not provide that they shall be mustered into the
service of the United States. It simply provides
that they shall be mustered into military service.
That is all.
Mr-CASS. Of course it must be into the ser-
vice of the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. CASS. It could not be into the service
of England or France.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But it could be into the
service of a State.
Mr. CASS. The whole effect of the bill is that
the troops shall be mustered by an officer of the
United States. I now learn, for the first time,
that these Massachusetts troops have been paid,
and it haa been within the last two years. For
thirty-five years efforts were made to pay them
without success. Then a provision passed, it
must have been in some appropriation bill, sub
sikntio to pay them.
A Senator. A special law was passed.
Mr.. CASS. It was a special law. Of course,
the Executive Government could not have paid
them. I, therefore, now learn for the first time,
or, at least, I recollect for the first time, that such
a bill was passed.
But, I merely want to state that I have not a
harsh word to say on this matter. It is now a
part of history; and if history, as has been said, is
philosophy teaching by example, let it teach us to
be just. No man can respect the State which the
honorable Senator [Mr. Rockwell] so ably rep-
resents on this floor, more than I do. It was the
very cradle of American liberty, and its whole
course has left an impression on the pages of Amer-
ican history which time can never obliterate. But
there was a very strange occurrence which took
place, and which we may now talk about as his-
tory, more than forty years ago. It was a very
strange occurrence. It was decided by the supreme
judicial court of Massachusetts, that under the
provision in the Constitution which authorizes the
militia of the State to be called out to defend the
country, the government of the State id to judge
of the proper circumstances under which they
shall be called out, and not the President. At the
very time that that took place, Eastport, I think,
was in possession of the British, and I am sure
that a large portion of Michigan was; yet, the
Governor of Massachusetts, I speak of it as a
historical fact, declared, in his communication,
founded on the decision of the supreme court of
Massachusetts, that he had a right to determine
when the contingency existed, and that the con-
tingency which then existed did not justify the
placing of the troops of the State under the orders
of the United States.
These are historical facts, and I look upon them
as gone by. My view is simply this: The hon-
orable Senator says that it would be hard to de-
prive these men of the gratuity. I do not want to
deprive them of it. It is a distinction I am unwil-
ling to make. But upon what ground are we
appropriating such immense quantities of the pub-
lic land, or, in other words, public treasure ? As
I have before said, it must be for one of two things;
it must be to reward men for their services, or it
must be as an encouragement for future services,
call it a gratuity, or what you will. Something
ought to have been rendered to the United States,
or else on what ground can you make such an
appropriation? The men, to whom I alluded, ren-
dered no services to the United States. It was not
their fault, I grant. But there were thousands in
Massachusetts who stayed at home, who were not
called out, that rendered as much service to the
United States as those men did who were called
out, but who were refused to be placed under an
officer of the United States. It was not their fault
that they were not called out, nor that they did
not go into the public service, I have no doubt
that a very large proportion of them, if they had
been called into the field, would have behaved as
bravely as their fathers behaved. I am sure they
would have done so if they had not been pre-
vented. I have regretted, from that day to this,
for the character of the common country, that the
Governor of Massachusetts should have taken that
course. But it serves to show us how strangely
party, particularly when party is in a high state
of excitement, operates upon the best minds.
There was his decision, supported by the su-
preme judicial tribunal of Massachusetts; and yet
I do not suppose that thereis~a man in the Senate
who would now get up and say that it was a csr-
rect construction, that the Governor of the State
should have the power of determining the contin-
gency in which the State troops should be called
into the field, and that no officer, short of the Pres-
ident, could assume the joint command over the
regulars and the militia. The spirit of the Con-
federation is gone. Those were the very times
when the Confederation was wanting. In times
of peace it could go on smoothly. Our institutions
could then go on of themselves like clock-work.
The public spirit of this country could even goon
almost without institutions. It did so go on from
1783 down to the adoption-of the present Consti-
tution. I think it is one of the greatest honors
which attaches to the American name thatitcould
be so. How well was it proved in California?
Put Americans where you will, throw them as
waifs upon a distant sand-bar, and they will make
a community in themselves.
I repeat, I shall not say one harsh word about
this matter, with which the Senator from Massa-
chusetts would be disposed to find any fault. I
am reviewing the transaction as a matter of his-
tory, and I am saying to myself, have I the right
to appropriate the public treasure to persons who
never rendered the public any service? The State
of Massachusetts should have paid those troops.
Mr. ROCKWELL. It paid the troops, and
then the General Government refunded the money.
Mr. CASS. Then it came from the United
States Treasury. I repeat, if they were not in the
service of the United States, and rendered no ser-
vice to the United States, they oughtnot to receive
such compensation. That is all I say. I will
merely add, in regard to the matter referred to by
the honorable Senator, that 1 have had a great
deal of feeling on that subject, but it has passed
by.
Mr. TOOMBS. I regret very much to see this
bill take such a direction as to exclude the Massa-
chusetts militia. I do not think the case is very
faiily stated by the Senator from Michigan. He
says he will not pay them, because they rendered
the United States no service. I take it, sir, that
if you exclude all who did not render actual ser-
vice to the United States in battle, ninety-nine one
hundredths of the beneficiaries of the bill would
be excluded. Even in the Revolution, we paid all
the troops who were engaged in the particular
defense of any State, as well as those who were
engaged in the general defense of the United
States. Now, these Massachusetts troops were
called out for the defense of the United States.
On account ofa controversy between the President
and the Governor of Massachusetts, the Governor
refused to allow them to march out of the State,
which, I think, is the hinge of the controversy;
but they were under arms, ready to repel the
common enemy, as thousands of other persons
were.
Mr. CASS. Not under the officers of the United
States.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; but they were called
out as State militia generally are, though they
were refused to be placed under the command of
the President of the United States. Now, sir, in
the first place, these men ought not to be punished
for any error—if error it was—committed by the
Governor of Massachusetts. These people were
not free to act as they chose. They were to obey
their superiors, and were not to blame.
I do not think that the question is so well settled
as the Senator from Michigan supposes it to be,
that the decision of the supreme tribunal of Massa-
chusetts was wrong. The Governor of Massa-
chusetts may have decided wrong, but that he had
the right of deciding, I think is clear. That is
my judgment about it. At all events, 1 am not
inclined to press the question so far as to exclude
these men.
Mr. CASS. May I ask the Senator to repeat
his position ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I say that the Governor of
Massachusetts may have decided wrong, but that
he had the right to decide the question, I think, is
perfectly clear under the Constitution.
Mr. CASS. You mean, in other words, that
the Governor of a State has a right to determine
whether the contingency exists which renders it
necessary to call the militia out.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir, I mean to say that
when the President of the United States calls on
the Governor of a State for the militia of the State
the Governor has the right, and it is his duty, to
decide whether such a case exists as, under the
Constitution, to authorize the call; otherwise he
is.merely an agent of the President of the United
States, who could command the entire forces of
this country for any purpose whatsoever, consti-
tutionally or otherwise. That would be a neces-
sary result from the position laid down by. the
Senator from Michigan.
Mr. CASS. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to state that at the very moment at which that
difficulty arose, the case provided for in the Con-
stitution existed—two extremes of the country
were in the possession of the enemy.
Mr. TOOMBS. It does not at all affect the
constitutional principle in whose ever hands the
country was.
Mr. CASS. But it shows the danger of the
construction.
Mr. TOOMBS. Even the danger of a construc-
tion does not show the rightfulness or wrongfulness
of the obstruction. If the entire republic were iu
the hands of an enemy, the Constitution would
stand the same; it would not be affected by that.
But I am inclined to waive that question.
I say, though, that the Governor of a State has
the right to decide the question. The Governor
of Massachusetts, I think, ought to have decided
otherwise, and 1 should have so decided at the
time; but I am not inclined, on that account, to
punish the citizens of Massachusetts, or to with-
hold from them this gratuity—for it is nothing but
a gratuity. It is a mistake, it is ideal, it is fanci-
ful, to suppose that it is anything else; and they
ought not to be excluded from it. The State of
Massachusetts has been paid for the services, and
I think the controversy ought to end. Even if#
these soldiers made a mistake, they wera obey-
ing the authorities of the State, and they erred on
the side of patriotism in deciding for their own
State against any authority whatsoever.
Mr. STUART. I only wish to say thatj did
not desire to embark in this discussion at all.
The object 1 had in view has been accomplished.
Senators were remarking around me, that the
question alluded to was not involved. I believe
that it is very clearly shown now that it is, and
the only motive I had in view was to show that.
I never indicated how I should myself vote upon
it; but it is clear that the question, whether those
individuals shall share .equally with others, is in-
volved in the proposition, upon the history of
that I do not propose to comment at this time.
The remarks of the Senator from Georgia, I think
it might be shown,are not in accordance with the
Constitution of the United States; but that is
immaterial.'
The Senator from Georgia clearly desires to
make this bill just as large as he can in its opera-
tion, because he means to vote against it in any
event. lie has announced the fact to us, that, fix
it as you will, large or small, he intends to vote
against it; and, therefore, his vote will be best sus-
tained by making the bill as objectionable as pos-
sible. I am not disposed to controvert the point
with the Senator. I am not at all disposed to deny
that the bill has already assumed a form which
will compel many of its original friends to vote
against it. I should not be surprised if it should
turn out so in the end; and those who do vote
against it will find the same protection which the
Senator from Georgia finds in it.
Mr. President, there is another objection to this
bill which it would be well enough to think of in
our boundless liberality. I do not know but that
it may be improved; but as it no w stands, the man
who served his country, and the man who deserted
the service of his country, stand upon an equal
footing. Sir, the man who basely deserted his
flag is to be paid under this bill a gratuity. There
is no distinction made between the two eases.
Mr. BRODHEAD. We do not propose to pay
deserters.
Mr. STUART. Unquestionably, under "the .
language of the bill, a deserter is to be paid.
Mr. WELLER. It does not require that they
shall have been honorably discharged. It simply
requires that they shall have been mustered.
Mr. STUART. That is all. Ia there anything
in the bill that Requires that the men should have
been honorably discharged from the service of the
country? As it stands here to-day, patriots and
deserters, cheek by jowl, are to receive the bene-
