1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
in 1833, and that of Mr. Buchanan, in 1846; the
report of a special committee raised upon the sub
ject in this House in 1845, and the bills introduced
into Cong-ess in 1844 and in 1846, and other plans
prepared in the Department but never presented
to Congress, were all examined. Consultation
was-had with those long engaged, both in the
consular and diplomatic service of the country;
and after examination and comparison, the result
of the action of the committee was the report and
bill unanimously presented to this House last
session. That bill was printed and referred to a
Committee of the Whole House. It was dis-
tributed among members of the House, and sent
abroad to all our consular and diplomatic agents.
During the late recess of Congress numerous
and valuable suggestions were received from those
in the actual and past foreign service of the coun-
try; and, at the opening of the present session,
the bill was taken up from the Committee of the
Whole and referred back again to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, that it might he revised and
improved in some of its provisions.
The bill that 1 have now reported to the House
is the original bill thus matured. It has been mod-
Jtifein someof its minor details,but in its general
^Biracter and principles it is identically the same
bill that was originally reported. Jt omits some
things contained in each of the bills heretofore
before Congress, and embraces everything, it is
believed, in which previous bills have been unani-
mous. Its provisions cannot, therefore, be re-
garded in the light of experiments, but rather as
the results of the experience of all who have'
been heretofore occupied with, or have examined,
the subject. In asking, Mr. Speaker, the atten-
tion of the House for a few moments, while I
point out the reforms in our existing systems pro-
posed by this bill, I am painfully sensible of my
inability to make interesting to the House a sub-
ject necessarily of so much detail. I do not design
to speak of the foreign policy of the country; nor
of the necessity of some kind of machinery for
conducting it. I take it for granted that the age
of entire national isolation has passed, and that,
however independent we may he of other Govern-
ments in our foreign policy, still we are now, and
will ever be, necessarily bound to them, in a cer-
tain degree, by ties of commerce and humanity,
that, with the increase of knowledge among man-
kind, will have the effect of bringing the people of
this country more into connection with the people
of the rest ofthe world, and will, at the same time,
multiply the points of contact between our own
and other Governments.
I will also, in what I have to say, take it for
granted that a system of foreign ministers and
consuls resident abroad, such as have been found
necessary in the experience of all other civilized
Governments, are also required under our own
Government.
To the exertions of such a class of men, Whea-
ton, in his Law of Nations, has ascribed the great
advance of Europe -withmJhe last century; and,
as our forefathers, after trying special ministers
during the Revolution, and under the Confedera-
tion, decided on the first nominations of foreign
ministers (in 1790) under General Washington,
that they should be permanent t and, as such, both
ministers and consuls were at once, and have con-
tinued to be since, appointed, I shall take it for
granted that their existence has been wisely pro-
vided for.
I wish simply to call the attention of members
to some of the most striking evils in the machinery
of our foreign intercourse, and I shall merely indi-
cate, without arguing, the remedies proposed for
them in the bill before the House.
The first great evil results from our having ori-
ginally adopted, in 1789, wifh very little modifi-
cation, the foreign system of the English Govern-
ment.
It was the growth of institutions directly op-
posed in principle to our own, and its peculiarities
ill-adapted to the nature of our Government at its
origin, have grown with our development into
great and positive evils.
The grade of diplomatic rank was artificial and
involved.
It requires an expensive provision of outfit en-
tirely unsuited to our institutions.
lis salaries were left chiefly to the discretion of
the Executive.
It was without guards upon the action of min-
isters-; and, as the foreign policy of the British
Government was under the control of the British
sovereigns, so, on our adopting its machinery, a
larger share of influence and discretion was im-
posed by it upon the Executive of this country
than was consistent with the theory of our Gov-
ernment.
The great interest, Mr. Speaker, felt at the for-
mation of our Government, in adjusting internal
affairs, and the establishment of the Constitution,
as a kind of international law between the States
themselves, diverted attention from the importance
of a well-reflated foreign system, while the gen-
eral confidence reposed in the moderation and gpod
sense of General Washington, who was then Pres-
ident, checked all disposition to question the
amount of power left to be exercised at his dis-
cretion. Thus, sir, while our Constitution, dif-
fering from the British Government, divided be-
tween the Executive and the Senate the control
of foreign affairs, our early legislation conferred
upon the President a degree of discretion over for-
eign intercourse more in accordance with the spirit
of ihe English than of our own Government.
The first appropriation made by Congress for
our foreign service in 1790—the first year of Gen-
eral Washington's administration—was $40,000;
and it was to he paid out by him to such ministers
as he should send abroad, with no otherlimitupon
his discretion than that no minister should be paid
more than $9,000 salary, exclusive of outfit, which
should not be more than §4 500, nor the secretary
of the minister more than $1,350.
General Washington exercised the power
granted by Congress and appointed ministers and
consuls abroad, with the highest salaries per-
mitted by law. Having lived under the English
diplomatic and consular systems, they were fol-
lowed in their appointments in rank, except that
no embassador was sent or received.
The term embassador, in diplomatic language,
describes the personal representation ofa sovereign,
and differs from a mere minister in that the latter
represents his nation.
The actual diplomatic grades were, minister
plenipotentiary and envoy extraordinary, minister
resident, and charge de affaires, with secretaries
for each legation.
In 1802, undr Mr. Jefferson, these systems
had been in existence a little more than ten years,
and comprehended ministers plenipotentiary to
France, England, Madrid, ana Portugal, and a
secretary to each legation—four ministers pleni-
potentiary, and four secretariej of legation.
A minister resident and a secretary of legation
to the Hague—one minister resident, and one
secretary of legation.
There were at the same time in service abroad,
two sets of commissions, under the sixth and
seventh articles of the treaty with Great Britain,
with an agent attached, making in diplomatic
service eighteen persons.
There were consuls general at Amsterdam, Al-
giers, Tunis, Tripoli, and Morocco—five consuls
general.
Two agents for the relief of American seamen,
one at London and the other at Kingston, Jamaica
—two agents.
There were fifty-onpconsuls, three vice consuls,
and four commercial agents, in the consular ser-
vice—sixty-five persons.
Making in the foreign service of the Govern-
ment abroad, in all, eighty-three persons.
Total expense of their salaries, $105,597 .17.
The consuls general were salaried; consuls, and
vice consuls, and commercial agents, were sup-
ported by fees.
From 1800 to the present time, our diplomatic
and consular systems have remained without im-
portant modifications. In that period, we have
made great advances in wealth and power.
1500.
1850.
Population  5,305.905 23.191,876
Area of territory • .. 820,680 2.93o.K;G j
Exports $70.97!,760 $151,898,720 |
Impoits $91,252,708 ^118.1:18.3] S
Tourings.        872.492 3,535.4r 4
Seamen  CO,000 140 000
Oonimcrcal treaties with   5 nation*. 19 nations.
Revenues of Government 010,694.897 $43,375,798
Expenses of Government,.... 7,'4i!.37 ) 43,002,168
Expenses of foreign service.... .153,000 412,789 71
Such has been the development, in fifty years,
of the interests particularly affected by our foreign
intercourse. My time will no't permit me to
enlarge on particular points; but I call attention
to the fact, that'coming into existence the first
great neutral Power of the earth—with political
institutions antagonist in principle to those of
other Governments—we adopted their machinery
for foreign intercourse, and that, during a period
of sixty-five years—three political generations—
we have maintained it without important modifi-
cation.
2. That within the same period other Govern-
ments, with whom we hold intercourse, have
greatly modified their systems, and Great Britain,
whose system we more particularly copied, has
several times (in 1815-T6-'25-'30—'31 and *50)
thoroughly revised and changed hers in many
important particulars so as to have it conform to
the requirements of the age.
3. That eveiy President of the United States for
the last thirty years has been embarrassed by the
defects of our foreign system. That every Secre-
tary of State during that period, has desired its
reorganization, and that almost every Congress,
through regular and special committees, has re-
ported" in favor of its establishment upon a new
basis.
4. That the commercial interest of the country
has repeatedly protested against the incompatibil-
ity of many of its provisions and their utter inad-
equacy to meet the wants of our extended trade;
that the captains and seamen of our vessels abroad
htfve constantly complained of its unequal and
oppressive operation; and that our ministers and
consuls, under Whig and Democratic Administra-
tions, those in the actual and those in the past ser-
vice of the country, have united in its condemna-
tion.
5. That at many Governments where we are
represented, our ministers have been without right
of admittance to the royal presence, and forced to
yield in dignity and position to the representatives
of petty and comparatively insignificant States,
from the simple circumstance of our not having
adopted thegraues of diplomaticrank—established
at the treaty of Vienna, in 1815, and followed by
all the other Governments of Europe—a modifi-
cation simplifying diplomatic grades and involving
no sacrifice of principle or increased expenditure.
6. That while those of our Ministers-who accept
diplomatic position merely for the sake of foreign
travel, and who remain abroad only so long as the
novelty of the life charms, and return home before
they have acquired a knowledge of the language,
or a familiarity with the public men and feeling of
the nation to which they have been accredited, are
extravagantly paid in salary and outfit, equal to
$21,000 for a single year abroad, others of the
same grade and to the same court, whose services,
from a longer residence abroad, and a more inti-
mate knowledge of foreign matters, may be sup-
posed to be of, at least, equal value, receive at the
rate of only $9,000 a year.
7. That while some of our consuls amass for-
tunes, making in some instances, from $5,000 to
$15,000 a year, others, at points of much import-
ance, are struggling on with a very bare support.
8. That with commerce spreading into every
sea, and citizens establishing themselves in trade
upon almost every coast the world round, and
with legal provision for their protection, the agency
for its execution is so defective as to make our
law but little more, in many cases, than an instru-
ment in the hands of citizens of foreign countries
for our injury.
These evils the committee have thought originate
chiefly in two causes—
First, Our having adopted a system cumber-
some in its details, and unsuited to the nature of
our institutions from the degree of discretion it has
conferred upon the Executive.
Second. In our having retained this system as
originally adopted, without modifying it, to meet
either the requirements of our development or the
changed spirit of the age.
I am not insensible, Mr.speaker, to the diffi-
culties with which the comrmuee have to contend
in effecting the reforms proposed by the bill they
have reported.
I am aware that the very just and popular
prejudice which exists against any change in the
cautious and wise system of foreign policy inau-
gurated under the administration ofGeneral Wash-
ington, attaches in some degree to any change,
even in the machinery of oar foreign service.
I am afri&rte that the subject Of the reform itself
