240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
is peculiarly within the district of no member on
this floor, and that it is in the power of any one,
either from design or ignorance, to distort its pro-
visions in a way to excite vulgar clamor. I am
also aware, sir, that there are individuals of influ-
ence and respectability in the consular service to
whose pecuniary interest it will be that this bill
should not pass. But for these very reasons I
expect to find support for the bill, in the good
sense and reflection of members of the House.
The committee have desired to shape its pro-
visions in strict accordance with our existing for-
eign policy; and, in the arrangement of its details,
they have been governed only by principles of
general application. In no instance are they
aware of having "been influenced by the private
interests of any individual.
The bill, sir, appears to be a long one, but, in
reality, it is not long. The changes proposed
would not, if brought together, cover more than
four of the twenty-three printed pages of the bill.
One great evil at the present time is, that the law
of our consular and diplomatic service, is scat-
tered in various separate provisions all through
our statute-books.
The present bill is a compilation of existing
law's, placed in a proper connection, to render
plain the few modifications proposed.* It simpli-
fies their duties, and makes ministers and consuls
respond more nearly to the purpose of their crea-
tion. It takes from them any other character,
than that of representatives of their country,
clothed with the influence and responsibilities
properly belonging to such a position. It throws
around them additional guards for the faithful
discharge of official duty, and relieves them from
temptation to sacrifice thepublic to private interests.
It provides for them regular and economical sup-
port, in a way that, freeing them from the distrust
and suspicion of personal gain in the transaction
of public business, either with foreign authorities
or our own citizens, is, at the same time, little
burdensome upon the Treasury, and equal and
just in its operation upon different interests.
The changes under the bill, may be briefly
stated:
_" X. Itabolishes the titleof charge d'affaires, rais-
ing all our diplomatic agents to the rank of min-
isters plenipotentiary, and simplifying our grades
to correspond with the nature of our institutions,
and the systems of international intercourse,
adopted by the Governments of Europe, in 1815,
at the treaty of Vienna.
2. Itabolishes the outfit, equal to one year's
salary, and a return allowance of three months
salary, to every minister on his going to, and re-
turning from, his mission; and provides salaries
proportioned to the expense and dignity of the
different positions.
3. It provides a secretary of legation for each
mission.
4. The salary of none of our diplomatic or
consular agents are to begin until after entering
upon the discharge of their official duties, and to
cease as soon as relieved of them by a successor.
5. It prohibits the absence of any minister from
the country to which he is accredited, or any
consular or commercial agent from his district, for
a longer period than ten days, without leave from
the President, and stops their salary for any
absence over ien days, with or without leave of
absence.
6. None but citizens of the United States are to
* The sections of this bill already in force, either by law
Or instruction of the State or Treasury Departments, are-
Sec. 9. Instructions, June 3, 18."3. i
Sec. 10. Instructions, June 3, 1853.
See. U. To lino 6. haw, 1 vol., statutes,
" To line 9. Instructions in supplement, (note.)
page 3S. To line ir>. Law, vol. 1, page 956.
The rest of this section, pago 4.
Sec. 12. Toline6. In circular, June 1,1853,(exceptfees
to the Government.)
See. 13. Circular, June 1," 18o3.
Sec. 1C. To line 6 Law 5, page 399; vol. 2, page 203.
" Tolinc78. Inthespiritot supplement,page53.
" ^23 reSt 0i*tIliS section -"PP'ementaiy page
Sec. 16. General instructions,cap. 4, article 34; and sup-
plement, page S3.
Sec. IT. To line 7. United States law, page 203, sec. 3.
" The rest instiuctions of tho Treasury.
Sec. 18. Nearly th e same, with additional guards.
Sec. 19 and 20. Nearly the same.
9ee. 21. In general instructions, at page 12.
fec*Mea',y ,!l° same as circular, June 1,1853.
Sec. S3, General instructions, page 4.
be appointed to diplomatic or consular positions,
or employed as clerks, or have access to the evi-
dences of our foreign ofHces.
7. Consuls at all the principal ports are prohib-
i:ed from transacting any business, either in their
own name, or through the agency of other per^bns.
8. It substitutes fixed salaries for fees to con-
sular and commercial agents; abolishes fees for
passports, and all commissions upon money ad-
vanced as wages, or for the relief of seamen in
distress; changes, in many particulars, and reduces
the tariff of fees and commissions for other con-
sular acts; defines, with more precision, the duties
of consuls in the settlement of the estates of per-
sons dying abroad; abolishes all sub-agents and
vice consuls, and provides for the accounting for
all fees and commissions to the Government to
be used as a general fund to assist in paying
consular salaries.
1. The bill abolishes the title of charge d'affaires,
and raises all our diplomatic agents to the rank of
ministers plenipotentiaries.
The Congress of European Powers that met
at Vienna on the settlement of peace in Europe,
agreed upon a grade of diplomatic rank which,
when generally adopted, should prevent all em-
barrassments of etiquette in the conduct of future
negotiations. We were not a party to that Con-
gress, and have never modified our system to
correspond to the grades of diplomacy then estab-
lished. The consequence has been that, at many
of the European Courts, our Ministers have never
been admitted to the presence of the sovereign
except as a favor, and on public and State occa-
sions, and in the transaction of business, and in
the paying and receiving of visits—the represent-
atives of the smaller courts of Europe have had
precedence over them.
The grades, as established by the Congress of
Vienna and amended by that of Aix-la-Chapelle,
and at present recognized by European nations,
are:
1. Embassador.
2. Envoys, Ministers, or others accredited to
sovereigns.
3. Minister resident.
4. Charges d'affaires, accredited to the minister
of foreign affairs.
Embassador, in diplomatic language., is the
representative of the person of a sovereign, and in
this differs from a mere minister, who represents
the nation. The bill raises all our missions to the
grade of envoys extraordinary and ministers plen-
ipotentiaries. This change involves no sacrifice
of principles, nor additional expenditure. Rep-
resentatives, with but one exception, below this
grade, are considered as accredited to the minister
of the foreign department, and not to the sovereign
of the State. It is a distinction that, in point of
fact, is recognized in the reception of ministers
from foreign States, by our own Government and
there is no reason why the embarrassment under
which the present system places our own minis-
ters abroad should not be removed.
Foreign ministers exist, and their rights, duties,
and powers, are determined by general assent
and the laws of nations. They are the necessary
agents of communication between Governments.
They represent the disposition and interests of
our Government to the ruling power of other Gov-
ernments. Under instructions, they negotiate treat-
ies of commerce, give information about our laws,
and in every way are expected by the cultivation
of friendly relations and good understanding to
exert themselves to preserve peace. Under such
circumstances they should be free from all unne-
cessarjr embarrassment. If engaged in important
negotiations, the good will of the ruler will greatly
facilitate thero, and this is best secured by per-
sonal intercourse. Under the bill, if adopted, this
advantage will be secured, and our diplomatic
grades at the same time simplified to the nature of
our institutions. A law passed last year enabled
all our representatives of the grade of charge, to
be accredited as ministers resident. This bill, by
establishing but one rank for all, that of ministers
plenipotentiary, will cause that, wherever we send
a representative, he shall be recognized as theequal
of the representative of any other country, and
that, under no possible circumstance, can his rank
be made an obstacle to his influence.
2. Secretaries of legation are provided for each
mission.
The business transacted at some of our lega-
tions makes absolutely necessary an assistant of
the minister. The increased travel of Americans
abroad has made the giving and receiving of pass-
ports alone almost occupation for one mart. The
inquiry into the right to issue, in particular in-
stances, these badges of citizenship; the examina-
tion of cases of wrong to American citizens, and
the obtaining of redress; the preparation of inform-
ation as to our local law and the customs of our
ports, &c., &c., in reply to inquiries from the for-
eign Government,and various calls upon his atten-
tion, besides the preparation of weekly dispatches,
require more time and labor than it is always at
the disposal of the minister, called to act in a
private matter, frequently at the very moment when
engaged in perfecting some important treaty or
negotiation under the .law of nations. Through
the want of secretaries of legations in 1830, there
was scarcely an American legation abroad with a
complete record of its negotiations, and our repre-
sentatives were obliged to send home to the State
Department for information, as to what their pre-
decessors had done in particular matters, or rely
upon information from the Governments with
which they were in communication.
Nearly all the great Powers of Europe <jwn
hotels or residences for their representatives irMRfe
capitals of the countries to which they are accred-
ited , and have attached to each legation one or
more secretaries, whose especial business it is to
guard its archives. England and Prance have
several of these attaches to nearly all their mis-
sions. It is not proposed that the United States
purchase residences for their ministers abroad, nor
is it deemed advisable by the committee, but it is
deemed highly important that there be a secretary
to each legation. Prom the want of such hereto-
fore, it has happened, in some instances, that
papers of great value, belonging to the United
States Government, have fallen into the hands of
foreigners, and thus passed into the possession of
the Government with which we were negotiating,
-"causing serious embarrassment. "VVe have already
secretaries of legation to several of our missions.
The bill proposes one with a small salary at each.
The bill abolishes all outfits and infits, and pro-
vides, instead, salaries proportioned to the expense
and dignitary- of the several missions. A pro-
vision for outfit and infit was originally made
in imitation of the display that characterized the
diplomacy of Europe. Court etiquette and State
ceremony formerly occupied a great portion of the
diplomatist's time. Cabinet secrets were confined
to the few, and the giving of presents, and costly
• display in dress and living, were recognized as
legitimate and practical modes of influence. At
the foundation of our Government, therefore, these
appendages may have been wisely provided for as
adding to the dignity and influence of our foreign
ministers. The means of travel were then more
tedious and expensive. From Washington to
London, by the best and most expeditious means
of conveyance, costs now not more than $170; to
Paris, #200; to Berlin, $250; to Vienna, $300;
and less than this to most of the other European
capitals. There did not then exist at the different
Courts of Europe the eame facilities for elegance
and comfort in a temporary residence, and embas-
sadors from one country to another were obliged
either to carry these with them, or (o incur great
expense in their purchase. Outfits and infits for
foreign ministers-were, for this reason, furnished
by all the Governments of Europe. Within the
last sixty-five years, however, great changes have
taken place in these respects in all the European
States.
In illustration of the feeling of the day, I would
recall to the recollection of the House the great
embarrassment experienced by Congress in 1778,
on the reception of M. Gerard, the first French
minister. The subject was referred to a commit-
tee, composed of Richard Henry Lee, Samuel
Adams, and Gouverneur Morris, whose report
on thesubject, turningon mere points of etiquette,
was discussed for five days. In the end he was
received with a degree of formality that cannot be
read without a smile. But a short time before
that, Silas Dean, our minister at Paris, wrote
home from France to Congress, for some of the
natural products of the country, to be given, by
way of influence, as presents to the Q,ueen. He
said in his letter:
11 The Q.ucen is fond of parade; she loves riding on
horseback. Could you send me a fino Narragansett horse
