1855.
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247.
or two, the money would be well laid out. A few bar-
rels of apples, walnuts, erauberrieti, butternuts, &c., would
be great curiosities."
During General Washington's administration,
presents of form were given to foreign ministers;
generally a chain and medal pf gold; and there yet
exists a letter of Jefferson's, dated New York,
April 30,1790, written to Paris, directing the man-
ner in which the medal was to be cast; He
inscribed it with "Peace and Commerce" on one
side, and the date of the Republic on the other.
We are accustomed to speak of the simplicity of
those early days; but as late as 1816, there, were
in the State Department plates showing the pattern
of dress, and amount of gold embroidery and lace
" to be worn by our ministers. Diplomacy, and
the spirit of the age, has now outgrown all this,
and a foreign minister is not now so much the
court congratulator, as the business agent of his
Government, and it is more his exact knowledge
of the progress and development of the trade and
material interest of his country, and the history
of its law, and legislation, aa affecting other coun-
tries, and indicating the spirit and tendency of
public opinion at home, that gives him influence,
than the costliness of hia living or the degree of
luster he can contribute to tke brilliancy of court
displays.
The provision, therefore, for outfits and infits,
does not now accord either with the changed spirit
of diplomacy or the principles upon which our
other public servants are compensated. No longer
necessary for its original purpose, it serves only
to make unequal the salaries of our ministers, and
in a degree to demoralize the whole diplomatic
system—it pays for services before they are per-
formed. A minister plenipotentiary, under our
present system, appointed to represent us abroad,
if he remains at his post but a single day, is stilt
entitled to his outfit of §9,000. In practice, it has
been that a person who is thus appointed, remains
two years, draws an outfit of $9,000, a salary for
two years of $18,000, at)d an infit of $2,250,
making, in all, near §30,000 for two years—equal
to a salary of about $15,000 a year, and then
returns home to be succeeded by another, who
pursues the same course. Where there is an
exception to this, and one is suffered to remain
abroad irrespective of party changes at home,
from his superior fitness to represent (he country,
deprived of the advantage of this outfit—recurring
every few years—he struggles on with an inade-
quate salary, and in the end returns in embar-
rassed .circumstances.
Mr. SKELTON. Let me ask the gentleman a
question. Will he point to that ^portion of the
bill which abolishes outfits ?
Mr. PERKINS. I thank the gentleman for
putting the inquiry. In the opinion of the com-
mittee, the estaoliahmentof the regular salaries in
the bill abolished outfits. They now exist at the
discretion of the President. It is a ringular cir-
cumstance that the first appropriation for foreign
services, (|40,000,) was placed at the disposal of
General Washington, without any limitation ex-
cept that outfits and salaries were" not to exceed
$9,000. It was at his discretion whether they
should or should not exist. The committee, how-
ever, anticipating such an objection as the gentle-
man has made, have introduced a section in these
words:
" Jlnit le if further enacted, That tlie acts, or pari*; of acts,
authorizing the payment of ministers, consuls of !hn din-
ted States, salaries, outfits ao<l infits, clerk lure, and oflioe
rent, be, and tile same is hereby,abolished."
Mr. SKELTON. That is not in the printed bill.
Mr. PERKINS. It is in the copy which is in
the clerk's possession.
The effect of the allowance of outfit, when no
longer required, has been to p'rejudice the popular
mind against our ministers abroad, in the idea,
that they are favored pensioners of a party exec-
utive. _ And, in point of fact, we may admit on 1
both sides of the House, that these appointments
have been too often conferred simply as the reward
of partisan service; and that this fact, with the
defects in the existing system, have contributed
to make, what should be the distinct expression
of national interest, the expression of executive
favor.
Prom 1840 to 1853, in twelve years, the diplo-
matic expenses of Government were $3,65G,202.
Of this amount one sixth was expended in out-
fits. In one Administration, a single individual
drew, and he drew it rightfully, tinder existing
rules, #22 ,000 of outfits alone. The committee
have thought that this was an evil which should
be remedied, and it is accordingly abolished by the
bill. Salaries, liberal, but not extravagant, are
provided for all our ministers. The amount for
each has been made to correspond, as nearly as
possible, to the importance and necessary expense
of getting to, and residing at, the missions. Our
diplomatic establishment,' if remodeled as pro-
posed, will cost less than has been its average cost
for the last ten years. It will be economy; for it
will be a saving to the Treasury in defining the
duties of our ministers, and preventing their out-
lay reaching anything like the amount possible in
the frequent resignation and recall of ministers
under our present system.
The bill further provides that the salary of rep-
resentatives abroad shall not begin until after their
arrival and actual entry upon the duties of their
post, and that they shall cease so soon as they are
relieved from those duties by a successor. It has
been the custom heretofore for salaries to begin
the day the commission has been received. By
this means a minister appointed abroad, and not
starting immediately on the receipt of his com-
mission, or if starting, who has delayed on his
way, has been in the habit of drawing salary up
to the time of his relieving his successor. Thus,
in addition to the evil of outfits, has been added
that of the overlapping of salaries, by which two
persons have received pay at the same time for
thesame service. For the actual minister abroad,
who has been recalled, or has resigned, continues
of right to discharge the duties of the office, and
although the Government may decline to enter
upon negotiations with him, as his successor has
been appointed, still he draws salary, and is really
minister until the arrival of his successor. It has
been computed that, on an average, the ministers
appointed from this country abroad, do not reach
their post until near three "months after the date
of their commission. If he is at Washington he
visits his home, makes his preparation, and then
returns to Washington for instructions before
starting on his mission. By the bill this double
payment of services not rendered, is prevented.
The salary of the new minister is to begin only
when lie enters upon the duties of his office, and
the salary of his predecessor ceases.
It is further provided that no minister shall be
absent from the country to which he is accredite i
for more than ten days at a time without the per-
mission of the President, and that if absent longer
than that period, even by permission, that his
salary shall cease during such absence. The im-
portance of this provision will impress itself upon
every one familiar with the past or recent history
of our missions abroad. By making their salary
dependent upon their actual residence in the coun-
try to which they are sent, the bill puts it out of
the power of the President to confer what is some-
times called a roving commission, with nominal
appointment .to a particular point, but with the
general privilege of traveling over Europe, at the
expense of the Government. Under it, it is to
be hoped, we will hear no more of United States
ministers to Russia spending their winter in Italy,
nor will there be distrust abroad and disquiet at
home, occasioned from our ministers collecting at
Paris from all the European capitals. The pres-
ence of the minister is insured at the point where
he hasMnties to discharge. It is considered that
these duties require his presence in the country
to which he is accredited, and that he may legiti-
mately extend his travels to the entire extent of
that country. When he goes beyond its limits
for more than ten days, it is presumed that he is
without the line of official duty, and his salary
ceases until his return.
The bill further provides for the location of the
office of legation at a central and convenient
place in the capital of the country, and that it
shall be kept open daily during business hours,
except on Sundays and holidays. It guards
again?t abuse, by denying to consuls and com-
mercial agents in capitals where the legation of
the United States exists, the right to grant or
verify passports, except ia the absence of our
diplomatic representatives, and takes from either
the right to exact a fee for this service. I
It further provides that no one who is not a
citizen of the United States, and resident therein,
or who shall be employed abroad in the service of I
the Government, at the time of his appointment,
shall be eligible as representative abroad. By this
means it seeks to make our representative national,
both in character a d sentiment.
It is unnecessary to enlaTge upon any of these
features of the bill. They commend themselves
to adoption, on statement, and correct defects
in our present diplomatic systetfi, universally
acknowledged. I doubt if there is any one present
who does not acquiesce in their importance. I
now come, Mr. Speaker, to the consular part of
the bill.
Mr. ORR, (interrupting.) Before the gentle-
man leaves the point he is now on, I desire to ask
him what will be the comparative expenses of the
new system with that of the old, or existing sys-
tem ? ,
Mr. PERKINS. I thank the gentleman from
South Carolina for a question which I expected
to hear from some fnember of the Committee on
Finance. I intended, before I had concluded my
remarks, to have given the financial aspect of the
bill; but, as the gentleman has called my attention
to it, I will give it now.
Mr. ORR. HI do not wish to interfere with the
gentleman's course of remark.
Mr. PERKINS. In the year 1850, the entire
expense to this country for its foreign diplomatic
service was $397,314. The salaries proposed to
be given by this bill will amount to only $322,000;
making a saving of $75,314. The bill will accom-
plish this by a curtailment of the abuses of which
j 1 have spoken. .1 have here an estimate, with cal-
culations attached, which I could read to the House,
but I doubt whether it would at all simplify my
explanation; I announce only the result.
Mr. SKELTON. I rise to ask a question of
the honorable gentleman from Louisiana. This
expenditure which he has stated to the House
includes, I presume, other expenditures .besides
the regular salaries and outfits. Does it not?
Mr. PERKINS. I do not understand distinctly
the question of the gentleman.
Mr. SKELTON. You have stated the expenses
of our foreign diplomacy. I want to know if that
does not embrace other expenditures besides sala-
ries and outfits ?
Mr. PERKINS. I am thankful to the gentle-
man from New Jersey for bringing to my mind a
single estimate in this expense, which will illus-
trate to the Mouse the necessity of the reform. I
stated, in answer to his first question, that at the
foundation of the Government, the only appro-
priation for foreign service was $40,000. Yet, for
the want of thedefinite rules provided by this bill,
everything being left to the discretion of the Ex-
ecutive, whatever the emergency of one moment
has called for or justified under one Administra-
tion, has been a sufficient justification for the
sarne outlay under the next; and thus, from time
to time, from the first simple expenditure, every-
thing is now indefinite, and the Secretary Of State
may justify almost any expenditure. Thus we
have a §>40,000 contingent fund for foreign mis-
sions, $40,000 contingent fund for foreign inter-
course, and I do not know how many other esti-
mates that I mi ht enumerate in the same way.
jj This bill excludes, and makes unnecessary, the
j estimate for foreign missions; thus cutting off, in
I one item, §40,000. It is in this way made the
saving of the $75,000, to which I called the atten-
tion of the House.
I now proceed with the consular portion of the
bill. It has been asked, why attach to a diplo-
matic bill a consular reform. The reasons, sir,
were obvious to theCommitteeon Foreign Affairs.
The evils of both systems are alike. At present
there is no rule ef this Government in reference to
the charges of either consular or diplomatic agents,
nor has it been possible to say when those charges
are within rules and precedents. One Secretary
of State justifies one, and another another. Aa
an illustration, I may, perhaps, be allowed to*state
my own experience as a new member of this
House. When I had something to report from
my committee, I found no law to govern me.
The experience of the chairman of the committee
led me to the proper source—a source I certainly
should never have thought of going to to guide
me, and one which I cannot mention without
being unparliamentary, and yet it was the only
source from which I could receive the informa-
tion which has enabled this House to act upon an
important measure.
