252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
in the spring of 1854 pursue his observations into
the Polar sea, and return in the fall of 1854.
That was his plan. Now, he has failed to carry
it out; and the inference which must be drawn I<y
those who ere familiar with that region of the
world, n based upon the fact that Smith's sound
has been entirely frozen across. He muslliave
sought a harbor in the Px.br seas, near Smith's
sound, for his vessel, and there passed the winter.
This has been the coldest winter in the Polar seas
which lias been known for seventeen years. Thus
say all the whalemen in that region, and thus
* says, also, Dr. Rae, who has recently been on the
track of Sir John Franklin. It is, therefore, im-
possible for Dr. Kane to return according to the
plan laid down; but he has left certain instructions
as to how to follow him. He was provisioned for
two years,and with economy,and with the game
that that region affords, he may make his pro-
visions last two years and a half. This removes
immediate anxiety for his safety; but unless
search be made now, it will have to be delayed
an >ther year, probably to the destruction of the
whole party.
The Senator from Virginia sug^estg that we
may engage in a series of expeditions, and against
the dictates of humanity. Why, we have the
fact before u«  that Captain Englefieid who was
dispatched in 1850, in search of Sir John Franklin,
and went to Smith's sound, returned to Lancaster
sound, examined Wellington straits, and had a
steamer and tender precisely as this proposition
contemplates, was gone altogether four or five
months m thesummer. In reportingthis resolution,
the committee understood that the examination
of Smith's sound could be made in about four
months, with the specific instructions which Dr.
Kane left behind him. The exploring party will
probably find on the outer ed'*e of the ice, at
Smith's sound, the Union flag, with the Union
down, as a token of distress, and a watch for
succor. There will be no risk to the following
paity, who may ko m the expedition, if they fol-
low the clue definitely given, and if Dr. Kane is
not found there, the expedition will, probably,
immediately return. But evei y information which
we h«ve of the expedition leads us to believe that
Dr. Kane's vessel is certainly frozen in in Smith's
Sound.
Mr. HUNTER. I am glad that my objection
has elicited this statement of facts. { was not
aware, before, of the fact that Dr. Kane will have
left signals, probably monuments, by which his
track may be discoveied. I therefore make no
fur-'her objection to the resolution.
Mr. BiVDGBR. I deahe to st\y that I was in
the same position with myfiiend from Virginia.
I, hkc he, was ent'uely ignorant of the caieful
forethought with which this gentleman made his
arrangements. This will not be sending forth an
expedition to wonder over the seas without any
certain guide as to the course they are to pursue;
and, u'3 1 understand a large portion of the Navy
are willing to volunteer to go in search of this gen-
erous hearted, noble young man, i cert iinly have
no objection to the passage of the resolution.
The j ">ini resolution was reported tu the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The resolution was ordered to be engrossed
fora third reading, and was read a third time, and
passed.
COMMITTEE CLERK.
On motion by Mr. DOUULtVS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Territories be author-
ized to employ a clcrk.
MESSAGE FROM" THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. "Wi^Bhrnii, his Piivate
Secretary, announcing that he had approved and
signed bills of the Senate of the following titles:
A bill for the relief of the heirs and representa-
tives of Uii&h Prewitt^ deceased;
A biil for tlie relief of the legal representatives
of James Erwin, of Aikansas, and others;
A bdi for the relief of Thomas Butler;
A bnl tor the relief of the representatives of |
Thomas* D. Anderson, deceased, late consul of the :
Urn.eJ atTiir-oli; j
A bil! t"t' the relief of William Duer; j
A bill r.uihor'zm:? the I?^al representatives of ]
Antoine V«rqiuz, llypohte Vayqncz, Joseph Vas- j
quez, and John CoUig&n, to enter certain lands in i
Missouri; I
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of William Weeks;
A bill for the relief of Francois Cousin;
A bill for the relief of Thomas B. Parsons;
A bill for the relief of Mrs. A nn W. Angus;
A bill for the relief of Purser Francis B. Stock-
! ton;
| A hill for the relief of C. E. Greneaux; and
; A bill for the relief of Susan Coody and others.
JUDICIAL AND CONGRESSIONAL COMPEMSA- j
TION. * |
Mr. BADGER. I now ask for the special '
order—the bill to increase the compensation of the |
Judges of the Supreme Court and of the members i
of both Houses of Congress. I
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior i
orders, for the purpose of taking up the mail steamer j
appropriation bill, and with the leave of the Senate '
I will make a short statement to show the neces- j
sity of acting upon it at once. It is a bill which i
should have been passed at the last session for the j
service of the present fiscal year. It is necessary !
that we should act'upon it at once, because the j
fund out of which the parties have been paid has i
been exhausted. It is absolutely necessary, if we j
mean to keep the public faith, that we should do 1
something with the bill, and that speedily. I think ;
it will not take long. 1 hope it will be the pleasure j
of the Senate to postpone the prior orders to take j
it up. j
Mr. BADGER. It is almost impossible for me \
to resist what the Senator from Virginia asks, he
speaks in such a persuasive manner and gives
such strong reasons; but 1 will say to him that my
impression is we can dispose of my biil this morn-
ing; but if any difficulties arise on that subject, I
shall cheerfully agree to its being postponed until
half past twelve o'clock to-morrow. Now, will
that answer his purpose?
Mr. HUNTER. 1 am willing to postpone it
until half past twelve o'clock to-morrow, and I
hope now to get up the appropriation bill. We
can dispose of it to-day.
Mr. BADGER. I cannot resist the Senator.
I move that the special order be postponed until
half past twelve o'clock to-morrow. That will
answer his purpose.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I move to postponethe
prior orders to take up the mail steamer appropri-
ation bill.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the judiciary bill will
be taken up and completed to-day.
Mr. BADGER. We cannot do th?ifc.
Mr. HUNTER. We cannot complete that to-
day, but we can complete the appropriation bill,
and there is a pressing necessity for it to be acted
upon.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not like to insist upon
any ri<rht which 1 may have, if it interferes with j
what 1 suppose the Senator from Virginia regards |
as his duty in relation to these bills for the carrying j
on of the operations of the Government; but if I
the judiciary bdi is to be postponed from day to J
day, because we can finish one bill to-day and
another to-morrow, I may give it up. 1 have
been two years working at it.
Mr. HUNTER. My friend from South Caro-
lina did not hear the reasons which I gave why j
the Senate ought to act on the appropriation bill '
to-day. It is a bill of last session which has been
laid over until now. It is necessary to act upon
it, because the balance of the appropnation out of
which the mail steamer service has been paid for '!
is exhausted, and it is time we should dispose of
this in one way or another. There ought to be
j money provided to meet the contracts.
| Mr. BUTLER. 1 have no doubt the Senator
> will get his bill up. People who want money gen-
erally have the preference.
Mr. CADGER. I desire to be informed what
has become of my bill?
The PRE61DENI'. The question is on the
motion of the Senator to postpone it, as the special
order, until half past twelve o'clock to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
MAIL STEAMERS.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
the ?no!ioj3 of ihe Senator from Virginia.
Sir BAYARD. That motion, ! understand (o '
be to postpone the special orders of to-day, to {
take up the mail steamer appropriation bill. I i
trust that course will not be taken. The bill to j
reorganize the judiciary is certainly of as much, I
and more importance to this country than the bill
to which the honorable Senator alludes. Cut, I
think, there is another reason for not ukmsj up
that bill. It containssomething more than a mere
appropriation. It is something more than a gen-
eral appropriation bill; and I question much the
policy of continuing, at the second s.ession, a
general appropriation bill, on which tb« two
Houses have not agreed; and more especially
when we have good reason to know that the
same measure, under the same circumstanccs, is
again before the House of Representatives.
I will say to the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, that we have differed in reference to a part
of the provisions of the bill—the part on winch
the two Houses differed I have no desire to
occupy the time of the Senate; but if this ques-
tion must be taken up now, when theie 13 an
exactly similar bill pending before the House,
which gives them an opportunity to revise their
opinion, I shall debate it. If, on the eontraiy,
the Senator is willing to let the result of the pio-
vision as to the notice for the purpose of lessening
the compensation of the Collins line abide by
the express will of the House on the bili'now
before them—a billof a similar character—1 shall
be willin? to take the vote without saying any-
thing. Therefore, I think it will'occupy less time,
if the honorable Senator does not press his bill
now. It will be doing morejustice by letting the
matter lie over for the revision of the House. If
they should pass the bill which they have before
! tl'em, with the provision which the honoiable
1 Senator desires should be acceded to on the part
, of the Senate, the vote may be taken here without
, any discussion as far as I am concerned.
Mr. HUNTER. I apprehend the Senator from
Delaware is mistaken. The bill which is pending
in the House relates to the next fiscal year, and
not to the present; and I have been urged by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
to have some disposition made of this bill, so as
to enable the House to know how to act on the
subject. If it be the pleasure of the Senate to
have it passed, let us dispose of it. If they think,
with the honorable Senator from Delaware, that
there is no necessity for it, let it be killed; but let
us decide on it in some shape, in order to let the
House know that they are to meet the wants of
the "service.
Mr. BAYARD. I think there is some mistake
in reference to the matter. I do not see what
there is to embarrass the House in reference to our
action or non-action on this bill. The money, I
understand, has been paid out of previous appro-
priations. If it is necessary to make the appro-
priation, it can easily be embodied in the bill
which is before the House, as it was not agrepd
to at the last session. I cannot see that there is
any reason for pressing this measure now, except
that there may be some fears that the House will
not adhere to their action in reference to the legis-
lative provision which is embodied in the bill, and
which they acceded to at the last session. I must
discuss that question if the bill is taken up now.
I shall waive it if it is not now taken up.
Mr. Hunter's motion was agreed to—ayes 21,
noes IG.
The PRESIDENT. The previous action of
the two Houses upon the bill, will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
In Sfnate of tiie United Statbs, August 3,1854.
Rp^olved, That the bill from the House of Represent-
atives, entitled " an act linking appropriations forth0 tran^-
portai ion of tlie United States maih bv ot.ean strain.-r-, and
otherwise, during the fi«cnl year, ending the 3Uih of June,
185,)," pas-swith an amendment to wit
Page one, line eleven, after the woid " dollars," strike
out:
" And that the Secretary of the tfavv is herebv directed,
immediately after the day of December, 1&34, to su-e
the nottoo provided in the Hist section of the net entitled
'An act to supply deficiencies- m tiio appropriations lor
the service of the fiscal vear enrimsr 30th of June, 165-2,' ap-
proved the day of July, 185*3, to terminate the airanjje-
meiii fur the additional allowance for the transposition of
the Untied S.atesmnil between Xev York and Liverpool,
ill the Collins line of steamers, as therein provided.
IN hie ITocse OF REI*RESENTATIVis,S, Jlugu^t 4,
Rcsoli e Tli.it this Uou-'c disagree to th* amend:..ent of
the Senate !o the l S! of the Hons - ninkinu npmop lanoen
mi the trail;-puliation of the Uni'ed ^tatei* mail m- ocian
f-teamer* or otljenvisie, dining the fiscal year ehdum the
.'JOth or June, it-55.
In Hiaatf. of run United States, 4. 1851.
Raoked, That the Senate insist upon their amendment,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives, to the biil
