1855,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
No. 96, and ask a conference on the disagreeing votes upon
said amendment; and
Orrfererf, That Mr. Stuart, Mr. James, and Mr.
Toombs be the committee oi conference on the part of the
Senate.
^ In the House of Representatives, .tfvgust 4,1854.
Re.oiveJ, That the House insist on their disagreement to
the Senate's amendment to the hill No. 96; agree to the
conference on said disagreeing votes; and that Mr. Hous-
ton, Morgan, and Mr. Powell be managers of said
conference ou the part of the House.
In the Senate of the United States, Jivgust 4,1854.
Mr. Stuart reported that the committee could not agree.
Mr. Pratt moved that the Senate recede Irotri their
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
in the chair.) The question is-on receding from
the amendment.
Mr. RUSK. I ask for the reading: of the whole
bill.
The bill was read. The third section is as
follow??:
Sec. 3. %And be it further enacfed, That the airangements
now sub^nng lor the transportation of the mails Jroni Now
York to Liverpool; from New York, vin Southampton, to
Bremen; from New VorkutaCovves,to Havre, and back ;
from New York to New Orleans Charleston, Savannah,
Havana, and Obagres, and back; from Panama to California
and Orego ., and back; and from Charleston to Havana,
and bat k; be terminated as soon as, m the opinion of the
Postmaster General, it can be done, consistently with the
public interest; and that the Postmaster General shall give
notice of such termination accordingly: Pronrfed. That, m
the opinion of the. Postmast-r General, with the concurrence
of the Secretary of the Navy and the Attorney General of
the United State*, the same may be done ,i lthout a viola ,
tion of any contract now lawfully binding upon the United
States; and that the transportation of the mail* on those
lines be let to the lowest re>ponsible bidders, after {^public
advertisement.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the transactions of the last session in
regard to the bill. It passed the House, and was
sent here with a certain provision m it, which the
Secretary has read.
Mr BU.TLER. That provision was to give the
notice to the Collins line.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That provision
was to give the notice. The Senate passed the
bill, with an amendment to strike out that pro-
vision, The House of Representatives disagreed
to the amendment. The Senate insisted upon it.
A conference was held between the two Houses,
but without coming to any agreement on the ques-
tion pending between them. A motion was made
by the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pratt,] that
the Senate recede from their amendment; and the
question now befoie the Senate is on that motion.
The provision, winch the Senate struck out, is in
the following words:
And that the Secretary of the Navy is herebj' diiected,
immediately afterthe 31st day of December, 18.") J, to give
the noucc provided in the first section of (he act entitled
" An act to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending the 30fh of June, 18.>2,"
approved the 31-1 of July, 1852, to terminate the arrange
inert for the additional allowance for the transportation of
the United States mail between New York and Liverpool,
in the Collins line of steamers, as therein provided.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Has the third section been
agreed to ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The only ques-
tion between the two Houses is upon leaving the
provision, in regard to the notice, in the bill as it
came from the House, or striking it out, which is
the amendment of the Senate. If the Senate re-
cede, that provision will stand a3 a- part of the
bill, and the bill will be passed with the provision
in it.
Mr- BRODHEAD. That amendment is not
so objectionable as the third section.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the Senate paid attention to
the reading of the third section of the bill, which,
as the Senator from Pennsylvania has justly said,
is the most objectionable feature in it. We have a
number of ocean mail steamer contracts, and that
section authorizes three officers of the Government
to set aside those contracts, with the saving clause
" if it can be done legally and properly." Now,
it is very well known that some of the companies
who are transporting the mail are anxious to sell
to the Government a portion of their ships which
are not precisely suited to their purposes, and sup-
ply their places with others. It. is a part of the
terms of the original contracts that they may, at
anv time, be terminated by the Government after
running for a certain period—ten years, I believe
—-by taking the ships off the hands of the contract-
ors at a valuation. The third section, which, by
the way, ha.s been agreed to by both Houses, de-
volves a responsibility upon three officers of the
Government which I am unwilling to devolve upon
them It puts a power into their hands which 1
am very unwilling to vest in them, in reference to
this measure, it is a very important one. Suppose
they come to the conclusion that they can setaside
these contracts—and do set them aside—tluy are
to be authorized to go on and make new contracts
without any control by Congress. If they set one
aside, according to one of the terms of the con-
tract, they may agree to another. It is a very
large discretion to entrust to the Postmaster Gen-
eral, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Attorney
General.
But, sir, suppose they terminate the contract,
and'take the vessels, is Congress prepared to sanc-
tion that? Is mere a necessity for it? Suppose,
on the contrary, they say the contracts have not
been complied with, and that they can set them
aside, and enter into new contracts, what is the
result? All these companies will petition Congress
for remuneration; and we do not know what kind
of new contracts we should get. Some gentlemen
think these are bad contracts; but we may get
worse ones under the provision of this third sec-
tion.
The bill, however, is in the condition that neither
branch of Congress can now reach that third sec-
tion to modify it m any way. The House put
into the bill a provision to give notice of the teim-
iri&tion of the extra compensation allowed to the
Collins line of steamers. That provision the
Senate struck out, The House disagieed to that
arm-ndment, and the result was a committee of
conference. The committee reported that they
could not agree; arid the last motion pending at
the adjournment of the Senate was to tecede from
the amendment. Now, if the Senate recedes, the
third section will be the law of the land. 'Ihen
you have to look to the consequences which will
result to the- service and the country frotn its
adoption. If the Senate refuses to recede, a com
mittee of conference between the two Houses will
be the result, and that committee will have nothing
before them but the question of notice^ They
could not touch the third section. They would
only have to take into consideration the matter
of disagreement between the two Houses. They
could only reach the question of giving the notice
to the Collins line.
I do not pretend to make any motion upon that
subject; but it seems to me that "the bill is not
properly before the Senate now. It was one of the
annual appropriation bills of last session. It was
then defeated, to all intents and purposes, by not
being acted upon. There is one provision in it
which was to require certain things to be per-
formed after the 31st of December last; but it reads 1
the 31st of December next. However, I do not
intend to cavil about that. My impression is, that ;
the better course to pursue on the subject is to
defeat the bill entirely; and then the Committee of
Ways and Means in the House can send another
bill here, and these matters can be attended to
properly, with time for proper investigation, and
without hasty legislation upon so important a sub-
ject. In order, therefore, to dispose of thi3 bill,
so as to enable the House to go on with another
to supply its place, and in winch all these matters
can be reached—for they cannot be reached by
the Senate and House of Representatives througn
a committee of conference on this matter, I move,
as a test, question, the indefinite postponement of
the bill. I would move that it lie upon the table,
but. that would cut off debate.
Mr. MASON. When the law was passed in
1847, authorizing this contract, i was one of those
who werf* uttetly opposed to the general policy
and character of the engagement. But the law
passed; and the contract was made. Now what
is the contract? My attention has been called to
it since, because it is piobably known to many
Senators that the bill was brought unto us, in its
present shape, at the very heel of the last session,
when, I confess, for one, I knew nothing about
it, and when it was almost impracticable that I
could know anything about it. Now what is it?
The contract was made on the 16th of November,
1847, in pursuance of the law that was passed in
March 1847. It provides, at its closc:
" It is understood and agreed further by the parties afore-
said, that this contract shall continue in force for the term
often years, from tile first of October, 1848.
This wiil bring its termination to the first of
October, 1858; and until then, unless there be
something in the contract authorizing us to term-
inate it, the subject-is beyond our jurisdiction,
if the faith of the country is to be observed. It
is to extend to the first of October, 1858—
—" unless annulled by Congress ; and that Congress may,
at any period daring its cmuig >?sM"n, direct it to cease
upon such conditions of equity and fairness as it may thmk
it just towards the contractor to establish."
I suppose the fair construction of that would
be, that the power to annul it was reserved to
Congress, provided that power was exercised at
the first session after the contract was matte. But
it seems that the contractors, having some misap-
prehension that this clause of the contract might
admit of equivocal construction, addressed a letter,
contemporaneous wiih the contract, to the Secre-
tary of the i\avy, and asked him to modify its
terms in such a way as to make it explicit. On
the 20th of November, 1847, four days after the
date of the contract, Mr. Aspinwall, who, it
seems, was one of the contractors, addressed a
letter to the Secretary of the Navy, with whom
the contract was made under the law, and said to
him:
"On reading over the contract, one of my associates
considers that the words 'during the coming session,>
should be inserted aft* r the word Congress, where first used
in the last clause, in order to explain clearly the t-rue mean-
ing of the agreement. I have, therefore, requited Mr.
Ilarns to return to Washington, that he might, with you,
acknowledge the interlineation, and have the same attested
by two witnesses. I do not doubt that you will consent to
ttn  i xplanatory interlineation."
The Secretary of the Navy replied to him, on
the 221 of November, two days afterwards, thus:
Sir : In reply to your letter of 20th instant,"you are
informed thai the clause referred to, in the contract of Mr.
A Harris®, was intend d to reserve to Congress the power
of annulling al the cominq session. Its true interpretation
is, that,  f not exercised at the coming session, the contract
will continue for ten years. In my report to Congress, I
have stated su h to b-4 the term-* of the contract, and have
a?ked Congress to act definitely at this session on the sub-
ject, by annulling or app ovine for the term I« of course,
recommend their approval. There is an objection to alter-
ing the contract, alter the execution of the same and the
bond. This alteration is unnecessary, as the Department
unhej«iutni«ly declare*, in this form, that th * true intei pre-
tation of the contract, as it now stands, is that which the
proposed alteiation would give toit."
As far tis 1 have the capacity to construe a con-
tract, 1 should say the Secretary was right—that
the contract gave to Congress the power to annul
it, provid-d it was exercised at that coming ses-
sion. But the contractors, thinking a doubt might
arise, asked the Secretary to amend the contract
by putting in a clause to make its true meaning
clear. The Secretary said it was unnecessary, for
its true meaning was already clear—that if the
power'was not exercised at the coming session, it
was gone.
What is proposed by this bill? To delegate to
three Executive officers a power to determine
whether the Government can or cannot terminate _
the contract—a contract made by the authority of
Congress—and which, for one of those who are
called upon to decide, I am ciear, in my judgment,
you cannot terminate without violating it, and
subjecting the Government not Only toa charge of
breach of faith, but to damages The proposition
is to delegate to the officers of the Government a
powrr to do that which we ought not to do, if we
undertook to exercise the power ourselves. I have
said, and repeat, I was opposed to making these
contracts; but I am sure there is no Senator on
this fl.ior, I hope there is no citizen in the country,
who, when the contract was made, would author-
ize its violation, unless some fraud or impropriety
was alleged. If we were to violate the contract,
in thus terminating it, we should not only subject
ourselves to the imputation of bad faith, but the
Government also to the imperious necessity of
retributing the injured company in whatever
damagesit should suffer.
I understood the honorable Senator from Texas
to say that they might have the power to terminate
the contract by taking away the ships. I should
differ from him there altogether. The clause in
the contract relating to the taking of the" ships is
very brief, and I shall read it to the Senate. It
provides how the steamers shall be built, and then
declares:
"That ea'd steamers eball bp so constructed a«* to be
easily convertible into war steamers ; that the Navy Derart-
m"iit f-liall at all times exorcise control over them, and hall
at any tune have the right to take them for the exclusive
use and service of the United States, and to direct such
changes in their machinery and internal arrangements a
