256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
merely wish it understood that, m giving my vote
on the proposition to postpone, I mean to uphold
the honor of the country. I mean to stand by the
public faith, which is pledged to those who have ;
built vessels under their contract with the Govern- j
ment, and who have expended their money on the
supposition that the Government would act ill
good faith with them. If the Government has
made a bad bargain, let it take the consequences of
its indiscretion in entering into an unfortunate
obligation. 1 will not consent to relieve the Gov-
ernment from its obligations, merely because it
may have made a contract which has not resulted
so profitably as it anticipated.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I had not
intended to say a word on the question of indefi-
nite postponement; nor 13 it my purpose to say
much now, but the debate has taken such a turn
that it seems to me that I owe it to the committee,
and perhaps to the,other House, to show that
they did not act on the presumption that Congress
could set aside its contracts whenever it chose,
but acted upon an interpretation, (whether right
or wrong, yet an interpretation,) of the v/ords of
the contract itself, or, rather, the law under which
the contract was made.
I did not intend to say anything on the ques-
tion, because, practically, I believe that it is not
of much importance. 1 believe that if the power
was given, the Postmaster General would not
think it expedient to exercise it. I believe he
would not think that it was expedient for the
Government to buy these ships, although he is
of opinion, as he says in his report, that the
words of the law give us the power to terminate
the contract whenever we choose, on condition of
taking the ships. That is the opinion of a great
many. It was the opinion of the House of Rep-
resentatives. It seems to me there are two sides
to that question.
Now, sir, when it was provided that Congress
should, at any lime, take the ships upon valua-
tion, what was meant by it? Is it to be supposed '
that after they hud taken the ships they could have 1
enforced the contract on the contractors? Could
they take away from tliem the ships at valuation,
and then say, "Sirs, you must go on wall this
contract?" Not at all. That would be manifestly
unjust. Does not the rule operate the other way
als.i? Was it not, perhaps, the.intention of the
framera of this law, to enable Congress, if they
should become weary of the contract, to terminate
it on paying for the ships, which Congress sup-
posed, at the time they passed the law, would
amply compensate the contractors for all then- out-
lay. I merely say that there certainly is enough
on this side of the question to justify the suppo-
sition that those who voted for this provision did
not vote for it upon the belief that they could arbi-
trarily terminate a contract whenever they chose.
But I did not propose to discuss the ques tion, in-
asmuch as I did not suppose that, practicably,
much was involved in the passage of this bill, so
far at least as purchasing the vessels is concerned,
because I do not believe the Postmaster General
would think it politic to do that. I had rather
determined to say nothing on the subject of indefi-
nite postponement. The matter wliicii interests
me is the notice to the owners of the Collins line,
X think that notice ought to be given. If the Sen-
ate shall not postpone the bill, I may have some- ;
thing to say on that question; but, ill regard to this, ;
I hove said all that I shall say. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I shall vote for the
indefinite postponement of the bill, for thereasons
which have been stated by gentlemen on this floor, i
because I am not willing to do any act of in justice; :
but in order to put myself rightas to the meaning of
the vote which 1 shall give, 1 desire to say that I ;
should be willing to do whatever was compatible |
with honor, to serve the proposed notice on the
Collins line of steamers; and in giving this vote I
do not yield my position on that subject. If no '
other Senator will offer the prooosition at the
proper time I shall do it myself, to serve the notice ■
on the Collins hue. !
The motion for the indefinite postponement of
the bill was agreed to; and it was therefore l'fjected.
JUDICIAL Si'STEM.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill to modify
end amend the judicial system of the United States,
the pending question being on the substitute offered
by Mr. Douglas.
The PUESiDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
in the chair.) The last, time this bill was under
consideration, the Secretary had concluded the
reading of the eighth section of the amendment
which the Senator from Illinois proposes as a
substitute. The residue of that am'ndment will
now be read.
The Secretary proceeded, and concluded the
reading of the substitute.
Mr. STUART. I wish to offer an amendment
to the eighth section of the substitute. It will be
seen, by reference to it, that it applies to a con-
troversy-which involves the constitutionality of a
law, and provides that even such controversies
shall not be canied to the Supreme Court, unless
the matter in dispute be more than$2,000._ Now,
! sir, whenever that question arises, 1 desire that
i the limitation should only be the general limitation
| of the jurisdiction of the court; for I deem it im-
I portant that the constitutionality of a law should
be determined, m all cases, if the party desired^it,
by the Supreme Court of the United States. The !
words which 1 propose to strike out, are: "Ifthe
matter in dispute exceeds the sum or value of
$3,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EVAN'S. There is one word in the tenth
section of the substitute which 1 think had better
come out. In that section there is a provision,
"that the day of rendering the judgment or decree
j shall be deemed to have been the last day of the
j regular term." Now, it may be that the judgment
i might be rendered at an extra or special term. I
would, therefore, suggest the propriety of striking
; out the word "regular," so as to leave the pro-
i vision to apply as well to an extra, as to a regular
i term.
The (intendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. If no further
amendment be moved, the question will be on
ugreeins to the substitute pioposed by the Senator
from Illinois.
Mr. BO FLER. I undei stood that the Senator
from Missouri and the Senator from Illinois were
in consultation as to some amendments. I do not
like to interfere wilh the nntter until they have
offered those amendments. I wish to know
whether mv friend from Missouri has any to offer ?
Air. GEYliR.. Mr. President, having been
absent during the last week, i do not know that I
understand the exact position in which this bill
now is. I was informed by the honorable Senator
j, from Illinois, this morning, that a question would
j| be taken, which would determine whether the
li Senate would adopt generally the plan proposed
ji by him, to vest the jurisdiction of the circuit in the
ij district courts, and to establish an intermediate
II com t of appeals, and that, after that, his plan
i might be amended.
!i The PR ESI DING OFFICER. The Chair will
I stale to the Senator from Missouri, that tile Senate
' is now engaged, as in Committee of the Whole, in
perfecting'the proposed substitute offered by the
| Senator ironi Illinois. It has been read through,
II and 110 material amendment has been made in it.
1] The amendments which have been agreed to, are
verbal ones. It is now open to any fui ther amend-
jj ments which Senators may choose to oifer
!l Mr. GEYEll. I have a number of amendments
I; to offer. The first is to insert, immediately after
i! the first nfciion of the Senator's substitute, these
j two sections:
!: Set.— tulip it further enacted. That fhe Tern'tones
; of Minnesota, Nebraska, Kansas!, iYew Mexico, Utah,
; Oregon, and Wa^hmyton. shall each eonr-titute one judicial
i district, in which there s-ha'l be U< Id a di.-tiict court of the
United State?, to consist of one jud^'. who sdia!l he ap-
1 pointed by the President, by and with the advice and con-
} sent Qt the Senate, and shall hold his ofhee during good
1 behavior. lie shall rendu within the dr-tri-'t for which he,
: is appointed ; and then-m shall have and exerci>e the juns-
,1 dictum and poweis which are or may he vested in the dip-
trict courts and the judges thereof within their r^'i-peetive
: districts!. He "-hall reeei\o the same annual compensation
. I allowed by law to the chief ju-tiee of the Territory forming
;■ hi* district; and wh< n the ofiice of duel justice in any
•! Territory shall become vacant by the expiration of an
existing term, or otherwise, no appointment shall be miile
to nil such vacancy, hut the judge of the district c urt in
Mil h Tennory ^hall be, in viiiue of his office, chief justice
of the--upienie couinheieof, and ^h.ill pxirep-' the juiis-
dicuon and power*, and perform the dunes of that
except that lie s^hali not ho required to hold any court
interior to the supreme court, or pcifoim the duties ot a
[ judge thereof.
i Sec . —, Jind be it further enacted, That the several dis-
trict court®, and tlie judges thereof in vacation. 4ia!l have
power, and n shall be their duty, to appoint ct< rk? of their
respective court-?, and each of *-aid (h-rk-5 shall; oefere he
enteis upon the execution of his office, take an oath or
affirmation, and give bond, as required by law. Ue shall
reside and keep the records of his court at the place ap-
pointed for holding the court, and shall perforin the duties
and receive the compensation theretor prescribed by law ;
and every ehuk of a dts'nci court now in office who thai!
not be reappointed, shall, as soon ao his successor is
appointed and qualified, according to the piovKtons of this
section, deliver to him the seal, records, books, papeis,
and other documents appertaining to the office.
Mr. GEYER* Mr. President, the first of the
two sections which I have proposed, is designed
to obviate the principal objection which I men-
tioned the other day to the plan of the Senator
from Illinois. The substitute proposed by him,
arranges tie Territories into circuits, and provides
that the chief justice of the territorial supreme
court shall sit in the intermediate appellate court
which he proposes to organize. I thought that
that arrangement was unconstitutional; because,
inasmuch as this is to be a court organized as a
part of the judicial system of the United States9
under the Constitution, the judges must neces-
sarily have a tenure during good behavior. It
then provides that district judges shall be ap-
pointed for the Territories; and that, as soon as
the term of any one of the chief justices of the
Territories shall expire, or a vacancy shall other-
wise occur, that ofiice shall not be ^Ued; but the
! judge of the,district court shall become the pre-
j siding judge in that territorial court.
| The other section is designed to provide for the
| appointment of clerks. Pt rhaps it would be bet-
| ter to take the question separately on each prop-
; osition; but unless that is desired, both can be
: acted on together. If this system be adopted, it
j will be seen, at once, that the e'erks will have
1 much more business, and business of move im-
' portance, to transact, than they have now; and it
! may become expedient to appoint other clerks in
J these different courts. Besides, the clerks of the
I circuit courts will be removed by the operation of
i this substitute, unless some provision of this sort
! is made, which will give to the judge of the dis-
: trict court an opportunity to select between the
' two, where the offices of circuit and district court
' clerks are divided. This is the sole object of the
second section of my amendment.
; Mr. DGTJCLA.S. I have no objection to the
; amendment; I think it is right.
j The amendment was agreed to.
! "Mr. GEYER. I will now propose an amend-
ment, consisting of three sections, as a substitute
j for sections three, four, and five of the proposition
ij of the Senator from Illinois. My amendment
II proposes to organize this intermediate appellate
'>• court by a different name, and somewhat differ-
]i ently constituted. It also proposes to strike out
i that provision in the original amendment or sub-
stitute, which requires the Judges of the Supreme
! Court to be sent to the different circuits alternately,
I and providr.s for an allotment which may be
] changed from time to time, as the Supreme Court
; shall think proper.
j The sections of the substitute proposed to be
j strickcn out are as follows:
I See. 3. And be it further enacted. That there shall be
! held in each of yasd circuits, once every year, a com? of
j appeals, to be composed of one of the Justices of tiie Su-
j preme Court, and of all the district judges m the respective
| circuits, and also of the chief justice ot each Territory, in
; all ca<es where any Territory or Territories shall be m-
] (.hided within the circuit. A rnaioritv uf said justices and
, judges iu their /especttve circuits shail constitute a quorum
! lor hol;hr<pf said courts, m which the Justice of the Supreme
! Courtot ibe United States thai! pieside, and m case of his
! absence, the oldest di-triet jndae in comrm.-s.ion prct-ont
] shall preside: in the event there shall not be a quorum
1 present on the day appointed by law for the opening of the
; courr, the judge? present shail be authun/.ed to adjourn the
court from day to day until a quorum shall appear, and if
; th< re shall be no ^u-jrum wunln — days from the fu>t day
: of the term, they may adjourn tne court until die next
I regular tean, or until such day as they shall designate bv
an order upon the ieeo'd; and in either case ail ean-ts
shall be continued, end pleas and process stand over with-
out prejudice to patties.
See 4 Arulhe it fui tker caactal, Thatappeals and writs
of eiror shall lie from e.ich district court to the said court
of appeals of their re.-pective circuits, and also from the
supreme coutt of any Tcnhfuy to the ^aid cou^t «>f appeals,
in ail eaces where aTrrritory <hall be included wiibm Mich
circuit, in the sam" manner that appeals and writ? of *-nor
now he lioin the circuit courts to the Supreme Couaof the
{Tnitfd States; and the fai.l court of npptals shull !<a^c
power to hea'- and determine all writs of rr>or and appeitl's
ji lhat mav be pro.-ecuted fiom the district couits. in cik-es?
)j wiieie appeals and writs of error now he fiom the district
j, courts to the circuit courts, and ah-o in all eat-es where
J [ appeals and writs of erroi' now lie from the supreme courts
