THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
~THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY. JANUARY 16, 1855.
New Series....No. 17.
-of Territories to ihe Supreme Court of the United States;
and said appeals and wnts of error shall be brought up and
prosecuted in the said courtof appeals, in the same manner
and according to the same laws and legulations lhat now
govern the circuit and district courts of the United Slates;
and all appeals and writs of error now pending in the cir-
cuit couits shall be transferred to and prosecuted in the
said courts of appeal, without prejudice to the parties, and
in the same manner as if such appeals and writs of error
had b<*en taken subsequent to the period when this actshall
take effect. The said courts of appeal shall have the same
power and jurisdiction to hear and determine appeals and
writs of erior coming before them under the provisions of
this act that the Supreme Comt of ihe United States has to
decide cases within its jurisdiction; and the same writs,
process, modes of proceeding, and rules, that govern the
Supreme Court, so far as they may be applicable, shall be
in force and use in the said courts of appeal.
Ssc. 5. Jind be it Jtnther enacted, That it shall be the
dufv of the Supreme Court, on or before the first day of
January of each year, to assign to the scveral-ciicuits the
Justice of the Supreme Court who is to preside in the com t
of appeals m such circuit, and in the performance of this
duty it shah be so arranged, unless there are especial reasons
for making an exception to the general rule, that each of
the Justices of the Supreme Court shall, in turn, preside m
the court of appeals for each circuit m the order of the
number of the circuits, to the end that each of the Juices
of the Supreme Court shall preside in the court i.f appeals
lor each of the circuits once in nine years, and that, in no
event shah any of the said justices preside m the same
circuit two terms in succession.
The sections proposed to be inserted in lieu of
hem, are the following:
Sec.-— Jhid bp. U further enacted, "£hat there shall be
held m each circuit, once m everv year, a circuit court of
the United States, to be composed of a Justice of the Su-
preme Comt, who shall bo allotted to the circuit m the
manner hereinafter provided,and of the district judges in the
Circuit, a majority of whom shall constitute a quorum, for
holding courts m which the Justice of the Supreme Court
aligned to the circuit, or in his abscnee the district judge
piesent oldest m commission shall preside. And in case
there shall not be a quorum present at the commencement
of a term, the judges present may adjourn from day to day
not exceeding days; and if a quorum shall not appear
before the expuation of lhat time, those present may ad-
journ the court until the next regular term, or until such
day as they shall designate by an order entered of record ;
and, in either case all causes, records, and pioeeedmgs
pending in the said court shall be continued to the ncu
term s.i to be held without piejudice to parties.
Krc. — Jlnd be it Jurther enacted, That the Supremo
court phall, during the first term of said court to be held
after the passage of this act, allot to each circuit one of the
justices of said court to presidn in the circuit court withiu
such circuit; and in case no such allotment shall be made
by said comt during the term aforesaid, the President of
the United States may matte such allotment of the said
justice to the cucuitsa-j he shall deem proper; but in either
case it shall be lawful for the Supreme Court at any term
to make a new allotment, so that one justice be allotted to
each circuit.
Sec. — And be U further enacted, That the said circuit
courts shall have appellate jurisdiction from the several
district courts of the United States, and the supreme court
of any Territory within their respective circuit*, bv appeal
or wiit of error, m all civil cases where the matter in dis-
pute exceds the sum or value of {$100 exclusive ot eo^ts,
to be rxercised in the manner and under the regulations,
limitations, and restrictions provided by law in like ca^es
now within the appellate jurisdiction of the circuit courts.
And all causes now pending in the circuit court of any
district on appeal or w  it of error, shall be translVried with
the record and proceedings relating theieto, 10 the circuit
court lor the circuit embiacing such diNtuct, and shall be
therein heaid and determined in the same manner, as if
originally lemoved to such court by appeal or writ of error.
Mr. CUTLER. Mr. President, t wish to have
this bill disposed of with as much dispatch as is
practicable, provided it can be done by meeting
the true issues involved in the different proposi-
tions. I ask, therefore, whether it will be in order,
as a question of parliamentary precedence, to
move to strike out the third section of the substi-
tute of the Senator from Illinois, without affect-
ing the motion made by the honorable Senator
from Missouri, to insert other words ? I wish to
have an opportunity of moving to strike out that
section. His motion is to strike out and insert.
I ask the Chair whether my motion would be in
order to strike out that section, by way of testing
the question whether we are to have such an in-
termediate tribunal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Missouri, being first made,
must be first put. If he thinks proper to with-
draw it, the Senator from South Carolina can
then move the amendment which he has indicated.
Mr. GEYER. I presume the point can be
reached by dividing my motion. Let the question
first be taken on striking out.
17
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rules of
the Senate forbid thedivision of a motion to strike
out and insert.
Mr. GEYER. I have known cases where it
has been done.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Allow me to moke a sug-
gestion. We can best test the point which the
Senator from South Carolina wishes to get at by
a vote upon adopting the substitute for his bill,
with the understanding that, if adopted, it shall
be open to amendment, the same a3 if it had not
been voted on. If it be agreed to, I shall move,
or ask some other Senator to move, the reference
of the bill, with all the amendments, to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, so that the details may be
perfectedcarefuily in accordance with the principle
thus established. I would suggest, therefore, that
Senators now allow the vote to be taken upon the
substitute, merely to test the principle; and then,
if the substitute be adopted, we can refer the whole
subject to the Committee on the Judiciary in order
that the project may be perfected in all its parts,
in harmony with the principle established.
Mr. TOUCEY. I would suggest to my friend
from South Carolina that, instead of a motion to
strike out the third section, he should move to
strike out the words " one of the Justices of the
Supreme Court and," so as to leave the inferior
court proposed by the substitute, to consist of dis-
trict judges; and then the system will be that there
be one inferior court between the Supreme Court
and the district courts, and that that court shall be
held by the judges of the districts within the cir-
cuit whatever that circuit may be. Now if that
motion were made, and the vote of the Senate
were taken upon it, it would settle the question,
so far as this body is concerned, whether t-he
Judges of the Supreme Court are to be sent away
to traverse the country in order to compose a part
of an intermediate court between the highest and
the lowest.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator make the motion to strike out the words
which he has indicated !
Mr. TOUCEY. I would if I had thepowerto
do it; and 1 would suggest to the honorable Sena-
tor from Illinois, thatif those words were stricken
out, it would become comparatively indifferent to
me whether the substitute be adopted, or the bill
of the Committee on the Judiciary; for this rea-
son, that the great evil under which the country
is now laboring, and which will increase from
time to time, until it becomes insupportable, will
be removed by the bill m that form. It will then
leave the judicial business of the country to be
done by the Justices of the Supreme Court, here
in the court of last resort; by the judges of the
district courts, each in his respective district, at the
outset, and then constitute an intermediate court
composed of those district judges to decide upon
writs of error, and appea's hi the first instance
from the district judge. This would accomplish
a great object.
in my judgment, the only question now before
the Senate, which is of any great importance, is
the question whether we shall continue to send the
Judges of the Supreme Court, away from this field
of their labors, (where their labors are of the
highest importance; where it is indispensable that
they should devote their whole timeand abilities,)
all over this country to act m a subordinate capa-
city upon an equality with the diotrict judges in
the intermediate courts, for the purpose of there
hearing writs of error and appeals, which they
hear here every day. If that question shall be
settled in conformity with what seemed to be in-
dicated by the vote of the Senate the other day,
the rest of the bill can be disposed of very easily.
Mr. BUTLER, t do not agree at all with my
friend from Connecticut. Now, my objection to
this bill would be insurmountable, if it contained
any provision at all for an intermediate court of
appeals. As I understand my friend from Con-
necticut, he would be reconciled to the bill, pro-
vided the Justices of the Supreme Court be not
required to be detailed to form a part of that court.
I am opposed to an intermediate court of appeals
altogether, and when the occasion shall arise, I
intend to express myself freely upon that subject.
Therefore, I prefer that my friend from Illinois
should insist on his proposition to take a vote
upon the substitute, and if the subject is to go
before the committe'eagain, let it go back with the
understanding that the vote of the Senate shall be
matured in its details, for I will not undertake to
decide on the details of such a bill as this, without
consulting all persons who may be concerned in
carrying it out. I would not do it. It would be
unsafe to try it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will ask, now, that we take
the vote on the substitute, with the understanding
that, if it prevails, I shall move its reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary, together with all the
amendments which are offered, or proposed to be
offered, so that the committee may perfect- the
details. My object is to get a vote on the prin-
ciple involved, so that the Judiciary Committee
will know then precisely what the Senate expect
them to do.
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly, I hope it will take
that course, and I should like to hear the views of
my friends in relation to this intermediate court,
for I wish to reply to them.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I gave the general outline
before in my remarks. I know the Senate wish
a vote. I would gladly make a speech in reply
to the Senators on the other side, but really I
think the question has been so thoroughly dis-
cussed, that the Senate are prepared to act on the
two principles involved in the two opposing syS-
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
wishes to inquire of theSenator from Connecticut,
if the Chair is to understand him as having moved
the amendment which he indicated?
Mr. TOUCEY. I did not move the amend-
ment, and I shall not, unless it accords with the
views of'the Senator from Illinois. I would not
disturb the substitute as he has presented it; but
I rise to say that I am very sorry to find that my
friend from South Carolina is opposed to that pro-
vision in his own bill which establishes an interme-
diate court.
Mr. BUTLER. I have no such provision in
my bill.
Mr. TOUCEY. The bill which the Senator
reported from the Judiciary Committee, establishes
an intermediate court between the Supreme Court
and the district courts; and I have not understood
that it was any part of the plan of the Judiciary
Committee to abolish that intermediate court.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I am rather
embarrassed at any difference of opinion between,
my friend from Connecticut and myself upon this
subject, for I thought we understood each other
very well. I think that the bill recommended by
the Judiciary Comm'ittee preserves the principles
of the present organization of the judicial system
of the United States, so far as regards the circuit
and district system. It makes a change, it is true,
in reference to the Supreme Court; but so far as
regards the substitution of the new judges, whom
we propose to create by the bill, it is only making
them perform the functions which have been per-
formed, heretofore, by the Judges of the Supreme
Court in the circuits. The judges, for whose
appointment the bill provides, are circuit judges,
to perform for each circuit exactly those duties
which the Supreme Judges have been performing
in the circuits. There is no intermediate courtof
appeal-) at ail, it seems to me, provided for or
recognized in my bill.
Whilst I am up, I may as well,,in a very few
words, state the reasons why I cannot -support
the proposition to establish intermediate courts
proposed by my friend from Illinois.
Mr. President, an intermediate court, such aa
is provided for by the proposition of the honor-
able Senator from Illinois, will give a dignity to
the district judges, by bringing them together,
and constituting a tribunal like this, which will b 
extremely embarrassing, in my opinion, to the
administration of the justice of the country. In
the first place,'it will'be a tribunal which roust
