1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
250
question. I believe the Senate understand dis-
tinctly the principle involved in the vote which is
about to be taken—whether or not the Judges of
the Supreme Court shall be confined in their du-
ties to the District of Columbia, or whether they
shall go to the circuits in the country? If the
substitute be adopted, as I said before, I shall
move its commitment to the Committee on the
Judiciary, together with all the proposed amend-
ments, in order that the bill may be put in such a
shape as the committee may think it ought to be
to carry out the principle agreed to by the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
remark, that the pending question is on the motion
made by the Senator from Missouri, to strike out
the third, fourth, and fifth sections, and insert the
sections he proposes in lieu of thern.
Mr. BUTLER. I understood that we should
save a great deal of time, by testing this question
in the way proposed by my friend from Illinois.
I prefer it on that account, for if the bill is not to
pass in one form or the other, the sooner we know
it the better.
Mr. CLAYTON. I have felt some difficulty
in regard to the question before the Senate, in
deciding between the system proposed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, and that proposed
by the honorable Senator from Illinois. I have
felt the weight of the arguments of the gentlemen
composing the committee, and I agree with them
thus far, that the day may come when it will be
absolutely necessary for us to adopt the circuit
court system, by increasing the number of the
circuit judges as they propose. That will be an
evil day when it does come. I would avoid it as
long as possible. Their proposition is to increase
now the number of circuit judges to eleven. That
is a startling proposition on its own face. We
certainly do not wish, if we can avoid it, to enter
upon such an experiment. Let us put it off as
long as we can, and maintain a proper system of
judiciaty without it. Now, sir, I wish, very
briefly, to state what, in my own judgment, is the
best system for us to adopt under present circum-
stances. Let those who shall come after us,
when the country shall contain fifty or sixty mil-
lions of people, legislate for the circumstances
that may exist then. Let us legislate for the
country as it is now, and the system which I am
about to suggest is, in myjudgment, amply suffi-
cient for the wants of the country at this time.
I would make no new circuit judges. I would
take the district judges, in one or, if you please,
two circuits, (one, however, I propose,) and I
would constitute the whole of those judges a court,
which you might call a court of errors, or a court
in banc, to decide questions saved and reserved on
trial before the district judges, either party to
have the privilege of saving any point which ap-
peared to him to be important on the trial before
the district judge, for hearing before that court in
banc, composed of all the district judges of the
circuit. I would require this court to be held
twice a year. I do not make it a sine qua non,
that a Supreme Court Judge shall or shall not be
a member of that court of errors or court in banc,
as you may please to call it; but that court, thus
constituted, would, in my judgment, be substan-
tially the primary court. It would be the court
which would, in the first instance, decide all im-
portant questions of law. As the gentleman from
Illinois has said, it would undoubtedly arrest,
as his proposition would, a great many of the
cases; they would never proceed farther than that
court, and, consequently, would never troublethe
Supreme Court of the United States. It would, I
think, undoubtedly be attended with this result:
that the Supreme Courtof the United States would
not be crowded with near as many cases as we
have now before it.
Again, sir, this would be a court of the highest
respectability. 1 think my honorable friend from
South Carolina, has not properly appreciated the
standing, and the legal character of those who
compose the district judges of the United States.
They were appointed to give opinions on the
bench, which should have equal weight with the
opinions of the Supreme or circuit judge who sat
beside them. So far as I have the honor of being
acquainted with them, many of them are among
the first jurists in the country; and a court in
banc composed of all the district judges in a cir-
cuit, would be a court of the highest respectability
and character, a court to which a suitor would be
perfectly willing in any ordinary case, to submit
as a final appellate court.
Then, from this court, of course there would be
an appeal to the Supreme Court of the United
States. That the Constitution compels us to
make the court of last resort, with power to in-
tervene on every question mentioned in the Con-
stitution.
Now, sir, one of the most important principles
to be kept in view in organizing the judiciary any-
where, is this: Sit finis Mum. Constitute the
court below the primary court, composed of such
strength and character that the suitors will be
content with the decisions of that court, and not
be allured into the court of errors for justice.
That is a miserable system which makes a bad
court below and offers a man only the remedy of
a good court above. The court below is by far
the most important court in every system of judi-
ciary. I would constitute this so as to make the
court below a court which should satisfy the
suitors, so that, unless some very extraordinary
question of great difficulty on constitutional law
should present itself, the party would be contented
with the decision of the court below, and not go to
the Supreme Court of the United States. Surely,
such a system as this, such a system as that pro-
posed by the Senator from Illinois, would arrest
a great number of cases that are now necessarily
driven into the Supreme Court of the United States.
Then, sir, if it should have the fortunate effect
of curtailing the business of the Supreme Court,
it would prevent'the necessity of increasing here-
after the number of judges of that court. On all
sides it seems to be considered an evil to increase
the number of Judges of the Supreme Court.
The idea, that which prevails here, and has always
prevailed here for twenty years, to my knowledge,
is, that if you increase the number of Judges of
the Supreme Courtof the United States, you make
it a debating instead of a deliberative body; and
therefore you destroy its dignity, its character,
and its influence in the country. Well, sir, if we
increase the number of judges to a very great
amount, undoubtedly that will be the result; but
if we should increase the number to twelve, the
number of judges in England, I should not fear
that we should thereby impair the usefulness of
that court. Beyond that I would not go, and at
present I do not feel disposed to increase the num-
ber there at all. When the necessities of the
country shall require it, Congress may be driven
to increase the number, perhaps, to twelve; but
for the present I shall be perfectly contented with
such a court as I have suggested. It is an approx-
imation to the plan of the Senator from Illinois,
which, for that reason, I prefer to the plan pro-
posed by the Committee on the Judiciary. In the
hope that when that proposition is adopted in lieu
of the original bill, it may go to the committee,
who will take into consideration the whole of
those suggestions which have been thrown out in
debate, and report the very best plan they can
make for us, I shall vote for the substitute.
Mr. President, I am very apprehensive that the
session is so far gone that we can do nothing
effective during the time that is now allowed us.
Let us not, however, because we have not time,
be hurried into any new untried experiments upon
a subject of this importance, without great and
careful consideration. I am opposed to making
eleven new circuit judges. I think that, though
that presents relief to the Judges of the Supreme
Court of the United States, it does not present any
greater relief to them than the plan I suggest, and
very little more than the plan suggested by the
Senator from Illinois.
It has been well stated in the course of this de-
bate, by one of the members of the Committee on
the Judiciary, that the district judges in some of
the cities of this Union are crowded with business,
and have more than they can transact. I would
remedy that difficulty wherever it exists, by ap-
pointing an assistant or additional judge, or by
making a new district and dividing the business;
but because we happen to be crowded with busi-
ness in some of the large cities of the Union, it is
no reason we should alter the whole system. Add
new district judges; make new districts where
they are necessary; and if this proposition to refer
the whole subject to the committee shall succeed,
I hope the committee will not forget to take into
consideration this very idea of increasing the num-
ber of district judges where they are crowded with
business, and also increasing'the compensation of
the district judges.
Now, I am not one of those who seek to main-
tain a system of economy by starving the judges.
That is the worst economy to which Congress
could possibly resort. I am for paying the Judges
of the Supreme Court well, and the judges of the
district courts well. If we, by a new system,
increase the responsibilities and duties of the dis-
trict judges, I would increase their salaries; and I
would never be governed by the mere consider-
ation of how much the judge did in the course of
the year, how many cases he actually decided.
That is not the true rule of compensation; for as
you abstract a judge from all other business—be-
cause I hold that a judge should do nothing but
attend to the business of his office, and engage in
no trade—as by the appointment you abstract him
from the pursuits of other men, and all other means
of obtaining a livelihood, I would always pay
enough to enable him to lead a studious life when
engaged in the service of the Government. As
part of the plan of reform, therefore, which I
would recommend, I would say increase the com-
pensation of the district judges, if you adopt the
plan of constituting an intermediate court, com-
posed of them as a court in banc from the decis-
ions ofteach district judge below. I shall vote for
the substitute, but with the hope and expectation
that the committee will do this.
Mr. GEYER. Mr. President, I did not antici-
pate, on these amendments, a general debate rela-
tive to the merits of the plan proposed by the
Senator from Illinois, and 1 do not intend now to
be drawn into that debate; but I will take leave
here to suggest to the honorable chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary, that when he ex-
presses his determination to oppose all intermediate
appellate courts, he, in fact, expresses a determin-
ation to oppose his own bill, and the judiciary
system as it has stood from the foundation of the
Government. There always has been an inter-
mediate appellate court, and the only difference
between that proposed by the Senator from Illinois,
and that existing and proposed to be continued
by the bill of the committee, with a somewhat
different constitution, is, that one is composed of
five or six, or a larger number of judges, and the
other is composed of two; the one limits the ju-
risdiction of the appellate court—the circuit court
as it now exists—to $2,000, and the other proposes
to raise the limit: that is the difference. The
Senator from Illinois proposes to constitute an
intermediate appellate court, consisting of a Judge
of the Supreme Court, and all the district judges
in the circuit. The system proposed By the
committee, is to constitute an appellate court in
every district—six or seven appellate courts in
each circuit, according to the number of districta
there may be in a circuit—composed of two
judges, a circuit judge, and a district judge.
I do not think, sir, I have not thought at any
time, that we can, in the hurry and confusion in
which business is sometimes transacted in the
Senate, draw up amendments which would meet
all objections that might be made to the details of
the measure, and one evidence of it is to befound
in the remarks of the honorable Senator from
South Carolina in reference to this substitute.
The substitute, as I propose to amend it, intends
that the appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court
shall extend to all cases where the sum in contro-
versy exceeds §5,000, or where there is a consti-
tutional question, or the construction of a Jaw or
treaty of the United States involved. In such cases
an appeal or writ of error may be prosecuted
directly from a district court as well as from acir-
cu it court to the Su preme Court. That is the shape
which it is intended the substitute shall assume.
The details of the system cannot well be explained
at large until we have something before us at which
gentlemen can look. Now, if it be the under-
standing of the Senate, that, in the event of the
adoption of the proposition of the Senator from
Illinois in Committee of the Whole, I may be
permitted to lay on the table the amendments which
I propose, and have them printed and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, so that when this
system is agreed upon the details of the bill may
be there arranged, I shall be content to withdraw
the amendments which I have submitted with a
view to have a test question at once, if the Senate
are so disposed, between the two principal systems
which have been suggested.
