260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment being withdraw?!, thequestion is on the sub-
stitute proposed by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. MASON. It is desirable, I ihink, that we
should have a session for Executive business this
afternoon, and, therefore, 1 move to postpone the
further consideration of the subject until to-mor-
row.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator from Virginia that we are about to take
the vote of the Senate on the substitute, in order
ihat, if it be adopted, we may recommit the bill to
the committee. 1 hope he will withdraw his motion
to allow us to take this test vote.
Mr. MASON. If that be the case, I waive the
motion.
Mr. BELL. I do not wish to detain the Senate,
but I understand that the vote which weare about
to take is considered a test vote.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is only a testonthis prin-
ciple.
Mr J3ELL. I understand that, and that is
What I objfect to. I object to having a test vote
just now. I understand this is to be a test vote,
whelher it is the disposition of a majority of the
Senate to separate the Judges of the Supreme
Court altogether from circuit jurisdiction.
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir; we have alregjly de-
cided that.
Mr. BELL. I have asked the Senator from
Illinois whether he considered that a vital part of
his system, that the Judges of the Supreme Court
should preside in these intermediate and appellate
courts. I wish merely to throw out an idea. My
Inclination of opinion, as I expressed it the other
day, is favorable to the general features of the
proposition of the honorable Senator from Illinois,
because it is more in conformity 
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will indulge
me. I think it is manifest that the debate will
continue.
Mr. BELL. I should be very sorry to prevent
a vote being taken, but I merely wish to throw
out an idea.
Mr. MASON. I should hear the Senator with
great pleasure, but I know that others will follow
him.
Mr. BELL. That is another thing. I give
way.
Mr. MASON. I move that the further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed until to-mor-
row, with a view of proceeding to the consideration
of Executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
RETURN OP EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion, in order that an error made
this morning, through my instrumentality, may
be remedied.
Mr. MASON. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. BADGER. This mornina:, soon afterthe
meeting of the Senate, the President pro tempore
laid before the Senate certain Executive commu-
nications, to the character and contents of which
I did not pay any attention, and as no other Sen-
ator seemed to attend to them, 1 simply submitted,
as each was read, a motion that each should be
printed for the use of the Senate, supposing that
they were communications such as the heads nf
Departments had the right to send to us. I find,
sir, that a communication, on which I made that
' motion, from the Department of the Interior, is
not such a communication as the head of a De-
partment has any authority to send to tins body.
It is, in fact, in 'the form of a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in which, on the au-
thority of certain papers, he recommends certain
appropriations.
Now, sir, we have had one or two irregularities
of that kind heretofore, though they were ar-
rested by the Presiding Officers, and not brought
to the attention of the Senate. By an oversight
of the President pro tempore this morning, this
paper was communicated, and, on my motion, an
order was made for its printing. It is perfectly
manifest that no one has a right to communicate
with either House of Congress, by way of rec-
ommendation, except the President of the United
States; and no executive officer has any right
to send anything here of any kind, except by
■virtue of aa authority of law; as, for example,
the law which requires the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to make an annual report, or in answer to
resolutions of the body. I move, therefore, to re-
consider the vote ordering this paper to be
printed, to the intent that I may withdraw that
motion to print, and that the President pro tempore
may have an opportunity of returning the paper
to the Secretary of the interior. I will not move
its return, because that might seem to imply a
censure where, I am sure, no wrong was meant.
I move, therefore, to reconsider the vote by which
the priming of the document was ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I now withdraw the motion,
and hope the President pro tempore will return the
paper to the Secretary of the Interior, and 1 ask
that no notice be taken of it on the Journal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Hunter
in the chair.) That course will be pursued if there
be no objection.
There was no objection.
ENGRAVING OF MAPS AND CHARTS.
Mr. JOHNSON. As the difiiaulty which has
existed in regard to the engraving connected with
the public printing has been settled and arranged
between the committees of the two House's, 1 ask
that the question may tie taken up, and that the
resolutions which I now send to the Chair, as a
substitute for those which 1 offered the other day,
may be rend and passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tions will be read for information.
The Secretary read as follows:
Resolv'd, Ifc., That hereafter, when any charts,
diagram*, views, or other engravings, shall be rrfjuiird
to illustrate anv documents ordered to be printed by eiiher
House of Congress, such engravings i-liall be procured by
the Superintendent of Public Printing, under the super-
vision and direction of such committee aa the House order-
ing tin; printing of any such document shall direct.
Resolved, That the papor necessary for the execution of
any such engraving shall he obtained m iho same ntannet,
and under the tame regulations and restrictions, as are now
provided by the act of iJGth of August, 1Sj2, for the obtam-
ment of oilier printing paper.
Itpiolved, That all plates which have been engraved for
any document ordered by either House of Onngiess, now
under ttie charge of the Secretary of the Senate, or the
Clerk of the House of RepretentanveSj shall be placed in
chargo of the Superintendent of Public Printing.
Mr. WELLER. I prefer that the resolutions
should lie over.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will inquire of the Senator
from California if he has any particular object in
asking that they shall lie over?
Mr. WELLER. My only object is that I may
have an opportunity of looking at and examining
them, before I am called on to vote upon them. It
is a very important matter. It seems to me, from
listening to its reading, to place large' power m the
hands of an officer, and I desire to see where I
am going before I move in this matter.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator, at this stage of
the proceedings, has not the power, by his single
objection, to require that they shall lie over; and, so
far as I am concerned, I shall not assent to any
such course. I must ask the attention of the Sen-
ete to this subject. Sir, it has been lying over now
from the last Congress. The same proposition,
in substance, was then presented, and it has been
here ever since. There has been a full conference
between the committeeofthe House and the Com-
mittee of the Senate on this subject, and there is
now no difficulty between them in regard to it.
Being a matter of urgent public interest, it requires
immediate action. If the Committee on Printing
of this body is entitled to our confidence at all, it
is proper that its recommendations in this matter
should be considered. Every committee which
has looked into the subject has agreed to the pio-
priety of this proposition. It has been examined
by the Committee on Printing of the Senate re-
peatedly; and,finally, ithas been so arranged that
all parties m this House, and in the other, inter-
ested in the matter, are satisfied. I refer, partic-
ularly, to the Secretary of the Senate, the Clerk of
the House of Representatives, the committee of
the House, and the committee of the Senate. If,
now, under such circumstances, a matter of this
sort, so simple in itself, must again be laid over,
of course I shall submit to the will of the Senate;
but I must protest against such a proceeding. The
subject has been lying over from the time when it
was -brought to the attention of this body, some
three years ago; and if it is not understood by
this time, I do not know when it will be.
I know that this is a subject of such entire
insignificance in itself, in the estimation of some
gentlemen, that it does not attract the interest of
members of this body, and there are few who will
examine it; but when it comes up under circum-
stances like these, it may be thrown over on the
pretense of examination, merely for the purpose
of accomplishing a,little delay. I do no charge
any gentleman with such a design, but that I fear
will be the effect.
I hope the Senate will take up.these joint resolu-
tions, and pass them at once. When I state here to
the Senate, upon the responsibility of my official
position, that they are satisfactory to all parties
concerned, and that, in the judgment of the Com-
mittees on Printing of both Houses of Congress,
they ought to be passed promptly, I trust they will
be agreed to. I hope I may not be compelled again
and again to persecute the Senate by calling their
attention to them,and by asking them to do a neces-
sary act, which ought not to be, and cannot be,
passed by, without culpable neglect on our part.
I ask for the consideration of the joint resolutions,
and then, if there be objections to them, let them be
stated, and let the resolutions be voted down, if the
Senate think proper to do so, and I shall be
relieved from further responsibility in regard to
them. AH I ask is a vote on the subject.
Mr. WELLER. I understand that this reso-
lution was first read for the information of the
Senate. I saw that it involved a matter into
which I had not looked, and I chose to use my
privilege as a Senator to object to its further con-
sideration. I apprehend 1 have an undoubted
right to do ihat. This matter is brought in
here just at the very moment when the Senate is
about to proceed to the consideration of Executive-
business, and some Senators have left their seats.
I simply desired an opportunity to look into the
subject, because I was called upon to vote on it
Now, if there were anything unjust or unreason,
able in this request, or if the Senate suppose t wa
exercising a power which I have a right to do under
the rules for the purpose of delaying the passage of
these joint resolutions, the remarks of the Senator
from Arkansas would be applicable; but 1 have
simply desired an opportunity to look into them.
If 1 have the power here as a Senator now to
prevent the passage of these resolutions until I can
look into them, 1 choose to exercite that right, and
I do exercise it. I ask the Chair now whether,
under the rules of the Senate, the objection of a
single Senator does not necessarily pass this sub-
ject over until to-morrow?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state the question.
Mr. JOHNSON. Before the Chair decides that
point, I wish the Senate to understand that these
resolutions are not now presenied here for the first
time. When they were first presented, they were
objected to by the Senator from North Carolina.
They were then laid over in consequence of that
objection. That being the case, they can no longer
be laid over on such objections. Now, I ask the
Senate to consider the subject. It was pending
during the last Congress, but it has been opposed
from time to time, and I can get no reason what-
ever for the opposition to it. If the Senator from
California has not examined it, it is no fault of
mine. The committee have examined it, and they
ask action upon it. They do not wish to be un-
der the painful necessity of consuming the time of
the Senate on such a petty, trifling affair, as this
is in comparison with the general business of the
body.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state the question. The present incumbent of the
chair was not a ware, when the resolutions were sent
up, that they had been previously read twice in the
Senate. That, however, being the case, it was
competent for the Senator from Arkansas to make
his motion, and a majority can take up the reso-
lutions. The Senator from California was, doubt-
less, led into error by the Chair, who said the
resolutions were read for information, the Chair not
being aware at the time that they had been previous-
ly read two separate times. It is, therefore, com-
petent for the Senator from Arkansas to make a
motion that they be tak?n up, and it is for a major-
ity of the Senate to decide the question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I now ask that the resolu-
tions may be read again, and I hope they will re-
ceive the attention of members of the Senate, eo
that they may see how simplej direct, and clear
