262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, in pursuance
of previous notice, introduced a bill " to incorpo-
rate the Library of the Columbia Fire Company
of Washington city;" which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
.Sir. LETCHER. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. As chairman of the select committee, en-
gaged in the investigation of the Coit case, and
other matters referred to in the resolution organ-
izing that committee, I desire to submit a report,
jvhich will bring before the House questions of
some interest and importance, as, I think, affect-
ing the rights and privileges of the body. I ask
that the report may be read at the Clerk's desk.
The report was read, as follows*
The committee anointed on the 10th day of July
last, " to inquire whether money has been oflbjed to mem-
bers, or other illegal and improper means u?6d to induce
members to aid inBecuring the passage or defeat of a bill to
extend Colt's patent fOT seven years; and also, whether
money has been offered to members, or other illegal or im-
proper means used, either directly or indirectly, to secure
the passage or defeat of any bill before Congress, and that
the said committee shall have power to send for persons
and papers, with authority to examine witnesses on oath,"
beg leave to leport, in part:
That in discharge of the duties imposed on them by
order of the House, they Caused seveial witnesses to be
summoned, and of the number so summoned, was W. B.
Chase. %in obedience to the first summons, he appeared
before the committee, and refused to answer various
questions propounded, and which will be found in the pro-
ceedings of the committee, accompanying the report No.
353, presented to the House on the 3d day of August last,
pages si, 82, and S3.
Your committee further report, that on the 16th day of
this month they caused the said W. B. Chase to be again
summoned to appear on Monday, the 18th instant, before
them, to testify further on the sublet on which he bad
been previously interrogated. The Scrgcant-at-arms made
the following return on said Hummon* : "Served, by per-
sonal notice this 16th day of December, 18<>4;'Jand the said
Chase having declined to appear, in obedience thereto, the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. ZoLncon'fcR, was
unanimously adopted by this committee:
<Resolvedf That the committee call tbo attention of the
House to the facts heretofore reported, m relation to the
testimony of Mr. W. B. Chase, given before the com-
mittee on the 29th and 31st July, 18.M, and Unit ihvy r .-poit
to the House the facta in relation lo the repented subse-
quent ineffectual efforts of the committee to induce Mr.
Chase to appear before them and further testify.
Mr. LETCHER. Since the return which is
referred to in that report, the Sergeant-at-Arms
has made a fuller return, which I send to the Clerk's
table to be read:
The return was read, as follows:
Office skagrant-vt-arsts,
House op IIeps. U. fc*., December &7, 1^54.
Hon: John Letcher, Chairman of Select Committee:
Sir : On the 16th instant, in obedience to an order of the
House of Representatives, made at the instance of the select
committee on the subject of alleged impioper mean* u&rd
to procure the pasiagi* or defeat of a bill to extend Oolt'n
patent" or other bills before Congress, I served a summons,
by personal notice, upon W. U."Cha*e, LIsq., to appear and
testify belorc the committee on the JKth inMant. A second
summons for the same person was placed in my hand* on
the 18th, requiring him to appear on the dOih instant. Thna
1 was not able to serve in season, us, notwithstanding dili-
gent effort made by myself and deputy, we could not find
bun until the morning of the 90th, after the committee had
gone into the session, and when the House was about to
assemble. I then saw him in the Hall of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and, reminding him of the previous service of
summons, was about to serve the second, (although it wur
then too late to answer the pui pose of the committee, if they
desired to examine him on that morning,) when he stated
that he declined to appear before the committee.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. J. GLOaaiHU'itfNEE,
Sergeant-at-Jlrms, House of Reps. If. S.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Speaker, very shortly
$fter this committee organized during the last ses-
sion of Congress, we proceeded to summon various
persons to appear before us, to testify in regard to
matters submitted to us, and charged by the reso-
lution of this House. Of the number so sum-
moned, many of them refused to answer the
questions propounded by the committee, and our
time being short at that particular period of the
session, and the committee desiring to go as far
into the investigation as possible, we declined to
bring the matter to the attention of the House.
Among others was this gentleman, W. B. Chase,
sind his testimony will be found on the 81st, 82d,
£nd 83d pages of the report of the committee, and,
perhaps, to a correct understanding of this matter,
it would be well to have his testimony read at the
Clerk's desk.
The testimony was then read, as follows:
Mr. W. B. Cbase, being duly sworn, testifies as follows:
Question by Mr, Eliot,-'Have you been engaged as agent
or attorney, or otherwise, to aid the passage of Colonel
Colt's application before Congress for an extension of his
patent i
Answer.—Early in the session Colonel Clemens reminded
me of the intimacy that had existed between Colonel Colt
and myself, and asked me if I would assist him (Clemens)
m furthering Colonel Colt's interests. I replied, I would
do so cheerfully.
Question by Mr, Eliot.—Whether or not were you re-
tained for that purpose; and if so, will you please state the
service which you were to render, and the compensation
paid or to be paid, and whether or not that compensation
was absolute or contingent ?
•Answer.—t was not retained. The kind of service was
not designated. No rate of compensation was named.
No allusion was made to compensation at "all.
Question by Mr. Ehot.—YfiW you state in what way, if
at all, you have rendered aid to Colonel Clemens in prose-
cuting the application for that extension ?
•Answer.—By addressing communications to some of the
members of Congress with whom 1 am acquainted, stating
what I knew to be facts, m order to controvert statements
which I knew to be false, which were industriously circu-
lated by the opponents of Colonel Colt. Tlie communica-
tions I refer to were inform of letter.
Question hy Mr. Eliot.—Do you know, or have you rea-
son to believe, that any gift of any kind has been made or
offered to any member of Congress by Colonel Colt, or any
one acting m aid of his application ?
•Anszvcr.—I do not, sir. I have heard Colonel Clemens
say he has distributed some pistols, and was sorry ho had
not more to distribute, in order that the arm might be
thoroughly undeistood.
Question by Mr. Eliot Will you name the persons to
whom such pistols have been given ?
Jbisicer.—i do not know, sir; Colonel Clemens did not
say.
Question by Mr. Eliot.—Will you say whether any com-
pensation has been made to you, and what, and by whom ?
•Answer.—None has been made to me whatever.
Question by Mr. EUot.—Uava you been employed by
Colonel Clemens, in relation to the Colt patent, in any
other way than as you have stated ?
•Anstvcr.—None, sir.
Question by Mr. Eliot.—Do you know, or have you rea-
son to believe, that any improper or unlawful means have
been used by any person to affect the vote or the action of
any member oi the present Congiess in aid of, or in opposi-
tion to, any bill now pending, oi which has been pending,
before Congress during the present session?
•Answer—I do not know yet. I have reason to believe,
and in a few days shall possibly know positively, that votes
were made for the Nebraska bill in consequence of a con-
tract to build one of the sit steam-frigaies being given to
George Steers, of New York. That is all 1 can &ay at
present. I cannot give the names yet without occasioning
trouble to parties who are not interested. The person from
whom I got my information is not here. I do not know,
positively, where he is.
Qiccstion by Mr. Eliot.—Will you state the name of the
person from whom you obtained the information which
you have ?
•Answer.—If I decline to answer that, It is more with the
view to further the investigation than to retard it. I must
decline it.
The witness was requested to withdraw whilst the com-
mittee decided whether an answer «houid be insisted upon
to the biht question ; which was decided m the affirmative,
and the clerk directed to notify the witness that he shall
come prepared to answer the question on Monday morning
at nine o'clock.
The committee then adjourned to Monday morning at
nine o'clock.
Monday, July 31, 3854.
The committee met pursuant to adjournment. Present,
ail the members.
Mr. W. 13. Chase again appeared before the committee,
and the hist questional'{Saturday being repeated to him, he
makes ans>w 'r as follows :
Jinswer —I am sorry that you have forced me to appear
discourteous, but I must still decline.
QncUion by Mr. Eddy.—Will you state the facts upon
which your leasonsfor believing that votes were improp-
erly made for the Nebraska bill are founded, in consequence
of a contract to build one of the six steam-fiig<ile,s with
George Steers,of New Yoik, as stated in a former answer ?
•Answer.—The facts are nothing more than that I was
informed such was the case.
Question by Mr. Eliot. —U,\\e you any knowledge in
regard to any improper means used to affect the vote or the
action of any member of the present Congress upon any bill
which has been pending during this session, except as you
have stated ?
.Answer.—X have not, Fir.
Question by chairman.—To what members of Congress
did you address the communications icferred to by you ?
State the substance of those communications, and the time
at which they were sent.
•Answer.—I retained no list of the gentlemen to whom I
addressed such communications; they were sent at various
dates. The substance was a mere statement of facts to
disprove the assertion of the opponents of Colonel Colt,
that he had acquired iaige benefits from ins invention.
Question by chairman.—Do you know, or have you rea-
sou to bdieve, that any Senator or Representative in the
present Congress has received, or been promised money,
or a loan of money,or stock, oi other thing of value, either
directly or indirectly, for his aid, favor, or influence in
behalf of any patent bill or railroad bill, or that he lias had
notes indorsed, or proposed to be indorsed, by any appli-
cant or any person interested in such bills?
•Answer.—I do not know, nor have I any reason to be-
lieve that any favors have been granted or promised.
Question by chairman —Do you know, or have you
reason to believe, that any Repiesentative or Senator in the
present Congress is interested as partner, stockholder, or
otherwise, m any patent bill or railroad bill which is now
pending, or which bad been before the present Congress ?
•Answer.—I have reason to believe that the Hon. Lewis
Cass is a stockholder in the Oakland and Ottawa railroad.
Question by chairman.—State the reasons on which your
belief is founded as to the interest of General Cass in saia
railroad? , __
•Answer.—I was so informed by John H. Harmon, tne
recent Mayor of Detroit, and by other persons from Michi-
gan, whose names I do not now remember.
Question by Mr. Eliot.—If, before the committee shall
be discharged from this investigation, you ascertain any
material facts upon matters concerning which you have
been asked, will you furnish such facts to the committee .
Objected to by Mr. Eddy, as placing the committee in the
attitude of asking a favor of the witness.
Upon the question, shall the question be put? the ayes
and noes were as follows:
Ayes—Messrs. Letcher and Eliot, .
Noes—Messrs. Eddy, Zollicoffer, Ruffin, Thurston, and
Wheeler.
So the question was not put.
Question by Mr. Rujjin.—When you were spoken to by
Colonel Clemens, and requested to aid in procuring the
favorable action of Congress on the Colt patent extension,
did you expect to receive a compensation ?
Jinswer.—I did not.
Question by Mr. Ruffin—Do you expect to receive a
compensation of any kind, either directly or indirectly, for
your services in behalf of Colt's patent extension.
Jinswer.—I do. .
Question by Mr. Rutfm.—ls that compensation to be
certain or contingent ?
•Answer.—I should expect it to be certain.
Question by Mr. Rujjin Has a reporter's desk been
assigned you in the House of Representatives ?
•Answer.—It has, sir.
Mr. LETCHER. If ifiy friend from New-
York wants to put a question, I will hear him
with pleasure.
Mr. WALSH. I ask the gentleman whether
this person, Chase, was notified to appear before
the committee, and again refused ?
Mr. LETCHER. So the Sergeant-at-Arm3
reports.
Mr. WALSH. Well, Mr. Speaker, as a per-
sonal friend of George Steers, I feel it due to him,
as well as to myself, to say a few words in regard
to the testimony which has just been read. In the
first place, George Steers never got a contract to
build one of these six steamers. George Steers
was appointed a naval constructor for the special
and sole purpose of building one of them. Wot a
dollar passes through his hands for any purpose
connected with the ship. He has not the par-
chasing of a pound of nails—neither does he want
it. He receives §2,400 a year, and pays some
$3,000 for a ship yard, which he has absolutely
abandoned up to the present time, so that he
might be enabled to do full justice to the Govern-
ment, and to his own reputation. That ship was
not given to him through any influence brought to
bear by any one—but as a high and just tribute
to his own matchless genius. It was given to
him as the architect of the world-renowned
" America," and the modeler of the Collins and
other celebrated steamers. To the immortal honor
of the Secretary of the Navy, be it said, it is the
first instance in the history of the nation, where
the claims of humble and unobtrusive merit have
been recognized in preference to pretensions,
wealth, and influence. The result, sir, will amply
vindicate the wisdom of that decision. Had wealth
and influence controlled the selection of a builder
for'that ship, George Steers would have been the
last man among all the applicants to have got her,
and the country would have been deprived of the
signal advantages which it will now derive from
his honesty and transcendent skill.
Sir, I cannot permit the present opportunity to
pass without stating that there are a number of
miserable, scribbling lazaroni, who hang; about this
Capitol—fellows who modestly pretend to be reg-
ular correspondents for newspapers throughout
the country, but who, in reality, are utterly inca-
pable of properly writing a soap boiler's adver-
tisement, [great laughter;] rascals, sir, who would
not be employed by any reputable paper in the
country at five dollars a week. A wretched set of
petty larceny miscreants, who go about here levy-
ing contributions and black mail on every man
who comes to Washington on business; basely
pandering to the vanity of the weak portion of the
members of this House, with the view of control-
ling their votes in favor of some of the vile schemes
in which they are employed, and slandering the
ablest and purest men in it, because, with be-
coming self-respect, they indignantly spurn their
loathsome acquaintance.
Who is this fellow, Chase, for instance? this
repulsive, sensual looking big beast? [Loud and
prolonged laughter.] You all know him, and
entertain, if you do not express it with equal
