1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
268
freedom, the same unmitigated contempt for him,
and others of the same tribe, that I do. His dis-
graceful and atrocious conduct towards his own
family, in Indianapolis, must be, and is, known
to every member of the Indiana delegation upon
this floor.
I am positively surprised, although I attribute
it entirely to the almost culpable benevolence, and
good nature of the Speaker, that these bogus cor-
respondents, these disguised and depraved lob-
byers should be suffered to pollute this Hail by
their presence. To members they are worse than
a nuisance, and to the legitimate reporters of the
House, they are, constructively, a disgrace; and,
in respect to this House, I trust that the Speaker
will not only rid us of this fellow Chase, but also
of that whole fraternity, as I have been afraid to
bring an overcoat into the Hall and leave it hang
outside the bar of the House while they are about.
[Great laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Speaker, 1 regard this
as a matter of great importance to the House—as
one deserving to be seriously and carefuiiy con-
sidered. The House will recollect that, in answer
to one of the questions, this witness stated dis-
tinctly that he had reason to believe votes had been
influenced in favor of a particular measure, which
had created a great deal of excitement here and
throughout the country. Well, sir, he declined,
at that time, to give the House this information
on the ground that he had not the facts so posi-
tively ascertained that he could undertake then to
explain them without running the risk of defeat-
ing the object which the committee had in view in
this investigation. That occurred on the 30th day
of July last. When the committee resumed their
labors this session, this witness was one of the
earliest directed to be summoned to appear before
us, m order that he might testify in regard to this
matter, and furnish the House with information
which he told us, at the time of his examination,
he expected to be able to furnish in a few days.
He declined to appear to answer to the summons;
and in consequence of this fact, the committee have
been brought to a halt. It is impossible for us to
proceed with this investigation if we cannot com-
pel the attendance of witnesses before us, whom
we regard as important, and who, at least, have
given indications on previous occasions that they
possessed knowledge bearing diiectly on the mat-
ters referred to us for investigation.
It is also important, in another point of view,
that we should be able to require from those who
appear before us, answers to questions calculated
to furnish the House with information in regard
to the manner in which bills are passed in this
body. Without some means of securing the
attendance of witnesses, and of requiring them to
detail what they know in regard to these matters,
the committee had as well be disbanded. It was
in consequence of these difficulties that I was
directed to present this report to the House, and
to ask for its action. I have been looking at some
of the precedents, but I find no instance in which
this matter has been settled by the action of the
House of Representatives. Some years ago, a
committee was raised here, by Mr. Stanly, of
North Carolina, for the purpose of investigating
certain matters which he regarded as important.
Two witnesses appeared before that committee,
and declined to answer questions on the subject.
The facts were reported to the House, and after
some debate, the matter was left without any defi-
nite action on the part of the body—without
defining the duties of members, or prescribing, or
settling, the powers of the House, and of the com-
mittees under it.
In discharge of our duty we report these facts,
and ask the House to take such action as will
enable us to proceed with the investigation.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. This question,
Mr. Speaker, involves a very grave one, of very
Srave constitutional power. I should like to in-
quire of the gentleman from Virginia, who makes
this report, what he proposes that the House shall
3o in the matter? What does he propose to do,
supposing this individual still refuses to appear
before the Committee ?
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) If the gentle-
man from Georgia, will allow the Chair, he has
this moment received a note from W. B. Chase,
which, perhaps, it is his duty to read, if the
House desire to hear it.
[Cries of "No! " "No! "and " Yes I "]
Mr. FLORENCE. What is the nature of it?
The SPEAKER. It is addressed in respectful
Mr. LETCHER. I hope it will be read.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to read as
follows:
" I have no objection to furnish the committee with the
name of the individual who can testify to the matter alluded
to. If they can compel his attendance, let them do so.
" W. B. CHASE."
Mr. STEPHENS. X move, then, that this re-
port be laid upon the table. Let the committee
go on with their investigations.
Mr. LETCHER. There is something more
with regard to this matter. This individual has
been summoned before the committee twice. He
has known the purpose for which he was sum-
moned, and yet he has refused, on both occasions,
to appear, although he was treated respectfully on
the previous occasions when he was before the
committee.
Mr. STEPHENS. Well, sir, he says he will
answer now, and what is to be done. I do not
suppose the gentleman intends to punish him for
what he has already done. I hope the House will
take no other step in the matter; and I am glad
this has occurred to prevent the necessity of any
further steps, for, as I have said, a very grave
question of constitutional power is involved. I
am not prepared to say that this House has the
power to punish this individual. I am very glad
that the matter has taken the tuin it has. Mr.
Chase says he will name the person who can give
testimony upon this subject; and it is very likely
that, when he comes to name him, it will turn out
to be somebody dead, or probably gone beyond
the seas.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 do not understand the let-
ter of Mr. Chase to state what my friend from
Georgia seems to think it states. I do not under-
stand him to say that he will appear before the
committee at all. But he rather bids defiance to
the committee than otherwise. lie merely pro-
poses to furnish the name of a witness—not to
come before the committee himself and testify, as
I understand him. 1 should like to know exactly
how we are to understand what he has said at last.
I ask the Speaker again to read the letter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will call the at-
tention of the House to the fact that there are cer-
tain words in the note which are underscored. It
reads:
"I have no objection to furnish the committee with the
name of iho individual who can testify to the matter
alluded to. If they can compel his attendance, let them do
£>0."
The Chair will take occasion to state that* he
does not recognize the right of any person, not a
member of Congress, to address letters to the
House upon matters under discussion; but as this
seemed to be directly in point, he thought it proper
to leave it to the House to say whether they would
receive it.
Mr. LETCHER. Then that communication
is nothing more nor less than this: He intimates
that it is not in the power of the committee to
compel the attendance of the person whose name
he proposes to furnish. He taunts the committee,
and through them the House, with their inability
to compel witnesses to attend, and to answer ques-
tions when they do attend. That is the whole
amount of the matter.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Will my colleague
permit me a moment?
Mr. LETCHER. I have nothing more to say,
though I may offer a resolution before the matter
is disposed of.
Mr. BAYLY. When we undertake to con-
sider a question of this character it is important
that we should see to what end it will tend; we had
better see where we are going to land. When I
commenced the study of law my preceptor told
me that whenever I was applied to in a case, 1
should inquire first, what is the action? Next,
what judgment do you want? And if you cannot
get the remedy you want, what is the remedy ?
Well, sir, I have always found that a good rule
through life.
Now, what is the action wanted here? What
is proposed ? Is there any law to meet the case ?
If there is not, what is to be proposed to meet
the case? X do not see my way clear. I think it
would be well for gentlemen to look into the
powers of the House before they proceed further.
In England, one of the most difficult questions
that have occupied the attention of the House of
Commons, has been this very question of privi-
lege. It led to great difficulty there, and I would
suggest to my colleague, [Mr. Letcher,] that if
he intends to make any point in the matter, he
should look to it, and see what the legal regula-
tions are upon which the matter should rest; be-
cause, if this House, under the impulse of the
moment, should undertake to pass an informal
resolution, outside of positively defined law, they
might do a great wrong and injustice.
Suppose the witness should refuse to appear,
what are you to do with him ? Punish him for
contempt ? I should like any gentleman to show
me the law authorizing it. And if he can show
me the law authorizing it, I should like to know
what is the penalty of that law? Would you
send him to jail, or immerse him in damages ?
Mr. MILLSON. If my colleague will allow
me to interrupt him, I should like to put a question
to the Chair, which I think bears somewhat upon
the argument of my colleague. I desire to know
whether the communication of Mr. Chase is to
be regarded as a communication to this House,
to be entered upon its Journal, or whether we are
only to consider that the Speaker, in the exercise
of his rights as a member, presented the contents
of a communication, intended to be addressed to
him ? because, sir, if the communication is con-
sidered as before the House to be entered upon
the Journal, then it will place this individual in
such a position of antagonism to the committee
as may make it necessary for us to proceed with
more caution in determining the extent of the
powers of the House. If, however, it is to be
regarded as a mere suggestion of the Chair, com-
municating the willingness of the party to answer
the question, then it presents a different question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would not under-
take to decide how the communication should be
treated by the House. It is addressed, not to
Linn Boyd, but to the Speaker of the House.
Under the circumstances and without a moment's
reflection, the Chair supposed that the attention
of the House should be called to it, and the House
should determine whether it should be read, or
what disposition should be made of it.
Mr. BAYLY. There is no individual in this
House, as I am sure the individual now occupying
the Chair knows—
Mr. CLINGMAN, (interrupting.) Will the
gentleman from Virginia allow me to make a sug-
gestion merely ? I urderstand that to-morrow the
debate on the Pacific railroad is to be closed, and
somegentlemen desire to discuss the subject to-day.
It is the last day. This being a privileged ques-
tion, I take it that it will come up in the morning
hour, and the gentleman from Virginia, and others,
will have time to look into the question, for it ia
an important one.
Mr. BAYLY. I do not want to look into it, I
understand it now.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I thought the gentleman
expressed some doubt as to the extent of our
power.
Mr. BAYLY. No, sir, I beg your pardon. I
expressed no doubt.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My object is to terminate
this debate, for the present, by moving to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. Will the gentleman allow me to submit
such a motion ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I would say to the
House that there are some matters which it is im-
portant to attend to before going into committee,
this being Monday. I have a proposition to sub-
mit, to set apart some days for the consideration
of Territorial business. It has not been yet done.
It has been usual to do it before this period of the
session. I desire to submit that motion to-day,
because then if it is objected to, I can move to
suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Virginia yield to the gentleman from Illinois?
Mr. BAYLY. No, sir. I will say to the
House at once, that I want no time for consider-
ation upon a question of this sort, for I think I
understand it. But I am told that my friend from
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] wishes the floor in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and that other gentlemen
also, desire to speak, and that there is but little
time left. X will, therefore, yield the floor with
the understanding that I retain it for to-morrow
morning.
