1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
its existence, the vituperation of the country press
has been levelled.
His friends here, many of them, had entered
into I lie discussion of the question with intense
excitement. They beheld in this new order
nothing sood, but some shadowed giant, some
fabuhuia Hercules, some "raw head and bloody
bones," some mysterious destroyer, some lion en-
dowed with voracious appetite, going about seek-
ing whom it may aevour. He had not been able
to discern anything of this character.
So far as is known, this new party consists of,
not exactly Cannibals, but free-born American
citizens. Such an association is not more danger-
ous than a mixed association of natives and
foreigners.
He assumed that such an association of native
Americans could have nothing at heart but the
glory, honor, and welfare of the country. They
had but one object, and that was the purification
of the baliot-box. This embraces the whole doc-
trine. He had no doubt they desire to exclude
Catholics, not alone because they are Catholics,
but because Roman Catholicism is so intimately
connected with foreignerism that it is impossible
to separate them. They would ha?e to take the
whole, or exclude the whole.
He proposed to take the thing by the roots.
His first proposition was, no emigrant should be
allowed to leave the ship he comes in until he
renounces his allegiance to all foreign Powers, and
swears bona fide to become an inhabitant of the
United States, and this information shall be com-
municated to him by the captain of the ship before
he takes passage.
Secondly, no emigrant shall be allowed to land
until he produces a passport from the proper au-
thorities of the United Spates resident of the coun-
try from which he comes; which passport shall
embrace the requirements in the first proposition.
Thirdly, our consuls, or such other officers as
eha'l be appointed for the purpose, shall be in-
structed to give a passport to no person unless he
be of sound health and mind, and of good charac-
ter for honesty and sobriety, certifying that the
applicant has never been convicted of crime, and
shall refuse passports to all notoriously seditious
and rebellious persons, and paupers.
Fourthly, the naturalization laws to be so far
repealed as to prevent all foreigners from voting
who have not become naturalized, or who have
not taken steps to become naturalized; provided
all boys under the age of ten years shall, on be-
coming twenty-one, be considered citizens in
every respect.
Mr. Smith then proceeded to speak in terms of
reprobation of the conduct of Kossuth, Kmkle,
Mazzini, and other such characters. The dis-
claimer of Mr. Chandler, he said, amounted to
nothing, as to tho assumed temporal power of the
Pope and the Church. He then proceeded to
defend the secrecy observed by the Know-Noth-
ings, and, in this connection, again referred to
Mr. CHA"NDLER, who asked, Do I under-
stand the gentleman as saying that 1 opposed that
society ?
Mr. SMITH replied in the affirmative.
Mr. CHANDLER said he would scorn to op-
pose a society of which not a gentleman in t\\£
House had dared to avow himself a member.
Mr. SMITH said the sentiment was not more
full of Jesuitism than the gentleman's speech.
The only retaliation he could make was to recom-
mend the gentleman to read his own speech.
In conclusion, he further defended the doctrine
of the Know-Nothings.
[The speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. HAMILTON, being oneof the select com-
mittee to which was referred the question of the
Pacific railroad, called the attention of the com-
mittee to the bill now before it for that purpose.
He believed the proposed appropriation to be un-
warranted by the Constitution; but, if warranted
by it, it would be most dangerous for Congress to
establish the proposed roads. No one having
regard to the Constitution could sanction the pas-
sage of the bill. He showed the vast amount of
land to he appropriated, and the millions of money
required to carry the plan into effect. He exam-
ined the hill in all its details, commenting thereon
until the expiration of the hour to which he was
limited in debate.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. BENTON obtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I move that
the committee do now rise.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee (Mr Orr) reported that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had had
under consideration the Pacific railroad bill, as
the special order, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
HOUR OP MEETING.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
that, as debate on this subject closes to-morrow at
one o'clock, the House may, by unanimous con-
sent, meet at eleven o'clock.
[Cries of " Yes!" " Yes!"]
Mr. JONTES. It will take some little time to
get through some morning business; and then we
can go into committee in time for the gentleman
who has the floor [Mr. Benton] to make his
speech before the hour for the termination of de-
bate arrives. This is entirely agreeable to the
gentleman who has the floor; and I have no doubt
it will be so to the House, i hope there will be no
objection.
Mr. WITTE. Iohject.
Mr JONES. Then I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of submitting the motion
which I have indicated.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
Mr. JONES. I now move that when this
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet at eleven
o'clock to-morrow morning.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
INTRODUCTION OP A BILL.
Mr. HAVEN. Although it is late, still I want
to present for reference a lull, of which previous
notice has been given, because it may be acted
upon to-morrow morning.
The bill was accordingly read a first and second
fime by its title, as follows, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce:
An act to provide for the navigation of the St.
Chur river, in the State of Michigan.
Mr, FLORENCE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House thereupon, at nine o'clock and ten
minutes, p. m., adjourned to to-morrow at eleven
o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 1G, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives
announced the ptgning, by the Speaker, of the
enrolled bill for the jeliefof the executor ofThomas
Wishart; which was thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore.
DIPLOMATIC APPOINTMENTS.
The PRESIDENT pro Umjiort laid before the
Senate a message from the Presidentof the United
States, transmitting, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 3d instant, a statement of
the names of the ministers, chargc d'affaires, and
the secretaries of legation, of the United States,
appointed since March 4, 1849, together with the
dates of their commissions, the time of the com-
mencement of their compensation, of their depart-
ure for their posts, and of their entering upon their
official duties thereat.
Mr. BRODIIEAD. As this message has been
sent to us m answer to a resolution submitted by
me, for the purpose of getting information which
would enable us to properly consider and act
upon the bill for remodeling the diplomatic and
consular system of the United States, which, 1
hope, wiU reach the Senate in a few days, 1 move
that it be printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
VETERANS OF THE WAR OF J8tS.
Mr. SEWARD, Mr. President, my voice,
this morning, is not for war, but to utter an appeal
to the justice and gratitude of the country, made
by those who have illustrated their lives b  deeds
in the military service, in the wbfs which have
contributed to establish the liberties and inde-
pendence of the country. I havts before me the
memorial of the-eurviving officers and soldiers of
the war of 1812, and 1 am requested by the officers
of the convention of the veterans of that war, held
in this city last week, to present their memorial
to Congress. I present, therefore, a memorial
signed by Brigadier General Hugh Dobbin, Brig-
adier General J. M. N. Hurd, two hundred and
fifty captains, and one thousand four hundred and
sixty subordinate officers and privates in the army
of the United States during the war of 1812, pray-
ing for relief from the sufferings which they are
enduring by reason of the incompetency of the
laws designed by Congress to provide lor them
a proper support in their old age.
This petition is also accompanied by the memo-
rial of eighty-three Indians, who were engage'! in
the serviceof the United States in the war of 1812,
praying also for relief in their behalf. Probably
it was the last case in which the native American
warriors of this continent, of the aboriginal race,
will ever be found enlisted for, or against, the
liberties of the United S'ates, as such.
i am also requested to present the petition of
one thousand six hundred citizens of the United
States, snnportine: the same applications.
The PRESIDENT. What disposition does
the Senator wish to make of them?
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to have them all re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
The PRESIDENT. They will be so referred.
Mr. SEWARD. I present,also, thepetition of
the Hon. S. D. Yanderzeeand other citizens ot the
United States, for the same object, and ask for
it the same reference.
It was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. PEARCE presented additional papers in
the case of Robert M. Hamilton, United S'ates
consul at Montevideo, praying compensation for
diplomatic services; which, together with the
papers on file in relation to the same claim, was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of occupants of
lands on Giand Traverse bay, in Michigan, pray-
ing to be protected in their titles to those lands
purchased by them from the Indians; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. TOOMBS presented seven memorials of
citizens of the District of Columbia, praying the
passage, by the Senate, of the bill of the House
of Representatives to reorganize the courts of
the District of Columbia, and to reform the laws
thereof; which were referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. BELL presented the memorial of W. H.
Kennon, praying to be allowed the difference of
pay between that of a purser on board of a sloop-
of-war, and on board of a frigate, for the time he
acted as purser on the steam-frigate Mississippi;
which was teferred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the memorial
of James W. Schaum'-urg,claiming to be a com-
missioned officer in the first regiment of dragoons*
praying to bellowed the undrawn pay an# emol-
uments attached to the several grades to which he
was entitled by regular promotion, withheld from
him, as he alleges, by an arbitrary and unjust
exclusion from the service; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, a petition of solicitors and attorneys of
Dubuque, iowa, in favor of Mr. Doug as's
proposition to amend and modify the judicial
system of the United States; which was ordered
to he on the table.
Also, the petition of Edmund H. McCabe,
praying permission to enter lands equal in amount
to those belonging to him which were illegally sold
by the United States; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Also, a memorial of Lawrence Talliaferro, an
officer wounded in the war of 1812, praying to be
allowed a pension; which was relerred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Also, a memorial of citizens of the District of
Columbia, stating that they cordially approve the
bill for reorganizing the courts in the District of
