266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Columbia, and to reform and improve the laws
thereof, passed in the House of Representatives,
and praying that it may pass the Senate and be-
come a law; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition of
Mrs. Joanna McNamara, widow of Daniel Mc-
Namara, whose husband was killed while in the
service of the United States, by the falling of the
chain bridge over the Potomac river, above
Georgetown, District of Columbia, praying to be
allowed such relief as Congress may see fit, under
the circumstances; which was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Also, a petition, signed by inhabitants of Wau-
kon, Alamakee county, Iowa, asking the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Horden to Waukon,
to pass through the town of Franklin, Iowa; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSON. I present the petition of L.
C. Blakemore, the register of the land office at
Fayetteville, Arkansas, and of D. W. C. Yell, the
receiver of the public moneys at the same place,
praying to be allowed the same per centum on the
sates of the public lands as was allowed them pre-
vious to the passage of the act of August 4,1854.
As a general bill granting relief in all such cat*es
has already been passed by the Senate, I move
that this petition be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BfJTLER presented the petition of H. Y.
Gray, praying remuneration for services rendered
by him as clerk of the United States courts for the
district of South Carolina, the services having
been required under a resolution of the House of
Representatives; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial of master
boat-builders, of New York, praying that pas-
senger vessels may be required to carry Captain
Thomas's life car; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Also, (he petition of Thomas II. Bingham, son
of Ralph Bingham, a revolutionary soldier, pray-
ing: remuneration for theservicesof his late father,
and for the depreciation of the currency in which
his pension was paid; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the petition of Margaret Williams and
Maria Wendell, children and heirs-at-law of Jacob
H. Wendell, deceased, praying to be allowed the
half-pay due their hue father as a lieutenant m the
Army of the Revolution; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claima.
Mr. SQIfCLDS presented the petition of Ed-
mund H. MoCahr, prayii'g to he reinstated in the
possession of certain lands improperly sold by the
United States; which was referred to theCommit-
tee on Private Land Claims.
Also, the memorial of Lieutenant J. G. Denton,
an officer of the United States Army, praying
relief from an amount due on account of ordnance
stores supplied to Parker II. Prcnch and a com-
pany of emigrants to California; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military A flairs.
Also, the petition of Brevet Major James Long-
street, of the United States Army, praying to 1>e
released from responsibility for certain United
States subsistence stores obtained from him by a
party emigrating to California, through fraud;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Also, the petition of Brevet Major E B Bab-
bitt, praying to be released from responsibility for
certain United States quartermaster's stores which
were obtained from him by a party emigrating to
California, through fraud; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
report recommitted.
On motion by Mr. BRODOEAD, the adverse
report of the Committee on Pensions, on the peti-
tion of George Felker, was recommitted to the
Committee on Pensions.
message from the house.
A message was received from the House of]
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, j
announcing that they had passed the joint reso- |
lution of the Senate providing for the engraving, ;
lithographing, and publishing of drawings, maps, j
charts, or other papers for Congress. |
david b. sears. j
The message also announced that they had ■
passed the bill of the Senate to authorize the sale
of Rock Island, in the State of Illinois, and for
other purposes, with an amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS. I ask that the amendment of
the House may be acted on at once. It is simply
to change the title, which the Senate inadvertently
omitted to do.
The amendment, which was to amend the title
of the bill so as to read " A bill for the relief of
David B. Sears," was concurred in.
reports from standing committees.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives for the relief of L. R.
Lyon, and Dean S. Howard, of the State of New
York, reported it back without amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of Charles McCormick, an assistant surgeon in
the Army, praying to be allowed a percentage on
money diebuised by him under the act of March
2, 1847, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for his relief, which was read, and passed to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
llealso, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the bill from the House of Represent-
atives for the relief of John H. King, reported
adversely thereon.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill of the House of
Representatives for the relief of Anna E. Cook,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to. He also submitted
an adverse report on the case, which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the memorial of Jane Moore, widow of
Stephen A. Moore, who was wounded in the
battle of Little York, in the last war with Great
Britain, praying a pension, submitted an adveise
report thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of W. J. Grayson,
praying a commission on money received and
paid by him, on account of the ne v custom-
house at Charleston, South Carolina, submitted
an adverse report thereon; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was leferred the bill of the
House of Representatives, making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty stipu-
lations with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, 1K1G, reported it back with sun-
dry amendments.
mauuy's wind and current charts.
Mr. MALLORY .submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and ngreed to:
Rrmitrd, Thai the Committer on Naval AflUirs be in-
structed to inquire and leport as to the value to commerce
and navigation, ol Maury's wind and cmreut eharN, and
upon the itisiuo rind llio expediency of making suitable
remuneration therelor.
allen's mail bags.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution;
which w;\m considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Ilesolvt'd, That the Committee on the Post Office and Po^t
Roads be in.slrueied to inquire into the expediency of mtio-
liueiijij into Uit; mail M'rvioe Allen's air and water-tight
mail bag*, in Uio place ot tbo^e now used.
bill introduced.
Mr. FESSENDEN asked and obtained the
unanimous consent of the Senate to introduce a !
bill making appropriations for the continuation j
and repair of certain public works in the State of !
Maine, heretofore commenced under the authority j
of law; which was read twice by its title. j
internal improvements. I
Mr. CASS. I desire to call the attention of the !
Senate to the fact that some two weeks since, the !
honorable Senator from Louisiana, who is not now
in bis seat, [Mr. Slidell,] moved that the Senate
take up for consideration his bill providing for the
improvement of the mouth of the Mississippi, and
it was assigned as the order of the day for last
week on Tuesday, When that day came, it was
passed by, owing to the press of other business.
At the time when he made that motion I gave
notice that when that subject was considered, I
should ask the Senate to act upon the bill, reported
from the Committee on Commerce, for the im-
provement of the flats of the St. Clair river, a
vastly important improvement to the whole lake
country. I think the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Dodge] gave notice of his intention to call up a
bill providing for a similar improvement on the
Upper Mississippi. Now, the honorable Senator
from Louisiana is not here; I do not know when
he will be enabled to return, and the session is
passing away. I am exceedingly desirous myself
that the bill to which I have referred should be
disposed of. Still, I do not wish to claim any pre-
cedence for it over the other matter, if the honor-
able Senator from Louisiana, now in his seat, [Mr.
Benjamin,] chooses to go on with the bill of his
colleague, and ask us to take it up for considera-
tion. I will not press my bill in preference to
that; but if he does not, I shall then ask the Sen-
ate, in the first instance, to take up the bill to
which I have referred.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That special order had
not escaped my attention, butithad been brought
to the notice of the Senate by my colleague, who
is temporarily absent, and I was desirous of
awaiting his return; but if the motion of the
Senator from Michigan is to prevail, and that
class of bills is to be taken up, then I should as-
sume the responsibility of acting in the place of
my colleague, and ask that this bill be taken up
first m order, so as to avoid all risk of having it
lost. If it be the pleasure of the Senate to fix
some other day for the disposition of these bills
m relation to internal improvements, I shall move
to that effect, for such a day as may meet the
convenience of members. I would ask the Sen-
ator from Michigan on what day he proposes to
take up these bills ?
Mr. CASS. I do not know how it may inter-
fere with the business of the Senate, but I should
like to have Monday next assigned for them.
Mr. SHIELDS. Forali?
Mr. CASS. The bill of the Senator fromLouis-
iana is the only one for which a positive order
has been made; the others will follow in succes-
sion. I now move that the bill reported by the
honorable Senator from Louisiana, with respect
to the improvement of the mouth of the Missis-
sippi, and the two bills to which I have referred—
reported by the Committee on Commerce—one
for the improvement of the navigation of the flats
of the St. Clair, and the other for the removal of
the Des Moines rapids—be made the order 01"
the day for Monday next.
Mr. BADGER. I suggest to my friend from
Michigan that that cannot be done without taking
up the bills. The first motion is to take them up.
Mr. CASS. 1 move to take them up.
Mr. SHIELDS. There are other bills of the
same character, which I shall call up at the same
time, as they stand precisely on the same prin-
ciple. ,,
The motion to take up the bills was agreed to.
Mr. CASS. I now move that these bills be
postponed to, and made the special order of the
day for, Monday next.
Mr. SHIELDS. All the internal improvement
bills'
Mr. BENJAMIN. In the order in which they
now stand on the Calendar.
Mr. BUTLER. I must, interpose, and say that
it is not probable that, by that time, we shall get
through with the judiciary bill, on which we have
been at work. If we shall not dispose of it by
that time, I must insist on its having the prefer-
ence.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let me suggest to the Sen-
ator from Michigan that we make these bills the
order of the day for Wednesday next, instead of
Monday. I am afraid the judiciary bill will push
us over again on Monday.
Mr. CASS. That being the state of the case,I
have no objection to naming Wednesday.
Mr. HUNTER. Allow me to suggest, that it
would be better to fix on two weeks from to-mor-
row. There are several appropriation bills which
will require to be acted on during the next week,
and which it will be desirable to get out of the way
of other business.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My impression is, that
these bills will take no time at all. They have
been already discussed in the Senate, and I do not
presume that there is a gentleman here who desires
