1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
to dehate them farther. They will be passed or
rejected, by a vote, without debate, I have no
idea that any one wishes to debate the question
involved in them.
Mr. Cass's motion was agreed to; and all the
bills on the Calendar making appropriations for
the improvement of rivers and harbors were post-
poned to, and made the special order of the day
for, Wednesday, the 24th instant.
RAILROAD IRON DUTIES.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to ask the
Senate to take up the bill granting to railroad com-
panies three years in which to pay the duties on
iron imported for railroad purposes, for the pur-
pose of having it made the special order for a day
which seems to be acceptable to the gentlemen
with whom I have conversed on the subject. If it
be important to pass the bill at all, the sooner it is
done the better. I move to take it up for the pur-
pose which I have indicated.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill.
Mr. JONES. I now move that the bill be post-
poned to Friday, and made the special order for
that day. I name it, because I learn that it is a
day which will be acceptable to most Senators.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I wish to inquire of my
honorable friend from Tennessee whether this bill
has been considered by one of the standing com-
mittees of the body ?
Mr. JONES. It has been before theCommitttee
on Finance, who have reported adversely to it.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to inquire whether
Friday is not appropriated by the rules to the con-
sideration of private bills ? There are, on the Cal-
endar, a large number of private bills, which ought
to be disposed of. Many of them are meritorious
claims, and ought to be passed promptly; and all
of them should be acted on. I should be willing
to make this bill the special order for Friday, if
that day was not required to be devoted to private
bills.
The PRESIDENT. The order setting apart
Friday for private bills was made at the last ses-
sion, and expired with that session. No order has
been made on the subject at the oresent session.
Mr. WELLER. Then I give notice that I
shall, to-morrow, introduce a rule setting apart
Fridays and Saturdays for the consideration of
the Private Calendar, and I ask that the notice be
entered on the Journal.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion made by the Senator from Tennessee, to
postpone the further consideration of the bill be-
fore the Senate until Friday next, and make it the
special order for that day.
The motion was agreed to.
CONGRESSIONAL AND JUDICIAL COMPENSA-
TION.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the bill to increase the compensation of
Judges of the Supreme Court and members of both
Houses of Congress.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I believe that, when
this bill was last under consideration, I moved to
strike out so much of it as relates to the compen-
sation of Senators and members of the House of
Representatives. I ask now to be allowed to mod-
ify my motion, so as to strike out the same words,
and insert in place of them the following:
And that, in lieu of the per diem and mileage compen-
sation now paid to Senators and members of the House of
Representatives, there be allowed, and paid to such Sena-
tors and members, an annual salary of $2,500.
The PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays having
been ordered on the original amendment of the
Senator from Iowa, it will require unanimous con-
sent to allow it to be modified as proposed.
Mr. BADGER. Allow me, sir, though it is
not material, here to say that the late Presiding
Officer of the Senate, and late Vice President of
the United States, [Mr. King,] distinctly decided
on that provision in the rule of the Senate, that it
does not require unanimous consent to withdraw
or modify an amendment after the yeas and nays
have been ordered; but that it can be done by leave
of the Senate. That is the rule, and 1 know it was
so decided.
Mr. SHIELDS. If the proposition be as I
understand it to be, the first vote will be on striking
out.
The PRESIDENT. The yeaa and nays have
been ordered on that question.
Mr. SHIELDS. And then the next question
will be, whether we shall insert what has been sent
to the Chair by the honorable Senatorfrom Iowa.
Now, 1 shall vote to strike out, but I am against
inserting the provision proposed by the Senator,
and, therefore, if it requires unanimous consent to
receive this amendment, I object to it.
Mr. BADGER. If the Secretary will read the
modified rule upon this subject, which authorizes
the mover of a resolution or motion to withdraw
it, I will then explain, in a very few words, what
was decided by Mr. Vice President King.
The PRESIDENT. All difficulty can be ob-
viated by putting the question as to whether the
Senator from Iowa shall leave to withdraw
his original amendment. v4f:'
The question was put; and leave was granted.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I now offer the amend-
ment which I before indicated, to strike out that
part of the bill relating to members of Congress,
and insert what has been read.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to ask whether this
amendment is not susceptible of division. Can
we not first vote to strike out, and not have a vote
upon striking out and inserting at the same time?
We might be willing to strike out the words, but
not to insert those proposed by the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. BADGER. Let me appeal to my friend
from Iowa to allow his original amendment to be
put, to strike out this provision, because there
are many Senators who would vote to strike it
out, who would not be prepared to vote for the
particular substitute which he has now offered;
and there are many Senators who might be will-
ing to strike this out, with the view of inserting
another substitute. As the rule of the Senate
forbids the division of a question on a motion to
strike out and insert, I submit to him, as the
easiest method of allowing us to get at the ques-
tion, to withdraw this amendment, and offer his
original one.
Mr. DODGE. For the consideration sug-
gested by the Senator from North Carolina, I do
it with great pleasure.
The PRESIDENT. Then the question will be
on the original amendment of the Senator from
Iowa, to strike out the words "and upon the per
diem compensation of Senators, Representatives,
and Delegates in Congress now allowed by law."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 16; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bell, Brainerd, Bright, Brod-
liead, Cass, Clayton, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
i^essenden, Foot, Gillette, Hunter, Johnson, Jones of
Tennessee, Rockwell, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Sumner.
Toombs, Toucey, Wade, and Weller—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Badger, Benjamin,
Brown, Butler, Chase, Clay, Evans, Geyer, Jones of Iowa,
Mallory, Mason, Reid, and Thompson of Kentucky—1G.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GEYER. I move to strike out of the bill
all that remains after the word " that," and insert
the following:
Prom and after the passage of this act, the annual salaries
of the several Justices of the Supreme Court of the United
States, of the several judges of the district courts of the
United States, shall be as follows, to wit:
Of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, seven thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
Of the Associate Justices of the Supreme Court, seven
thousand dollars each.
The judges of the districts of Connecticut, western dis-
trict of Pennsylvania, northern distiict of New York,
Maryland, westein district of Virginia, western district of
Louisiana, North Carolina, Georgia, Texas, Illinois, Mich-
igan, and Wisconsin, to be twenty-five hundred dollars
each.
The judges of the districts of Alabama, eastern district of
Virginia, South Carolina, Missouri, and districts of Missis-
sippi, to be three thousand dolla s each.
The judges of ihe northern <i, -ict of Florida, and the
districts of Arkansas, to be two thousand dollars each.
The judges of the districts of Iowa, Rhode Island, Dela-
ware, Kentucky, and Indiana, to be fifteen hundred dollars
each.
The judge of the districts of Massachusetts, eastern dis-
trict of Pennsylvania, and southern district of Florida, to
be three thousand five hundred dollars each.
The judge of the southern district of New York, and
the southern district of California, to be four thousand dol-
lars each.
The judge of the district of Maine, eighteen hundred
dollars.
The judge of the district of New Hampshire, fourteen
hundred dollars.
Tiie judge of the district of Vermont, thirteen hundred
and seventy-five dollars.
The judge of the district of New Jersey, twenty-one
hundred dollars.
The judge of the eastern district of Louisiana, five thou-
sand dollars.
The judge of the districts of Tennessee, eighteen hun-
dred dollars.
The judge of the northern district of California, eight
thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be ii further enacted, That the salary of the
judge of the orphans' court of the district of Columbia be.
and the same is hereby, increased to two thousand dollars
per annum.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all acts or parts
of acts inconsistent with this act be, and the same are
hereby, repealed.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will ask the honorable
Senator from Missouri on what ground it is that
he has fixed the compensation of the district
judges of the different States? 1 desire to ask him
on what principle he computes the salary of the
district judges of the northern district of Florida,
and the districts of Arkansas, at $2,000 each,
while $2,500, $3,000, and $5,000, are given to the
district judges in other States? 1 would call hia
special attention to this fact, in regard to the State
of Arkansas. The services rendered by the dis-
trict judge there are peculiarly onerous. There
are two district courts held there. The jurisdic-
tion of the district court is not confined to the
State of Arkansas alone, but extends to the' Indian
country, west of Arkansas, comprising a country
almost twice as large as that, State itself. The
jurisdiction over that is given to the district court,
and it is called the western district of the State of
Arkansas. In addition to that, there was con-
ferred upon the district judge of that court, circuit
court powers. They are to be discharged also,
which renders the duties at that point, as I said
before, peculiarly onerous.
Ill addition to that, sir, we have this state of
facts, with which the Senate is familiar, that no
Judge of the Supreme Court of the United States,
in the performance of circuit duties, goes to that
State at all. The consequence is that the judge
of the eastern district court has again heavy
duties to perform; and, if you pay according to
the amount of service rendered, or to be rendered,
you will find that his pay, under any just scale,
ought to be raised as high as any other circuit or
district judge within the United States.
These are the simple facts. In the amendment,
this judge is rated at $2,000. That is entirely
wrong. I believe, though, it would have been
better, in acting upon this bill, if the Senator had
left out that portion of it, (though I shall make
no motion to strike it out,) and attempted to reg-
ulate the salaries of the judges by another bill,
which is now before the body. I must, however,
protest against that portion of the amendment, and
if it is adhered to, believing the salary of the dis-
trict judge of that State, at $2,000, to be entirely
too little, I shall be obliged to move an amendment;
and if that is not granted, 1 shall be compelled to
vote against the whole bill.
Mr. FOOT. I move to amend the amendment
in the clause: " The judge of the district of Ver-
mont, $1,375," by striking out " 1,375," and in-
serting " 1,500." I will state that I understand
the Committee on the Judiciary took as the basis
of their computation, for the sums which ought
to be allowed the district judges, the sums, paid
by the several States to thejudges of their supreme
court. One thousand three hundred and seventy-
five dollars has been the salary heretofore paid
to the judges of the supreme court of the State
of Vermont; but the Legislature, at its last ses-
sion, raised it from $1,375 to $1,500. Therefore,
to carry out the principle adopted by the com-
mittee, as the basis of computation, I move to
strike out " 1,375," and insert in lieu thereof
" 1,500."
Mr. TOOMBS. I reported, from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, the bill which my friend
from Missouri has offered as an amendment, and
I will state, in a few words, the principle upon
which the Committee proceeded in fixing these
salaries. The salary of the district judge of Ar-
kansas is just where we found it. I< is an excep-
tion to the principle; but it was beyond the local
salaries of that State, and we had not power to
reduce it. W e found it above, but it could not
be reduced to that standard.
The committee found it a matter of very great
difficulty to agree upon what should be the sala-
ries of the district judges residing in different por-
tions of the Union, as they ought to be regulated by
the different costs of living, the different amounts
of labor, and the different prices of that kind of
