1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
the district and circuit courts of the United States.
For this reason, the district court in Rhode Is-
land has a great deal of business. I move, there-
fore, to strike out $1,500, and insert $2,200, as
he salary of the district judge of Rhode island.
The amount now named in this proposition is not
equal to the pay of the other judges of the State.
_ Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, I did not de-
sign to make any proposition to amend this meas-
ure, as I understand from my colleague, [Mr.
Toombs,] the member of the Committee on the
Judiciary who reported it, that the salaries of the
district judges of the United States were to be reg-
ulated by the amount of salaries received by the
highest judicial officers in the respective States.
I am willing to adopt' that principle. I have no
idea myself of holding out an inducement on the
part of the General Government to take the best
talents of the States and transfer them to the ser-
vice of the General Government. The people of
the States know best what the services of their
highest judicial officers are worth, and they regu-
late the salaries accordingly.
My friend from Maine has had an amendment
made increasing the salary of the district judge in
his State to $2,500, upon the ground that the pres-
ent salary was fixed twenty years ago; and yet,
that Senator this morning voted to strike out the
proposed increase of compensation to members of
Congress, which was regulated thirty-seven years
ago. Pie is unwilling to change our compensation,
although he is willing to increase the salaries of
the judges. The same remark, I believe, is true
of other gentlemen who have moved amendments.
Now, sir, the principle which we all ought to
regard in tins matter, is to stand firm in favor of
the States, and to recollect that our awn people,
in the respective States, are entitled to the best
talent which each State has, in order to decide
jpon their rights, and not suffer the General |
Government, because it has more money, to in-
crease the salaries, and thereby transfer the best
talent from the States to the General Government.
As this principle has been violated, I shall move |
to strike out §'2,500, and insert $3,000, as the '
salary of the district judge for Georgia. The
State of Georgia has sixty thousand square miles
of territory, and there are two places for holding
the distiict couits, more than tinee hundred miles j
apart, to each of which the judge has to travel
twice a year. I was unwilling, as a State-rights
man, to hold out to that judge a higher salary
than is given to the judges of the supreme court
of the State of Georgia; and hence I was prepared
to abide by the salary recommended by the
committee; but as a majority of this body have
changed the principle, 1 notify the Senate, that
I shall move to strike out§2,500 and insert $3,000,
as the salary of the district judge of Georgia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment proposed by the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island.
Mr. ALLEN. I will modify my motion by
proposing to strike out " Rhode Island," where
the word at present occurs, and insert it imme-
diately after " New Jersey," so as to read, " the i
judges of the distnetsof New Jersey and of Rhode
island, $2,100"
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. On the same ground I pro-
pose to strike out, where they now occur, the J
words " northern distnet of New York," and {
insert the same words after "eastern district of!
Virginia;" so that it will have the effect to make j
the salary of the judge of that district §3,000, in- j
stead of 42,500. I need not detain the Senate with |
a statement of the reasons on which I propose this !
amendment. This judge has a very extensiveju-
risdiction, and very laborious duties for the whole ,
year. Besides holding his courts, and attending ;
to his duties in his own district, he goes to relieve J
the judge of the southern district of New York j
also; and to my knowledge, is holding courts there |
for a quaiteror perhaps half the year. 1 met him I
there the other day. The salary of the judge of
the southern district, is fixed at §1,000 by this
proposition. That is all right. But the salary of |
the judge of the northern district ought surely to
be increastd.
Mr BADGER. I wish merely to state, in
consequence of the remarks of my friend from
Georgia, [Mr. Dawson,] that I do not think the
principle on which this measure was reported, is
at all interfered with by the amendments which
have been made. My friend from Georgia, who
reported it, [Mr. Toombs,] has stated that the
principle which the committee adopted was that
of making these salaries correspond to the salaries
of the judges of the highest State courts, but that
there were certain exceptional cases; and, so far
as they were known to the committee, the com-
mittee provided for those cases; and, on particular
grounds, made the salary of the district judges, in
those cases, higher than the salary of the State
judges. Now, all that has been dune since the
measure has been before the Senate, is to provide
for one or two exceptional cases, which were not
within the knowledge of the committee. Take,
for example, the case in regard to the distiict
judge of Maryland, where an amendment was
made on the motion of my friend from Maryland,
i recollect very well, that when a vacancy occurred
in that office, during Mr. Fillmore's administra-
tion, and he had to appoint a successor to the
gentleman who had died, he thought it so im-
portant that that judicial officer should be always
in the city of Baltimore, that he required an as-
surance from the gentleman whom he appointed,
that he would reside in Baltimore. Now, if a gen-
tleman is obliged to reside in such a city as Balti-
more, if he is obliged to remain there the whole
year, for the.purpose of attending to judicial busi-
ness, arid transacting an immense amount of busi-
ness, it will be seen at once that it is a reason lor
vaiymg from the rule which applies to the State
judges, who are under no such necessity. So it is
in regard to the motion made by the Senator from
New York. The district judge of the northern
district, residing in Buffalo, arid discharging an
immense amount of duty there, and called for
three, or four, or five weeks, in the course of the
year to relieve the judge of the southern district
court in the city of New Vork—duties not imposed
on the State judges—will stnke everyone as fur-
nishing another exception. I do not consider these
as vanation.s from tiie principle, but as calling the
attention of the Senate to certain exceptional cases,
which were not within the knowledge of the com-
mittee.
Mr. CASS. I desire to vote for this bill if I
can. I think the salaries of the Judges of the Su-
preme Court are at present too low, and the sala-
ries of some of the district judges are too low; but
it is evident that here is a contest for increasing
the salaries of judges all over the Union. 1 am
willing to take the measure as reported by the
committee, but I say to its friends that there is
great danger of overloading it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment submitted by the Senator
from New York.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. I now move to strike out the
word " Georgia " from the $2,500 classification of
salaries, and insert it in the $3,000 classification
after " Virginia."
Mr. BOILER. Let it be after South Carolina.
Mr. DAWSON. 'Well, 1 will move to insert it
after " South Carolina," and 1 will say to my
friend from North Carolina that my colleague, who
reported this measure, intended to fouud it on the
principle which I have stated; otherwise he would
have proposed to change the salary of the district
judge of Georgia. If lie will not say now that if
the salary of any judge should be raised, that of
the district judge in Ueorgia should be increased,
I will yield the point. The only ground upon
which he refused to report it, was that he did not
wish to violate the principle; but he has suggested
to me thut as that principle has been violated, it
would be proper to propose to increase the com-
pensation of the district judge for Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think it one of the most
meritorious cases.
Mi. DAWSON. As my colleague says, it is
one of the most meritorious cases m the bill; and
as Georgia is called the "Empire State of the
South," it ought to be put upon an equal footing
with South Carolina.
Mr. CADGER. We are all for it.
Mr. DAWSON. Then i submit the amend-
ment.
Mr. BUTLER. If my friend, the Senator
from Georgia, will recognize the historical truth,
that his is the Empire State compared with the
nation of South Carolina, I will take his amend-
ment. [Laughter.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I have called
attention, on previous occasions, to the case of the
district judge in the State which I have the honor
to represent in part. I now move to strike out
from the $2,000 classification the words "and
the districts of Arkansas" and to insert those
words in the $2,500 classification, so as to allow
a salary of $2,500 to the district judge for Arkan-
sas. There are some peculiar circumstances in
this case which I will bring to the attention of the
Senate.
At the time the present district judge was ap-
pointed, and in fact from the first organization of
a United States district court in Arkansas, $2,000
has been the salary of the judge. When the pres-
ent judge was appointed, his duties consisted
merely of holding one district court, and a circuit
court, in conjunction with a Judge of the Supreme
Court assigned for the circuit, at one point within
the State. Since then, and while he has been
upon the bench, which l.as not been very many
years, the district has been divided, and a portion
of the State laying on the western border, together
with the Indian territory west of the State of
Arkansas, has been set off into a new district,
called the western distiict of Arkansas. It is made
imperative on this judge to hold court in the east-
ern district, and also m the western district. He
has to hold courts at two different places,-moie
than one hundred and fifty miles apart; and, in
regard to the Indian country west of Arkansas,
the powers of the court have been enlarged to
those of a circuit court, and the duties have; of
course, been much-more laborious than they were
before that division.
1 will not say there are gentlemen here who
stickle on constitutional questions, for that would
not be a respectful term, but certainly there are
those who will hang very closely upon any ques-
tion which involves the sanctity of the Constitu-
tion of the country Now, let me ask those
gentlemen one question. The Constitution ex-
pressly provides that thejudges of the United States
shall "receive for their services a compensation
which shall not be diminished during their con-
tinuance in office." This was designed to prevent
their being legislated out of office, by being starved
out. Now, let me ask what is the difference be-
tween reducing compensation directly, and so
changing the du ties of a judge by increasing the
number of districts over which he shall preside,
as practically to legislate him out of office by im-
posing upon him duties which he cannot perform
for the salary given him? You may put a man
out of office by abolishing the office itself; but
even that ts^considered, by some gentlemen here,
whose opinions are entitled to the highest respect,
as an unconstitutional mode of proceeding. To
reduce the salaries of the judges of the United
States, is directly in the teeth of the Constitution.
Then, how is it that you proceed to increase the
duties of a court by adding additional districts,
and imposing onerous extra duties, which have a
tendency in the same direciion ? What diffeience
is it, I say, to the individual who may be called
upon to discharge the duties, whether he is legis-
lated out of office by the Congress of the United
States, by the reduction of his salary, or by an
increase of his duties?
Sir, this is the attitude in which this matter
now stands: The duties of the district judge in
Arkansas are now about four times greater than
they were at the time the present judge was ap-
pointed. He asks that Congress will consider
that fact; and I ask, under these circumstances,
that the addition may be made, because the salary
is now too small; it is inadequate to theexpenses.
It is not sufficient compensation for a lawyer of
the class required, to hold two district courts and
a circuit court in one district, which embraces all
the Indian tribes west of Arkansas, ar.d thousands
of white men who are amongst them, to take cog-
nizance of all the offences committed in that large
extent of country. I think, sir, that the salary
ought to be enlarged at least $500, and then the
compensation will be extremely moderate. I trust
the Senate will agree to this small amendment.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I perceive that
the salary of the district judse for the Sta'e of
Texas, is fixed at $2,500 by this proposition. The
rule laid down by the -committee, it seems to me,
does not apply in all cases. It is true, that when
the duties required of a United States judge are
