270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
about the same as those required of a State judge,
in the same State, there ought not to be any dis-
tinction between the salaries of the two judges.
So far as the service performed comes within
that rule, it is a very good one; but in many cases
the services performed by the State judges, are
not one fourth as much as those performed by the
United States judges, and in such cases, as a mat-
ter of course, it would be unjust to apply that rule.
JJow, sir, my honorable friend from Georgia,
claimed that his State was the Empire State of
the South. In point of population, and wealth,
perhaps, I might concede that.
Mr. DAWSON. Let me correct my friend.
I said she was called the Empire State of the
South; I did not claim the title for her.
Mr. RUSK. Well,then,according tothehon-
orable Senator, she is called the Empire State of
the South. I believe she has about sixty thou-
sand square miles of territory. My friend com-
plained that the district judge for Georgia had to
travel one hundred and fifty miles to hold court;
but, I believe, they have railroads between the
residence of the judge and the places of holding
the courts, and that travel can be made in a few
hours. Still he complains of the enormous dis-
tance of one hundred and fifty miles.
Mr. DAWSON. Three hundred and fifty.
Mr. RUSK. That does make a little differ-
ence. But, sir, in point of territory, I think, 1
may claim for Texas something like empire, for
she has two hundred and seventy thousand square
miles. There are four places in that State for
holding the United States courts, and none of them
are less than three hundred miles apart, and some
of them are considerably over that distance. In
one portion of the State the judge has to travel
armed, and has some times to go m a great hurry,
as it requires a fleet horse to save him from being
scalped by the Indians. Now, according to the
rule laid down by the honorable Senator from
Georgia, 1 think I might safely claim for the dis-
trict judge of Texas $3,500, as he has to hold
court in four places and to travel more than three
hundred miles between each place, in a country
where the conveniences of travel are not such as
they are in the State of Georgia; but, as it has
been intimated that amendments are loading down
the bill, I will simply move to increase his salary
from $2,500 to $,3,000.
Mr. S TtJART. I came into the Senate Cham-
ber but a few moments ago, and I see that very
great inroads are being made upon this bill. I
came in while the honorable Senator from New
York was speaking; and if there beany propriety
in what has been adopted, on the motion of that
honorable Senator, and also on the motion of the
honorable Senator from Georgia, taking into con-
sideration the motion just made by the Senator
from Texas, certainly the way to reach it is to in-
crease the salaries of all the judges named in that
clause of the bill in which those cases occur. I
therefore move to amend the motion of the Sena-
tor from Texas, by striking out ยง2,500 and insert-
ing $3,000; so that all the judges named in that
clause will stand at ยง3,000.
Mr. BADGER. What are the names of the
States mentioned in the clause?
Mr. STUART. It will apply to the judges of
the districts of Connecticut, western district of
Pennsylvania, northern district of New York,
Maryland, western district of Virginia, western
district of Louisiana, North Carolina, Georgia,
Texas, Illinois, Michigan, and Wisconsin.
Mr. RUSK. I fear that will complicate the
matter. It will place the judge of western Vir-
ginia at $3,000.
Mr. SI'UART. It will increase all named in
the class to that sum. Georgia, and northern New-
York, and Maryland, have already been taken
from this clause, and raised to $3,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr Weller.) 1
The Chair would state that the amendment pro- j
posed by the Senator from Michigan embraces
that of the Senator from Texas. !
Mr. RUSK. Then I withdraw mine. !
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question j
will, therefore, be on the amendment submitted by j
the Senator from Michigan. ]
Mr. JOHNSON. It has been said that we are 1
loading the bill down, and that the result will be !
its destruction. Then, does it not behoove the
friends of the bill to look to it ? Now, when a ;
Senator from a State considers that $2,500 should I
be the compensation of the district judge in his
State, why should another Senator thrust upon
him $3,000 ? The Senator from Texas does not
ask that, as I understand. We do not knowthat
Senators will vote for it. Then, when we will
not classify to reduce, why classify to increase the
whole ? 1 think we had better allow the matter to
go on as it has been, and let us accommodate the
bill as well as we can to what Senators ask, pro-
vided they do not ask what is unreasonable.
Mr. SHIELDS. I represent one of the judi-
cial districts named in the clause referred to by
the Senator from Michigan. I intended to allow
the original bill to pass without offering any
amendment, if other Senators were satisfied with
that course; but as amendments have been made,
I have thought it my duty to present the case of
the judge in my State. I think it my duty to in-
sist on raising his compensation, and I hope my
fnend from Arkansas, having succeeded in ob-
taining an amendment in his own case, will not
oppose ours.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I think the
imputation of the Senator from Illinois is hardly
merited. He intimates that I, having succeeded
in my own case, ought not to interfere with other
gentlemen. If that success which was attained
in my own case had not been regarded by me, as
a Senator from Arkansas, worthy and deserved,
I should have scorned to ask it; I should have
disgraced myself by demanding it. I hope the
Senator himself would not be guilty of that which
he seems to impute to others. If he would, it is
for himself to reconcile it to his own convictions.
I would not ungenerously oppose another in ask-
ing for anything which I might require for myself.
I have barely suggested, thatin classifying, in this
instance, according to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Michigan, he proposes to allow, in one
State, a rate of compensation which the gentleman
representing that State does not ask for.
The Senator from Texas proposes, as I under-
stand, to increase the annual compensation of the
judge in his State to $2,500, and forthwith a
Senator from another State proposes, in the face
of the fact which we all know, that this bill is in
danger of being lost by being overloaded, to in-
crease it to $3,000. At first, I confess I thought
this movement was a stab at the bill; but I believe
now that it was a sincere movement; but, though
sincere, it is one which I cannot support. If the
Senator from Texas had originally demanded it,
and deemed it to be right, I do not know that I
should have objected to it, for I certainly would
not be so ungenerous as to oppose m others what
I would ask for in my own case.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, I made no
imputation against the honorable Senator from
Arkansas, none whatever. I only stated that he
had been successful in getting his own amend-
ment. I aided him in getting it, and I expect him
to aid us m setting our amendments.
Mr. BENJAAIfN. Mr. President, I am a
friend to this measure as it was reported from the
Committee on the Judiciary. I have long been of
opinion that the judges of the courts of the United
States are not sufficiently paid for their labor. 1
am a friend to the principle of the bill as reported
by the Judiciary Committee. My conviction is
well settled that there is no propriety whatever in
any legislation by Congress which will have the
effect of elevating, in the eyes of the people, the
local courts of the United States over the State
tribunals in the respective States. I have remained
silent, and given a silent acquiescence to every
vote upon the amendments which have been
offered by different Senators, for the increase of
judicial salaries in their respective districts, be-
cause I saw from the movements around this
room that those amendments would be agreed to,
and it was my intention to reserve the right of
moving a reconsideration of the vote on agreeing
to the whole of those amendments; and I intend
to do so. If gentlemen are really sincere in their
desire to have the remuneration of the officers of
the Federal judiciary increased to a fair amount,
I think that the sense of this body has already
been sufficiently shown, to evince the fact that
such a bill can pass, and pass by a very large ma-
jority; hut if, m nearly every district court of the
United States, the judge of the Federal court is to
be raised in grade above the judges of the local
courts, if courts of limited jurisdiction, if courts
of inferior jurisdiction, are to be placed, in the
eyes of the people, as courts superior in import-
ance to the highest tribunals of the State, it would
be one step more, in my estimation, towards cen-
tralizing the power of the General Government,
and accustoming the people to do what they do
too much already, look upon their local State
governments with depreciation, and look up to
this Government, at Washington, as the great
source of wealth, of honor, and of profit.
I think, sir, that the people of the several States
of this Union have the right to look to all the
talent of their respective States, and to have the
selection of that talent, for the purpose of filling
the offices of the local judicature. I hope that
the day is long distant, when the action of the
Congress of the United States will be such as to
make men of talent and position, in the respective
States, look away from home for position, for
influence, and for office, and look to Washington
alone as the source of power and position.
I think there is very great sense in what fell
from the experienced Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Cass,] that gentlemen, in endeavoring to
get local advantages for their respective officers,
are loading this bill to such an extent, that it
must fail. I am desirous to see a moderate
advance in the salaries of the judicial officers of
the United States. I believe that the principle
reported by the Judiciary Committee, is a sound
and correct one; and to that extent I am willing
to vote for the advance, because I desire to do
what is practical in legislation. I beiieve to that
extent a bill can be carried; beyond that, it must
fail; and, therefore, the truefriends of the bill wilt
join me in support of the motion to reconsider all
the amendments. I shall make the motion when
gentlemen have got through increasing the sala-
ries in the different districts.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, I should be
perfectly willing to vote for any bill to abolish the
circuit court duties of the Judges of fhe Supreme
Court, and require of the district judges the dis-
charge of the circuit duties now imposed on the
two jointly or separately. Such a proposition,
however, it occurs to my mind, would be more
j properly considered on the bill reported by the
! chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary,
| which has been laid aside for the consideration of
this subject. As Senators have made their propo-
sitions for the amendment of this bill, I move, in
order that we may proceed to the consideration of
the judiciary bill, which has already taken up
much time, that this bill, with all the amendments,
be laid on the table.
Mr. BADGER. Do I understand the Senator
to make that motion now ?
Mr. ADAMS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BADGER. 1 hope the Senator will with-
draw it, and let us advance with this bill, and see
in what shape we shall put it.
Mr. ADAMS. If a majority are opposed to
the bill at present, and would prefer to have these
questions come up on the regular judiciary bill,
we can lay this aside at once, and proceed to dis-
pose of the other measure.
Mr. BADGER. We never can have a better
time for this measure. It is a bill to increase
salaries.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope my friend from Mis-
sissippi will withdraw his motion. We may as
well go on with this measure, now that we have
lit under consideration.
Mr. ADAMS. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish, Mr. President, to
thank the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benja-
min] for his remarks. This measure, as it was
prepared by the Committee on the Judiciary, was
founded on information which the Senate has not
before it. My friend from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]
on behalf of the committee, opened a correspond-
ence with every part of the United States ill rela-
tion to the salaries of the different judicial officers;
and, after a full, and deliberate, and patient investi-
gation, the bill which he leported is the result to
which the committee has come. I do not say
that the report of every committee is to be adopted
blindly by this body; but I say, when areport has
been made with reference to information before
the committee, which has not been spread before
the Senate, it is a more responsible form of regu-
lating; such matters, than is a general discussion
in the Senate. I shall be bound to vote against
the whole of the bill as soon as the provisions of
the report of the committee are disregarded.
