1855.
•THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
Sir, it is not for the individual if he can serve his
country to say whether he -would come or not.
His country has the right to ask him to come and
perform its duties; and when that country has the
right to ask him to come, will she be confined to
the wealthy classes of gentlemen who might be
induced to come here and serve for nothing? Sir,
"she ought to have a right to make her selection.
The country should command the service of her
best men upon this floor; and it is th6 dictate of
justice that they shall not serve for an inadequate
consideration. Enough should be given to afford
them a reasonable compensation at least; and I do
not think that this approaches to it.
Mr. TOOMBS. Conceding, sir, that the com-
pensation of the members of this body, and of
the other House, is too small, there has been a
difficulty as to the way in which to remedy the
'evil. There is always a difficulty relating to a
body fixing its own salary. I know but one rule
to pursue. As the duty is intrusted to the Senate
and House by the Constitution, our duty is to
meet it promptly and fairly. Knowing the fact
that the compensation is too small, and that it
ought to be increased, I fully agree with the re-
marks of my friend from Delaware, that the basis
ought to be changed, for I think it would be a
great saving to the public to make the compensa-
tion an annual salary.
We knoiv very well that the contingent expenses
of the two Houses of Congress far exceed the pay
of the members. Indeed, that is but a bagatelle
compared with them. Every day we sit, three or
four times as much money is thrown away as we
receive for our compensation. It has become a
very serious business, that the public men of the
country should spend nine or ten months here,
when many of us, and I among the rest, feel sat-
isfied it is controlled by this miserable per diem
system. Inasmuch, then, as it ought to be changed,
having these views, and believing an annual sal-
ary to be better than the per diem, I will support
the proposition of the Senator from Arkansas
with pleasure.
The question was taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. Johnson's amendment, and'resulted—yeas
15, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, IJayard, Benjamin, Brod-
liead, Builer, Dawson, Evans, (Jwin, Johnson, Jones of
Iowa, Mailory, Morton, Pearcc, Sebastian, and Toombs—
15.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Boll, Brainerd, Brown,
Oa.'s, Chase, Clay, Dixon, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodgo of
Iowa, Douglas, Fessenden,Foot,Gpyer, Gillette, Houston,
Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Reid, Rockwell, Rusk, Sew-
ard, Shields, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Toucey,
Wade, and Weller—2D.
So it was rejected.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 now renew the motion that
the bill lie on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; tCnd being taken, resulted
—yeas 20, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Brainerd, Brown, Clay, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Evans, Fessendfin, Foot,
Gillette, Houston, Jones of Iowa, Morton, Rusk, Sebas-
tian, Seward, Stuart, Thompson ot Kentucky, Toucey, and
Wade—211.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Atchison, Badger, Bayaid, Bell,
Benjamin, Brodhead, Butler, Cass, Chase, Dawson, Dixon,
Geyer, Gvvm, Johnson, Mailory, Mason, IV'. iter, Itcid,
Kockweli, Shields, Sumner, Toombs, and Woller.—-24.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I move to postpone the further j
consideration of the bill until to-morrow, for the
purpose of having1 an Executive session.
The motion was agreed to.
JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
Mr. CHASE. Before the Senate proceeds to
the consideration of Executive business, I desire
to lay upon the table, informally, an amendment
to the bill to amend and modify the judicial sys-
tem, in order to have it printed. I propose here-
after, when that bill shall again be before the
Senate, to move to strike out all after the words
" circuit duty, "in the fifth line of the first section,
and to iijserR
But they shall continue to have and exercise the same
jurisdiction and powers now vested in them by law, wittaiu |
any of the circuits in which they may respectively reside, j
allowing writs of habeas corpus and writs of error; and no i
vacancy occurring m the office of associate justice shall j
be filled by a new appointment until the number of justices |
shall be reduced to six; ami thereafter the Supreme Court :
shall consist of a Chief Justice and live associate justices. !
Snc. S. Jinibeiljurthcr enacted, That the circuit courts i
Of [he United States, as heretofore organized, fee and tlio |
same are hereby abolished, and the district courts of tha
United States, and the judges thereof, besides the district
court jurisdiction now conferred upon them ny law, shall
have, and are hereby invested with, ail the jurisdiction and
powers now lawfully exercised or possessed by the circuit
courts of the United States, or the judges thereof, and the
said district courts shall be held at the same times and places
as are now established for the said circuit courts.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That whenever any
district judge, by reason of physical disability, interest, or
having been ot counsel in a cause, shall be unable to sit as
judge at any term or in any particular cause, then on
reasonable notice of such inability to sit being given by
such district judge to the district judge of an adjoining dis-
trict, it shall be the duty of the judge thus notified, and
he is hereby authorized, to hold the term of the court or try
the particular cause as the exigency may require.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all actions,
suits, process, pleadings, and other proceedings of what
nature or kind soever, depending or existing in the present
circuit courts of the United States, shall be, and hereby are,
transferred and continued over to tpe district courts, re-
spectively, in whieh such actions, suits, process, or other
proceedings, ought by law to have been originally insti-
tuted, had this act been m force at the time of the inception
of any such action, suit*, or other proceedings ; and rio
process issued, or proceedings pending, in any or either of
the said courts,shall be avoided or unpaired by any change
of organization madebythisactjbutall process,bail-bonds,
or recognizances, returnable at the next term of any or
either of the said courts as now by law established, shall be
returnable and returned to the terms of the said district
comts, respectively, next held according to this act, in the
same manner as if so made returnable on ihe face thereof,
and shall have full effect accordingly, and all continuances
may be made to conlorm to the provisions of this act; and
appeals, and writs of error, shall be allowed from the judg-
ments, orders, and decrees of said distnet courts, in the
same manncras now trom the circuit courts.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all laws and
parts of laws, inconsistent with the provisions of this act,
be and the same are hereby repealed.
The amendment was informally received, and
ordered to be printed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON,'the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after somo time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 16, 1855.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the. President of the United States,
transmitting, in compliance with the resolution of
the House of Representatives of the 28th ultimo,
a report from the Attorney General, with accom-
panying documents, communicating information
regarding a suit instituted in the Territory of
Minnesota by the United States, against the
Minnesota and Northwestern Railroad Company.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the communica-
tion be referred to the Committee on the Judici-
ary, which has charge of the subject in the House,
and be printed.
It was so ordered.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Clerk of the House,
transmitting a list of the clerks thereof, then-
compensation, &c.; which was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
DAVID B. SEARS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask to take
from the Speaker's table Senate bill No. 195, for
the purpose of having it put upon its passage.
Several Members. Oh, no; there is no quorum
here.
Mr. HAMILTON. What is the bill ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. If gentlemen will only
hear the bill read, I am sure there will be no objec-
tion to its passage. It merely provides fur giving
a man a right to buy a piece of land. The title of
the act conveys little information about it.
Several Members. Let it be read.
The bill was read in extenso. It provides that
David B. Sears be authorized to enter the frac-
tional quarter sections of land on Rock Island, in
the Mississippi river, and State of Illinois, neces-
sary to secure to him the full and complete use of
the water-power as now improved and used by him
on the north side of said island; they being the east
half of the southwest fractional quarter of frac-
tional section twenty-nine, containing twenty-
eight and ten one-hundredths acres, the southeast
fractional quarter of the same fractional section
containing four and nine one-hundredths acres,
and the northeast fractional quarter of fractional
section thirty-two, containing three and twenty-six
one-hundredths acres, all of which are situated in
township eighteen, north of the base line, range
one west of the fourth principal meridian, upon his
paying to the receiver of jiublic moneys at Dixon
the minimum price of fl 25 per acre for the same,
upon which a final certificate and patent shall
issue as in other cases.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like to know why
the gentleman is so anxious to have special legis-
lation in this matter ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will answer the gen-
tleman. Rock Island is reserved. Mr. Sears, at
a very early day, made a small improvement 
Mr. HOUSTON. Reserved for what ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. Reserved formerly for
military purposes. Mr. Sears, at a very early
day—some twenty years ago—made a small im-
provement at the head of the island. He expended
all he had upon the improvement, and he has had
possession of it, and resided there during that
whole length of time. He comes here now, and
asks that he may be allowed to purchase it at the
minimum price. A bill for his relief has passed
the Senate unanimously, and it now comes here
for our approval. Mr. Sears is now in the city,
desirous to have the bill passed, so that he may
be thus enabled to obtain his improvement.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. Do the im-
provements which he has made extend over all
ftipqp cjpptinvtq ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. Only over a few acres.
Mr. PERKINS. But you take parts of three
or four sections.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The bill mentions the
number of acres.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and having been engrossed, was
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to amend the
title of the bill, so that it will read, " A bill for the
relief of David B. Sears."
The SPEAKER. There being no objection, it
will be so ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table, which latter
motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was here received,
by the hands of Asbory Dickins, Esq., their
Secretary, informing the House that they had post-
poned, indefinitely, House bill (No. 96) making
appropriations for the transportation of the Uni-
ted States mail by ocean steamers and otherwise,
during the fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1855.
_ Also, that they had passed bills of the following
titles:
An act for the relief of Mary Felch, widow of
the Rev. Cheever Pelch, deceased;
An act to amend an act to establish a land dis-
trict in the State of Florida, to be called the district
of Tampa; and
A joint resolution providing for the engraving,
lithographing, and publishing of drawings, maps,
charts, orother papers for Congress; in which they
asked the concurrence of the House. '
CREDITORS OP TEXAS.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I ask the consent of
the House to allow me to report from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, by their direction,
Senate bill No. 90, being " An act to provide for the
payment of such creditors of the late Republic of
Texas as are comprehended in the act of Congress
of September 9, 1850," with certain amendments,
in order that they may be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
printed for the examination of the members of the
House,
The SPEAKER. There being no objection, it
will be so ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Texas. I ask permission of
the House to have a substitute for the bill reported
by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Breckin-
ridge] referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and printed.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. It was my intention
to have asked that permission myself, in compli-
ance with his request, when I made the motion I
did, but it escaped my attention at the time. I
hope that there will be no objection to the request
ef the gentleman.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
