276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WADE introduced the following bills;
which were severally read a first and second time
by their titles, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce:
A bill making an appropriation for continuing
the improvement of the harbor of Cleveland, in
the State of Ohio; and
'A bill making an appropriation for continuing
the improvements in the harbor at the mouth of
Grand river, in the State of Ohio.
J. R. ROGERS AND OTHERS.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask permission of the
House to have printed a communication from the
Indian Bureau, in relation to the claim ef J. K.
Rogers, for himself and the Cherokees in the States
east of the Mississippi river, for additional per
capita claimed to be due them by the express pro-
visions of the treaties of 1835, 1836, and 1846.
It relates to a proposition which will soon be before
the House.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection, it
will be so ordered.
LEVEEING THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I hold a memorial in my
hands which concerns alone your constituents,
Mr. Speaker, and mine. I desire to give it a par-
ticular direction; in a word, to refer it to a special,
or select committee. I could not, with propriety,
ask that favor, unless the House indulge me for a
moment while 1 state what the memorial is, and
what object I have in view in referring it to a select
committee. I am confident the House will grant
me the committee, if they will consent to hear my
explanation.
it will be recollected that about the close of the
last session of Congress, I presented a memorial
from the Legislature of Tennessee, in relation to
the effect of leveeing by the States of Missouri and
Arkansas, of the right or west bank of the Mis-
sissippi river, under acts of Congress heretofore
passed for that purpose. It was at so late a
period of the session that 1 could not secure a
favorable hearing for the memorial, and I there-
fore stated at the time, that I would bring it to the
notice of the House at an early period of this ses-
sion. The Legislature of Tennessee, at its last
session, appointed commissioners and gave them
extraordinary powers in relation to this subject of
the overflow of the lands upon the east bank of
the river, caused by the construction of a levee on
the west bank in Missouri and Arkansas. These
commissioners present the subject in their memo-
rial for the consideration of Congress in a very re-
spectful, yet earnest manner. I will not consume
the time of the House by reading the memorial;
but I ask, and I am sure the House will grant me
the favor, of referring it to a select committee, and
not to any of the standing committees of tho
House.
Mr. WARREN. I shall object to its reference
at all.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I did not yield the floor
to the gentleman for objection.
The SPEAKER. „ The gentleman from Ten-
nessee must recollect that he asked the unanimous
consent of the House to present the memorial.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I understood that the
floor was given to me for the purpose of making
an explanation, and I was proceeding with that
explanation. I would not be willing to refer this
memorial to any of the standingcommittees of the
House, who are already loaded down with busi-
ness. Tho memorial is a respectful one, and
relates to a matter which affects materially the
value of my constituents' lands, which are now j
subject to increased annual inundation, in conse- j
quence of the policy Congress has heretofore pur-
sued in donating the public lands to Missouri and j
Arkansas, for the purpose of" constructing a levee \
on the west bank of the Mississippi river. j
What relief they are entitled to, if any, is a i
matter of inquiry; and I submit, while the interests
of a portion of the people are so matei ially affected
in consequence of their lands being subject to in-
undation, every year, by the action of the Gov-
ernment, that it is proper and right we should
refer that question to some committee which will
have time and opportunity to examine the matter.
I respectfully ask the House, then, as it can do
no harm, and may do good, that the memoiial be
referred to a select committee. I hope the House
will, at leastj grant me the committee.
Mr. WARREN. I made objection without
having investigated fully the proposition of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Etheridge.] I
am willing to withdraw that objection, if he Will
permit a gentleman from my State to be put upon
the committee, and not without.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I will satisfy the gentle-
man from Arkansas in a moment that the matter
does not affect the people of his State at all. The
memorial contemplates relief only for that portion
of the people who reside between Hickman, Ken-
tucky, and the mouth of the Obion river, in Tennes-
see. I think it will be found, however, that the
people residing south of this region have, also, just
cause of complaint. I think that there is but a small
portion, if any, of the country designated by the
memorialists, which lies opposite the State of
Arkansas; and the relief they ask is such as the
people of Missouri and Arkansas have no just
cause to object to.
The SPEAKER. Of what number will the
gentleman have the committee consist ?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. 1 will move that the
memorial be referred to a select committee of five.
The motion was agreed to.
ENGRAVINGS FOR THE TWO HOUSES.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. A few min-
utes ago a joint resolution passed the Senate by
unanimous consent. It has been sent to this
House, and here laid upon the table. I desire to
ask the unanimous consent of the House to take
up the resolution and pass it. The object sought
to be accomplished by it is to facilitate the fur-
nishing of the books ordered by either House.
It is entitled " A resolution providing for the en-
graving, lithographing, and publishing of draw-
ings, maps, charts, or other papers, for Congress."
I ask that the resolution be read.
The joint resolution was read for information.
It provides that when any charts, maps, dia-
grams, views, or other engravings, shall be re-
quired to illustrate any document, ordered by
either House, such engraving shall be procured
by the Superintendent of Public Printing, under
the supervision and direction of such committee
as the House ordering the printing shall direct.
Also, that the paper necessary for the execution
of all such engravings shall be obtained in the
same manner, and under the same restrictions, as
provided by act of August 26, 1852, for obtaining
other printing paper. Also, that all plates which
have been engraved for any document ordered by
either House of Congress, and now under the
charge of the Secretary of the Senate, or Clerk of
the House of Representatives, shall be placed in
charge of the Superintendent of Public Printing.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky "one question in relation
to that bill. The last clause of that resolution,
as I understand it, directs that all the engravings
ordered by either House to be printed, shall be
placed in charge of the Superintendent of Public
Printing.
Mr. STANTON. Not at all. It only orders
the plates to be so deposited.
No objection being made, the joint resolution
received its several readings; and was finally
passed.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed, and to lay
the motion to reconsider tipon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
LANDHOLDERS IN THE VIRGINIA MILITARY
DISTRICT.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a bill, the object
of which is to correct a clerical error in a bill passed
at the present session of Congress. The error
wils in enrolling the bill. The bill refers to the
holders of lands in the Virginia military district
in Ohio, which I in part represent. The Com-
missioner of the General Land Office is of opinion
the error should be corrected, to enable him to
carry out the intention of the law. The bill is
entitled " A bill allowing the further time of two
years to those holding land by entries in the Vir-
ginia military district in Ohio, which were made
prior to the first of January, 1859, to have them
surveyed and patented." I have in my hand a
letter from the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, which I will send to the Clerk's desk, and
ask to have read.
The communication was read, as follows:
General Land Office, December 29, 1854.
Sir: I inclose herewith a copy of the act of Congress,
passed oil the 19th instant, in relation to allowing further
time to perfect entries in the Virginia military district,
Ohio, and respectfully call your attention to what I pre-
sume to be a clerical error; which, if not corrected, may
admit a number of entries, made with Virginia State line
warrants, which were not contemplated by the act of ces-
sion by Vifginia, nor by the various acta of Congress
making provision for the satisfaction, by survey and patent,
of Virginia Continental warrants located in the military
district, Ohjo.
Certain entries have been made with State line warrants,
in that district, through error on the part of the surveyor at
Chillicothe, though patents therein have been refused by
this office; but if the act inclosed is not explained, they
must, if presented to this office, be patented^ conformably
to the provisions of the act mentioned, if such be its con-
struction.
The act referred to reads thus :
SiBe it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the officers and soldiers of the Virginia line, or
Continental establishment, their heirs or assigns, entitled
to bounty lands, which have, prior to the first of January,
Anno Domini eighteen hundred and fifty-two, been entered
in the tract reserved by Virginia, between the Little Miami
and Scioto rivers, for satisfying the legal bounties to her
officers and soldiers upon Continental establishment, shall
be allowed the time of two years, from and after the pas-
sage of this act, to make and return their surveys and war-
rants, or certified copies of warrants, to the General Land
Office.
" Approved December 19, 1854,"
The act was intended to embrace the Virginia line on
Continental establishment.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN WILSON, Commissioner.
Hon. DAVin T. Disney,
Chairman Committee Public Lands, House of Reps.
Mr. TAYLOR. The sole object of this bill is
to substitute the word " on" for the word " or,"
which was improperly introduced upon the-enroll-
ment of the bill.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I would rather
look at the bill before it is passed.
Mr. TAYLOR. If the House will allow me,
I will, I think, satisfy the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, in a few words, of the correctness of the bill.
On the 3d of August last, I asked the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce that bill, for tha
purpose of having entries, made prior to the 1st
of January, 1852—about twenty thousand acres
remaining unsurveyed—surveyed. The House
passed the bill. It went to the Senate at too late
a period of the session to allow them to act upon
it. But the Senate, however, passed the bill at
the present session. It became a law on the 19th
of December. On being sent to the Land Office,
it was found to be improperly and erroneously
enrolled, " or" being inserted in place of" on."
The law now reads, " that the officers and
soldiers of the Virginia line or Continental estab-
lishment," &c.; when it should have been " the
Virginia line on Continental establishment." That
error gives the benefits of the act to a class of per-
sons not intended to be benefited by it. The
phrase, " Virginia line mi Continental establish-
ment," was a technical phrase, which was well
understood.
This bill is intended simply to correct that
error.
Mr. BAYLY. I object to the bill until I look
further into it.
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask, then, that the bill may
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BAYLY. I do not object to the intro-
duction of the bill, and its reference, but I object
to its being introduced and put upon its passage.
Mr. HAVEN. I want the ear of the gentle-
man from Virginia one moment. If he has not
now a full apprehension of the character of this
bill, I want to say to him that this House has
passed this bili once, with the word or in it, and
we propose now to pass it over again with the
word on instead of or, and in other respects the
same as the former bill, letter for letter, with
out crossing a I or dotting an i. The Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office says it ought
to be so, in order to carry out the object we had
in view in passing it. I therefore ask the gentle-
man to withdraw his objection.
Mr. BAYLY. I am not in thehaBSt ofmaking
objections without having some meaning in the
objection. I object, and 1 hope the gentleman
from New York will be satisfied with that.
Mr. HAVEN. Certainly.
The bill was then referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
JAMES CAPEN.
Mr. EDMANDS. I ask permission of the
