1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
277
House to introduce a joint resolution, the object
of which is, to pay to the administrator of a de-
ceased pensioner, who has died sinSe the last
Congress, the amount due to him under a bill
passed at the last session of Congress. It is enti-
tled "A joint resolution to pay the pension due to
James Capen to his administrator."
Mr. HAMILTON. Let it be read, that we
may know what it is.
The resolution was read accordingly.
There being no objection, the resolution was
read a second time, and ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
read a third time, and passed.
TIMOTHY SABINE.
On motion by Mr. BENNETT, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal of the
petition and papers of Timothy Sabine from the files of the
House, in order that they may be presented at the Tension
Oifice.
SAMUEL A. BE1DEN AND COMPANY.
Mr. SHANNON. I rise, Mr. Speaker, for the
purpose of asking the unanimous consent of the
House for leave to report, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, " A bill for the relief of Sam-
uel A. Belden &, Co." I should be gratified if
the House would allow the bill to be put on its
passage. There is a detailed report accompany-
ing the bill, and, if desired, it might be read for
the information of members.
Mr. HAMILTON. Let the bill be read for
information.
'The bill was read a first and second time by its
title; and then in exlenso.
Mr. SKELTON. I think that, instead of the
bill being now put on its passage, it had better b
referred, like other bills, to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SHANNON. I am sure that the gentle-
man will interpose no objection to the passage of
the bill when he hears the report of the committee.
The question involved is a plain one. These par
ties ask that the Government shall refund them
the duties which they paid on tobacco, and other
merchandise imported into the city of Matamoros
while that city was in the military possession of
the United States—that merchandise, or the pro-
ceeds of its sale, having been confiscated or se-
questered by the Mexican judicial authorities.
Mr. HUNT. I hope that the gentleman may
be indulged in what he asks, and that the bill may
be now put on its passage. The proposition is to
refund the duties paid by citizens on merchandise
introduced into Mexico while it was in the mili-
tary possession of the United States, and which
have now been withheld for upwards of seven
years. The merchandise was to be free from fur-
ther charge; but the Mexican authorities took it
away from them, in violation of a treaty stipula-
tion. The parties have lost the value of their
goods; and, until justice can be done m regard to
that loss, they ask that Congress shall refund the
amount of duties actually paid, and which our
Government has had the benefit of for seven years.
I hope, as an act of justice, that the bill will be
passed by the House. Last year a report, making
a statement similar to that which I have just made,
was submitted by Mr. Mason, of the Senate. I
mention this as part of the history of the country,
and without breach of order. It is the judgment
of ail the committee that the claim is a just and
proper one.
The SPEAKER. The bill contains an appro-
priation, and must, under the rules, receive its
first consideration in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. HUNT. We can dispense with that rule
on the piesent occasion by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. If it be the unanimous pleas-
sure of the body to consider and pass the bill in the
House, it can be done—that rule to the contrary
notwithstanding.
Mr. HUNT. I trust that there will be no ob-
jection.
Mr. MILLSON. I would ask whether this is
of that class of claims preferred some years ago,
and which involved the right of the Government
to collect duties in Mexico, while portions of that
Republic were in possesion of our army ? Gen-
tlemen will recollect that there was considerable
discussion as to the right of the Executive author-
ity to impose such duties. That right was denied.
Does this come within that description of cases?
It strikes me that it does.
Mr. HUNT. There was no question by the
parties as to the right in this instance. The par-
ties paid the duties; and, inasmuch as they had
not that protection of their goods guarantied by
the payment of these duties, they ask that the
Government shall refund the money of which the
Treasury has had the benefit for upwards of seven
years. Their goods were taken from them by the
Mexican authorities.
Mr. MILLSON. Then the goods were taken
from the claimants by the Mexican Government,
and not our own Government.
Mr. HUNT. After the importation of the
merchandise, a treaty took place between the
two Governments The merchandise was carried
into the interior ana there seized by the Mexican
authorities, in violation of that treaty. The citizen
was despoiled of his property, on which were paid
duties as a guarantee for its protection.
Mr. SHANNON. The report of the commit-
tee will exhibit to the House all the facts in the
case, and I hope that it may be read.
Mr. MILLSON. It strikes me it was the mis-
fortune of these parties, that the goods or mer-
chandise on which they paid duties properly levied
by the Government, were captured by the enemy.
I do not feel disposed at this time, if other gen-
tlemen desire the consideration of the bill in the
House, to make objection to that course, but I
cannot support the bill.
Mr HUNT. As there is no objection, I hope
that the question will be put to the House.
Mr. SKELTON. I ask that the bill be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. HUNT. Let the report of the committee
be read. I am sure that it will be entirely satis-
factory.
Mr. SKELTON. There is no question of
doubt in my mind on the subject.
The SPEAKER. The report will be read.
The report of the committee was read at the
Clerk's desk.
Before the reading of the report was concluded,
Mr. SKELTON objected to the reception of
the bill.
Mr. HUNT. It is too late.
Mr. SKELTON. No, sir; it is not too late.
The SPEAKER. The bill was received with-
out objection, and the gentleman from New Jersey
himself moved to refer it to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SKELTON. These papers were presented
for the purpose of enabling us to understand the
merits of the case, and decide whether the bill
shall be received or not.
Mr. HUNT. No, sir.
Mr. SKELTON. If*thia course is to be pur-
sued, I shall hereafter object to the introduction
of any bill out of order.
Mr. HUNT. If the gentleman delights in
objections, his objection is lost now.
Mr. SKELTON. 1 object to the reception of
the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that in
this case the objection comes too late.
The reading of the report was then concluded.
Mr. SKELTON. I move to lay that bill upon
the table. That motion is in order.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to move to
refer the bill to a Committee of the Whole House?
The SPEAKER. That motion is already pend-
ing. The motion first to be decided, however, is
upon laying the bill upon the table.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, I hope it will go
to a Committee of the Whole.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to lay the bill upon the table.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
refer the bill to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. GROW. Is the motion debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. GROW. I have but a word to say. A
few days ago i objected to the payment or refund-
ing of duties paid upon goods which were after-
wards consumed by fire. It seems to me that the
case now under consideration appeals to us with
not near the force of a case of that kind. It is, in
fact, to commence the policy of buying up the
claims of our citizens against the Mexican Gov-
ernment. Mexico took this property, and we are
now asked to refund the duties upon property
taken by the action of that Government, l.can
see no reason why we should set the precedent
which this bill will set, if passed. If we are to
protect the importer in the disposal of his goods
after the duties have been paid and they f.re in his
hands, why should we not also protect the con-
sumer against all his losses after he comes in pos-
session of the goods ? I can see no reason why
we should relieve one more than we should the
other.
Mr. HUNT. There is the strongest reason for
it. It is just, and justice is the highest policy of
a State. This Government received the duties,
and, in receiving them, guarantied to the importer
protection for the purposes of trade. By an ex-
press treaty stipulation, the petitioner was guar-
antied protection in the disposal of his property.
But Mexico, instead of carrying that treaty stipu-
lation, in good faith, into effect, has robbed him
of his property. He now comes, thus despoiled,
and asks the Government to refund the duties.
Mr. GROW. Do I understand the gentleman
that the Government when it receives a duty on
goods guaranties the safety of the property im-
ported into the country on which such duties have
been paid ?
Mr. HUNT. Yes, sir.
Mr. GR&W. I do not so understand it.
Mr. HUNT. What are the duties paid for?
If Government does not guaranty protection in
the use of property for trade, why does it exact
duties? What is the use of such a Government
to the trader?
Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman allow me to
answer the question?
Mr.HUNT. No, sir; I cannotgive way further.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman should not ask
questions if he will not allow me to answer them.
Mr. HUNT. I am not disposed to enter upon
nice and technical questions, or to submit to a
cross examination. The question before the
House is one of justice and good faith. The
money proposed to be refunded was paid to the
Government. The Government entered into a.
treaty by which that property was protected; and
by a violation of that treaty the petitioner has
been deprived of his property. The report before
the House shows that the authorities of Mexico
had certified that the property was to be protected
and to be free from charge, but that, notwithstand-
ing the certificate, the property was, in violation of
the treaty, sequestered, and made away with by
Mexican authority. Under these circumstances
the petitioner now prays that the amount of duties
paid by him be refunded. The question, I be-
lieve, is upon a motion to refer te a Committee
of the Whole, and does not at present, therefore^
call for a fuller consideration of the matter to be
disposed of. And, sir, I should not have been
drawn into this expression of my views, but that
I desired the petition should not be prejudiced by
the remarks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. This is the
first time that I have heard of this case; but it seems
to me that the gentlemen who have spoken in ref-
erence to it, have not put it upon the true ground.
It is well known, that at the time these duties were
collected by the Government of the United States,
that Government—I mean our own Government—
was, in reality, the Government of Mexico; that is,
it had military control of the country.
Mr. HUNT. 1 ask the gentleman to allow me
to say, that I stated the fact to which he alludes in
my first remarks.
Mr. STANTON. Certainly. But that is not
the point to which I am coming. While the Gov-
ernment of the United States was in the military
occupation of Mexico, it exacted certain duties
upon goods imported into that country, under the
implied guarantee that, then having control of the
country of Mexico, the party paying the duties
should be protected in the sale of his goods, and in
their transportation through the country. In the
mean time, however, while the goods were in the
possession of the importer, the United States sur-
rendered the control of that country into the hands
of the Government of Mexico. That Govern-
ment seizes the goods, and confiscates them. Do
not gentlemen see that the Government of the
United States, to some extent, became responsible
for the whole value of the goods guarantied by it,
this Government then having the control of the
country, and exercising jurisdiction over it? I
say this Government is, to some extent, bound
to protect this party in the sale and disposal of
his goods. But, sir, when Mexico obtained the
