278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
control of that country, she seized upon the goods,
and the guarantee of this Government has not been
carried out. Now, sir, I am not at all sure that
this Government would not become responsible
for the whole amount of these goods. It is cer-
tainly a very small thing upon the part of these
parties that they should only ask that the duties
The collection of duties upon goods is a very high
act of authority; it is just what the Government of
the United States does within its own territory; and
it is bound, it seems to me, upon every principle
of right and justice, to protect these parties in the
exercise of the rights necessarily implied in the
collection of those duties.
Mr. GROW. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question. Were not these goods condemned
by a judicial tribunal in Mexico, after an investi-
gation—and was not that confiscation made after
the American army had left Mexico ?
Mr. STANTON. I do not know. I never
heard a word tibout the case before. I take it for
granted, that the fact stated in the report is true;
that the goods were seized, and illegally seized,
by the Government of Mexico. If there is any
doubt about that fact, of course all that I say is
uncertain.
Mr. SHANNON. After the goods had been
detained at Matamoros for ten months, Mr. Bel-
den obtained the proper powers from the Mexican
authorities to carry the goods into the interior, to
be disposed of in the City of Mexico, and in other
interior towns. He sent the goods forward un-
der the care of a conductor to Saltillo,_ a town
some four hundred miles in the interior; and
while the tobacco was in Saltillo, it was seized by
the order of a judge, and confiscated. Mr. Bel-
den had no opportunity whatever of answering
the charge, or making any defense to the suit that
•was instituted against him. The goods were con-
fiscated by the judge at Saltillo, and a heavy fine
was imposed upon Mr. Belden.
Mr. GROW. What was the fine for?
Mr. SHANNON. The fine was imposed
upon Mr. Belden on a charge that the goods had
been illegally introduced into Mexico; but it was
clearly proved by the evidence in the case, that
the goods had been legally imported into that
country, and that the duty had been paid to the
officers of the United States. Mr. Belden had
no opportunity whatever of answering the suit.
He was distant four hundred miles, and had no
opportunity of being heard, and never was heard.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio a question. The bill, as I under-
stand it, proposes to assign to the Government of
the United States any claim that these parties
may have on the Government of Mexico under
the treaty. Is that so ?
Mr. SHANNON. The bill proposes to refund
to Mr. Belden the duties which he actually paid to
the Government of the United States upon the con-
dition that he will execute an assignment, in legal
form, to the United States of any claim he may
have upon the Government of Mexico.
Mr. LETCHER. Then my question is this;
Is the Government of the United States to under
take to pay the claims that every citizen has upon
a foreign Government ?
Mr. SHANNON. I take it that the Govern-
ment is bound to do one of two things, either to
inforce the treaty stipulation that exists between
Mexico and the United States, and compel the
Government of Mexico to reimburse our citizens
for damages sustained in consequence of the viola-
tion of the treaty, or to refund to Mr. Belden the
amount of duties which he has paid.
Mr. STANTON. I stated, but a moment ago,
that I had never heard of this case before, and
know nothing of the facts. I was proceeding
upon the supposition that the facts stated by the
gentleman from Louisiana were true beyond any
doubt. My proposition is simply this, that the
Government of the United States being at the
time sovereign in that Territory, having military
occupation of-it, and sole and entire control, and
exacting duties upon goods with the implied
guarantee that they were to be protected in the
ordinary operations of trade in that country,
when the Government of the United States trans-
fers that authority to another power, and that
power seizes and confiscates goods upon any pre-
text whatever, and especially upon the pretext
that they were illegally introduced, the Govern-
ment of the United States necessarily becomes
responsible upon every principle of justice and
equity. It seems to me that nobody can deny
that.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I agree with the
gentleman from Tennessee entirely in his pro-
pounding of the law on this occasion; and I beg
leave, in this Jase, to refer to an authority which
I had brought up here in a different case in name,
though not very different in character. It is from
a late decision of the British House of Lords,
which was considered under the advisement of all
the judges and the Lord Chancellor. In that case
the Lord Chancellor said:
"It is admitted law that if the subject of a country is
spoliated by a foreign Government, he is entitled to obtain
redress from the foreign Government through the means of
his own Government. Eat if, from weakness, timidity, or
any other cause, on the part of his own Government, no
redress is obtained from the foreigner, then he has a claim
against his own Government. Here is a compromise of the
two Governments; the question is, hoiv far his claim is
affected by it."
Mr. MILLSON. What authority is that?
Mr. BAYLY. The Lord Chancellor of Eng-
land, as late as 1852; and I beg to call my col-
league's especial attention to it.
Mr. SKELTON. I consider, Mr. Speaker,
that this bill is improperly before this House; but
I was prevailed on to give!&ray in the objection
which I raised, in order to hear a fuller explana-
tion of the merits of the bill. After having heard
the merits of the bill explained, I was more fully
convinced that it should not be acted upon in this
hasty manner. My objection then was ruled out,
and the bill was presented to the House.
1 have been tauntingly charged, Mr. Speaker,
with being fond of objecting to bills. That I deny.
I never object to a bill that is presented to this
House, except I have some good grounds in my
own mind for believing that such bill should not
be immediately acted upon. In this matter, the
House will bear me witness of the truth of what
I state. Now, the discussion which we have had
on this bill, shows that it is a bill of most import-
antbearing; that it is a bill invoking the question
of the right of citizens to indemnity from our own
Government for depredations upon our commerce
and property, committed within our own country,
and in foreign countries. In this instance, we
are called upon to make indemnity to a citizen of
the United States for property of his destroyed in
a foreign country. Sir, I take it for granted,
that if this principle is to be established, it will
have a wide application. The honorable gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] who has
just taken his seat, connects this case with a bill
now pending before the House, known as the
French indemnity bill.  Now, that very connec-
tion shows the importance and magnitude of the
question now before the House. I will not,
however, occupy the attention of the House at
this time by going into a full investigation of the
principles of the bill. Time will not permit me
to do so.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. If the gentle-
man from New Jersey [Mr. Skelton] will permit
me, I wish to say one word on this matter. I
desire simply to state that, although the passage
read by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly]
may be, and undoubtedly is, law, as adjudged by
the couit whose decision it is, yet I conceive that
the principle of this bill stands upon even higher
ground than that. I present it on the ground ®f
the transfer of jurisdiction from the Government
of the United States to the Government of Mex-
ico, and of the necessary responsibility on the part
of the Government of the United States, growing
out of this interchange of jurisdiction. It is upon
that ground that I place it, in addition to the
grounds as stated by the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. SKELTON. The gentleman's remarks
show the importance of the bill now pending be-
fore the House, as embraced in a great question of
international law, a question involving the rights
of American citizens generally, not only in this
country, but on the ocean, and in foreign coun-
tries. They show that this is a bill of that mag-
nitude which should be fully discussed and con-
sidered. We should have the opportunity of
debating the matter fully, before we establish a
principle so important as this, embracing so large
an amount of claims; opening the doors of the
Treasury of the United States to indemnities for
millions on millions of dollars.
The decision read by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bayly,] is a decision of a British
court, and it is for this House to determine whether
we will base the action of eur body upon decisions,
not only of foreign courts, but of British courts.
We are here for the purpose of acting as Ameri-
can statesmen, not as British monarchical states-
men. Whatever be the right of citizens of Great
Britain towards our country, whatever rights that
Government may have acknowledged as reposing
in hgr pwn citizens, they have no weight with us
or in a republican country like ours. The genius
of our Government is different from that of any
other Government on the face of the globe. Here
power emanates from the people, and rights repose
in the people, but in Great Britain power and
rights descend from above to the people from the
King.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I desire simply
to ask this question of the gentleman from New
Jersey, whether the Government of the United
States ought to extend less protection to its citi-
zens than the Government of Great Britain to its
subjects ?
Mr. SKELTON. I am not prepared to go into
a discussion of the question, but I will say this, in
reply to the honorable gentleman from Tennessee,
that Great Britain claims to have control of her
citizens, let them go where they will. She denies
to her citizens the right of expatriation. She denies
to her citizens the right to forswear their allegiance
to that Government. That principle is now in-
volved in the very question which the gentleman
from Virginia has quoted, and in that particular
there is not a member on this floor who will coin-
cide with the decisions and the laws of the United
States.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker,has the morn-
ing hour commenced ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Olds in the
chair.) The morning hour has not yet com-
menced.
Mr. MILLSON. Then I would suggest to the
gentleman from New Jersey to give way to a
motion that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
as the hour of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Benton] is rapidly expiring.
Mr..SKELTON. I have just remarked that I
do not purpose to debate this question at length,
or go into the merits of it. Sufficient has tran-
spired to show that this is a grave question, and
one requiring grave deliberation. Therefore, to
suit the views of friends, I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 hope the gentleman will
withdraw that demand.
Mr. SKELTON. Well, I withdraw my call
for the previous question.
COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
Mr. ORR. I move that the rules of the House
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Okr in
the chair.)
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. The business in order
before the committee is the consideration of the
bill providing for the establishment of railroad
and telegraphic communication between the At-
lantic States and the Pacific ocean, and for other
purposes; and on that the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benton] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. If the gentleman
from Missouri will allow me, I will state that I
will not, under the circumstances, press to take
up the French spoliation bill now; but 1 will do
it at the earliest possible moment after this day.
Mr. BENTON addressed the committee on the
subject, saying he had put himself to some trouble
to see and converse with business men, with prac-
tical men, to see whether there was anything feas-
ible in his project. He had reason to believe that
there was; that a private company of solid men
are ready now to enter into arrangement fur con-
structing this work with their own resources,
without grants of money from the United States,
without alternate sections of land, amounting to
