280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Mr. McDOUGALL. The parties contracting
stipulate to construct the road, tp keep it in repair;
and the Government has an object in giving its
aid to the road, as they will have need to use it as
much as the people will. The Government merely
requires a stipulation upon the part of the parties
to the contract, that they will go on and execute
the work, survey and run the road; but with its
control, management, and ownership, it has noth-
ing to do. I may say distinctly, that, under this
bill, the Government will not control one dollar of
the stock, nor have any beneficial interest at all in
the road, except in the mere contract for its use.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Smith's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. SKELTON. I move to strike out the
second section of the bill. I have seen some strange
and nondescript bills since I have been a member
of this House, but I confess that this bill is the
most strange and nondescript of any that I have
yet seen in the course of my legislation. We have
Kere presented a proposition to build a railroad
from the Mississippi to the Pacific, requiring the
Secretary of War to issue proposals for that pur-
pose; and while the heads of the Departments and
the President of the United States are the agents
for the execution of the work, and bound in issu-
ing contracts for the construction of the work—in
my opinion to pay for it—yet it is to be the prop-
erty of a private company. A private company
is to have the proceeds of the profits, and the Gov-
ernment of the United States is actually to pay
$600 a year per mile for the transportation of the
mails over a road which they have constructed
from the public domain, and which has been su-
perintended by the Secretary of War. The Gov-
ernment is not only required by this bill to issue
advertisements for proposals in all the States of
the Union, for the space ofsitf months, but it has
to pay for these advertisements and for the con-
tracts, and to execute them, when the Secretary of
War and the President of the United States make
them. In addition to that, the Government not
only builds the road, furnishes the means, pays all
the incidental expenses, but actually binds itself
to keep in repair the road thus built. It appears
to me most strange and ridiculous to find states-
men here proposing to build a road from Govern-
ment funds and Government domain, under the
superintendence of Government officers, and yet
denying that it will be a governmental work.
The gentlefnan from California complains that
I do not understand the bill. If the gentleman
possesses an intellect so far superior to mine, I
think it ia time that he should tell us whether this
is to be a private or public enterprise; whether it
is to be a corporate or individual transaclion. I
hope that the second section, which, as the honor-
able gentleman from Tennessee justly remarked,
makes the President of the United States the pres-
ident of a railroad company, will be stricken out.
If the Government of the United States is to give
lands for the construction of a railroad, we should
know who are to have them, how the road is to
be built, and whether the Government is to have
any responsibility in keeping it in repair. It is
passing strange, that the gentleman from California
proposes to give somebody—nobody knows who
—without an existence, either private or public,
individual or corporate, public lands for the con-
struction of a railroad, and after it is built the
Government is to be held responsible for keeping
it in repair, and paying an enormous amount to
this somebody—nobody knows who—for carry-
ing th« United States mail and munitions of war
over it. I hope that this section will be stricken
out of the b(Jl entirely, and that the Government
will be released from any obligation of this kind.
If we are to pay for the construction of the road
by giving public lands to somebody, let us know
■who are to have them, and who will take the
responsibility of keeping the road in repair. If
we desire to transport our mails and munitions of
war over the road, we can make contracts here-
after for that purpose.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The gentlemen who
drafted the bill had no idea of presenting a bill to
suit the particular views of the gentleman from
New Jersey, or of any other particular individual,
but to meet the wants of the whole people and
the country.
Mr. SKELTON. Will the gentleman answer
roe one question ?
. Mr. McDOUGALL. Certainly.
Mr. SKELTON. Is this a Government or a
private enterprise ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is a private enterprise,
aided by the Government, with a stipulation of
forfeiture to the Government in case of non-
completion of the work.
The question was taken upon Mr. Skelton's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to strike out the
word "two," in the second section, in the pro-
vision for advertising for bids in newspapers,
and insert in lieu thereof the word "four." I
suppose the object of that provision is to give
publicity to the matter, if this act shall be passed.
If that is the object, the publication in only two
newspapers in each State is not sufficient. I do
not propose to detain the committee by elaborat-
ing the idea suggested by my amendment, because
it must strike with force the mind of every one
present.
Mr. WALSH. Is an amendment to that
amendment in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. WALSH. Then I move to amend so as
to provide that the " Daily Evening Argus" shall
be one of the four. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. I certainly have no objec-
tion to that.
The question was taken on Mr. Walsh's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurring on Mr. Florence's
amendment, it was put; and the amendment was
not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to strike
out the remaining part of the bill, and for this
reason: This bill came before the committee as an
original bill, reported by the special committee.
It was afterwards amended by a substitute, upon
which the committee relied. We now understand
that the substitute has been withdrawn, and it is
proposed, I understand, as soon as the discussion
upon the original bill is terminated, to take up the
substitute which has been or will be offered by
the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Dunbar.]
Therefore, it seems to me, that the discussion of
this bill, which nobody expects to pass, is idle.
I hope the friends of the bill, of a bill, or any bill,
will sustain the motion I have made, and let the
debate be upon the substitute which will be pro-
posed by the gentleman from Louisiana, or some'
other gentleman.
Mr. MILLSON. I will vote for the motion of
| the gentleman from Maine, at the proper time,
| with pleasure. But it is in order, first to perfect
| the bill which ia before us, and, therefore,! move
: to strike out the words " Secretary of War," ajid
insert in lieu thereof the words " Commissioner
of Public Lands," in the following clause of the
second section of the bill:
" That it hlmll be the duly of ;hc Secretary of War, the
Seeretaty of the Navy, and tho Postmaster General, upon
the pas.srtgo of tliis act, to cause advertisements to be pub
Iishod in two newspapers in each State, and in the District
of Columbia, for a reasonable time, not exceeding six
months, which advertisement shall invite sealed and sep-
arate proposals for the construction,'' See.
1 propose to say but a word or two upon this
subject, and I say that only because I cannot
allow a bill so important as the one now under
consideration, to pass without at least entering
my protest against the principles upon which it is
founded. If the power to construct this railroad
rests upon the authority of the Government of the
United States to dispose of the public lands, then,
sir, the execution of it should be entrusted to the
Committee on Public Lands, and not to the Sec-
retary of War. But if. as the gentleman from
California [Mr. McDougall] said yesterday,
the power is claimed as incident to the authority
which is claimed for the Government to construct
what are called military roads, then, as I deny
that such powers can be derived from any such
source, I move to strike out that part of the bill
which proposes to confer the supervision of this
work upon the Secretary of War.
1 know that gentlemen frequently claim for the
Government of the United States the power to con-
struct military roads. What can be more vague
than any such claim as this—and what outrage
upon the rights of the States and the Constitution
might not be exercised by it? What are military
roads? Roadsusefulin war? Why, every railroad,
every Macadamized road, every county road, and
every by-path may be useful in time of war. The
gentleman may as well talk about military steam-
boats,military banks, military cotton factories, a nd
military barrels of flour. All these are useful in
time of war, and with just as much reason may the
Government tak^them under their control, in time
of peace, as a necessary preparation for a possible
war.
But if the authority of the Government extends
to the construction, in time of peace, of such
roads as these roads to the Pacific, as military
roads, then why may we not construct a military
road in China ? for who knows but that, at some
future day, the Government of the United States
may contemplate the subjugation of the Chinese
Empire? In that event, it might be very conven-
ient to have a military road from Shanghai to
Pekin. But will any one make so absurd a pre-
tension? . .
A Voice. That is beyond our jurisdiction.
Mr. MILLSON. A gentleman near me says
that is beyond our jurisdiction. But he will re-
member that a member of the Cabinet said, some
months ago, that he protested against the idea that
there should be one construction of the Constitu-
tion within the United States, and another with-
out the United States. I unite with him in that
protest, and if the Constitution is the same within
and without the United States, we have the same
right to construct, in time of peace, military roads
in foreign countries, on the ground that they may
facilitate our military operations in time of war,
that we have to make such roads as these now
proposed within the United States, merely because
they might be convenient in time of war.
It must be remembered that the argument, in
this connection, is not as to the power of the
United States to make internal improvements. I
am not arguing that question. I am talking about
military powers, and the extent of the authority
of the Government with reference to the defense
of the country, and the annoyance of her enemies
in time of war. All these powers have relation to
foreign countries, as well as our own, and can no
more justify the appropriation of money for the
construction of these railroads to the Pacific, in
time of profound peace, as military roads, than
they authorize such appropriations for the con-
struction of similar roads, in time of peace, beyond
the limits of the United States because they could
be useful in case of war.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I did say, last evening,
in reply to the remarks of the gentleman from Ma-
ryland, [Mr. Hamilton,] that, if in no other way
a road could be constructed to the Pacific, I did
insist that it could be built upon the ground that
it was necessary for military purposes. I so insist
now. The reply made by the gentleman from
Maryland then was, that we are a great and
pacific nation, and will be always at peace; and,
therefore, upon the ground of military necessity,
no aid could be asked from the Federal Govern-
ment for its construction. And I suppose tjie gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Millson] will reiter-
ate the same opinion, that we are a great, pacific
nation, in love with ail mankind. Now, 1 do not
understand how we, Vandals of modern times, in-
fringing constantly upon our neighbors, can have
the assurance of eternal peace.
Now, sir, I say that we in California are enti-
tled, just as much as the city of New York, or
Norfolk, to sufficient aid from the Government to
protect and defend our people. Whence cornea
the power to build forts and arsenals, to maintain
particular posts of the country against foreign
arms ? Can they be constructed in time of war ?
I venture to say, and,do say, in a military point
of view, that, for securing our country against
foreign Powers, and in maintaining the Republic,
this work is of more importance than all the forts
and arsenals from Maine to Texas; more import-
ant than all the forts and arsenals you can con-
struct from Santiago to the northernmost limits of
Washington Territory.
But we have appealed to no such power. We
do not ask that this shall be a Government work.
We ask only that the Government may not make
a profit out of the enterprise of private citizens.
The question was taken on Mr. Millson's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Washburn, of Maine, it was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is upon
the substitute which has been submitted by the
gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Dunbar.] It
will be read by sections for amendment.
