1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. Let the sub-
stitute be read through, for information, before it
is read by sections for amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be read as the gen-
tleman desires it.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. Is it in order at this
time, Mr. Chairman, to submit another substi-
tute?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that it
is; but he would say to the gentleman from Indi-
ana that the regular and customary proceeding is
first to go through with the first substitute, read-
ing it by sections for amendment, and when we
have gone through with it, then to receive the
second substitue. The Chair only makes the sug-
gestiotvto the gentleman, stating, at the same time,
that his amendment, by way of substitute, is now
in order, if he chooses to present it.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. 1 desire to submit my
proposition in strict accordance with the rules of
the body. As the Chair has suggested the regular
and proper course, I shall pursue it.
The Clerk proceeded to read Mr. Dunbar's
substitute:
[This substitute, as modified by Mr. Dunbar,
on the suggestion of Mr. Washburn, of Maine,
will be found inserted in a subsequent part of the
day's proceedings.]
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. At the request
of members around me, I withdraw the call for the
reading of the substitute.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Clerk will report
it by sections for amendment.
Mr.CHAMBERLAIN. Mr.Chairman, would
it avail me anything towards securing the floor to
send my proposed substitute to the Clerk's table
at this time ?
The CHAIRMAN. Let the gentleman send
it to the Clerk.
Mr. DUNBAR. I ask for the reading of my
substitute, so that the committee may understand
it.
[Cries of " No! let it be read by sections for
amendment."]
The Clerk then completed the reading of Mr.
Dunbar's substitute.
Mr. DUNBAR. I consider this as a measure
of the greatest importance. My constituents, anil
the State which I have the honor in part to repre-
sent upon this floor, are deeply interested in this
measure; and I, therefore, with the consent of the
gentleman from California, [LMr. McDougali.,]
have offered this bill as a substitute for that now
pending. The gentleman from California, in the
eloquent argument which he addressed to this com-
mittee in closing the debate upon the bill, has
explained fully the difference between this sub-
stitute and the bill then under discussion before
the committee, and which was reported by the
committee of this House for the establishment of
two lines of railroad and telegraph from the Mis-
sissippi valley to the Pacific ocean. That bill
which the gentleman discussed has now be.en
withdrawn by him, and this substitute has been
accepted in lieu of it.
I will state to the committee, that the substitute
-which I have offered is the bill which was intro-
duced into the Senate by Senator Douglas, which
went to a committee of the Senate, and after
having undergone some modifications, was unani-
mously reported back by that committee. It pro-
poses to establish railroad and telegraphic lines to
the Pacific by three different routes. One is the
southern road, which is to commence west of the
State of Texas, and to extend to the nearest point
on the Pacific by whichever route may be most
practicable. Another is called the middle route,
and is to commence west of Missouri, and to ex-
tend to San Francisco. This is the route which
the distinguished gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Benton] considers the best. The third is the
northern route, about which he made some remarks
this morning, designating it a British route.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if gentlemen have had
time to examine the surveys of these three routes
which have been laid upon our desks, they will
have perceived that they are all practicable for the
construction of lines of railroad, and that the
roads can be constructed without any extraordi-
r ary or unreasonable expenditure of money. They
can be constructed as cheaply as any of the great
railroads that have been made in the Atlantic
States, as, for instance, the Baltimore and Ohio, or
the New York and Erie. This is apparent from
the surveys, and from the reports of the officers of
the Government.
The substitute which I have offered will recon-
cile all differences and conflicts of interest between
the different sections of the Union, and will give
an opportunity for the construction of all the
roads; and, I doubt not, that in time all three will
be made.  
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I shall oppose
the substitute of the gentleman from Louisiana,
unless he will consent to certain amendments or
modifications which I will suggest. The substi-
tute, as it now stands, is, substantially, a bill
setting apart a certain quantity of lands, and pro-
viding for the payment of a certain amount of
money for a line of railroad; the route to be
decided on, not by Congress, but by three gen-
tlemen—very able and respectable gentlemen, no
doubt—but they, and they alone, are to decide
whether there shall be one, two, or three lines of
road, and where they shall be. Now, unless the
substitute is amended, so as to take away that
discretion from the Secretary of War, the Secre-
tary of the Navy, and the Postmaster General, I
shall oppose it.
The substitute, as you will see, carries upon its
face the idea which I have suggested. It begins:
" That, with a view of aiding in the construction
of a suitable railroad and telegraphic communica-
tion," &c.
Again, the second section provides:
" That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of War, the
Secretary of the Navy, and the Postmaster General, upon
the passage of this act, to cause advertisements to be pub-
lished in two newspapers m each State, and in the District
of Columbia, for a reasonable lime, not exceeding six
months, which advertisement shall invite sealed and sepa-
rate proposals for the construction of each or either of said
lines of road and telegraph," &c.
So that they may only advertise for one route
and select that one, and nobody can interfere.
Again, the third section provides:
"That the Secretary of War, the Secretary of the Navy,
and the Puslnmster General, under the direction of the
President, be, and they are hereby, authorized to contract
with the party or parties whose proposals, as aforesaid,
may be accepted lor the full and complete construction
and keeping up of either line or each of said lines," £c.
So that, although they may have advertised for
all the lines, it is perfectly competent for them to
accept only one, and to decide which one shall be
constructed, and then all the powers and authority
under the law will have become void, and the
other roads cannot be built under this law.
Therefore it is that I propose to amend the sub-
stitute; and I hope the gentleman from Louisiana
will accept my amendments.
Mr. DUNBAR. I have no objection to accept
the amendments.
Mr. WASHBURN. Then I will indicate
them.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a question of order.
Has the gentleman fromLouisianaarighttoaccept
those amendments r I do not even know what they
are, and I think I have the privilege of objecting.
Has he any right to receive amendments when
the subject is under discussion in Committee of
the Whole?
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly; the gentleman
from Louisiana has a right to modify his own
amendment if he chooses t© do so. Where can
be the doubt about that?
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, I only desired to be
informed. I did not know that the whole power
of this House was in the hands of the select
committee, or one of the members of it.
Mr. LETCHER. I move, Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Washburn] is indi-
cating certain modifications in the substitute which
he desires to have made, and which the gentleman
from Louisiana [Mr. Dunbar] is willing to ac-
cept. As soon as he will have done that, the Chair
will recognize the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. WASHBURN. Inasmuch as the gentle-
man from Louisiana offers to accept my modifica-
tions, it will be unnecessary for me to trouble the
committee with explanations. I propose, in the
second line of the second section, to insert after
the words "Secretary of War," the words "and
Secretary of the Interior." So that the section
will read:
That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of War and the
Secretary of the Interior, upon the passage of this act, to
lubli&hed, &c.
c ause advertisements to be pu
In the sixth line of the same section, strike out
the words " or either,"so that the sentence will
read:
Which advertisement shall invite sealed and separate
proposals for the construction of each of said hues.
Then, in the third section, at the end of the
forty-second line, add the fetter M s" to the word
" road,"
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise to a point of order.
I ask if my friend from Maine has not occupied
his five minutes ?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes; his five minutes has
expired.
Mr. "WASHBURN. I do not wish to occupy
the time of the House, inasmuch as the modifica-
tions I desire to have made in the bill have been
accepted. 1 was merely informing the House
what those modifications were. x
[The substitute of Mr. Dunbar, as modified by
himself, upon the suggestion of Mr. Washburn,
of Maine, is as follows:
A Bill to authorize and facilitate the construction of a
Northern, a Southern, and a Central Pacific Railroad and
Magnetic Telegraph through the Territories of the United
States.
lie it enactcd by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That with the view of aiding in the construction of suitable
railroads and telegraphic communications between the
Mississippi valley and the Pacific ocean, there shall be, and
is hereby, appropriated and set apart a quantity of public
land equal to the alternate sections for the space of twelve
miles on each side of said roads from their eastern to their
western termini, as follows:
One mad and telegraph, to commcnce on the western
border of the State of Texas, and to pursue the roost eligi-
hle*route to the navigable waters of the Pacific, in the State
of California; which line shall be known as the southern
Pacific railroad;
One road and telegraph, to commence on the western
border of the States of Missouri or Iowa, and to pursue the
most eligible route to the bay of San Francisco; which line
shall be known as the central Pacific railroad ;
And one road and telegraph, to commence on the western
border of the State of Wisconsin, m the Territory of Min-
nesota, and pur&ue tho most eligible route to the navigable
waters of the Pacific in Oregon or Washington Territories;
which line shall be known as the northern Pacific raihoad;
such lands to be selected from the sections which shall be
designated in the public surveys of said land (when made)
by odd number5*, and to be hold and conveyed as herein
provided; and in all cases when the United States may
have disposed of said lands or any part thereof, or shall
from any cause be unable to convey a title thereto, the defi-
ciency may be made up by the party or parties who may
become entitled thereto from any unoccupied and unappro-
priated lands belonging to the United States within ihe dis-
tance of thirty miles of said road: Provided, however, That
for s-uch deficiency wiihin the State of California, and also
m lieu of all mineral lands in said State (which are hereby
excepted from the appropriation herein made) such selec-
tion may be made from any niiocoupied and unappropri-
ated lands of Hie United States within fifty miles of said
road m ihe said State.
Sec. 2. Jlrul be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Interior to cause advertise-
ments to be published in two newspapersin each State,and
in the District of Columbia, for a reasonable time, not
exceeding six months, which advertisement shall invite
sealed and separate proposals for the construction of each
of said lines of road and teiegrapli in the manner herein
provided; said advertisement shall include a copy of this
act as containing the terms upon which the United States
are willing to contract for the construction of either of said
hues of road and telegraph, and shall require separate sealed
proposals, stating specifically whether it be for the southern,
central, or northern line, and also—
First. The tune in which the parly or parlies propose to
construct, complete, and finish the enure load and telegraph
ready foruse, which poriodmustnotexceed ten years from
the signing ot the contract; and also, what extent and por-
tion thereof they propose to complete and put m opeiation
during eacli and every year.
Second. The time in which such party or parties will
surrender and transfer, free of cost to the United States, for
the purpose of being surrendered to several States as herein
provided, the said road with its appurtenances and furni-
ture.
Third. The sum, not exceeding three hundred dollars per
mile, for carrying the TTmtod States mails daily both ways on
said road, under the direction of the Post Office Depart-
ment, for the period of fifteen years from the completion of
the road ; and, while in courseof construction, for the por-
tion in use and at what rate per mile, for a like period, and
on the portions m use while being constructed, they will
carry on &aid road, under the direction of the proper de-
partment, all military and naval stores, supplies, munitions,
troops, and freights of all kinds for Government purposes,
which sum or rate must not exceed that now paid in the
aggregate for such service ; and from and after the expira-
tion ot said period of fifteen years said transportation, postal,
military, naval, and for every other Government purpose,
shall be m like manner performed on said road, under the
direction of the proper Department, at reasonable prices,
not exceeding those usually paid for the time being on other
first class road?, to be ascertained by Congress in the event
of disagreement between the Government and the owners
of the road.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of War, the Secretary of the Navy, the Secretary of the
Interior, and the Postmaster General, under the direction
of the President, be, and they are hereby, authorized and
