282
the congressional globe.
January 17,
instructed to contract with the party or parties whose pro-
posals, as aforesaid, for each of said lines shall be consid-
ered by them to be on the whole the most fevorable for the
full and complete construction and-keeping up of each of
said lines of road and telegraph, for which proposals shall
be made complying with the terms of this act; the said
contract or contracts to provide for the road or roads as
herein described, and also for a telegraph line or lines on
the most approved plan; and that the party or parties whose
proposal or proposals shall be accepted shall each deposit
with the Secretary of the Treasury the sum of$aw,UUU, Or
the value thereof in bonds or certificates of stock ot the
United States, or State bonds, whose market value shall be
at or above par at the time of making the said deposit,
winch may be subsequently drawn out by them in sums ot
$5,000, as the work proceeds, on the production of vouchers
showing satisfactorily to said Seeretaiy that an amount
equal thereto has been applied in good faith to the construc-
tion of said road; and all obligations, contracts, and secu-
rities, shall be binding and obligatory m law on the contract-
In? parlies according to the exact terms of their respective
obligations,contracts, and undertakings; ail questions of
damages and forfeiture by reason of any breach of said con-
tracts being determined by the express terms of such obli-
gations, contracts, and undertakings: Provided, That in all
contracts made in pursuance of this act the provisions of
the act shall be taken and considered as parts of said con-
tracts in like manner as if the same were set forth in full in
said contracts.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted That in making said
contracts it shall be stipulated that, for the sake ot conve-
nience, the said roads i>haJ! be divided into sections of one
hundred miles each, and that none of said lands shall be
conveyed to the contractors until one of those sectionsjshall
be completed and put in successful operation, when the
XJresident shall convey by patent to the contractors three
fourths of the land pertaining to the section so completed,
retaining the other fourth as security for the completion of
the next section of one hundred miles; and when the sec-
ond section shall be completed, the President shall, m like
manner, convey to the contractors three fourths of the land
pertaining to that section, together with the remaining fourth
on the previous section, and so with each section, convey-
ing three fourths and rotating one fourth as security tor
the completion of the next, until the last section of the road
shall be finished and put in operation, when the President
shall convey to the contractors the residue of the lands; and
it shall albo be stipulated in said contracts that the mails
shall at all times be carried on said reads under the direc-
tion of the Post Office Department, and that all other trans-
portation for the use of the United States, as provided m
this act, shall be performed under the direction of the proper
Department, and that the compensation therefor, at the
prices specified in said contracts, in pursuance of this act,
shall be regularly paid from the Treasury of the United
Slates quarterly, or at such tunes as shall be agreed upon:
Provided, Thdt no money shall be advanced, nor shall any
euch compensation be made until the service, to the extent
of the payment so made, shall have been first performed.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That should any con-
tracting party or parties substanually fail, neglect, or refuse
to prosecute the work undertaken by said party or parties,
in a manner to secure the completion thereof in compliance
' with their contract, and within the time stipulated, or
should such party or partips violate the terms of the con-
tracts, then ail rights of said party or parties to said road,
right of way, or property, shall be and become forfeited to
the United States, and the United States may and shall
enter upon and possess the same. In the event of such
forfeiture, to be determined by the Secretary of War, Sec-
retary of Navy, Secretary of Interior, and Postmaster
General, with the approval of the Ptesident, said Secretary
of War, Secretary ot Navy, Secretary of Interior, and Post-
master General, shall proceed to relet the work remaining
under s>uch forfeited contract, and provide for the disposi-
tion of the woik, done m such manner as will secure itfl
earliest completion, in conformity with the provisions of
' tins act: Provided, That they shall not stipulate ou the
part of the United States for any higher or other terms than
are herein expressly authorized and provided.
Skc. 6. And be it further enacted, That the party or
paities with whom the contractor contractsafore&aulshall
be made, shall proceed, as soon as practicable after the
execution of such contract or contracts, to locate the gen-
eral route of said road or roads, and fix the eastern and
western terminus of the same ; and as soon aK such general
route or routes shall be determined, which shall not be
more than two years from the date of said contract or eon-
tracts, a statement thereof shall be furnished by said party
or parties to the Secretary of War, and as soon a<? practi-
cable thereafer the President shall cause the public lands
on each side of said route or routes, to tho extent of
at least forty miles, to be surveyed, and the Indian title
thereto extinguished if practicable ; and the provisions of
the act of September, 1841, granting preemption lights, and
the acts amendatory thereof, shall be, and the same are
hereby, extended to such lands, saving and excepting the
lands herein set apart and appropriated for the use of said
road or roads, as aforesaid : Provided, however, That tne
alternate sections and parts of sections of land which by this
act shall remain to the United States, within the lines of
twelve miles on each side of said road or roads, shall not
be entered or sold, by preemption or otherwise, for lets than
double the minimum price of the public lands whea sold :
Provided, further. That so soon as a eontiacl shall be made
as aforesaid for the construction of either or each of said
roads, it shall be the duty of the President to cause the
public lands for not exceeding forty miles on each side of
so much of such route as the contractors thereof shall in-
dicate, in pursuance of this act, to be withheld from settle-
ment, sale, or occupation, until the lands shall have been
surveyed and the alternate sections selected as provided m
this act.
Sec. 7, And be it further cnacted, That the patty or
parties receiving grants of alternate sections ot land, under
the provisions or' tins act, shall be required to sell and un-
conditionally convey one half of the same within hve
years from aittl after the issuing the patent for the same or
any part thereof; and all lands so granted to such party or
parties and remaining the property of such party or parties,
or which may be held to the use or for the benefit of such
party or parties at the expiration of ten years from the date
of the patents, shall be ami become forfeited to the United
StSEC. 8. And be it further enacted, That the lands of
the United States, for two hundred feet wide along the
entire line of said road or roads, shall be, and is hereby,
set apart and dedicated as a highway for railroad and tele-
graph purposes; and the said party or parties may take any
earth, ground, stone, Umber, or other necessary materials
for the construction of said roads or telegraph from any ad-
joining lands of the United States, All contracts made m
pursuance of this act Tor the construction and keeping up
of a railroad or roads and telegraphic line or lines, shall
provide for and require the railroad or railroads to be con-
structedln asubstantial, thorough, and workmanlike man-
ner, with all necessary drains, culverts, bridges, viaducts,
crossings, turnouts, sidings, stations, watering places, and
all other appurtenants, including the furniture and rolling
works of the road or roads, equal in all respects to a road
of the first class when prepared for business, with rails of
the best quality, weighing not less than sixty-four pounds
to the yard, and a uniform gauge throughout the entire
length of each road; and shall also provide for and require
a telegraphic line of the most substantial and approved
description along the line of each road: Provided, They
shall not charge the Government higher rates than they do
individuals for like service.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the party or
parties constructing or owning either of said roads, may at
any time construct one or more additional tracks along
said routes within the two hundred feet herein granted for
the right of way. And all connections with said road or
roads shall be made under the direction of the Legislatures
of the States and Territories respectively, in which the
same shall be constructed, and no road shall be made in
pursuance of this act in the State of California, without
the authority of the Legislature of that State, and then only
by virtue of the authority of such State.
Sec. 10. And be it farther enacted, That whenever the
said road or roads shall be surrendered to the United States
in pursuance of the provisions of this act and the contracts
authorized by it, thereupon so much of said road or roads
as may lie within any of the States, shall, with their assent,
vest in and become the property of the State or States,
within the limits of which the same may be located, sub-
ject to the use of the United States for postal, military, and
all other Government service; and also subject to such
regulations as Congress may prescribe, restricting the charge
for transportation thereon. And all other States organized
and admitted into the Union thereafter shall acquire the
same rights, subject to like provisions and restrictions.
Sec. 11. And belt further enacted, That should the Sec-
retary of War, Secretary of the Navy, Secretary of the In-
terior, and Postmaster General, under the first advertise-
ment, fail to receive proposals in compliance with the pro-
visions of this act for making all or either of said roads, it
shall be the duty of the said Secretary to issue new adver-
tisements in like manner for new proposals, once in each
year, until each of said railroads and telegraphic lines shall
be put under contract m pursuance of the provisions of this
act, unless Congress shall otherwise order and direct.]
The CHAIRMAN. The first section of the
substitute ia now open for amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, that will not serve
me a great deal. I propose to strike out the en-
acting clause of the bill. That, I believe, ia about
the surest and shortest way of getting to the end
of the road, and I wish to get there aa soon as
possible.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I rise to a point of order.
I ask, if after the general bill has been read, and
a substitute offered for it, it is competent to move
to strike out the enacting clause?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I submit that it is not in
order to move to strike out the enacting clause.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, then, it was in order
not many months ago, when we had the Nebraska
bill up. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the motion of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Letcher] is in order, under the 119th rale.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The 119th rule directs
that a motion to strike out the enacting clause of
a bill shall have precedence of a motion to amend,
and, if carried, shall be equivalent to its rejection.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I move that the
committee do now rise.
The question was put and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker haying
resumed the chair, the Chairman of the committee
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration,
as a special order, the bill for establishing railroad
and telegraphic communication between the At-
lantic States and the Pacific ocean, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a bill of a
private character.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
I'move that the House do
Mr. WARREN.
now adjourn..
T*he question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to, and
Thereupon the House, at five minutes past three
o'clock, p. m., adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday, January 17, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Sucer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication, received from Hon. Rufus
Choate, resigning his office as Regent of the Smith-
sonian Institution:
Hon. Linn Boyd, Speaker of House of Representatives:
I take leave to communicate to tho two Houses of Con-
gress my resignation of the office of Regent of the Smith-
sonian Institution. w * , > ,
It is due to the body which has been pleased to honor
me with their trust for some years, and has recently con-
ferred it for a new term, to say that this step is taken, not
from any loss of interest in the welfare of that important
establishment, but in part from the inconvenicnee expe-
rienced in attending the meetings; and,in part, also, ana
more immediately, from my inability to concur or acquiesce
m an interpretation of the act of Congress constituting the
actual institution, and the Board of Regents, which ha3
been adopted and is now about to be practically carried
into administration by a majority of the board. 1 hat act,
it has seemed to me, peremptorily " directs a manner" and
prescribes a plan according to which it intends that the
institution shall accomplish the will of the donor.
By the earlier law accepting the gift, Congress engaged
to direct such a manner and to devise such a plan, and
pledged the faith of the United States, that the funds should
be applied according to such plan and such manner. In
fulfillment of that pledge, and in the performance of its in-
alienable and incommunicable duty as trustee of the chanty,
that body, after many years of deliberation—from which it
never sought to relieve itself by devolving the work upon
the discretion of others—matured its plan, and established
the actual institution to carry it out. Of this plan, the
general features are sketched with great clearness and great
completeness in the law. Without resorting for aid m its
interpretation to its parliamentary history, the journals and
debates, the substantial meaning seems to be palpable and
unequivocal in its terms. By such aid it is rendered qui to
certain. A Board of Regents is created to administer it.
Some discretionary powers, of course, are given to the
Board in regard of details, andin regard of possible surpluses
of income whicU may remain at any given time, while the
plan of Congress is being zealously and judiciously car-
ried into effect; but these discretionary powers are given,
I think, in trust for the plan of Congress, and as auxxhaiy
to, cooperative with, and executory of, it. They were given
for the sake of the plan, simply to enable the regents the
more effectually and truly to administer that very one—not
to enable them to devise and administer another of their
own, unauthorized in the terms of the law, incompatible
with its announced objects and its full development, not
alluded torn it anywhere, and which, as the journals and
the debates inform us, when presented to the House under
specific propositions, was rejected.
Of this act an interpretation has now been adopted, by
which, it has seemed to me, these discreuonary means of
carrying the will of Congress into effect are transformed
into means of practically disappointing that will, and of
building up an institution substantially unlike that which
it intended, which supersedes and displaces it, and in effect
repeals the law. Differences of opinion had existed m the
board from its first meeting, m regard of the administration
of the act; but they were composed by a resolution of corn-
promise, according to which a full half of the annual in-
come was to be eventually applied m permanence to what
I deem the essential parts of the plan of Congress. That
resolution of compromise is now formally rescinded, and
henceforward tne discretion of the regents, and not the
act of Congress, is to be the rule of appropriation, and that
discretion has already declared itself for another plan than
what 1 deem the plan of Congress. It may be added that,
under the same interpretation, the office and powers? of
secretary are fundamentally changed trom those of the sec-
retary of the law as I read it, and are greatly enlarged.
In this interpretation, 1 cannot acquiesce ; and with en-
tire respect for 'he majority of the board, and with much
kindness and regard to all its members, I am sure that my
duty requires a respectful tender of resignation. I make it
accordingly, and am your obedient servant,
RUFUS CHOATE.
Washington, (D. C.,) January 13, 1855.
Mr. MEACHAM. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a resolution of in-
quiry, founded upon thatletter; and upon the reso-
lution I demand the previous question.
The resolution was reported, as follows:
Resolvedj That the letter of Hon. Rufus Choate, resign-
ing his place «*> Regent of the Smithsonian Institution, be
referred to a select committee of five, and printed ; and 'hat
said committee be diiected to inquire, and report to the
House, whether the Smithsonian Institution has bf en man-
aged, and its funds evprnded, in accordance with the Inw
establishing the institution; and wlieihcr any additional
legislation be necessary to eariy out the design® of ity
fosmdois; and that said committee hate power to <scnd foi
persons and papers.
