1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
Mr. ENGLISH. If I have a right to object to
the reception of the *solutien just proposed by
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Meacham,]
I do so; and I move that tbe communication sub-
mitted by Mr. Choate be laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed. *
The SPEAKER. The resolution of the gen-
tleman from Vermont, to refer to a select commit-
tee the letter which has just been read, is in order,
in the opinion of the Chair. Upon the adoption
of the resolution, the gentleman from Vermont
demands the previous question. It is in order to
make a motion to lay the matter upon the table.
Mr. ENGLISH. Then I make that motion.
Mr. MEACHAM. Will that motion carry the
resolution with it ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. MEACHAM. Am I not still entitled to
the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont cannot retain the floor after moving the pre-
vious question. It is in order for the gentleman
from Indiana to make the motion he does, as it is
a privileged question.
Mr. MEACHAM. The resolution I offer is
simpily one of inquiry, made in respectful terms,
and it appears to me that there can be no objection
to it. If the motion of the gentleman from Indi-
ana is pressed, I shall demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I ask my friend
from Indiana to withdraw the motion to lay upon
the table. The resolution ought to go to the Judi-
ciary Committee, and the clause providing for
sending for persons and papers ought to be stricken
out.
The yeas and nays ware ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I would ask whether the
motion to lay upon the table includes the motion
to print?
The SPEAKER. It does include that motion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The motion to lay upon
the table and print would be a debatable motion.
The SPEAKER. It would scarcely be debata-
ble, pending the demand for theprevious question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The demand for the pre-
vious question has not been seconded.
The SPEAKER. It could not be until there
was a test vote.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the gentleman from In-
diana couples the motion to lay upon the table
with the motion to print, I should think it would
be debatable.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be a debatable
motion, for the reason that the previous question
is demanded upon the adoption of the resolution.
The demand for the previous question must be
first disposed of before discussion can be had.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would remark
that no person has called for a division of the
question to lay upon the table and print.
Mr. ENGLISH. If I have the right to do so,
I propose to modify my motion, so as to lay the
communication and resolution upon the table, and
withdraw the motion to print.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to modify his motion and withdraw the motion to
-print.
Mr. ENGLISH. I then so modify my motion.
The SPEAKER. The y eas and nays have not
been ordered upon the modification proposition.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. The proposition
being modified, how does the previous question
apply?
The SPEAKER. The demand for the previous
question will come up, should the House refuse to
Jay the resolution upon the tabie; and it cuts off
debate until the House determine whether or not
it will sustain the demand.
Mr. MEACHAM. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the modified motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 81, nays 84; as follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C-. Allen, Willis Allen,
Thomas IX. Bayly, Barksdale, Bell, Boyce, Breckmrnlge,
Bridges, Caruthers, Caskie, Chandler, Cliastain, Chris-
man, Cobb, Colquitt, Craige, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dis-
ney, Drum, Dunbar, Eddy, Edgertou, Edmundson, John
M. Elliott, Enaiisli, Everhart, Faulkner, Franklin, Uoode,
Green, Greenwood, Hamilton, Sampson VV. Harris, Iten-
dricks, Hiiiyer, Houston, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Roland Jones, Kent, Kerr, Kurtz, Lamb, Latham,
Macdonald.Mattosoa, Maxw.<Ji,Millson, Morgan, NichoU, ;
Orr, Packer, Pennington, Eisliop Perkms, John Perkins,
Phelps, Pringle, Reese, Thomas Riteliey, Bobbins, Rogers,
Kulfin, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Skelton, George W. 1
Smyth, Sollers, Frederick P. Stanton, ABdrew Stuart,
John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Teller, Trout, Vansant, Walbridge, Walker, and Warren
—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Appleton, David J. Bailey, Ball, Ben-
nett", Benson, Bliss, Campbell, Carpenter, Chamberlain,
Chase, Clark, OStnpman, Cook, Corvvin, Cox, Crocker,
Cullom, Cutting, Thomas Davis, Dickinson, Ellison, Far-
ley, Fenton, Flagler, Fuller, Goodrich, Goodwin, Grey,
Grow, Aaron Harlan, Wiley P. Harris, Harrison, Haven,
Hibbard, Hiester, Hill, Hughes, Hunt, Johnson, Kittredge,
Knox, Letcher, Lilly, Lindiey, Lindsley, MeDougall,
Mace, Macy, Maurice, Mayal), Meacham, Middleswarth,
Murray, Norton, Andrpw Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Parker,
Peck, Pratt, Puryear, Ready, Rowe, Russell, Sabin, Sapp,
Seward, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, William It. Smith,
Richard XI. Stanton, HostorL. Stevens, Stratton, Thurston,
tlpham, Wade, Elhhu B. Wasbburne, Israel Washburn,
Wells, Tappan Wemworth, Westbrook, Wheeler, Yates,
and ZollicofFer—84.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
Pending the call,
Mr. KERR said: Is it in order to make an
inquiry of the Chair at this time ?
The SPEAKER. Only by the unanimous con-
sent of the House.
Mr. KERR. There seems to be some misap-
prehension in regard to this matter. I suppose
by laying the resolution upon the table that we do
not accept the resignation of Mr. Choate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
resignation to have been already received. The
House received the letter, and it was read.
M r. KERR. There seems to be some diversity
of opinion in relation to the matter. My only
desire is, that it shall be understood.
The question then recurred upon the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. FRANKLIN. I would like to inquire of
the Chair, if it is in order to move to refer this
matter to the select committee already in exist-
ence upon the subject of the Smithsonian fund ?
The SPEAKER. The demand for the previous
question cuts off any motion, until the House de-
termine whether they will second the demand.
Mr. FRANKLIN. I give notice that I shall
make the motion to refer these papers to the select
committee already existing uponv the subject of
the Smithsonian fund, which has this matter in
charge, and is expecting to make a report upon
it in a few days.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, demanded tellers
on the second to the demand for the previous
question; which were ordered; and Messrs.Grey
and Walker were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported-—ayes 74, noes 72.
So there was a second; and the main' question
was then ordered to be put.
The question now being on the adoption of the
resolution,
Mr. PRINGLE demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 93, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abttfcrombie, Appleton, David J. DaiJoy,
Bail, Banks, Bennett, Benson, Bristmv, Bugg, Campbell,
Carpenter, Chamberlain, Chase, Clark, Cook, Corvvin,
Crocker, Cullom, Curtis, Cutting, Thomas 7)«ivis, Dawson,
Do Witt, Dickinson, Eastman, Edgorton, Edmands, Elli-
son, Etheridye, Farley, Fenton, Flagler, Fuller, Goodrich,
Goodwin, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Wiley P. flairs, Haven,
Jleiin, Ilie&tcr, Hill, Ilughes, Hunt, Johnson, Kittredge,
Knox, Latham, Letcher, Lilly, Lindiey, Lindsley, ISIe-
Dougall, Mace, Macy,Matteson,Maurice, Mayall,Meach-
am, Middleswarth, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Par-
ker, Pock, John Perkins, Pratt, Preston, Puryear, Heady,
David .Ritchie, Rowe, Jtufscll, Sabm, Sapp, Simmons,
Singleton, William U. Smith, Richard H. Stanton, Nestor
L. Stevens, tftr.uton, Thurston, Upham, Wade, Walsh,
Elhhu li. Wasbburne, Israel Washburn, Wells*, Tappan
Wemworth, We&tbrouk, Wheeler, Yates, and Zollicoffer
—93.
NAYki—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Belcher, Bocoek, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, Caruthers,
Ca&kie, Chandler, Chastani, Cbrisman, Chngman, Cobb,
Colquitt, Cox, Craige, John G, Davis, Dunbar, Eddy, Ed-
mundeon, English, Everhart, Faulkner, Florence,Fianklin,
Goode, Greenwood, Grey, Hamilton, Harrison, Hendricks,
Hiiiyer, Houston, Ingersoll, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Kurtz, Lamb, Macdon-
ald, MeMulhn, McQueen, Maxwell, Smith Miller,Millson,
Morgan, Nichols, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer,
Pennington, Bibhop Perkins, Phelps, Powell, Pringle,
Reese, Riebardeon, Thomas Ritchey, Robbing, Rogers,
XtufFm. Sage, Seward, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Skelton,
Samuel A. Smith, George W. Smyth, Sollers, Frederick
P. Stanton, Straub, Andrew Stuart, John J. Taylor, John
L. Taylor, Nithamel G. Taylor, Teller, Trout, Vansant,
and Walker—91.
So the resolution was adopted*
Mr. MEACHAM. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted, and to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to lay upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie,James C. Allen, Appleton,
David J. Bailey, Bali, Banks, Barksdale, Barry, Bennett,
Benson, Bnstow, Bugg, Campbell, Carpenter, Chamber-
lain, Chase,Clark, Cook, Corwm,Crocker,Thomas Davis,
Dawson, De Witt, Dickinson, Eastman, Edgerton, Ed-
mand*, Ellison, Etheridge, Farley, Fenlon, Flagler, Fuller,
Goodrich, Goodwin, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Sampson W.
Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Hastings, Haven, Henn, Hiester,
Hill, Hughes, Hunt, Johnson, Kith edge, Knox, Latham,
Letcher, Lilly, Lindsley, MeDougall, Mace, Macy, Matte-
son, Maurice, Mayall, Meacham, Middleswarth, Murray,
Noble, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Parker,
Peck, BishopPerkins, John Perkins, Pratt, Puryear,Ready,
David Ritchie, Rowe, Sabm, Sapp, Seward, Simmons,
Singleton, William R. Smith, Richard H. Stanton, T-Testor
L. Stevens, Stratton, Thurston, Upham, Wade, Elhhu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells,Tappan Wentworth,
Westbrook, Wheeler, and Yates— 91.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Thomas II. Bayly, Belch-
er, Bell, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, Caskie,
Chandler, Cbastain, Cbrisman, Cobb, Colquitt, Craige,
John G. Davis, Drum, Dunbar, Eddy, Edmund^on, John
M. EHiott, English, Everhart, Faulkner, Florence, Frank-
lin, Goode, Greenwood, Giey, Hamilton, Harrison, Hen-
dricks, Hiiiyer, Ingersoll, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Roland Jones, Kent, Kerr, Kurtz, Lamb, Lewis,
Macdonald, McMullin, McQueen, Maxwell, Smith Miller,
Millson, Morgan, Nichols, Olds, Orr, Packer, Pennington,
Phelps, Pringle, Reese, Thomas Ritchey, Kobbins, Rogers,
Ruffin, Sage, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Skelton, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick
P. Stanton, Straub, Andrew Stuart, John J. Taylor, John
L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor. Teller, Trout, Vansant,
Walker, Walsh, Warren, and Witte—82.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
ALMANZON HUSTON.
Mr. SMYTH, of Texas. 1 ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table Senate bill No. 266, for the purpose of refer-
ence only to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. RICHARDSON. What is it about?
Mr. SMYTH. It is an act for the relief of
Almanzon Huston.
The SPEAKER. The bill does not appear to
be upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. SMYTH. I had the number of the bill
from the Clerk.
■The SPEAKER. Perhaps the bill is in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. OLDS. The gentleman is mistaken as to
the bill being upon the Speaker's table. The bill
to which the gentleman refers was reported back,
last session, from theCommittge on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and was laid upon the table.
Mr. SMYTH. Then 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that it may be re-referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I risejo a privileged
question. Yesterday, when I reported the Texas
bill to the House, fiom the Committee of Ways
and Means, the House ordered the papers accom-
panying the bill to be printed. By mistake, the
order was not entered at the Clerk's desk. I ask
that the order may be now made.
The SPEAKER.^ If there is no objection the
order will be entered, as the Chair remembers
well that the order was made yesterday.
There being no objection, the order was entered.
Mr. SKELTON. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. That is the consideration of
"a bill for the relief of Samuel A. Bekien & Co."
BILLS INTRODUCED AND REFERRED.
Mr. UPHAM. I request the gentleman from
New Jersey to give way to me for one moment.
I am situated in a most remote part of the Hall,
and,as members are well aware, it is exceedingly
difficult for me to obtain the eye of the Speaker,
i have been for several days endeavoring to get
an opportunity to introduce, for the purpose of
reference only, several bills, of which previous
notice has been given. 1 hope I jnay now be
allowed to execute that long delayed purpose.
Mr. SKELTON. If I yield, there will be no
end to similar applications. By this irregular
mode of doing business, we are wasting the whole
session, without accomplishing anything.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman refuses utterly
to withdraw.
