284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
Mr. UPHAM. May I ask tha House, under
these peculiar circumstances, to suspend the rules
to enable me to introduce the bills ?
The SPEAKER. The rules can only be sus-
pended on Monday, except by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. SKELTON. I will yield in this instance,
but in no other.
Mr. UPHAM.then,by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following bills; which were severally
read a first and second time by their respective
titles, and referred to the Committee on Commerce:
A bill for the preservation of the harbor of Lynn,
iri the State of Massachusetts;
A bill providing for the resurvey of the harbor
of Roekport, in the State of Massachusetts;
A bill providing for the resurvey of the harbor
of Annisquam, in the State of Massachusetts; and
A bill for the preservation of the harbor of Mar-
blehead, in the State of Massachusetts.
Mr. SKELTON. I now ask for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order,
is a bill for the relief of Samuel A Belden & Co.,
and upon that bill the gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. Skelton] is entitled to the floor, as he had
it yesterday when the morning hour expired.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. COBB. Before we proceed to the consid-
eration of that bill, I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to-make a personal explanation.
Mr. SKELTON. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. COBB. I will occupy but four or five
minutes of the time of the House. I have been a
member upon this floor for several years, and have,
occasionally, been incorrectly reported. I have
been reported to have said upon this floor, things
which I never intended to say. However, I have
generally been perfectly satisfied with reports made
of my remarks, and, until recently, I have thought
it better to suffer a little, than to trouble the House
with an explanation of anything which I may
have been erroneously reported to have said.
Until the last canvass, I never had any trouble
in getting along with the reports of my remarks.
Then I had a gentleman opposed to me, who took
advantage of a word which I was reported to
have said, but which I never said, and never in-
tended to say, and that gave me a great deal more
trouble, than it would be to occupy three minufes
here is putting myself right.
1 now attempt to do so. But before I do that,
let me say, that I do not charge the reporters with
any want of ability, or attention to their duties,
"W hatsurprises me most is, that they (considering
the difficulty of hearing in the Hall) report me, or
any other person, as well as they do. With this
word of explanation, I proceed 10 say, that, in the
GioOeof the 11th instant, I am made to say, in
connection with my remarks when the homestead
bill was under consideration, that I would not vote
for a bill giving a home to the people of the Uni-
ted States, unless it had a provision in it that abso-
lutely provided for persona who might hereafter
come into the country.
1 did not say that; or, if I did, I did not intend
to say it. I intended to 'say 1 would not vote for
a bill, the construction of which might, either
by implication or otherwise, entitle persons who
might hereafter come into the country to the
benefits of the law. That is what I intended to
say.
fhey make me say I would vote for a bill pro-
viding for population which might hereafter come !
into the country, disconnected with the bill then '
under consideration. I never intended to say that;
but I did intend to say, that that would be a
question to be determined by the wisdom of Con-
gress when it should arise. Persons jmay here- ,
after come here, if this system works well, who
may ask for the benefits of the bill. Then it will I
be for the wisdom of Congress to extend the pro- j
visions of the bill to that class of individuals. :
Two or three words more. I am made to say
that I was opposed to the sixth section of the
homestead bill. I intended to say I was opposed
to the fifth section. I was made to say, too, when
I was referring to the second section of the gradu-
ation bill, that I referred to the sixth section, when
there is not six sections in the bill which I re-
ported at the last session of Congress.
I make these remarks to save me trouble here- I
after, and in order that the gentleman who fought |
me in the last canvass, and all other persons, may
know what I intended to say.
Mr. BALL. I wish to put a question to the
gentleman from Alabama. I wish to ask him
whether he was afraid that " Sam" would be after
him r [Laughter.]
Mr. COBB. I have no reason to fear him. If
there was a " Sam" in my district when I left it,
he was not known. [Laughter.]
SAMUEL A. BELDEN AND COMPANY. .
Mr. SKELTON. The bill which is now pend-
ing before this House for the relief of Samuel A.
Belden & Co., is notonly a bill of importance, but
it is one of those bills which have crept into this
House in a manner which we ought never to
allow. Instead of having been referred to a stand-
ing committee, to be investigated by them, it has
been brought here and introduced without any
such reference, while the rules of the House re-
quire that such bills should not only be sent to
standing committees for investigation, but shall be
first discussed in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. SHANNON. 1 will say to the gentleman,
that the petition of Belden & Co. was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and they, after
having given the su bject full consideration, directed
me to report the bill to the House.
Mr. SKELTON. The gentleman's remarks
illustrate the impropriety of hasty action. The
passage of these bills in this Hall without the light
necessary to intelligent action, is a great evil, and
ought to be remedied". But that is not the only
objection; for, by pursuing such a course, we do
away with all regular business; measures which
are introduced properly under the rules of the
House are thrust aside for the consideration of
others just brought to the notice of members.
Unless the matter be now stopped, each and all of
the committees will be prevented from making a
single report on any subject referred to them for
investigation. Things, by this practice, will be
done during the session which ought not to be
done, and many things will be left undone which
ought to have received attention.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. 1 beg my friend
from New Jersey to allow me to make a single
remark. It is due to myself that it should be
made. I did not hear what he said, but I am told
that it was that this report came from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs without authority from
that committee. Let me say to the House, that
it would be impossible for me to allow any such
thing as that to occur. I would certainly not sit
here and let any member of that committee report
a bill which had not been acted on by the com-
mittee.
This is one of a class of cases which was
entrusted to the examination of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Shannon,] for the reason that,
having been our Minister to Mexico, he was
supposed to be better informed in regard to the
questions involved than the rest of the committee.
He was authorized to submit the report now be-
fore this body.
Mr. SKELTON. The gentleman does not
■inderstand my remark correctly. I repeat what
I said; and it is, that this bill has not come to us
in the regular order of business under the rules.
The Committee on Foreign Affairs was not called
3n,and therefore had no authority, under the rules,
to submit the report. I am sure gentlemen will
agree with me, that this committee should not be
granted privileges different from those enjoyed by
the other standing committees. Many committees
are now waiting to be called on for reports. They
have business ready for regular action of the
House—business far more important and urgent
than that now under consideration.
Mr. Speaker, I have no desire to consume the
time of the House, at this juncture, by any lengthy
remarks. A few words more, and I shall have
done all I desired to do in rising. This measure,
as I remarked yesterday, involves an important
principle. It not only acknowledges that we should
indemnify these merchants engaged in commerce
and trade for any losses which they may sustain,
but it also goes behind the decisions of the judicial
tribunals of Mexico, according to the remarks of
a gentleman on this floor. If we are to open the
door of the Treasury to this class of claims, f
would ask whether, out of common prudence, we
had not better proceed with caution ?
But the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stan-
ton] appeals to us on patriotic grounds. He asks
whether the Government of the United States will
not extend the same measure of protection to its
citizens that the Government of Great Britain ex-
tends to its subjects ? That question ought not
to go unnoticed. It appeals to our patriotism, and
we should see whether or not it is founded on
fact. When a member says that our Govfrnmen-
ought not to give the same protection to its citit
zens that that of Great Britain does to its sub-
jects, he stands on delicate ground. I undertake
to say that our patriotism should be always regu-
lated by prudence. While protecting the rights
of one class of citizens, we should not trample
upon those of another class. I have seen a good
deal of such protection since I have occupied a seat
upon this floor. Day in and day out men come
here and demand protection from the American
Government—but what kind of protection? What
kind of protection is asked for by this bill ? Is it
equal protection—that protection allowed by the
principles of equality and justice, which lie at the
foundation of our Constitution and Government?
Is it protection in sympathy with the genius of
our Government? No, sir; it is no such protec-
tion. It is unequal protection. It heavily op-
presses one class of our citizens—a class far better
entitled to our protection than any other class.
Let us examine what the bill proposes to do.
It proposes to take from the Treasury certain
moneys, and to place them in the pockets of these
claimants, who are traders and speculators.
Where do these moneys come from ? They come,
sir, out of the pockets of the mechanic, the arti-
san, the farmer, and the laboring man—men who
stay at home, and subsist themselves without
speculations. They have a right to demand pro-
tection at our hands; and so long as I have a seat
upon this floor, I shall do all in my power to
prevent their being trampled on for the benefit'of
speculators and traders.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The gentle-
man says that the bill proposes to take money
from theTreasury, which comes from the pockets
of the mechanics and laborers of the country, to
pay this claim. If this bill passes, I understand
that it authorizes the taking from the Treasury of
just exactly the amount of money taken from
these parties by way of duties—nothing more,
nothing less. The money was taken from the
pockets of these claimants by the Government of
the United States, under an implied, if not an
expressed pledge, by the payment of the imposed
taxes, to protect them in disposing of the goods
which they imported into Mexico. They were
invited, by the proclamation of the Government,
to import their goods into that Republic while in
our military possession.
If not trespassing too far on the indulgence of
the gentleman, I will say something in reply to a
direct allusion to myself, in reference to the pro-
tection extended by the British Government to its
subjects compared with that to be extended by
the Government of the United States. You will
recollect, Mr. Speaker, that the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] read, yesterday, a de-
cision of one of the British courts, to the effect
that it was the duty of the Government of Great
Britain to protect its citizens; and, if it failed to
do so, that it was its duty to pay whatever loss
was incurred by the citizen through violation of
law by any foreign Government. The gentleman
argued that while that might be good British iaw,
it was not good American law. I simply ask
whether the protection which the British Govern-
ment would extend to its subjects in such cases
ought not to be extended by the American Gov-
ernment to its citizens?
Mr. SKELTON. 1 will give the gentleman
question a direct answer. We should extend to
oui citizens all the protection which we can con-
sistently with a due regard to the rights and claims
of all; but we ought not to protect one citizen by
invading the rights of other citizens. I hold that
we should protect the rights of all citizens when
we can do so without injuring the rights and in-
terests of other citizens; but if, in protecting the
rights of certain citizens, we invade the rights,
pockets, and interests of other citizens, I say that
we get into a monarchical system of protection,
which, 1 am confident, the American people never
will sanction. The gentleman's argument is fal-
lacious.
