1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
286
Mr. MILLSON. With the permission of the
gentleman from New Jersey, I will, in reply; to
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,]
state a fact about which he seems to be either
uninformed, or misinformed. He asked whether
more was proposed by this bill than to pay these
claimants from the Treasury of the United States
just exactly the amount of money which they
had paid into it. The present claimants never
C'd a dollar of it into the Treasury—not one dol-
, sir.
Mr. HUNT. Let me ask the gentleman where
he gets {lis information ?
Mr. MILLSON. Prom thepapers in the case.
Mr. HUNT.' Statements made in the other
House are different from those made by the gen-
tleman, and I think that he is mistaken.
Mr. MILLSON. If the honorable gentleman
Will hear me read from the paper which I hold in
my hand he will not think that I am mistaken.
The present claimants, Belden & Co., purchased
tobacco in Mexico which was imported by an-
other house.
Mr. HUNT. That is only one item, and is
susceptible of satisfactory explanation.
Mr. MILLSON. Belden & Co., did not pay
the duties on that tobacco, but Turner & Ren-
shaw. After having paid these duties, and after
the termination of the w.ar with Mexico, some
difficulties arose between the Mexican authori-
ties and the importers as to the granting of per-
mits, and in consequence of these difficulties,
Turner & Renshaw, as they themselves declare
in the papers which I have before me, sold to
Belden & Co. this tobacco, which they say was
worth twenty-five dollars per quintal, at thirteen
dollars per quintal. The present claimants them-
selves state, that they purchased the tobacco of
the importers. And, sir, as the honorablegentle-
man from Louisiana has asked my authority fox
the fact, I wilt proceed to read it.
Mr. HUNT. No, sir, I did not ask the au-
thority for the fact stated. I asked authority for
the larger statement which the gentleman made.
The gentleman's statement may be correct as to
the importation of the tobacco, but it is erroneous
■when he says that Belden & Co. have never paid
one dollar into the Treasury. They have paid
largely upon many articles of merchandise. The
tobacco is but a single and small item in a large
account.
Mr. MILLSON I did not mean to be under-
stood to say that Belden & Co. had never, in all
their transactions,paid money into the Treasury.
I am only speaking of this particular case. I
thought the investigation only extended to this
case.
Mr. HUNT. The proposed investigation ex-
tends to many particulars; and the bill authorizes
the proper officer of the Government to ascertain
the amount of duties paid on every one and on all
of those particulars. Every dollar ascertained to
have been paid, ought to be refunded.
Mr. MILLSON. I know nothing of the vari-
ous transactions of Belden & Co. I am only allud-
ing to the particular case before us. My sole
object was, to reply to the interrogatory put by
the gentleman from Tennessee; and I will read the
statement of Turner & Renshaw themselves, in
reference to it. They say:
" At different periods during the time this tobacco was
kept on hand, by ttic denial of permits, portions of it were
eold in and about Matamoras, at a veiy reduced price, and
finally the last three hundred bales, or quintals, weie dis-
posed of to S. A. Belden & Co., at a very great sacrifice.
The average rate at which these fales were made, including;
the sales at Monterey, wag about thirteen dollars per
quintal, and this is the last modem which it could be sold;
whereas, if proper permits had been granted when de-
manded, in a reasonable time, itmighthave beensnld for an
average price of about twenty-live dollars per quintal or
bale."
And in the petition of Samuel A. Belden, which
I have before me, he states, that in September,
1848, he became the consignee of a quantity of
leaf tobacco, and finally purchased the same from
the owners, Messrs. Turner & Renshaw, of New
Orleans.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. What I was
about to say in reply to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, ia this : J stated yesterday that I was not
acquainted with the facts of this case. I had
never read a single paper in reference to it, and
did not pretend to be acquainted with the facts. I
stated then my view of the principle involved, and
now i will say in reply to what the gentleman has
said, that I do not think the fact he has disclosed
here, makes the slightest difference. I think if
the goods were taken from the purchaser, that he
is entitled to have the duties refunded to the same
extent that the importer would have been.
Mr. MILLSON. I will trespass upon the in-
dulgence of the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr.
Skelton] but a moment longer. I did not intend to
enter into a general discussion of the objections
which may arise to this bill; I simply rose to set the
gentleman right, or to answer an interrogatory
which he had propounded. 1 say, then, that it is
not the object of this bill to put into the pockets of
Belden & Co. money which they have paid to the
Government.
As these parties purchased the tobacco at the
very reduced price of thirteen dollars per quintal,
in consequence of the refusal of the Mexican Gov-
ernment to grant permits, and as they entered into
the speculation with a fjill knowledge of the diffi-
culties they had to encounter, and paid a price cor-
responding with the risks, 1 think that if anything
is due to anybody, it is to the original importers
who paid their money to the United States, and
who, it seems, were compelled to sell their goods
at a great sacrifice in consequence of the difficul-
ties made by the Mexican authorities.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man from New Jersey to allow me a moment.
Mr. SKELTON. I cannot give way further.
I will occupy the time of the House but a moment
longer. The discussion which has taken place
this morning fully, in my opinion, demonstrates
that this bill should never have come before the
House. The hot haste with which it came in
here, together with the zeal with which it was
pressed upon us, at once excited my suspicion.
The manner in which I was assailed for objecting
to it, also excited my suspicion.
Mr. PULLER. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman from New Jersey a question, with a view
of more fully understanding the merits of this
claim. I ask whether this was or was not a claim
presented before the Mexican Commission ap-
pointed under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo;
and, if it was not, whether it was not a proper
claim to have been adjudicated by that commis-
sion ?
Mr. SKELTON. Does the gentleman himself
know the facts about which he asks ?
Mr. FULLER. No, sir. I only asked for
information. Vrom the nature of the case, as
disclosed to the House, it seemed to me that it
was a proper claim to have been presented before
that commission, and I desired to know whether
such was the fact.
Mr. SKELTON. I do not know. But, sir,
enough has been developed to show that this bill
ought never to pass this House.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to state an additional fact in ref-
erence to the matter ?
Mr. SKELTON. No, sir, I cannot yield
further. The gentleman will allow me to answer
the interrogatories that have already been put be-
fore he files others. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee says this money is not to be taken out of
the Treasury of the United States, but the bill
proposes to refund the money which these parties
have paid into the Treasury. He says it is only
to pay back the duties which they have paid out
of their own pockets. Now, sir, suppose we
should pay back all the duties which individuals
have paid into the Treasury, what would become
of the revenue of the Government ? Where should
we get the revenue with which to carry on the
Government?
Mr. Speaker, I will add but a few words more.
I did not intend to be drawn into a discussion upon
this bill, but I have been drawn into it by the in-
temperate zeal with which this matter has been
pressed. The point presented is one of much im-
portance, and should not be passed without full
and thorough investigation.
We derive our revenuesfrom the duties paid upon
foreign goods which are imported into the country.
And when a man has imported goods; and paid
the duty imposed on them, that duty becomes a
part of the value of the goods themselves in the
hands of the merchant. The money paid into
the Treasury of the United States is the money
of the people of the United States, and when that
money is taken out and paid back to the importer,
a like amount must be raised upon some other
imports to make up the deficiency which would
necessarily arise in the revenue. 1 say that every
dollar taken out of the Treasury of the United
States to pay indemnities) or for any other pur-
pose, creates a deficiency which must be made up
by additional duties levied upon other goods, and
must, in the end, come out of the pockets of the
consumer.
Again, the gentleman talks about protection.
Why, sir, the support of the Navy of the Uriited
States costs us annually not less than ten millions
of dollars, and the greatobject in maintaining it is
for the protection of our merchant vessels in for-
eign seas; and the class of men who, for the most
part, furnish this protection, ask no protection in
return. I agree with the gentleman that we should
give protection to the American citizen wherever
he may be. Yes, sir, wherever the American
citizen may be—in whatever quarter of the world-
he should find protection under the American flag.
But the protection of the lives of our citizens is
one thing and the protection of property another.
That presents quite a different question for our
consideration. How far, when a man embarks in
an expedition into a foreign country, we should
protect his property, is entirely another question;
because, when a man engages in an enterprise in
which there is risk, he does it with the knowledge
that there is risk; and in proportion to the risk and
danger incurred will be his profit and reward, if
he is successful.
I think, Mr. Speaker, that this question is of
sufficient magnitude to deserve a more lengthy dis-
cussion; but I will not, at present, trespass further
upon the time of the House.
Mr. MILLSON obtained the floor.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Will the gen-
tleman from Virginia allow me to read a passage
from Mr. Walker's proclamation?
Mr. MILLSON. Not at present. I wish to
speak upon this question for about eight or ten
minutes, and no longer. But, sir, the day is now
considerably advanced, and although my remarks
will take up very little time, yet, perhaps, there
may be further discussion, and the yeas and nays
may be called. I think it would be better, there-
fore, for the House to go intothe Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and resume the
consideration of the important bill now pending
before it.
Mr. STANTON. I appeal to the gentleman to
allow me to read a brief passage from this procla-
mation. It will not take two minutes.
Mr. MILLSON. Why, sir, I shall probably
have occasion to reply and comment upon it, and
therefore, the gentleman had better read it to-mor-
row. I can see no necessity for reading it now.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Will my colleague,
before he submits his motion, allow me to s#y a
word ?
Mr. MILLSON. Why, that is exactly what
1 have just declined to allow the gentleman from
Tennessee to do.
Mr. BAYLY. I merely wish to say to the
House, that I hope the suggestion of my colleague
will be acquiesced in, for this is a case to which I
have given very little personal attention, and the
course of the debate has been a source of embar-
rassment to me.
Mr. MILLSON. Before submitting any mo-
tion, I desire to say, that I do not regard this bill
as so unimportant a one as the amount involved
in it might seem to imply. It involves a very
great, and, if my colleague will pardon me for
saying so, a dangerous principle of international
relations, and it is on that account, more than for
the amount involved, that I think this bill should
receive the deliberate consideration of the House.
I now mQve that the rules be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Orr in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being the Pacific rail-
road bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I propose to withdraw the
motion, which I submitted yesterday just before
the committee rose, to strike out the enacting
clause of the bill, and to let the committee go on
and perfect the bill.
