1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
railroad to the Pacific an exclusively southern or
a northern route; and I think that the whole coun-
try will be satisfied, and the commerce and trade
of the whole country will be provided for by the
construction of the central roaa. I have no doubt
as to thepracticability of the construction of a road
to the Pacific; and when that question is to be set-
tled, men from all parts of the country—north,
south, east, and west—in my judgment, will unite
in favor of the central route. If we come to that,
the Government then may properly give its aid to
the construction of the road. We do not need
three railroads; and one, in my opinion, will be
amply sufficient for our present purposes. If the
Government gives its aid to tne construction of
any road, she ought so to extend her aid as to
secure the construction of but one.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana.
If it is the design of the friends of a railroad
communication to the Pacific to pass any law
•whereby that object can be accomplished, some
such plan as that provided for by tnis bill must
-be adopted. This subject has been discussed in
this and the other branch of Congress for the
last five years; but the great difficulty in passing
any law upon the subject, has always been the
conflict between the local interests of different
parts of the Union—northern, southern, and cen-
tral interests. These have been sufficient, at all
times, to break down any plan projected for the
commencement of this work. With a knowledge
of these facts, the committee of the House framed
a bill for two roads, supposing that this course
would unite the friends of the northern and south-
ern routes. The central interest then complained,
and said that they also wanted a road. The
Senate committee adopted the suggestion made by
the friends of the central route.
1 wish to remark here, that the substitute now
under consideration does not provide for the con-
struction of any one road; but it simply provides
that, if parties come forward and undertake the
. construction of a road, the Government will give
them certain specific aid—such aid as the Govern-
ment can afford to give. I do not expect that all
three of these roads will be built; for we have not
the resources of capital and labor to do so; but I
have no doubt that the capitalists concerned in rail-
road enterprises, and the interests of the Pacific
coast, will so combine, under this bill, as to secure
the accomplishment of at least one road in a rea-
sonable length of time. In ten years, if it appears
that three roads are required for the business of the
country—and I believe myself that more than one
road is required for the business of the country—
why, parties can come forward and accept equal
terms, and we may have to meet the interests
and demands of the country by the construction
of three roads—the northern, central, and south-
ern.
I can see no objection to the substitute under
consideration; and I appeal to the friends of a rail-
road communication to the Pacific to secure its
passage now. At an early dayofthe last session,
I felt it to be my duty to introduce a bill for the
construction of a road to the Pacific, and a select
committee of thirteen was appointed, to whom the
subject was referred. That committee considered
the subject at great length, and, as the result of
their action, presented a bill, which was reported
to the House by myself, where it was discussed
for some time. The Senate committee, about the
same time, reported a bill also, for the construc-
tion of a road to the Pacific. The two committees
came together; but they could not agree upon a
plan; so, at that session, we were unable to secure
any action upon the subject. The Senate.com-
mittee, at a recent sitting, met and discussed the
subject again, having under consideration the
House bill, which they modified, and, as I think,
improved. We now have presented to us a bill
which is the result of the joint labors of the com-
mittees of both Houses, who have given their
attention towards maturing a bill as will suit'the
views of all interested in the construction of a
road to the Pacific. It is a bill as well matured
as any bill thathas ever been, or ever will be, before
Congress; and if this bill cannot pass, none aim-
ing to make a railroad communication to the Pacific
can pass.
The question then being on Mr. Hendricks's
amendment,
Mr. WHEELER demanded tellers! which were
ordered; and Messrs. Parker and Rowe were
appointed.
The committee was divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 39; noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. "WARREN. I move to amend the first
section, in the sixteenth line, by inserting, after
the word " of," the word " Arkansas," so as to
make it read i
Due road and telegraph, to commence on the western
border of the States of Arkansas, Missouri, or Iowa, and
to pursue the most eligible route to the bay of San Fran-
cisco ; which line shall be known as the Central Pacific
railroad.
Is offering this amendment, 1 must disclaim any
intention to embarrass the ultimate passage of
this bill. There has been no measure introduced
into tikis House since 1 have had the honor of a
ssat upon this floor, of which I more heartily
approve, than the one now under consideration.
There is none, I conceive, fraught with so much
importance to the whole country as this one.
Though I use the word "Arkansas" in the
amendment I have proposed, I disclaim all inten-
tion of making the matter a sectional measure.
This is one of the measures which should be
wholly divested of any sectional features what-
ever. This is a question in which the country,
the whole country—'the north, the south, the
east, and the west—are equally interested. And
yet I believe that nature has designed the country
which I have the honor in part to represent, as
the one through which this road should pass.
While I believe that route more perfectly adapted
for the construction of the work than any other, I
should scorn to vote against any bill for the reason
that it did not provide that the road should pass
through my own State, or any other particular
route. Whether it be a northern, a southern, or
an interior route, I say to the committee, and to
the House, that I am prepared to support it.
I believe the route I have indicated is a practica-
ble one, and its adoption would be the better policy
for us. We ought to look, in our investigations,
to what would be the- most practicable route.
But still that is a minor consideration, and, indeed,
a matter of no importance, when compared with
the vast magnitude and importance of the work
itself.
I represent upon this floor, probably, the most
ultra Qfmocratic constituency, more so, probably,
than that of any gentleman who is entitled to a seat
upon this floor. I represent what is termed a flat-
footed, straight-out Democracy, who are always
in favor of a strict construction of the Constitu-
tion. I represent that character of Democracy
who instruct their Representatives to vote against
all appropriations for the improvement of what
you term rivers and harbors; and that, too, upon
the great principle set forth in the veto of the
Maysville road bill.
But, although I represent a constituency of that
sort, I represent one sufficiently enlightened to
believe this to be a great national project; and 1
come here instructed to vote for it without qualifi-
cation. I will vote for a southern, a northern, or
a middle route; and I indorse every word the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. McDougall] has
said upon the subject to-day.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am surprised to
hear the gentleman announce his purpose to vote
for this bill, after the avowal that he represents a
straight-out, old fashioned Democratic constitu-
ency. Surely, as a straight-out Democrat, he can-
not'find, in the Constitution, any authority for the
building of this road. When I heard the gentle-
man explain the character of the constituency he
represented upon this floor, I hoped 1 should find
him opposed to the appropriation of any portion
of the public funds to this great enterprise. It is
very convenient, hut 1 do not believe it is very
sound flat-flooted Democracy.
The question was then taken upon Mr. War-
ren's amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. WALSH. Would a motion to strike out
the whole of the first section be in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It would be.
Mr. WALSH. Then I make that motion, and
I do it to enable me to say a few words in reply
to the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Warren,]
who has just taken his seat.
I did not intend to say anything in regard to
this question. I have been satisfied to justify my-
self through ray votes upon it; but when I hear a
scheme of this character put forward in the sa-
cred name of Democracy, I must protest against it.
I have listened, with most profound attention, to
the glowing descriptions, given by the gentlemen
who have advocated this bill, as to the great and
magnificent results which would flow from itscon-
sruction. I have no doubt that those results
would be fully achieved. I have no doubt, if this
Government, or any other Government, should
build a road through the desert of Sahara, it would
be of benefit to some individuals at each end of the
line. But if the building of this road was to effect,
not only all that has been claimed for it by its
most enthusiastic and sanguine friends, but would
also furnish food to the hungry, and clothes to
the naked, and yet, were to furnish it by a viola-
tion of one letter of the Constitution, as I under-
stand it, I should oppose it, as earnestly and
vehemently as I now do.
Railroads will keep pace with the wants of civili-
zation. There is an abundance of capital in the
world, and if this road is to be constructed as
provided for in the bill, it will be constructed by
capitalists, who will amass all the valuable lands
in the territory; and instead of settlements rolling
along like waves-upon the beach, it will simply
give an open line through the country to aggran-
dize the individuals who engage in the enterprise.
The widest and most reckless construction put
by the Federalists upon the Constitution, could aim
at nothing beyond this; and if the scheme is to
be perfected, in the name of all that is decent, let
it be boldly and openly declared that it is a
scheme to aggrandize a number of heartless spec-
ulators at the expense of the Constitution.
I, for one, as a Democrat, shall protest against
furnishing the means or money of this Government
to build this, or any other railroad; and so long as
I hold a seat upon this floor, I will never vote to
give a solitary inch of the public domain to rail-
roads, corporations, indigent insane, or any other
miserable transparent humbug brought here for
the purpose of robbing the people, and violating
the Constitution.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. Chairman, I shall
not argue the question of constitutional law with
the gentleman; nor shall I boast of my qualities
as a Democrat. I think that I understand the law
and myself as well as the gentleman understands
himself and the law. Nor shall I boast of my
constituents, although they are as sound Demo-
crats as can be found anywhere in the country. I
assert that this proposed enterprise is constitu-
tional for many reasons; but I am not disposed to
argue them. I think that the true policy of the
friends of the bill is to avoid further argument.
Mr. WALSH. And so I think.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I shall rise in opposition
to amendments, and demand the vote without
debate; that is, unless they are substantial and
important ones.
Mr. WALSH. I demand tellers on my amend-
ment to strike out the first section of the bill.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken on 'Mr. Walsh's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to strike out the
words " twelve miles," and in lieu thereof to in-
sert " one mile."
Mr. Chairman, I move theamendment, because
I believe that this project is a speculation from
beginning to end.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I rise to a question of
order. If I am not mistaken, the question has
already been taken on the gentleman's amend-
ment.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman is mistaken.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia will proceed.
Mr. LETCHER. I say that this whole Pacific
railroad scheme is intended to be a great specula-
tion.
Mr. McDOUGALL. A proposition to strike
out the entire first section was made and voted
down, and I would now ask the Chair, whether,
such being the case, a motion is now in order, by
way of amendment, to strike out particular words
of that section ? It strikes me not.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no doubt
of the gentleman's right to submit theamendment
to strike out particular words after the committee
has refused to strike out the section. The rule
says, that a motion to strike out and insert shall
be deemed indivisible} but that a motion to strike
