288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17.
out shall neither preclude a motion to strike out,
or to insert. The amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia is in order.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman, when this
Pacific railroad scheme was first introduced here,
I find that it was proposed to take the public land
within fifteen to twenty-five miles on either side of
the road, with the privilege of going thirty or
fifty miles on either side to make up . any defi-
ciency of public lands which might be ascertained
within the first named distance. The next thing I
find in connection with the matter is, that the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] proposed to
take from the public lands within ten miles on
either side of the road, from end to end. The
third proposition is the amendment now under
consideration, which proposes that they shall take
within twelve miles on either side of the road. I
say that these facts—if facts can be relied on to
demonstrate anything—demonstrate, clearly and
conclusively, the design is, to see exactly what sort
of a bargain they can make with the Government,
and how much land they can get from it in this
scheme of speculation.
There are other facts, sir, which I take for the
purpose of illustration, in order to show that the
conclusion which t have drawn is the correct one.
When this thing was first proposed, the mails were
to be transported for §600 the mile? now the price
is reduced to $300 the mile, or just one half. The
reduction has gone on just as the reduction in the
quantity of land demanded. Just as the difficul-
ties in getting it through have increased, has the
scheme been reduced; and it is being reduced in
the hope of bringing it within the capacity of the
throat of the House to swallow.
The gentleman says that Democracy tolerates
this bill. Well, sir, that may be; but I will
frankly confess that I had no such idea of De-
mocracy. I did not know that it came within
gun-shot of any Democracy, until some eighteen
months, or so, ago, when certain things occurred
in a northern tour which induced me to believe
that it might come in under a Democratic head.
{Laughter.] Since that time I" find that it has
been Democratic to a great extent, and that it is
now advocated as Democratic policy, as the very
best policy for developing the resources of this
Government, and for carrying out the great design
which was intended to be effected by the Govern-
ment in the construction of what are known aa
military roads. This is the first military railroad.
We have had several mud turnpike military roads,
with appendages of wells, to bring them within
the provisionsof the Constitution. 1 do not know
what Democracy may be in Arkansas, but I do
know what it is down in Virginia; and I know
that, according to our standard, it does not come
within a league of that standard. [Laughter.]
But the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Wab-
REitf,J I have no doubt, will say that f belong to
what is known as the abstraction school. It may
be so; I do not know how that is; lint certain it is,
that 1 do not measure my Democracy by ten,
twelve, or twenty-five miles on either side of any
road.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GREY. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to
the amendment offered by the honorable member
from Virginia. The effect and the object of his
amendment is to defeat this great national line of
improvement, by preventing a donation of any
lands to aid in its construction. Every member
will assuredly agree with me that, so soon as the
rapidly increasing new States shall have the
strength, they will pass through Congress a law
giving all the public lands to the States ami Terri-
tories in which they lie. Then, sir, let us now,
while we yet hold those lands subject to the
disposal of the National Legislature, make such
liberal grants as will secure the construction of
national improvements.
The honorable gentleman says the proposition
for a Pacific railroad and telegraph line is a scheme
for speculation. Sir, if it is, let me remind this
House that it will be a speculation in which all the
States and Territories of this whole Union will be
equally and alike interested.
Both the gentlemen from Virginia, [Mr. Letch-
er and Mr. Smith,] and others, argue that it will
be unconstitutional, and against true Democratic
doctrine, to appropriate public lands for building
this " mighty highway, this " world's thorough-
fare," which all must admit is a " national work,"
Now, Mr. Chairman, I will not attempt an
argument on that subject, because I think precedent
—the action of previous Congresses and of pre-
vious Administrations, from the beginning of our
Government down to the present time, ought
to be regarded as having settled the proper con-
struction of the Constitution upon that subject.
I will remind the gentleman that it was a Demo-
crat, good and true, who introduced into Congress
the propositions which resulted in the large appro-
priations of public lands which secured the com-
pletion of the railroads from Chicago and from
Galena, through Illinois to the mouth of the Ohio
river, and also from Mobile to the mouth of the
Ohio, and from the mouth of the Ohio, across the
States of Missouri and Arkansas, to Texas. Aye,
sir, and it was, too, by Congresses largely Demo-
cratic that the public lands were appropriated to
aid in the construction of those lines of railroads.
Mr. Chairman, the proposition to build the
" Atlantic and Pacific railroad" from New York,
through our own country, to the Pacific, origin-
ated from the acquisition of our possessions on the
Pacific. The necessity for getting to those Terri-
tories immediately, commanded the expenditure of
private capital and individual enterprise, in build-
ing up and famishing facilities for travel and trans-
portation through the Mexican and Central Amer-
ican Governments, by the i' Panama route," the
"Nicaragua route," the "Ramsay," and other
routes passing across where the land travel was
shortest. But, sir, enterprising and patriotic Jhneii-
cans wanted an American route, passing from New
York, through our own country, to the shores of
the Pacific. It seemed to be conceded by all, that
individual wealth and enterprise, together with
aid from States, counties, and towns, could and
would build the road on that part of the route
between New York and the Mississippi river, but
that the nation, through Congress, ought to, and
would, aid in constructing that portion from the
Mississippi river to the Pacific. Such, sir, was,
and is at present, the public expectation; and
was, and is, indorsed by the public sentiment of
this Union.
You are aware, Mr. Chairman, that the several
lines of railroad will soon be completed from New
York and the eastern Atlantic cities to the Missis-
sippi river, on each of the following routes, to wit;
h'rom New York, by Baltimore and this city,
across the southern Atlantic States, via Mqjitgom-
ery, Alabama, &c., to New Orleans and Vicks-
burg. Also, from New York, through Washing-
ton city, via Lynchburg and Abingdon, Virginia,
Knoxville, Chattanooga, &c., to Memphis, Ten-
nessee. Also, from New York, via Washington
city by Charlottesville and Staunton, Virginia,
and across the Kanawha valley, by mouth of
Big Sandy, Lexington and Louisville, Kentucky,
to the Mississippi river, below and near to the
mouth of the Ohio. Also, from New York and
Philadelphia, across Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, to
that great river, at different points.
Yes, sir, all these roads from the eastern
Atlantic to that great river of the West, will soon
be completed, without having been aided in their
construction by the General Government. And,
sir, it was in anticipation of the speedy comple-
tion of the roads on those routes that induced,
during the first session of the last Congress, all
those various rival propositions for grants of lands
to aid in extending the national railroad, from the
following points on the Mississippi river, to the
shores of the Pacific, to wit: One proposition was
for the road from New Orleans across; another for it
from Vicksburg, another from Memphis; another
from the mouth of the Ohio; another from St.
Louis, and others from points on that river still
further north.
Such, sir, were the rival propositions for fixing
the starting points fiom the Mississippi to the
Pacific, and they were all defeated, except the one
fixing the point on that river opposite or near the
mouth of the Ohio as the eastern terminus of that
great national road. The Journals and the laws
of Congress, and the laws of Texas, will prove
that appropriations of public lands have already s
been granted, which will secure the building of the j
Pacific road from the mouth of the Ohio, across j
Arkansas and Texas, to El Paso, on the Rio j
Grande, which was our extreme western bound-
ary in that direction, until the late acquisition, by
the Gadsden treaty, of that territory between EI
Paso and the Pacific.
The reasons why the point on the Mississippi,
at or near the mouth of the Ohio, was preferred
above all others as the eastern terminus of a
national road, are obvious. That may be said
to be the mouth of all the rivers between the
Alleghany and Rocky mountains.
The waters of the Cumberland and the T ennessee
from the south, mingle there with the waters of the
Missouri, the Mississippi, and the Illinois, from
the Rocky mountains and the northern lakes; and
also boats from the Alleghany, the Monongahela,
the Wabash, &c., whether from Pittsburg to St.
Louis, or to New Orleans, must pass the mouth of
the Ohio. That point is half way from the head
to the mouth of the Mississippi, and it is the point
on that mighty river where the non-slaveholding
and the slaveholding States come together. Thus,
sir, it is not only geographically, but politically,
central. Sir, when all these various propositions
came before the last Congress, it was soon per-
ceived that, if but one road was to be built, it
would be impossible to obtain a grant of lands for
building a national railroad from a point on the
Mississippi river, below the mouth of the Ohio,
from opposite a elaveholding State, or from a
point north of the mouth of the Ohio, from oppo-
site a non-slaveholding State. But the railroads
passing from the lakes across Indiana, JjUinois,
&c., and also those from the south Atlantic and
the Gulf of Mexico, from Mobile, Charleston,
&c., could all conveniently connect at the mouth
of the Ohio, with a national road from that point.
Sir, if but one road is to be built, by the funds
of the General Government, from the Mississippi
river to the Pacific, that road ought to start from
the most central and national point on that river.
I mean, sir, from that point which would be most
accessible to all the States and lines of improve-
ments east of that river.
Now, sir, I am willing that all three oT these
roads, provided for in this bill, may be built; and
I am willing to give to each one of them equal
congressional aid.
I will say to those who speak in terms of ridi-
cule of the effort to build a road from the Atlantic
to the Pacific, and who call it a humbug, and a
mere scheme for speculation—I say, sir, that I
ask such to investigate, and when they see that a
line of railroad is now rapidly progressing towards
completion from New York, across Maryland, by
this city, and Virginia, by the mouth of the
Big Sandy and Louisville, to the mouth of the
Ohio; and when they see that the previous appro-
priations of public lands will insure the completion
of the road from the mouth of the Ohio to El
Paso, then, sir, I think they will admit that the
passage of this bill will secure the completion of
this great road through to the shores of the Pacific.
Mr. Chairman, if the State and individual sub-
scriptions, and appropriations of public lands, will
certainly enable the energetic and enterprising
companies to complete this line of road from New
York, across Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky,Ar-
kansas, and Texas,to El Paso, is thereonemem-
ber in this House who will refuse to grant lands
to aid in extending it across the six or seven hun-
dred miles between El Paso and the Pacific ?
Sir, last Congress was Democratic by a majority
of about three to one; yet, sir, last Congress ap-
propriated the lands for building the road/rem. the
mouth of the Ohio, by Little Hock ai\d Fulton, to the
Texas border.
Mr. Chairman, I regard this route through
Texas as equally and alike convenient to the
North and South, and to all the States that are east
of the Mississippi river; for, sir, its eastern termin-
us at the mouth of the Ohio is equidistant from the
important commercial cities on the northern and
northeastern lakes, and those on the southern and
southeastern cities.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
. Mr. COBB. Did I understand the Chair to de-
cide that the first section of the substitute could
not be amended ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair made no such
decision.
Mr COBB. Did I understand the Chair to de-
cide that a motion to strike out and insert would
not be in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has made no
such decision. The first section of the substitute
is open to amendment.
