THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 18, 1855.
New Series....No. 19.
Mr. COBB. I move, then, to strike out of the
first section the following:
" That, with the view of aiding in the construction of a
suitable railroad and telegraphic communications between
the Mississippi valley and the Pacific ocean, there shall be,
and is hereby, appropriated and setapart a quantity of pub-
lic land equal to the alternate sections for the &pace of
twelve miles on each side of said roads, from their eastern
to their western termini, as follows: .
" One road and telegraph, to commence on the western
border of the State of Texas, and to pursue the most eligible
route to the navigable waters of the Pacific in the State of
California; whi^h line shall be known as the Southern Pa-
cific railroad.
" One road and telegraph, to commence on the western
border of the States of Missouri or Iowa, and to pursue the
most eligible route to the Bay of San Francisco; which line
shall be known as the Central Pacific rrailroad.'-''
and to insert as follows:
That, for the purpose of aiding and securing the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraphic line from the Mississippi
rivei, at a point not north of the thirty-seventh parallel of
north latitude, to the city of San Francisco, in the State of
California, there shall be, and hereby is, appropriated and set
apart a quantity of land, equal to the alternate sections to
the width of fifteen miles on each syie of such road from
the terminus theieof, on the Mississippi river, to the one
hundred and sixth degree of longitude west from Green-
wich; and fiom thence westerly to the eastern line of the
State of Oahtoniia, alternate sections to tne width ot twen-
ty-five miles on each side of such load; and from thence,
through the said State of California, to the western ter-
minus of such road, alternate sections to the width of fifteen
miles on each side thereof; such lands to be selected from
the sections which shall be desicjnatod in the public sui voys
of said land (when made) by odd numbers and to be held
and conveyed as herein provided. Am! in all ca^es when
tin; United" States may have disposed of any surh hinds, or
shall, from any can<e, be unable to convey a title thereto,
the deficiency "may be made up by the patty or panics enti-
tled theieto Iromany unoccupied and nnappiopn.ited lands
belonging to the United Stales witlun the distance of thiity
miles from the said road.
Those who are acquainted with the action of
the committee of thirteen, which was raised upon
this subject, will discover that this amendment
corresponds with the first action of that commit-
tee, and with the plan which they at first recom-
mended to be reported, in connection with the
first section of the bill. That committee, how-
ever, as i understand, have recently held another
meeting. Indeed, sir, I was notified to attend a
meeting of our committee some time last week;
but, in consequence of previous engagements, 1
was unavoidably absent, ft seems that, at this
meeting, they agreed to modify their former action,
and to substitute the bill which is now before us
in place of that reported by them.
Sir, I am opposed to this bill. I am opposed
to this first section; and unless amended by the
committee in the manner I have indicated in
my amendment, I cannot vote for it. I will say
further, that I cannot vote for authorizing the
construction of three roads. The chairman of
that committee [Mr. McDougall] will bear me
witness, that I have all along protested against the
construction of more than two roads across the
continent to the Pacific. In the early sessions of
our committee it was agreed that we should rec-
ommend the construction of two roads—a north-
ern and a southern one. We agreed that the
northern route should tap the Mississippi at some
point north of 37^ north latitude, and that the
southern route should tap the Mississippi south
of 37°. I then supposed that our labors were
regarded as completed, and a bill was reported to
the House as agreed upon. But now it seems
that the more recent action of our committee calls
for the construction of three roads. Sir, when in
committee, I strenuously opposed any plan that ,
should embrace three roads; and I now tell the j
committee that I will not vote for any bill which
authorizes them. '
The amendment which I have offered conforms, \
so far as the southern route is concerned, pre- :
cisely with the bill first reported by our commit- j
tee, and which was agreed upon by them, as a i
compromise. Sir, this whole matter was up in j
our committee. It was fully discussed; and we 1
then determined that we would not report more
than two routes. We determined that the north- :
ern delegation should fix their route just where
they pleased. And we determined to fix the
southern route far enough to the north to satisfy,
19
if possible, every portion of the country. We
agreed that it might tap the Mississippi as
far north as 37° north latitude; although by so
doin^, we did not consult "the accommodation of
the great majority of the people of the South. We
were willing, however, to go that far by way of
compromise; but when I am asked to do more
than this, I cannot do it.
I am, to-day, ready to vote for a proper Pacific
railroad bill. I am ready to vote for such a bill
as was originally reported by the committee of
which I am a member, with some modifications,
which gives to the North a road, to the South a
road, and furnishes ample accommodations to all
sections of the country. I repeat, that I am ready
to go as far north as 37° north latitude; but when
you ask me to do more, my duty to the people
whom I represent will not permit me; my own
consciousness of right and justice—equal justice to
the whole country, and a proper protection for
the national Treasury—compel me to say that I
cannot do more.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish very much that
I could have framed a bill that would have pre-
cisely suited me, for the construction of a railroad
to the Pacific; and which could have met with the
approbation of the House. I should have liked
it exceedingly; but 1 found that there were here
two or three hundred men, who had each, just as
much to say upon the subject as 1 had myself. I
found that, to bring a measure before the House
for the accomplishment of this object with any
chances of success, must involve a compromise. I
would not compromise a principle, but upon a mat-
ter of mere expediency lam willing to compromise.
Mr. BRIDGES, (interrupting.) I wish to ask
the gentleman a question. I desire to know
whether it was the intention in introducing this
bill really to build three roads to the Pacific, or
whether the object in providing for three routes,
was nut to make the measure more popular, and
thereby increase the strength of the bill in the
House ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is for the purpose of
satisfying all interests and sections of the country
that we have reported three roads. It would be
impossible to agree upon any one route that would
satisfy the North, the Central, and the South; to
satisfy them, therefore, we have agreed to report
three separate routes. Now, my friend fiom
Alabama was a member of the select committcc,
and I have been in frequent consultation with
him, and 1 regret exceedingly that the committee
has taken such action as cannot, under any cir-
cumstances, meet with his concurrence. But I
think my friend from Alabama insists too much on
having the measure exactly in his own way, if he
is a true and honest friend of the measure.
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman let me say a
word ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. In a moment. I will. I
will say to the gentleman that the southern road,
or the central road, will as well accommodate the
people of Alabama as any road that could he
established between the thirty-seventh parallel
and the Gulf of Mexico.
Mr. COBB. Does the gentleman suppose that
I am legislating here for the State of Alabama
alone? Because, if he does, he is mistaken.
Mr. McDOUGALL. For Alabama first.
Mr. COBB. No, sir; my country first, and
then my constituents.
! [Cries of " Good !"]
Mr. McDOUGALL. I admire the sentiment
| of the gentleman from Alabama. But I say again,
i that we do not propose to build three roads; and
] I think that, if the people of Alabama could find
no other way to the Pacific, they would not find
it altogether impracticable to take the " British
I hyperborean" route.
The friends of this measure have thought it
necessary to adopt the Senate bill as a compro-
mise. The Senate measure is not a new one, as
the gentleman intimates. It is the House raeas-
| ure/with only two material changes — incorpo-
I rating another road, and striking out the military
j features of the bill.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cobb's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. 1 move, Mr Chair-
man, to amend the first section of tie substitute
proposed by the honorable gentleman from Lou-
isiana, [Mr. Dunbar,] by inserting after the word
"the," where it first occurs in the seventh line,
the word " third," and also by striking out the
word " twelve," at the end of the same line, and
inserting " forty " in lieu thereof. That amend-
ment, if adopted, will make the clause read as
follows:
That, with the view of aiding in the construction of
suitable railroads and telegraphic communications between
the Mississippi valley and the Pacific ocean, there shall be,
and is hereby, appropriated and set apart a quantity of public
land, equal to the third alternate seclions tor the space of
forty miles on each side of said roads from their eastern to
their western termini, &c.
Mr. Chairman, I offer that amendment for the
purpose of calling the attention of the committee
to what I regard as one very important feature in
any measure which contemplates the successful
prosecution, by the aid of this Government, of this
magnificent scheme. My object is to incorporate,
in a subsequent part of this bill, the homestead
provision, which has been pending before this
House, upon the basis of a proposition of which
the following is the substance:
That the said lands, within forty miles on each side of
said railroads, shall be disposed ofinthe manner following:
First. One Ihvrd. part thereof shall beset apart for donation
to actual settlers, under the provisions of this biii. Second.
One third part thereof shall be set apart to be appropriated ia
aid of the construction of said railroads, as hereinafter pro-
vided. Thiid. One thiid part thereof shall be reserved by
the General Government, to be disposed of as other public
land.
Mr. Chairman, this bill (the substitute of the
gentleman from Louisiana) contemplates the con-
struction of railroads of some two or three thou-
sand miles in extent. The original bill to which
this substitute has been offered as an amendment,
contemplates the establishment of military posts
along the line of the roads for their protection.
The substitute is silent on that subject. One of
my objections to the original bill was the estab-
lishment of those military posts. This bill, by its
very silence upon that question, is rendered still
more objectionable.
How do you now propose to protect these lines
of roads? I will suggest to you the only alterna-
tive left: apply the principle of the homestead bill
to the lines of these roads; carry settlement along
with them as their prosecution progresses; carry
the plow and the hoe there, instead of the musket
and the bayonet, and then away with your mili-
tary posts.
Sir, if we ad'opt this substitute some such pro-
vision is most obviously indispensable.
I have heard objections to the idea of adopting
the homestead policy as a part of this measure,
predicated upon the ground that it would have a
tendency to cheapen public lands, and hence to
depreciate the value of the fund by which the Gov-
ernment proposes to aid this enterprise. This is
all a mistake. You must settle up the lines of
these roads; you must have homes for your labor-
ers there, and encourage the settlement of the
country across the continent.
Sir, if the homestead policy is not to be adopted,
as a general measure, at least let its application—
now become a necessity—be made along the lines
of these three great roads.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Chairman, I am
opposed to the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Indiana. The principle of the bill is
extensive enough in itself, without drawing after
it other important questions. It may be that there
are gentlemen here who will vote for this appro-
priation of lands to aid in the construction of these
roads who are opposed to the principle of the
homestead bill.
But there are special reasons why the princi-
ples of the homestead bill—and I may as well
state here, that I have uniformly voted for that
measure, since I have had a seat in Congress-
should not be applied to lands reserved by the
