*92
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
Representatives to reorganize the courts in the said
District, and to reform the laws thereof; which wsa
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Richard S.
Cqxe, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, it was
Ordered, That the heirs-at-Iaw of Henry Miller have
leave to withdraw his petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it waa
Ordered, That Edward Riddle, of Boston, have leave to
withdraw his memorial, for the purpose of obtaining a copy
, of it.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred a
memorial of the grand jury of the United States
district court for the Wisconsin district, at Janu-
ary term, 1855, praying that the appropriation for
a building for the post office, custom-house, and
United States court at Milwaukie, may be in-
creased, reported a bill changing the appropria-
tion for the erection of a building in the city of
Milwaukie, for a custom-house, post office, and
the United States courts; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred resolutions of the Board of Council
of the city of Rock Island, Illinois, praying that
that place may be made a port of delivery, re-
ported a bill to constitute Rock Island, in the State
of Illinois, a port of delivery; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. WELLEIt submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That from and after the 20th instant, Friday of
each week during tile present session, shall lie devoted to
the consideration of the Private Calendar in preference to
any other business.
HON. MOSES NORRIS.
Mr. TOUOEY submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the Senate be requested
to communicate to the Executive of the State of New
Hampshire information of the death of the Hon. Moses
Norns, late a Senator from that State.
SAVANNAH RIVER.
Mr. DAWSON. In conformity with a notice
which I gave on a previous day, I now ask leave
to introduce a bill "to appropriate money to re-
move the obstructions in the Savannah river,
below the city of Savannah, in the State of Geor-
gia. I ask that it may be read twice, and made the
special order for this day week, with other bills
of a like character.
Leave was granted to introduce the bill; and it
was read twice by its title, and postponed to, and
made the special order for, Wednesday, the 24th
instant.
JAMES POOL.
Mr. WADE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of James Pool, to submit a report, accompanied
by a bill for his relief. I ask the Senate to con-
sider the bill now. It is for the benefit of a poor
man, who has been waiting here for a long time,
and it is proper that it should be disposed of at
once.
The bill was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading. It proposes to direct the proper
accounting officer of the Treasury to pay to James
Pool ยง2,262 for money advanced by him to pur-
chase corn for the Seneca and Shawnee Indians,
in the spring of 1834, at the request of Governor
Stokes, Indian agent, and interest thereon; and
for interest on sundry sums advanced by him for
the use of those Indians, between the years 1823
and 1838, which sums were not refunded until
1853, for want of appropriations for that purpose;
and this amount is to be in full for all existing
claims of Pool against the United States, growing
out of any transactions with those tribes.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Ohio
asks for the immediate consideration of the bill.
It requires unanimous consent. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. STUART. I do not propose to object to
the consideration of the bill; but inasmuch as
the report is not printed, I should be glad if the
Senator from Ohio would state briefly what are
the circumstances of the case.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WADE. The bill received the unanimous
sanction of the Committeeon Claims. Contrary to
our usual custom, we propose m this bill to allow
interest on certain advances made by this individ-
ual while he was engaged as a blacksmith among
the Indians. It comes within the rule which has
been adopted by the committee, and, I believe,
sanctioned by the Senate. The sums which he
paid out have since been refunded by the Govern-
ment; the liability of the Government to pay them
has thereby been acknowledged. His account
was presented many years ago, and payment was
refused barely because there was no appropriation
to meet it. Under such circumstances, we have
always allowed interest, I believe, and in no other
case, so far as I know. This case, coming within
the rule, we propose to award interest from the
time when the presentation of the claim was made
and payment was refused. That is the principle
on which the bill is founded. The report is a long
one, and sets forth all the facts.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
Mr. WADE. I now move that the report of
the committee in this case be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ENLARGEMENT OF GENERAL POST OFFICE.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senate now to take
up for consideration the bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings " to authorize the en-
largement of the General Post Office building."
It is necessary for the convenient transaction of
the public business that it should be passed at
once. I received a communication from the Post-
masterGeneral,callingmy attention to the subject,
at the last session. I then endeavored to attach
the measure to the civil and diplomatic appropri-
ation bill; but finding that to be impracticable, I
reported this bill from the committee at the present
session. The consideration of the bill will not
take many minutes. I move that it be now taken
up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
accordingly read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the President of the
United States to cause the General Post Office
building to be enlarged according to the following
described plan: The building, when completed, to
cover the entire block bounded by E, F, Seventh,
and Eighth streets, and to have a court-yard in the
center, approached by an archway in the middle
of the western front, sufficiently spacious for the
ingress and egress of mail wagons; the present
halls running parallel to Seventh and Eighth streets
to be continued to F street, with rooms on each
side, arranged to suit the purposes of the Depart-
ment; accommodations to be made for the city
post office on the center of the block on F street,
and an arcade of about sixty feet in length to be
made for a letter delivery; the arcade to be sur-
mounted by a recessed portico of four columns,
flanked by coupled pilasters. Thefrontson Seventh
and Eighth streets each are to have the present
design of the south end repeated on the north end,
and a portico of six columns, coupled at the cor-
ners, introduced in the center of the block. The
style of architecture of the present building is to
be carried out in the additions, and the whole is to
be made thoroughly fire proof, and to be con-
structed under, and subject to, the direction of the
President of the United States.
Mr. BAYARD. There is a blank in that por-
tion of the bill which proposes to make an appro-
priation for the purpose indicated. I move to fill
the blank with $300,000. The whole estimate
for the complete enlargement is $650,000; but
$300,000 is ail that can be expended properly and
judiciously during the next fiscal year. The plan
of the enlargement has been adopted after much
deliberation with the officers of the Post Office
Department. It provides not only for the General
Post Office, but also for the city post office, and
affords ample room for both. The mode in which
the building is to be constructed is pointed out in
the bill in a definite manner, so as to insure that
there shall be no alteration in the general course
of the structure. None but internal alterations
can possibly be made under the bill as it is framed.
As the enlargement is absolutely necessary, I trust
there will be no difficulty in passing the bill. Cer-
tainly we can make no, better use of the public
money lying in the Treasury, than to expend a
portion of it in the construction of buildings ade-
quate to the performance of the duties imposed
on this Government, here or elsewhere. I send
to the Chair a communication from the Postmaster
General, which I ask may be read.
The Secretary read it as follows:
Post Office Department, June 3, 1854.
Sir : Finding the present Post Office building entirely too
small for the business of the Department, I requested the
architect of public buildings to prepare plans and estimates
for extending it. These plans I herewith submit to you,
together with a report and estimate from Mr. Walter, and
respectfully request you to bring the subject before the
committee, with a view to such action of Congress in refer-
ence to it as may be deemed most expedient.
lam of opinion that these plans, if properly carried out,
will afford ample and convenient accommodations, not only
for the Post Office Department but also for the city post
office, which is now kept in a very frail and unsafe build-
ing adjoining the General Post Office building.
I ain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES CAMPBELL,
Postmaster General.
Hon. James A. Bayard,
Chairman Committee on Public Buildings.
Mr. BAYARD. I also hold in my hand a de-
scription, prepared by the public architect, of the
internal arrangements and extent of accommoda-
tion under the enlarged plan. 1 do not know,
however, that it is necessary to read it. I hope
the Senate will pass the bill.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Delaware to fill
the blank with $300,000.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in. The bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, was read a third
time, and passed
COMMODORE JONES.
Mr. GWIN. I move that the bill reported by
the Committee on Naval Affairs, for the relief of
Captain Thomas Ap Catesby Jones, be taken up.
It was reported a long time ago. I think there
will be no objection to it. It is important that it
should be acted on at an early day, so as to be
sent to the House in time for their action at the
present session.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was read
a second time, and considered, as in Committee of
the Whole. Its object is to direct the payment to
Commodore Jones of the amount of salary of
which he was deprived by the decision of a court-
martial in 1851, with a proviso that the act is not
to be construed as an expression of opinion upon
the organization, conduct, or decision of thecourt.
Mr. STUART. I should like to hear the re-
port in that case.
Mr. GWIN. I do not think the bill is accom-
panied by a report. I can state the facts.
The PRESIDENT. There is no report among
the papers in the case.
Mr. GWIN. I will state briefly the reasons
which induced the committee to report the bill.
The case is an elaborate one. Commodore Jones
was suspended by a court-martial which he con-
tended, (and successfully contended in the estima-
tion of some portions of the committee,) was not
properly organized, and whose judgment was un-
just to him. There was no objection in the com-
mittee, however, to granting relief; and in order
that it might be granted, we agreed to give no
opinion in regard to the organization of the court,
which, it was contended, we^s improperly organ-
ized, or in regard to the decision, which it is al-
leged was not just. These allegations had so much
weight that the President of the United States
restored him; but the pay cannot be restored with-
out an appropriation.
Mr. STUART. It seems to me that this case
is one requiring, perhaps, more strictly than cases
generally do, that the committee should have re-
ported all the facts which guided them in their
determination. The effect of the bill is to dispense
with the action of a court-martial so far as the
suspension is concerned. Its effect is to pay this
officer the same as if he had never been tried and
suspended. I csn very well see that the President
of the United States might, for obvious reasons
satisfactory to himself, restore this officer to hia
