1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
command, without, in any degree, intending
thereby to affect the propriety of his suspension.
It does not follow at all that, because he has been
restored, the suspension was improper. There is
no such inference to be drawn from it. Now, I
think that before we, as a Congress, without any
Knowledge or,\ the subject whatever, undertake to
override the action of a court-martial, we should
have the matter so expressed by a report of the
proper committee as to place it beyond all doubt.
I hope the Sena.te, at all events, at this time, will
, not pass the bill.
Mr. GWIN. The papers in the ca3e are very
voluminous. This court-martial was called to sit
on the conduct of Commodore Jones in Califor-
nia, while in command of the Pacific station. The
decision of the court-martial was looked upon as
very unjust towards Commodore Jones, because
of the organization of the court, and because ex
parte testimony was taken, on which the finding of
the court is based. It is a delicate subject between
officers of theNavy. The President ot'the United
States restored him before the time expired for
which he was suspended from the Navy; but he
could not give him his pay, and, therefore, he came
before Congress for an appropriation. 1 have no
doubt, that if the papers, which are very elabo-
rate, were read to the Senate, the Senator from
Michigan himself would be in favor of the bill;
but l will consent that it shall lie over until to-
morrow, by which time the papers may be ex-
amined. The Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,]
who is not now in his seat, is perfectly familiar
with the case, and I am willing that it shall lie
over until to-morrow in order that all the facts
may be placed before the Senate.
Mr. SI'UART. I will ask the Senator a ques-
tion, if he pleases. Was the sentence of suspen-
sion approved by the President ?
Mr. GWIN. It was approved at the time, cer-
tainly, but Commodore jones was afterwards re-
stored.
Mr. STUART. Exactly. It is as I supposed.
I hope the Senator's motion will prevail, so that
the matter may be fully considered.
The further consideration of the bill was post-
poned till to-morrow.
SYLVESTER AND ALEXANDER HUMPHREY.
On motion by Mr. WADE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
House bill for the relief of Sylvester Humphrey,
and the heirs of Alexander Humphrey, deceased.
The object of the bill is to direct the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Sylvester Humphrey,
and the heirs of Alexander Humphrey, deceased,
the sum of $2,500—one moiety to Sylvester Hum-
phrey, and the other moiety to the heirs of Alex-
ander Humphrey, deceased—for rebuilding the
wharf atStaten lsland.after it had been destroyed
by the stoim of the 3d of September, 1821.
Mr. STUART called for the reading of the re-
port of the Committee on Claims, and it was
accordingly read.
It appears, from the report, that Sylvester Hum-
phrey and Alexander Humphrey contracted on the
3d of July, 1820, with the collector of the port of
New York, to repair a wharf at Staten island,
and, also, to build a new wharf at the same place,
in a workmanlike manner, to be completed by
the 10th day of June, 1821, for #13,499. They
prosecuted the work with due energy, and fin-
ished the repairs of the old wharf according to
contract. On examining the timber used in the
old wharf, it was ascertained that the hemlock
timber, with the bark on, was in a good state of
preservation, while the hemlock, with the bark off,
was, m a great measure, destroyed by worms.
In consequence of this, the Government agent de-
termined to use hemlock timber with the bark on,
in the construction of the new wharf. Such tim-
ber could not be procured in market, and the con-
tractors were compelled to seek it in the forest,
cut it, and transport it to the place where it was
to be used. This they did, at great expense,
although it was not required by contract, but with
the understanding that they were not to be preju-
diced, in the case of a failure to complete the job
within the time specified.
The contractors proceeded energetically, and
would have completed the work within the time
required by the contract but for the action of the
Government officers, who insisted on fastening
■ vessels to the new deck before it was finished.
While it was in this condition a severe storm
occurred by which thirty vessels were driven upon
and over the wharf. In consequence of this the
contractors suffered damage to the extent of
$2,500, the amount provided by the bill to be paid.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and
COURT-HOUSE AT KEY WEST.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill to provide for the construction of a suit-
able building for the accommodation of the district
court of the United States at Key West, in the
State of Florida.
It proposes to appropriate $8,000 for this object.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had passed a joint resolution
to pay the pension due James Capen to his ad-
ministrator.
CONGRESSIONAL COMPENSATION.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the bill to increase the compensation of
Judges of the Supreme Court, and of members of
both Houses of Congress.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend the prop-
osition of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Geyer,]
which I understand is now pending, so as to fix
the salary of the judge of the northern district of
Florida at $2,500.
Mr. BADGER. That is all withdrawn. It is
not before the Senate.
Mr. MALLORY. I was not aware of that.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator from Missouri
has withdrawn all his amendments except that
portion relating to the salaries of the Judges of the
Supreme Court.
The PRESIDENT. If no further amendment
be offered, the bill will be reported to the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. I have an amendment which
I desire to offer as an additional section. It is to
carry out the principles on which the bill was
originally reported, of allowing the Federal offi-
cers the same compensation as is allowed for sim-
ilar services by the respective States.
Several Senators. All that is withdrawn.
Mr. WELLER. I should like to know how
much of the bill is really left.
Mr. TOOMGS. I will state that all that por-
tion of the bill except what relates to the salaries
of the Judges of the Supreme Court was with-
drawn by my friend, the Senator from Missouri;
and it now stands solely fixing the salaries of the
Judges of the Supreme Court.
The PRESIDENT. The bill as it now stands
will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
That from and after the passage of this act, the annual
salaries of the several Justices ol the Supreme Court of the
UniU't! Stains shall he as follows, to wit ■
Of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court £7.500. Of
the Associate Justices of the Supreme Court, &7,000 each.
Mr. WELLER. Is that all the bill?
The PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. WELLER. It is hardly worth while to
amend that.
Mr. CASS. I should, myself, greatly prefer
that the bill should remain ih the state in which it
was reported, taking in the whole judiciary. I
should vote for that much more cheerfully than
for this.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator is mistaken.
This is not the bill to which he refers. The bill
fixing compensation has not come up in order.
The bill before us is one which was introduced by
the Senator from North Carolina, fixing the com-
pensation of Judges of the Supreme Court and
of members of Congress, Those were the only
two provisions in the bill of the Senator from
North Carolina. Then the bill fixing the salaries
of the district judges, which is reported from the
Committee on the Judiciary, was moved as an
amendment to it.
Mr. CASS. I understand it perfectly. Both
bills were reported to the Senate by the commit-
tee, and both were put together and considered in
one bill. Both relate to the s^jne gubject-auatter;
and I think, myself, they had better be acted on
together. If any gentleman moves it, I shall vote
for the proposition just as it came from the com-
mittee; and if no one else will do it, I shall move
it.
Mr. BADGER. Let me suggest to my friend
that that question has been passed on in commit-
tee. Let the bill be reported to the Senate, and
then he can move his amendment.
The PRESIDENT. If no further amendment
be proposed, the bill will be reported to the Senate.
Mr. GEYER-. I wish to say, for the inform-
ation of the honorable Senator from Michigan, that
the reason why that amendment was withdrawn
was that it was overloaded with other amend-
ments; and as I did not approve exactly of th 
mode of increase of the compensation of Judges
of the Supreme Court, proposed by the bill of the
Senator from North Carolina, I thought proper
to retain that part of the amendment giving a
specific salary instead of an increase at a rate per
centum. I thought the difference which has
existed between the Associate Judges and the Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court, was not maintained
in the proposition to make an increase according
to a rate per centum; and I preferred a specific
salfery. The bill reported by the Judiciary Com-
mittee still remains on the Calendar; and th 
reason why I withdrew that part of the amend-
ment to which the Senator from Michigan has
referred, was thafl supposed Senators would re-
flect upon the proposition which had been partly
debated yesterday, and would be prepared to act
on the bill reported by the committee when it
should come up for consideration in its order.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the time, per-
haps, is a proper one for me to say what I have
to say on this subject. I think that the sugges-
tions which fell from the honorable Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] yesterday, were very
well timed, and 1 had hoped the Senate would
promptly acquiesce in the proposition which"he
made, that we should defer further action on this
bill until we should have perfected the judiciary
bill itself. I am not indisposed to an increase of
the salaries of the Judges of the Supreme Court;
but I see, at the same time, that while this bill is
under consideration here, we have another one
immediately following it, the effect of which will
probably be to reduce the amount of labor and of
expenses which they incur in the performance of
the duties of their offices. If that be so, then it
is not necessary, nor is it wise or just to increase
the amount in the same degree that we should
increase it now, if the duties were to remain the
same. I cannot vote for a salary so large for
Judges of the Supreme Court as that proposed in
this bill. I can vote for an increase short of that
sum; but, if the bill come to a vote in its present
shape, 1 shall vote against it.
There is, as it seems to me, a much stronger
necessity for an increase of the salaries of some of
the district judges than there is for an increase of
the salaries of Judges of the Supreme Court; and
I hove in my mind the salary of the district judge
in Michigan, which, I think, is only $1,200. I
cannot consent to vote for a bill increasing to
$7,000 the salaries of Judges of the Supreme Court,
while the salaries of the judges of the district
courts remain at the low figure which some of
them now maintain. I hope, therefore, that it
may be considered by those in favor of the pas-
sage of such a bill on this subject as can be fairly
procured, whether it is not wise to pass upon the
other bill, and see what are the duties to be per-
formed by these judicial officers, and then make
the compensation dependent upon the nature of
the duties, atid the extent of the expenses to which
these officers will be subjected. I concur with the
honorable Senator from Delaware in that view.
Mr. BADGER. I wish merely to say that I
do not understand, as the Senator from New York
does, that the effect ofa bill discharging the Judges
of the Supreme Court from the circuits is at all to
diminish the time which they are expected to give
to the public. If the two objects were compatible,
as I have several times said, I would, myself, sub-
ject to discharging them from circuit duty; but'in
the existing condition of things in the country,
and in the existing amount and the daily increas-
ing amount of business before the Supreme Court,
it is, in my view, not practicable to keep the two
duties united in the same set of officers. But the
purpose of discharging the judges from the cir-
