294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
cuits is not at all that they shall be idle, but that
they shall be able to sit here so long as is neces-
sary to dispose of all the business before them,
which they cannot do now in consequence of the
recurrence once a year of the circuits which they
have to attend. So far as the compensation is
concerned and is to be paid for services rendered,
the services will be the same in amount, and of a
far higher charac'er. In regard to compensation
as a means of covering expenses, it will be still
more necessary if the judges are to spend nine
months here in the city of Washington instead of
six. It seems to me, therefore, that this bill is
proper, in any event, whatever disposition may
be made of the bills pending for altering the judi-
cial system.
Now, sir, in regard to the district judges, I
agree with the Senator from New York perfectly.
I think they are an overworked and underpaid set
of public officers; and I am ready, with him, and
■with the Senator from Michigan, to go for a de-
cided and liberal increase of their compensation;
and, with those Senators, I am willing to put it
upon this bill. I think it not an inappropriate
place to put it. All that I wish to say is, that I
think the Senator from New York is mistaken
in supposing that the proposed alterations, or
any one of them, now pending, in regard to the
arrangement of the judicial system, whichever may
be adopted, if either be adopted, will make the pro-
priety of the pending proposition to increase the
compensation of the judges a whit less necessary
than if the system continues as it is.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I do not,
probably, differ very much from my honorable
friend from North Carolina on this questions but
still we, probably all of us, take ourideas of what
the exigencies are, from what falls within our
own knowledge. The associate judge for the
second circuit, Judge Nelson, sits here, as we all
know, three months every year, at the term of
thS Supreme Court, and then 1 know that he
goes from here to the city of New York, and from
there to Albany, or to Canandaigua, and that he
is occupied the whole year round in the discharge
of the high duties of his office; and that besides
the time which he bestows at nisi priw, there is
also sitting in New York a district judge, able,
learned, and competent, at an inferior salary, and
that there, nevertheless, still remains the necessity
of having, in addition to his aid, the assistance of
one or two other district judges, either from the
northern district of New York, or from Connec-
ticut, or from Pennsylvsma.
Now, my honorable friend may be very right
in supposing that some of the judges will notfind
their labors diminished; but this judsre of that
court certainly will, if he is relieved from theper-
formance of duties at nisi prius, for it is hardly to
be expected that the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States will be required to be in session nine
months in the year. Six months, I think, would
suffice to do all the business they have.
The matter presses upon my mind that if there
is any great injustice, and any great inconveni-
ence anywhere, it is in regard to the compensa-
tion of the district judges. I, perhaps, would not
insist on this, if it were not that the friends of
this bill persevere in requiring a larger compensa-
tion to the Judges of the Supreme Cou'tof the
United States than 1 feel the public sentiment
would justify us in paying at this time. Inasmuch
as we are to do that, I wish that it may be balanced
by doing what is still more important: justice to
some of the district judges in the States. If the
honorable Senator from Michigan or any other
Senator will move that amendment, I shall, with
pleasure, vote for it. If the salaries are brought
within what seems to me to be a reasonable
amount, I shall, with pleasure, vote for the bill.
Mr. CLAYTON. I do earnestly hope that we
may be permitted to take up the bill for the re-
organization of the judiciary, before we fix the
salaries of the judges. It appears to me, as I said
resterday, that we have begun at the wrong end.
voted at the last session for the increase of the
sajaries of the Judges of the Supreme Court; but
sir, if those judges are to be relieved from circuit
duty, 1 wish to reconsider that matter. I am
anxious to pay the judges well, but not enor-
mously; and I am not satisfied with the amounts
contained in the bill if they are to be relieved from
all circuit duty.
1 say, again, that I should be glad to know what
duties and responsibilities devolve, not only on the
Judges of the Supreme Court, but on judges of
the district courts, before I vote on the question
of salary. 1 shall not have any difficulty at all
about fixing the salary. My principles on that
subject are settled. I am for liberal compensa-
tion to the judges; but certainly I am not for
voting the same amountof compensation to judges
who have to ride over the country and perform
circuit duty, and to those who are discharged en-
tirely from that duty. I am not willing to vote
the same amount of compensation to judges of the
district courts of the United States who perform
only the duties that are now enjoined on them by
law, which I would gladly vote to them if they
shall be called upon to perform all the circuit
duties. Sir, I do hope this bill may be laid on
the table for the present; and I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I did not understand, and I
do not believeany one else understood the motion,
for I did not hear my friend; but I cannot help it
now.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Move a reconsidera-
tion.
Mr. BADGER. When I voted for it, I did
not know what the question was. I move to re-
consider the vote just taken, on laying the bill on
the table.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask for the yeas and nays.
I see no reason for killing the bill in its present
condition, except by a direct vote.
Mr. CLAYTON. The motiGn is not to kill
the bill, but to lay it on the table, in order that
we may proceed with the judiciary bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and taken
with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bell, Benjamin, Butler,
Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Geyer, Gwin,
James, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Morion, Pearce. Rock-
well, Shields, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, and
Toucey—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Brainerd, Brown, Cass, Chase,
Clay, Clavton, Dixon, Dodee of Iowa, Evans, Fcssenden,
Houston, Hunter, Mallory, Reid, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward,
Stuart, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Wade, and ffel-
ler—23.
So the Senate refused to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was ordered to lie on the table.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate now
take up the Army appropriation bill. It was
reported some time ago, and I should like to have
it disposed of.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope that, if we do not
proceed with the judiciary bill, we shall finish the
bounty land bill to-day. We are prepared to
proceed wilh the consideration of that, and I am
sure it will not take twenty minutes.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope, sir, the judiciary bill
will at least be taken up, so that the amendments
can be distinctly presented by the different gentle-
men, and we may vote on them in a short time.
1 think we could dispose of the bill to-day. I, at
least, wish to see the amendments. It may be
that some may be offered to which I am reconciled,
and that sqme bill, atleast, may pass. I hope we
shall persevere in proceeding with the regular
order of business.
Mr. RUSK. I appeal to my honorable friend
from Virginia to withdraw his motion to take up
the Army appropriation bill. It will not be much
debated, and a little delay cannot hurt it. Three
or four days ago, on my motion, we adopted a
resolution calling on the War Department for
information in reference to some troops called out
by the President for service in Texas, and not
provided for by the appropriation bill. I appre-
hend an answer will be submitted in a day or two,
and I hope the bill will be delayed until we can
get the information necessary to offer an amend-
ment on that subject.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand the Senator
from South Carolina to say that he hopes to get
through with the judiciary bill to-day. Under
that hope, I will withdraw my motion for to-day,
but I cannot wait two days. I must try it again
to-morrow.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I presume we can take the
vote in a few minutes on my substitute for the
judiciary bill, with the understanding that, if
adopted, it will be referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, together with all amendments,with an order
to print them.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope the judiciary bill will
be taken up and the amendments disposed of.
JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The hour for the consideration
of the special order having arrived, the bill to
amend and modify the judicial system of the
United States is now before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole. The Chair under-
stands the question to be on referring the bill and
amendments to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BELL. 1 partake of the general anxiety
that this bill shall promptly receive some expres-
sion of opinion from the majority in the Senate,
in relation to the question presented by the amend-
mentofthe Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,]
and I shall confine the remarks which I propose to
make within a very short limit. Nothing prompts
me to speak, sir, at this time, but my anxious
desire that the various propositions for remodel-
ing the judiciary which have been presented,
shall be moulded into such shape as to command
the assent of a majority of the Senate, and that
during the present session of Congress, s^ort as
it must be, weshallsucceed in relieving the Judges
of the Supreme Court from present obligations
and duties, which I consider impossible for them
to perform, either to the satisfaction of themselves
or the country generally. I hope yet, that, with-
out extending the discussion of the subject beyond
this day, the Senate may come to a satisfactory
decision.
Sir, no gentleman, whose remarks I have heard
—and I have listened to all with attention—denies
that it is expedient, under present circumstances,
to devise some remedy Tor existing embarrass-
ments, to make some new provision, some reor-
ganization of the Federal judiciary. The great
difficulty is in proposing any plan which seems
likely to meet the approbation of a majority of
the Senate. Now, sir, I do not mean to go over
the grounds which have been occupied wilh so
much ability by other gentlemen, or to enlarge
upon the reasons and the necessity which exists
for a modification of our present judicial system,
for the more certain, full, and spetdy attornment
of justice in the judicial administration of the
Government. That has already been so clearly
demonstrated by others that it seems unnecessary
to add anything on that point. I propose to sub-
mit a few observations directly to the points im-
mediately before the Senate.
Thefirst objection to the bill reported by the Judi-
ciary Committee, is the proposition to separate the
Judges of the Supreme Court entirely from circuit
court duties. I have, upon a former occasion, ex-
pressed the inclination of my mind, if it were
practicable, still to maintain the connection of the
Judges of the Supreme Court with circuit duties
in tne various circuits of the United States, for
reasons which have been fully stated by other
gentlemen. In regard to that, as well as other
features which have been proposed to be incorpor-
ated into this bill, I do not propose to express what
my individual wishes and opinions are, so much
as to throw out some ideas, to make such sugges-
tions as I think may tend to harmonize the views
and meet the assent of a majority of the mem-
bers of this body. I am ready to agree to any
proposition which does not violate any sound
principle. I desire that something shall be done to
accomplish the great object in view, to relieve the
Judges of the Supreme Court from some portion of
the duties now imposed upon them by law, and
which have come to be too arduous and burden-
some for their successful performance. I desire
that this shall be done effectively, and in a manner
satisfactory to the country, whether it be in con-
formity with my own individual preferences and
opinions or not. Then, sir, I waive any objec-
tion which I feel to the separation of the Judges
of the Supreme Court from circuit duties; and I
believe a majority of the Senate have come to the
same conclusion on this point.
The next objection taken to the bill reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary, is the propo-
sition to appoint eleven new circuit court judges.
I believe this objection so formidable, and the
repugnance entertained to it by a majority so
great, that it is useless to insist upon its adoption.
That being the case, the question is, what other
plan or change of the present system can be
devised to relieve the Judges of the Supreme
