1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
connection without sacrificing the highest and
most important duties which those judges have to
discharge. It is a great mistake to suppose that
the judges of that court, with the business as it
now exists, to say nothing of the immense accu-
mulation of that business which we may shortly
expect, can dispose of it as it comes before them,
and present a ruinous delay of justice, with less
than a session of six months every year. They
now sit every alternate year six months, and, in
the intervening year three months. They devote
themselves assiduously to their duties. It is a
court of immense labor, as well as of vast juris-
diction; and yet they find it impossible to keep
pace, in the reduction of ihenamberof cases upon
the docket, with the additions that constantly flow
in. 1 think that, if the judges were now dis-
charged from all circuit duties, and had liberty to
give themselves up simply to the discharge of their
functions in the Supreme Court here, it would be
within bounds to say that they would have to be
in session seven months every year.
I also agree with the honorable Senator from
Michigan that, in itself, it is not desirable that the
judges should be kept always at the seat of Gov-
ernment. I see and feel the force and propriety
of his suggestion; but, at last, the court must be
held at the seat of Government. The judges
must be where the court is to be held; and if the
whole of the time, which it is reasonable to expect
the officers to give up to the discharge of public
duties, is required for the court, and the court
must be held here, it results, as an inevitable neces-
sity, that the judges must be here.
This, therefore, is a choice between two evils,
and the comparative estimate of the advantages
and disadvantages of various systems. I am fully
satisfied, with my friend from South Carolina,
[Mr. Butler,] that the first step necessary to be
taken, is to discharge the judges from circuit duties
—and by circuit duties, I mean, precisely what
this instruction conveys—from the duty of hold-
ing any other court than the Supreme Court—not
at all to discharge them from the function, or de-
prive them of the power of granting those writs
which become necessary in the preliminary steps,
or in the subsequent progress of actions which are
depending. That power must be left with them
for public convenience, that they may always be
as accessible as possible, when those emergencies
arise that require its application.
Now, sir, I say it with regret, I feel a strong
conviction upon my mind that we shall do noth-
ing with this subject at this session. However
desirable it may be to do it, I believe that such is
the difference of opinion in this body, on the
various plans proposed, that we shall not be able
to accomplish a union upon any one of those
which are now presented for our consideration.
For myself, sir, there are advantages and disad-
vantages in each of these plans; and, sometimes,
when I look at the advantages of one, I find my-
self strongly drawn towards it. Sometimes I have
felt that strong inclination towards the plan pro-
posed by the Senator from Illinois. At other
times it appears to me that there are disadvant-
ages connected with it, and advantages in other
systems that should have f.< superior controlling
force. Then, again, I am far from being satisfied
that, upon calm reflection, the plan proposed by
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Ciiasf.] may not turn
out to be the best; and I have besides, a strong
impression upon my own mind that the best sys-
tem, at last, that could be devised, would be that
of circuitcourts to beheld with the district judges;
and that, without any intervening tribunal what-
ever, a direct appeal or writ of error should be had
to the Supreme Court of the United States. I
look,upon this interposition of courts of appeals
as a great mischief. There must be a court, in
the first instance, in which the cause and the par-
ties can be heard; there must be a high tribunal
of ultimate resort, in order that principles may be
settled and understood everywhere alike; and I
doubt exceedingly whether any step beyond this
is not a mischief disproportioned to any substan-
tial advantages which may be derived fram it.
"Viewing the subject in this light, I repeat, I have
no hope that we shall be able to agree on any plan
for revising the judicial system at this short ses-
sion; and now to deduce the conclusion from what
I have said, I shall vote for this reference. If it
is the sense of the Senate to discharge the Judges
of the Supreme Court from holding any other
court, than the Supreme Court, I shall then, for
one, be prepared to make the selection between
the system which proposes to have inferior cir-
cuit judges appointed, and that which proposes to
constitute the judges of the district courts in a
circuit into the circuit court, and that, also, which 1
would suggest, to constitute each district judge as a
court of circuit jurisdiction, and to give an appeal
directly to the Supreme Court of the United States.
In one view, Mr. President, I do not agree
with what has been stated by several gentlemen,
and that is, that they do not desire to see a court
held with but a single judge. My own observa-
tion and experience, which have not been small,
in the profession, have led me strongly to believe
that, in a jury court, there should never be more
than one judge, and that, as you multiply the
number of judges in such a court, so do you de-
tract from the efficiency and the respectability of
the tribunal. Questions arise and are discussed
there which ought to be promptly decided, and
any exhibition before the juries, and the people
attending the court, of conflicting opi ions be-
tween the judges, of discussions, doubts, and
divisions, tend, in a strong measure, to diminish
the moral influence which the courts should have.
Let there be one judge in a jury court—one judge
of promptness and decision, for a prompt and
speedy administration of justice; and then, when
questions are involved that require a revision and
a settlement by one general rule, for the benefit of
the country, take those questions to a superior
tribunal, that there may be debate, discussion,
comparison of opinion, and a wise and judicious
solution of those questions.
On the contrary, Mr. President, if the Senate
should not concur in this measure of discharging
the Judges of the Supreme Court from holding
any other courts of their own, 1 shall, for one, be
disposed to give up the prospect of doing anything
at this session; and then my own view would be
this, and t commend it to the consideration of my
friends from Texas and California. If those
judges are not to be discharged from circuit duties,
bring in a bill to add such a number to the court,
that the circuits may be made smaller, and the
judges be enabled to devote more time to the busi-
ness of the country here than, under existing cir-
cumstances, they can. I do not say this because
I desire an increase of thenumber of judges m that
court of itself. I think, as an appellate tribunal,
it is too large already. I aeree with the honor-
able Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Chase,] that six
judges are as many as should sit in such a court.
But we are selecting the best available machinery
within our power to decide the great legal business
of the country. If you discharge the judges from
attending to other courts, reduce their number
reasonably. If the Senate will not agree to that,
add three judges to the bench, make the number
twelve; and when that is done, you can not only
afford facilities equal and fair to every portion of
the Union, but you will be able to relieve the
judges, in some degree, from the enormous pres-
sure of their circuit duties, which are a great con-
flict with their higherduties in the Supreme Court.
Having thus, Mr. President, explained the views
which will influence my vote, I shall not take any
further part in this discussion.
Mr. BROWN. I have forborne thus far to
take any part in this discussion, and, certainly,
I do not intend now, when the Senate is wearied
with it, to enter into any debate upon the ques-
tion. I shall vote for the proposition to refer the
whole matter back to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary; but in doing that, I want to save this point:
I do not intend to be understood, in giving that
vote, to be in favor of the inslructions which go
with the motion. I have never yet given my
assent to a proposition to relieve the judges of
the Supreme Court from circuit duties. I exceed-
ingly doubt the pttpriety of it; and after having
listened to Senators on all sides, during several
days of debate, those doubts have not been re-
moved. I shall vote for the reference for the
reason assigned by the Senator from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Badger.] It seems to be apparent
that nothing is to be done during the present
session; and I suppose it will be as good a grave
to bury it in as any other, to send it back to the
committee, where, I suppose, it will sleep during
the balance of the session.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the Senator vote for the
instructions?
Mr. BROW N. I say I am opposed to the in-
structions, and make these remarks to save the
point. In voting for the reference, I do not mean
to vote in favor of the proposition containtd in
the instructions. But I do not care, sir, to dis-
cuss the question, which I might, under other cir-
cumstances, be disposed to doj when 1 see the
Senate is weary of the debate.
Mr. SEWARD. I should have been content
to give a vote for this reference, if it had not been
accompanied with instructions for which 1 could
not vote without subjecting myself to misappre-
hension. I was absent from the cry when the
consideration of this bill was commenced, and the
feeling it excited i/i my mind was one of deep so-
licitude. I came back to my seat with a single
earnest desire to save as much of the ancient judi-
cial system of the United States as could be saved
from a wreck.
Now, sir, I think, I always have thought, and
(perhaps it may be an error) I probably always
shall continue to think, that of all the depart-
ments of this Government, the Judiciary is the
only one which approaches the absolute in its
form. It is protected and secured against respon-
sibility to the people on all sides. That, 1 believe
to be necessary, and, therefore, I have always ac-
quiesced in it; but I think it was brought within
the general principles of our republican system of
Government, by the provision which requires the
Judges of the Supreme Court to attend to the
transaction of business at nisi prius; and that i3
the last feature in the judicial system which i
shall be willing to give up. I, therefore, cannot
vote for a motion which instructs the committee
to abolish that as the means of relief. Notwith-
standing it may be that the gi eat increase of the
business in the country shows that there is a ne-
cessity for a modification of the system, and that
that is the only available one, or the most avail-
able one, I wish to reserve that question for the
last. There would seem to be some other way in
which this great inconvenience can besurmounted.
I hope there is. 1 shall labor on, in the expecta-
tion that the intelligence and patriotism of some
members of the Senate will suggest a remedy
which will enable us to remove the inconveni-
ences, at the same time that we retain the cardinal
principles of the judiciary system.
Mr. DIXON. Having been absent in the State
of Kentucky when the bill was taken up, and
during the whole period of time that it has been
previously under discussion, I have merely risen
to place myself right upon the record. I shall
vote for the motion of the honorable Senator from
California, to refer the bill to the Committee on
the Judiciary with instructions, reserving to my-
self, however, the right, when it is reported back
to the'Senate, of voting upon the question of
relieving the Judges of the Supreme Court from
all circuit court jurisdiction, as, in my judgment, I
may think proper. I think the views presented
by the honorable Senator from North Carolina
[Mr. Badger] so clear and so lucid, that 1 have
great doubt whether it is not absolutely necessary,
under the circumstances, that the Judges of the
Supreme Court should be relieved from circuit
duties. On this, however, I desire to reserve to
myself the right of forming an opinion matured
by the information which we may receive, and by
the discussion which it will undergo by the com-
mittee to whom I desire it to be referred. I doubt
very much, sir, whether the Judges of the Supreme
Court will not find that the whole of their time
may be profitably employed to the whole country
in the examination of the various records sub-
mitted to them, and the great questions of law
which arise out of them, and which will neces-
sarily occupy all their time, to the exclusion of
any that might be devoted to circuit duties.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. Weller's motion, resulted—yeas 21, nays
25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Badger, Bayard, Bell,
Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Chase, Dixon, Dodge of Iowa,
Evans, Foot, Houston, Pearce, Reid, Rockwell, Suraner,
Toueey, Wade, and Welier—2t.
NAY'S—Messrs. Atchison, Benjamin, Braineid. Bright,
Cass, Clay, Dawson, Dodse of Wisconsin, Douglas, Fes-
senden, Gey r, Gillette, Gwin, Hunter, James, Johnson,
Jones of Iowa, Morton, Rusk, Sebasiian, S«*wnrd, Shields,
Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, and Toombs—25.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Ohio renew his amendment ?
