300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
Mr. CHASE... I. prefer, sir, to withdraw the
amendment which I have offered, until a vote is
taken upon the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois. I therefore withdraw it with the inten-
tion of renewing it, in case that amendment be
rejected, if it he the sense of the Senate, as I think
is evident, to act upon the subject without a refer-
ence. I shall, therefore, vote in such a manner
as to bring the amendment which I have offered
before the Senate. I shall vote against the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois, intending to
offer mine after that question has been decided.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not understand the vote
of the Senate as affording the inference ascribed
to it by the Senator from Ohio. ^ I think there has
been a change in the convictions of Senators in
regard to the proposition first voted on, in rela-
tion to the circuit duties of the Judges of the
Supreme Court of the United States. When that
question was first before the Senate, there was
evidently a majority inclined to agree upon the
proposition which came from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to confine those judges to the duties
of an appellate court here at Washington. 1 was
not present when that vote was taken. I should
have voted against any such proposition. I concur
heartily with every word that fell from the honor-
able Senatorfrom Michigan, [Mr. Cass.] 1 agree
fully with him, and I agree fully with the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Seward,] that one of the
most valuable features of our judiciary system, one
without which it is utterly impossible that it could
Command the confidence of the people of the
• United States, is that feature which brings the
Judgesot" theSupreme Court into constant contact
with the people m different circuits. In my part
of the country, as far as I know the feelings and
sentiments of my own constituency, I am satisfied
that confidence in that court would not survive
the change for five years. I consider the vote
just given by the Senate as equivalent to an ex-
pression of opinion, on their part, that the Judges
of the Supreme Court of the United States, are
' still to continue in the discharge of those duties,
which they have been discharging since the form-
ation of the judiciary system of the Government;
and I think the proper course to pursue now
would be to refer the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois, which preserves this feature of duty
on the part of the Judges of the Supreme Court,
to the Judiciary Committee for the purpose of
having the system matured. I agree with the
main features of that amendment. I think, with-
out doubt it can be improved; but I believe upon
the principles which he at the bottom of it, we
can agree on a judiciary bill.
Mr. BUTLER. I think it will be as well to
dispose of this bill by a motion to lay it on the
table, for I have stated already that 1 have had
conferences with the committee of the other
House, with the Judges of the Supreme Court,
and with persons living in different parts of the
United States; and though I did not say that
the bill recommended by the committee was my
favorite, yet, in the ordinary course of events, by
the increase of business, the celerity with which
it is brought forward, and the magnitude of the
causes which go into that court, I will tell gentle-
men who have this popular theory, that, in spite
of all their opinions, it will become, from neces-
sity, a separate court of appeal which cannot do
circuit duty. That must either be the case, or
you must let business accumulate in it, and not
have it attended to at all. Sir, it has come to that
already; and I tell gentlemen who choose to have
this old system preserved, when in fact it must
be broken down by necessity, that we had better
do it by intelligent legislation than let it take that
course by a process of events which will have no
provision made for the circuit system. We can
make some provision for the administration of
justice in the circuits now, when we have the fact
before us that the Supreme Court will become
exclusively one of appellate jurisdiction.
I am not particular about this. So far as regards
California, Michigan, Arkansas, Texas, Wiscon-
sin, and Iowa, if they can do without the kind of
justice provided by theConstitution, I am perfectly
satisfied; but in twenty years—twenty years! sir,
in ten years—from this time, I believe the business
of the court will so far increase that instead of
having two hours to argue causes, the counsel
will be limited to one hour. But here is the theory
of gentlemen: we make them better judges, by
sending them upon the circuits. I have not said
otherwise. If there was a limited number of
causes to' be considered in the court here, it would
be all very well; but when you overwork the
judge, you make him a worse appellate judge,
and a worse circuit judge; he cannot act well in
either capacity. You will have him to travel on
steamboats in order to get democratic notions!
You will have him imbibe them on steamboats,
and then come back here with them! You had
better, as I said before, let him imbibe his opinions
on law from his library of law books. But,
having discharged my duty, if the Senate prefer
the measure of the honorable Senator from Illinois,
I hand it over to its friends, giving them the assur-
ance that I will endeavor to make it as tolerable as
it can be made, for that is all that can be done
with it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now make the motion to
refer the bill, and all the pending amendments, and
such as Senators choose to lay on the table, and
have ordered to be printed, to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
A Senator. With instructions ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir; with no instructions.
I regard the vote which has been given, as a test
only on one point, that the Senate are not prepared
to release or discharge the Judges of the Supreme
Court from circuit duties. That being the case, I
think that the Committee on the Judiciary, with
the aid of the lights which the discussion has
thrown on the subject, can now take the matter in
charge, and make such a bill as will be agreed to
by the Senate.
Mr. RUSK. The Senator from Louisiana and
the Senator from Illinois take it for granted that
the Senate has changed its opinion, and that it is
not now in favor of relieving the Judges of the
Supreme Court from circuit duties. Now, sir, I
"beg leave to say that I voted against the reference.
1 was one of the number which made that very
decision of the Senate, upon which both the Sen-
ators come to the conclusion that the bill of the
committee, in substance, has been rejected, and
that the Senate is in favor of continuing the Su-
preme Court Judges in the discharge of circuit
duties. I have no such idea. I should vote to dis-
charge those judges from circuit duties.
The reason why I voted against the reference
of the bill to the committee was this: We have
taken but one test question on several proposi-
tions. There are others undoubtedly coming up.
So far as I am concerned, I would vote to abolish
the circuit courts altogether, and to vest all the
inferior jurisdiction exercised by them in the dis-
trict courts, and I would curtail the business there.
I believe they take jurisdiction ndw m cases where
the sum involved is $500. I would increase that
to $5,000. That would get them clear of a great
many causes. It was for the purpose of seeing
the sense of the Senate tested on cases of this de-
scription that I was unwilling to refer the bill
again to the committee. 1 believe that a recom-
mittal of it to the Judiciary Committee will de-
termine its fate, for we are within five or six
weeks of the close of the short session.
The question is by no means decided, in my
judgment, as the Senators from Illinois and Lou-
isiana, take it for granted it is. The fact is, the
only direct vote on the question, which they take
for granted as being now decided, was the other
way, and in favor of relieving the Supreme Court
Judges from circuit duties. I have not had much
experience in the practice of courts; but my own
opinion is, that that is the only way by which we
can enable that court to discharge its duties prop-
erly. They cannot discharge the duties of cir-
cuit judges, and also attend to the accumulating
business which is before the Supreme Court, if
the statements which are made he correct.
We have not judges enough; but the country,
I think, is not prepared to increase the number.
The result will be just as it has been for several
years past. The system will operate partially.
When the judges can reach the States, those
States will have the benefit of a circuitcourt juris-
diction; and when they cannot reach the States,
they will not have that benefit; and we shall have
a system, brag as much as we please over it,
wanting in one of the principal elements which
should commend the judiciary system, that is,
impartiality. Sir, the furthest State in the Union
is entitled just as much to its rights under the ju-
diciary system, as the nearest State to the seat of
Government; and without the increase of the num-
ber of Judges of the Supreme Court, under the
present system, the duty which we owe to those
States cannot be discharged.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator from Texas
desires to get a test vote, let the Senate vote on
my substitute, with the understanding that that
shall be a test, and that it shall afterwards be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary to be
matured. My object is to get some test vote; so
that the Judiciary Committee may know on what
principle their bill is to be framed. I would give
them the widest discretion as to the form and mode
in which they shall carry out that principle.
Mr. WELLER. Let us have a vote on the
substitute.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion to refer, and ask that the vote be simply taken
on the substitute as a test vote.
Mr. BAYARD. I have but one suggestion to
make. I desired to have a test vote. I had my
fears that the vote on the motion which has lately
been decided would not be strictly a test vote. It
seems that the Senate is nearly balanced in opin-
ion as to the propriety of relieving the Supreme
Court Judges from circuit court duties. If the
Senate adopt any system which does not so re-
lieve them, I think it would be better to refer the
matter to a select committee. The Committee on
the Judiciary had their own conflicts of opinion.
A majority of them arrived at the conclusion that
the only practicable mode in which you could reor-
ganize the system was, by relieving the Supreme
Court Judges from the circuit court duties. That
was urged upon them all. They all felt the ab-
solute necessity of it. Having arrived at that
conclusion, I think it would be unreasonable to
refer back to them a plan which they consider to
be utterly impracticable. If the Senate regard
the plan of the Senator from Illinois as practi-
cable, let it carry it out here as well as in the
country; but I think the Committee on the Judi-
ciary would be an improper committee to refer
the matter to again, after having already sub-
mitted a bill which expressed their views adverse
to this proposition.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. DOUGLAS called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered,and taken—yeas 19, nays
26, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Benjamin, Bright, Cass.
Clay, Clayton, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Fessenden, Foot, Geyer, Gwm, Jones of Iowa,
Sebastian, Shields, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, and
Wade—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Badger, Bayard, Bell,
Brainerd, Brodhead, Butler, Chase, Dawson, Evans, Gil-
lette, Houston, Hunter, James, Mason, Moiion, Pearee,
Reid, Rockwell, Rusk, Seward, Sumner, Toombs, Tou-
cey, and Weller—26.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the bill lie upon
the table.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the motion will be to in-
definitely postpone it. That will get us clear of it.
The yeas and nays were called for, and or-
dered.
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senator from South
Carolina will withdraw that motion, and submit
another for the indefinite postponement of the
bill. If it is only ordered to lie on the table, it
can be taken up again at any time.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. Butler's motion, resulted—yeas 18, nays 26;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Beniamin,
Butler, Cass, Clay, Dixon, Dodge of Jowa, Douglas, Ev-
ans, Fessenden, Gwin, Jones of Iowa, Seward, Stuart,
Toombs, and Wade—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bell, Biamerd, Bright,
Brodhead, Chase, Clayton, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Foot, Geye.r, Gillette, Houston, Hunter, Johnson, Morton,
Reid, Rockwell, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields, Sumner, Thom-
son of New Jersey, Toueey, and Weller—28.
So the motion that the bill lie upon the table
was not agreed to.
Mr. CHASE. I now offer my amendment.
Mr. STUART. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until the first Monday in
December next.
Mr. CHASE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. CHASE. I wish to make an appeal to
the members of the Judiciary Committee, and to
the Senate. It seems to be settled by the votes
already taken, that there is a majority here in
