1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
a limitation upon the appropriations for a library,
and no limit to the appropriations which may be
made for any other of the designated objects.
Tlie limitation in the library expenditure was
rather inappropriately added to one of the sections
of the bill to which it was not germane. It for-
bids the application of more than $25,000 per
annum to that purpose; but the act does not, any-
where, require the regents to expend annually that
amount. It establishes no minimum below which
they shall not fall in their appropriations; but it
simply establishes a maximum, beyond which they
shall not go. That has been done by Congress, in
regard to the library, but in regard to no other
object of expenditure. Well, sir, the regents, in
their discretion, have not thought it necessary or
expedient to expend the whole amount of the sum
to which they were limited by that provision of
the act, and hence, I think, all the difficulties in
regard to this matter. They could not understand
the words " not exce'ding $25,000," to mean not
less than $25,000, or to mean nearly $25,000, or
to signify anything else than that such was the
utmost limit of expenditure authorized by the act
for this purpose. The words necessarily imply
that the regents might expend less than that sum,
and the question, how much less, was one purely
for their discretion.
The regents supposed that, when the act of
Congress made it their imperative duty to provide
a suitable building, with proper and necessary
lecture rooms, Congress did not mean those lec-
ture rooms to be empty and voiceless. They sup-
Eosed that the lecture rooms could only be used
y employing lecturers, and causing lectures to be
delivered. They thought that a necessary and
irresistible inference. They did not suppose that
this was any strained construction—any forced
implication; but that it followed as necessarily as
light follows the rising of the sun. As the pro-
vision for lecture rooms was mandatory, there was
not even a discretion as to lectures. They were a
matter of course, and the regents would have been
justly censurable if they had failed to adopt this
necessary means of giving utility to the lecture
rooms.
Congress further made it the imperative duty
of the regents to establish a chemical laboratory.
For what purpose? Why, 1 presume for physical
researches. If not for that, then for no purpose.
It was idle and nugatory in Congress to require
the Regents of the Smithsonian Institution to
establish a chemical laboratory, if they were to
make no researches. For the purpose of illustra-
tion of lectures, a little apparatus would have been
all-sufficient. The regents have felt themselves
bound to encourage researches, and have consid-
ered that they were authorized not only to direct
researches in physical science, but to publish
them; for this institution, we must remember, is
"for the increase and diffusion of knowledge
among men;" and if we are bound to have a
chemical laboratory, and if we are as necessarily
bound to cause researches to be made, 1 would
ask, of what use are the researches? how shall
we increase and diffuse knowledge of them among
men, if we seal them up, and do not publish them
to the world ? As the collections of natural history
would be nothing more than a show, if we were
satisfied with merely placing and arranging them
in a musuem, we think that they should be de-
scribed. They can best be made available for the
increase and diffusion of knowledge by causing
them to be described by scientific men in memoirs,
such as are published by theinstitution. Wehave
thought, then, that publication was as necessary a
result, from the express powers of the grant, as
any other duty which the regents had to perform.
"VVe did not think that the sole limit of our
power. We did suppose that, under the large
discretion given in the ninth section of the act, it
■was the regents who where to consider how much
of the funds of the institution were properly to
be applied to the objects specified by the act. Since
Congress itself has not told us how to apportion
the funds of the institution among those objects,
it followed, therefore, that the regents must have a
discretion in that regard, and if they have a dis-
cretion, where is the limit? Nowhere, except that
we may not expend more than $25,000 on the
library in any one year. Then we supposed the
general provisions of that ninth section, which
gave us the right to apply the funds not wanted
for the other objects in such manner as we might
think most conducive to the purposes of Smith-
son's will, was ample enough to justify us irt
instituting researches, and making publication of
the results.
Here is the section in question:
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That of any other
moneys which have accrued, or shall hereafter accrue, as
interest upon the t;iid Simlhsunian fund, not herein appro-
priated, or not required lor the purposes herein provided,
the said managers are hereby authouzed to make such dis-
posal as they t-iiall deem be^t suited tor the promotion of
the purpose of the testator, anything herein contained to
the contrary notwithstanding.
It does not confine the discretion of the regents
to the details necessary in carrying out the speci-
fied objects, but extends it to other objects, being
such as they shall deem best suited for the pro-
motion of the purpose of the testator; that is, the
increase and diffusion of knowledge among men.
So that it is not, as Mr. Choate supposes, merely
a trust for the designated objects, but for such
other purposes as correspond with the intention of
the will, anything else contained in the act to the
contrary notwithstanding. Under the authority
of this section, we have thought proper to stimu-
late researches not prosecuted within the walls of
the building, nor confined to specimens of natural
history deposited in its collections. They are
described in the plan of organization, and include
historical, ethnilogical, and statistical inquiries,
meteorological observationsfor solving the problem
of American storms, and experimental problems
in electricity, light, &c., &c. To this may be
added the publication of reports on the new dis-
coveries of science, of a character highly useful
and practical.
It has been supposed, sir, that the true inter-
pretation of this act could be found by going out-
side of the law. Mr. Choate has intimated, in his
letter, that if we look at its parliamentary history
we shall see what is its true interpretation. I
understand to what he refers. The original bill
was introduced into the House of Representatives;
a substitute was offered for the bill reported by
the committee; that substitute was amended by
striking out Borne of its provisions and inserting
one or two others, which do not affect this ques-
tion. The intimation is, that, if we look to the
proceedings of the House of Representatives (not
of the Senate, because in the Senate there was no
discussion of the bill, and the amendments offered
and rejected do not furnish evidence of the con-
struction given to it by that body) we shall find
that such amendments were made as are incon-
sistent with the construction which the regents
now give to the act. Principally they were two.
There was a specific provision requiring professors
and lecturers to be employed. That was stricken
out. Very true; but then there was left in the
bill the provision for lecture rooms, which I think
I have shown, imperatively required that there
should be lectures, and, of course, authorized the
employment of persons to lecture.
Then there was a provision in regard to re-
searches and publications; that was stricken out,
too; but, I think, I have shown that the duty of
the regents was to institute researches and make
publications under the law as it stands. And
when we look at the circumstances attending the
striking out of those provisions, we find this to
be the fact. The provision in regard to researches
and publications authorized Congress to call upon
the regents at any time to cause those publications
to be printed ana supplied to members of Con-
gress, to be distributed as public documents.
Now, it may very well have been that those who
voted to strike out this provision were induced to
do so by the single item of it which I have just
mentioned, or they may have thought these pro-
visions superfluous, being well supplied by the
large discretionary powers given in the ninth sec-
tion which I have quoted. It is, however, neither
according to legal.rules nor right reason to look
to the speeches and proceedings of the legislature
for the construction of a statute, which is itself
the embodiment of the legislative will, and fur-
nishes copious sources of construction by the
examination and comparison of its various pro-
visions and the admitted purpose of its enactment.
Certain it is that the striking out of those specific
provisions cannot invalidate the general grants of
power, and the necessary implications from those
grants, which I have mentioned.
Now, we have a library of fifteen thousand
volumes, for the most part composed of the most
valuable works pertaining to all branches of human
knowledge, besides ten thousand parts of volumes
and pamphlets. Their literary and scientific value
is to be weighed, not counted. The money value
of our library is estimated by the officers of the
institution at $40,000. We have a museum, the
money value of which is estimated at $30,000.
We have apparatus valued at $10,000.
This is what the regents have done in direct
pursuance of the objects prescribed by Congress;
and the other things which they have done—the
publications they have made—they suppose not
to be incompatible with the expressed objects of
an institution " for the increase and diffusion of
knowledge among men," not to be violative of the
letter or spirit of the law, but to be wholly con-
sistent and in harmony with it, and auxiliary to
the objects which are provided for in the law.
The publications not only diffuse knowledge
among men, but they bring back to us, in liberal
abundance, the transactions and publications of
learned societies in other countries, and thus fur-
nish us with valuable works pertaining to all
branches of knowledge, many of which are not to
be purchased with money,and enable us to carry
out one requirement of the law—the gradual
formation of a library.
In regard to the resolutions of compromise, to
which Mr. Choate has referred, the repeal of
which is the great ground of complaint, here allow
me to say—for I will not consent to detain the
Senate much longer—those resolutions were passed
at the organization of the institution. They pro-
posed an equal, or nearly equal, division of the
funds of the institution between the objects speci-
fied in the law, and the auxiliary objects which
we are justified by the letter and the spirit of the
law, as 1 think I have shown, in pursuing. Well,
sir, it occurred to the regents recently—for some
time past it has been a matter of consultation
among them—that it would be well to repeal those
resolutions of compromise; that there was no pro-
priety in the Board of Regents, at the commence-
ment of the organization of the institution, tying
their own hands, and those of their successors, so
as to compel a particular scale of appropriation
throughout all time. It has been supposed to be
right to leave them unfettered, so that they may
annually make appropriations such as are, in their
judgment, according to the intrinsic importance
of the objects appropriated for, and in fulfillment
in good faith of the purposes of the law, for that
we have never lost sight of. Now let me read to
the Senate one of the resolutions adopted by the
board, which are the cause of Mr. Choate's resig-
nation. One repeals the compromise resolutions
which I have mentioned. The other is in these
words:
Resolved, That hereafter the annual appropriations shall
be apportioned specifically among th« different objects and
operations of the institution, in such manner as may, in
the judgment of the regents, be necessary and prop r for
each, according to its intrinsic importance, and a compli-
ance m good faith with the law.
That is the resolution which is considered as
subverting the plan established by Congress, as
repealing:, in effect, the act of Congress, and setting
up the will of the regents in place of the will of
the .National Legislature!
Something is said in the letter about the greatly
augmented powers of the secretary of the institu-
tion. I know of no augmentation of the power
of the secretary. A question has arisen as to his
right to discharge one of his assistants. The
board have determined that he has a right to dis-
charge any of his assistants without a reference
to the board. They, however, have a controlling
authority over the whole subject; and if the secre-
tary should abuse his power in that respect, they
would remove him, as they can at any time remove
all or any of his assistants, or the secretary him-
self. I may add, sir, that the secretary of the in-
stitution is a gentleman,as well as widely known
to the world of science; a profound philosophic
scholar, and a man of pure and stainless life.
Mr. President, considering the form in which
this matter has been brought before us—as a sol-
emn appeal from a retiring member of the Board
of Regents to the Senate, and to the public—it haa
seemed to me that it would be proper that the Sen-
ate should investigate the subject. It has occurred
to me that it would be proper to appoint a special
committee for that purpose. I make this sugges-
tion, but I do not submit any motion. If I were
to submit such a motion, according to parliament-
