304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18.
ary usage, I should be put on the committee as
chairman—a position which I could by no means
think of accepting. It would, I think, be neither
delicate, nor in any respect proper, that a member
of the Board of Regents should sit'in judgment on
his own cause, and over his fellows from whom
he has differed, i throw out the suggestion, how-
«ver, with the hope that some Senator will submit
the proper resolution.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I regret that the
learned and distinguished gentleman who has
declined further service in this public trust, should
have accompanied his resignation by a communi-
cation of the character which has been commented
<on by the honorable Senator from Maryland.. I
regret it because it is impossible that such a com-
munication should be allowed to pass in silence
when addressed to the Senate, where are found
some of those who have been associated in that
trust with the writer of the letter. I regret it, be-
cause it is unpleasant and ungrateful to speak of
the opinions or conduct of those who are absent;
but I feel at liberty to do so on the present occa-
sion, because the gentleman who has written this
letter has chosen to challenge opinion heie.
Now, sir, what has been done? A regent of
the Smithsonian Institution, who has been con-
nected with it, I believe, from the foundation of
the institution, occasionally as a member of this
body, chosen a regent by the vote of the Senate,
and occasionally as a citizen at large, clothed with
the high honor (for it is a very high honor) of an
■administrator of this trust, has declined further
service; and has assigned, as one of the reasons,
and as this paper alleges the dominant reason for I
declining it, that he does not agree with his asso-
ciates in their mode of administration. 1 do not
feel at liberty to say that such a course of conduct
would not be expected of one so honored, because
the gentleman who wrote the letter is absent; but
I should say that, according to my ideas of what
is due to the trust, if he believed there was mal-
administration, it was the very last occasion when
he should have resigned; he should have remained
there in order that the inquiry which he has pro-
voked might be conducted in his presence,and, to
some extent, under bis guidance.
But, sir, he has resigned the trust, and, in doing
«o, he has shot a Parthian arrow at those who
were associated with him. What is the character
of his letter ? Nonecan read without being struck
with its tone, which was so justly animadverted
upon by my co-regent, the honorable Senator
who has just addressed you. I have been accus-
tomed, Mr. President, to find, in that profession
to which I belong, and of which I am a very
humble member, that, whether at the bar or on
the bench, the surest, the soundest, and the ablest
intellect, gives its judgment with diffidence, court-
esy, and respect for the opinions of others. I
have generally found, too, in my experience of
the world, that the soundest judgmentis the judg-
ment which is accompanied by such diffidence.
Now, what is the tone of this communication ?
The confident tone of Sir Oracle—of one whose
judgment cannot be impugned, and should not be
questioned. "/ cannot be wrong," says the
writer of this paper, in substance, " let others
vindicate their judgment if they can." That is
what he says, and he has assigned, as the start-
ting reason for resigning this trust, that.he differed
from his associates in the construction of an act
of Congress; there is no impropriety even hinted
in the conduct of his associate-regents; but he
rests it exclusively on the ground that they have
misinterpreted the law which created the trust,
and there is no appeal from the decision of the
learned gentleman who pronounces the judgment.
That is infallible.
Sir, I have known instances—others, more expe-
rienced than I am, have known of more—where
the judgment is found darkened in the flashes of
a brilliant mind; a mere rhetorician should never
aspire to the judgment seat. I would appeal to
the experience of the world to say, whether there
is not an infirmity attendant upon such minds,
which never admit that they may be wrong. The
calm, sedate, deliberate, slow, and cautious mind,
brings you to a correct conclusion; and when at-
tained, submits it with deference and respect to
those who are to pass upon it. Confidence, that
confidence which precludes doubt, does not belong
to those who are capable of pronouncing judg-
ment. -
Mr. President, I shall not go over the ground
so lucidly occupied by the very able gentleman
who preceded me, \vith whom I have been associ-
ated in this trust. It is a pure, a high, and honor-
able trust, one conceived by a noble mind—the
late James Smithson. He pursued science as the
great mistress of his affections; he pursued it to
his grave; and he left behind him this legacy. To
whom? He had the world to choose from. He
was an Englishman. He had never been upon
this continent. He possessed a large fortune.
The high benevolence of his nature determined
him, when he left the world, to devote that for-
tune, in the hands of others, to the pursuit of
science, when the world closed upon him. As I
have said, he had the world to choose from, and
he signalized this country and its institutions by
his choice. He left his fortune to the United
States, in trust for the establishment of an insti-
tution at Washington, " for the increase and dif-
fusion of knowledge." Where? In Washington ?
In the United States ? Upon this continent, broad
as it is? No; " amongst men" is the language
of the trust.
If I am capable of reading the signs of the times,
there are those, of whom we have plenty, Heaven
knows, around us everywhere, who look upon a
public fund, no matter to what object it has been
devoted, or how small the trust, as a thing to be
scrambled for, and appropriated by the first needy
or lucky adventurer. For the last twelve months
the newspapers have been full of intimations,
coming, generally, from the northern and east-
ern sections of the country, throwing suspicion
and doubt upon the management of this trust, in-
timating that it has been perverted from its original
purpose; in substance, that it was in improper
hands, and should be taken from them; invoking,
in some insidious manner, the action of Congress
upon the subject; and all for what? To get hold
of the fund. What use was to be made of it after
it was thus obtained, those best know who join in
the pursuit. Let me be understood. 1 ascribe no
such motive to the very learned and distinguished
writer of the letter before us. I have the honor
only of a very formal acquaintance with him; but
I know his history and his character, and that
assures me he can never lend himself to any
unworthy purpose; but yet I have strong reason
to believe that, if the objects which he seems to
have in view, could be obtained, this pure and
simple trust, which has been accepted by the
American people, would be debased into a mere
pecuniary job.
Sir, the letter of Mr. Choate, unfortunately,
brings back into the Halls of Congress the great
controversy which attended this fund when it was
first brought into the country. There was a great
struggle for it among the men of science, in the
mechanic arts, and in other of the useful and hon-
orable pursuits of life. The parliamentary history
to which the writer has referred in the letter
shows it. There were those who believed that
this fund should be devoted exclusively to a
library, to a great collection of books, books in
every department of science, of art, and belles
lettres. The writer of this letter shows that he
was one of those who desired so to devote it; to a
library—a library, to the exclusion of everything
else—a collection of books. I am free to believe,
and declare, that I entertain no doubt this learned
and distinguished gentleman believed that the best
mode of increasing knowledge, as well as diffusing
it amongst men, was to establish a library. But
suppose it were done. Theie is an annual reve-
nue derived from the Smithsonian fund, of some
$30,000 or $40,000. So much is to be devoted in
perpeluo, I suppose, to the purchase of books,
which are to be stored here on shelves, in the city
of Washington; and who is to read them? Why,
sir, the members of Congress have little time to
read the books which accumulate here in the pub-
lic library. The citizens of Washington form a
very small portion of the people of these United
States; and thus this great trust, which was in-
tended for mankind, would be limited to the walis
of Washington.
There is another great objection to it. Books
are derived from booksellers. Booksellers are
connected with bookmakers, and bookmakers and
booksellers, with that hungry legion, who all live,
and of whom some grow rich, on the spoils of
genius and industry. Then there are the paper-
makers, and the book printers, and publishers,
and the stereotypists, all, all, would be hovering
around this fund, to say nothing of factorage,
commission, foreign travel to pickup rare works,
and the ten thousand jobs that follow in such
a train, where money is to be spent by law
in large, annual, stated sums to buy books; and
at last what would you have done? Why, you
would have taken this great, noble, beneficent
donation to mankind, and converted it into a
fruitful job for every race of needy and artful
adventurers.
Sir, if a library is to be established at Wash-
ington for public use, vote the money from the
Treasury. Smithson did not intrust this fund to
you for such a purpose, or he would have said so
m his will; and he has not said it.
I have said that it is unfortunate that this mat-
ter should again be brought before the Senate.
The battle was fought here for years. Thar par-
liamentary history to which the wiiter of the letter
has had reference, shows it. He claims that, under
the true interpretation of the act of Congress, the
library scheme prevailed. A majority of those
who have been associated with him in the Board
of Regents have decided otherwise. They under-
stand the law to mean that discretion is vested in
the Board of Regents to build up a library m this
greatinstitution, in such manner, and at such time,
as they shall find most conducive to the great
objects of the trust. That is all. Sir, this battle
should not be fought over again. I trust weshall
not present to the European world, whence this
fund is derived, the spectacle that, at this early
day, when the streams of light and knowledge
which, I hope, are to flow from this institution,
have hardly yet made their appearance, that we
are scrambling indecently over the cradle of the
trust.
I have said, Mr. President, that this is a pure
trust. There is, fortunately, no emolument of any
kind attendant upon its administration. I have
been, for some years, honored by the Senate of
the United States as one of the managers of that
trust. I conceive it to be a very high honor. It
is because of the duty which I owe to the trust
thus committed to me that I detain the Senate for
a few nioments.
I perceive that the subject has been taken up
in the other House, at the instance of one of the
regents, [Mr. Meacham,] an honorable member
there, who, as the journals have been published,
it is now fair to say, voted with the writer of this
letter. On his motion, a committee has been
raised, which is, perhaps, proper enough; but I
must say, with very great respect for that body,
that the committee has been vested with very
extraordinary power for such an inquiry—the
power " to send for persons and papers." This
would seem to convey an imputation that the body
of gentlemen who are charged with the adminis-
tration may require a police officer or a messenger
from this Capitol to get from them papers or other
evidence. I regret it, sir; but straws show how
the wind .blows, and this strange and exigent
demand of power for the committee has its own
meaning, which time may disclose.
I am indisposed, sir, to commit myself, as to
any present disposition of this paper, and I sub-
mit, therefore, to the honorable Senator from
Maryland that, for the present, it would be better
to allow it to he on the table until it can be con-
sidered by the Senate, what disposition should be
made of it.
Mr. PEARCE. I beg leave to say, in regard
to the suggestion of the honorable Senator from
Virginia, that I remain of opinion that this paper
should be referred to a select committee of this
body. I do not think that the fact that it is the
subject of investigation by a committee of the
House of Representatives, should operate to pre-
I vent us from committing it to a committee of our
i own body. I have no doubt that House took
such action as seemed to them to be proper; but,
I submit, with due respect to the House of Rep-
resentatives, that, no matter what may be the
action of that House, it is for the Senate to act
independently. However, I make no motion for
reference to a select committee, because I am a
member of the Board of Regents, and I do not
wish to sit in judgment on my own cause, or over
my fellow regents.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I regret, Mr. President, that
there should have been a necessity, in the estima-
tion of any gentleman, to bring the affairs and
