306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
by the intervention of the legislative power of the
two Houses of Congress.
In regard to the first view, I cannot myself un-
derstand how this body, or the other House of
Congress, is to exercise a judicial supervision upon
the question of the interpretation of this law. It
is our business to make laws; it is the business of
other officers and classes of persons to expound
and execute those laws. In a strict judicial sense,
we cannot exercise any jurisdiction or supervision
over the judgment which may be so pronounced;
and, therefore, considering the letter in that respect,
it seems to me totally inappropriate to any func-
tions which either this or the other House of Con-
gress can legitimately exercise.
If it be considered as a letter intended to com-
municate to the two Houses of Congress malver-
sation in the conduct of these public officers,
however proper that application may be to the
other House, it is plainly out of place here. The
other House, from what we learn of their pub-
lished proceedings, seem to have taken the subject
up in that idea, that this is an imputation by the
writer of the letter that a gross abuse has been
. practised by the majority of the Board of Regents
in the administration of this fund; and they have
accordingly raised a committee, referred the letter
to the committee, and vested them with the power
of sending for persons and papers—a power ap-
propriate to the investigation, if the object be what
I have just said, but utterly inappropriate and
absurd supposing it to be a mere question of
legislative inquiry with a view to found legislative
action thereupon. If it is a question of the inter-
pretation of a law, do you want to send for persons
and papers to enable you to interpret a law ?
What papers will you send for to enable the com-
mittee of the House of Representatives to ascertain
what is the meaning of this law? Do you want
the statute? Surely the committee can get that
without having a power to send for papers. Do
you want the proceedings which took place at the
time when this law was enacted, the parliamentary
history of it? Surely that can be obtained with-
out a power in the committee to send for papers
or for persons. But if you suppose the investiga-
tion is pursued for the purpose of ferreting out a
delinquency, an abuse, a malversation; then that
part of the resolution becomes all appropriate, and
theobjectis to drag up witnesses and compel them
to testify to the conduct of the perpetrators m this
stupendous fraud, not only on the law of the
country, .but on the noble charity which they are
appointed to administer. If that be the aspect in
which this subject is taken up, we have nothing to
do with it; we should not commit ourselves in
advance upon it; for, suppose the proceedings of
the House of Representatives should result in
preferring articles of impeachment, for example,
against the Chief Justice, it would be very indeli-
cate and improper for us in advance to form and
delivera solemn opinion upon the question whether
there was just cause for the impeachment.
Then tiiere is only one other respect in which
this residue of the paper can be supposed, as it
seems to me, to be intended to have any influence
upon Congress; and that is, that the honorable and
distinguished gentleman who writes this letter,
knowing that we have no judicial power over the
interpretation of the law, and therefore cannot, by
any judgment of ours, ascertain that what has
been heretofore done in its interpretation has been
done wrongfully, in a judicial sense, and knowing
that it is not a proper subject for an investigation,
with a view to a criminal prosecution by impeach-
ment, sends it to the two Houses of Congress, as a
recommendation that they shall institute an in-
quiry, with a view to an amendment of the law.
In this latter view, it strikes me as exceedingly
inappropriate for any gentleman, not a member of
these bodies, or one of them, and not coming here
in the character of a petitioner asserting a claim
against the Government, to undertake to advise us
of the propriety of further legislation.
I say, therefore, Mr. President, that I regret
very much that this truly distinguished gentleman,
of whom the American people have reason to
be proud as one of their sons, gifted as he is, and
distinguished as he has been in his past course,
did not content himself with resigninghisposition
for the very ample and sufficient reason which
he first gives, that he is unable to discharge the
duties required of him. I regret it also, because,
if I collected the scope of that letter accurately
from its reading—for I had not seen it before—it
seems in any view to present this state of the
case—the writer meets with his brother regents;
a certain question arises, what shall be done in
the management of the institution? Thatiuquiry
involves a question as to the just interpretation of
the law; the best and the legal means of carrying
out the great purpose of the donor. That matter
is the subject ot discussion and debate among
them. The majority of the regents decide
agamst him, and immediately he retires from the
institution, and interposes an appeal to Congress
against the majority of the body, of which he is a
member.
Again, sir, it seems to imply this: Distinguished
and elevated as that gentleman is, and high and
important as are the services which he has ren-
dered to his country, and which he is now able to
render in this or any other station to which the
voice of his countrymen or the public authorities
may call him, I think the whole tone of that part
of the letter slightly exaggerates the importance to
the public of tae event which it communicates;
namely, his retiring from the Board of Regents.
Besides, considering also (for I think my
friend from Illinois did not succeed exactly in
vindicating that part of the letter) the suggestion
which my friend from Maryland made, that there
is a tone of confidence, of unmistakable and un-
mistalten certainty, with which the distinguished
writer announces his opinions upon the interpreta-
tion of this law—which I think my friend from
Illinois will pardon me for saying at least borders
a little, very little, upon the confines of arrogance,
for I beg my friend to consider against what an
array of judgments the opinion of that distin-
guished writer is given.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Consider the names on the
other side.
Mr. BADGER. The names on the other side
have not been yet given; but I am very certain
that my mend befoie me, [Mr. Douglas,] whose
name is one of them—'and it is a name of weight
and authority in this country, and elsewhere,
where it is known—is one of the last persons who
would announce his opinion, without the expres-
sion of some deferential conception that, after all,
perhaps he might be mistaken. Now, I must
say, I think it is due to truth, and the occasion, to
say (and 1 believe the whole Senate wilt agree
wiih me) that, whether the distinguished writer
be correct or not in his opinions, that part of the
letter is in very bad taste.
Believing, Mr. President, that there is nothing
for us to do but accept the resignation of this gen-
tleman, and to accept it with regret because of his
eminent talents and lugn position and undoubted
patriotism, and therefore his capacity and willing-
ness to be useful, I should think that the subject
might be allowed to drop; but, nevertheless, I
yield to the suggestion of my friend from Mary-
land. He has intimated that he desires that this
should be the subject of investigation, and I am
willing to move that it shall go to a committee;
but I am not prepared to say that it is proper, on
this occasion, to select a special committee. This
is a question of judicial interpretation—of legisla-
tion to be founded upon a judicial interpretation—
if the committee in fjie Senate shall be of opinion
that the regents have mistaken the true construc-
tion of this law. We have a committee, a stand-
ing committee of this body, composed of eminent
lawyers, abundantly able to reexamine this sub-
ject, so far as it needs reexamination, and so far
as this House has any jurisdiction over it. I am
not, therefore, for passing over that committee
upon a judicial question, to raise any select com-
mittee. It is a question of law—the interpreta-
tion of a statute. If we are not satisfied with the
judgment given in the Board of Regents; if such a
board of men, aided in their opinions by the illus-
trious Taney, do not convey to us a conviction
that a statute has been rightly interpreted, let it go
to that committee of this body. It is a proper
organ to examine, and investigate, and report
upon strictly legal inquiries. I therefore move
the reference of this paper to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I should not
speak at all on thi^ question, if it were not that 1
think the Senate has a duty to discharge to itself
and to its dignity. I need not say that 1 entertain
as profound a respect and admiration for the dis-
tinguished gentleman who sent this communication
here as any other person in the House, or in the
country. I take the occasion thus early to say
that I have formed no opinion upon the merits of
the question which has been raised by that com-
munication. I deem it my duty, as far as possible,
to hold my mind free and open for the purpose of
forming an opinion hereafter.
Sir, I cannot consent, for one member of this
body, to send this communication to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, or to a select committee, be-
cause, although I believe it to have been intended'
with the best motives, and to have been entirely
unexceptionable in the view of the writer, yet I'
think it is derogatory from the dignity of the Sen--
ate. What is it, sir? It is a resignation of art
officer. Every citizen of the United States has a
right to hold an office if he can get it; and certainly
every citizen of the United States holding an office,
has a right to resign it; and it is not necessary for
him, in order to be relieved from the burden of the
office, to assign any reason or excuse whatever.
Whatever may be said by way of apology or ex-
cuse, or reason, or justification, does not alter the
character of the act itself. It is an absolute resig-
nation. It is complete. It is final. The Senate
has nothing to do but to file it. It is done. The
Senate cannot compel the individual to retain his
office. They cannot ask him to take it back again,
however high he may be. They can reappoint
him, but they must receive his resignation as a
complete act.
According to my humble judgment, what this
retiring regent ought to have done, was to send a
letter to the President of the Senate, saying, in so
many words: " Sir, I resign the office of Regent
of the Smithsonian Institution." It is true that
a regent, like every other public officer, has aright
to inform the public and to inform Congress, if
he pleases to do so, of the grounds why he declines
a further continuance in the discharge of a public
trust; but that should be, not by a letter explain-
ing his reasons for his resignation, but it should
be done through the public press, or otherwise, so
as not to make the table of the Senate bear the
burden of all personal, and political, and other
explanations of persons retiring from public office.
it is manifest that the honorable and distin-
guished gentleman has not considered the legal
nature and the official character of the act he
was performing. I say, then, this resignation
was complete and absolute when the words
" I resign this office" were written, but that is
not the whole of the communication. We are,
besides, favored with an explanation of the rea-
'sons why he resigns. This is either for the in-
formation of the public, (and if so, it ought not
to have been made to the Semite of the United
States,) or else it is for the purpose of instructing
the Senate m regard to the question which is dis-
cussed in the paper. If that honorable and dis-
tinguished gentleman wished to instruct the Sen-
ate upon the merits of the question out of which
his resignation has arisen, he had the right to
come before this body in a respectful manner, by
petition, by memorial,or by official communica-
tion, as a regent of the institution; but he dis-
claims the privilege and the right of addressing us
as a Regent of the Smithsonian 1 nstitution .because,
in the very act of representing his views to the
Senate, he resigns that office, and shows that he
leaves the Senate and the country to take care of
the question as they best may.
I think, then, that what isdue to this occasion,
is to lay this letter on the table. Then, I agree
with the honorable Senator from Maryland, and
the honorable Senator from Virginia, and others,
that there is, in the occasion itself, in the subject-
matter which has come to the knowledge of the
Senate, that which may very proper]y rf quire arj
inquiry. I think that inquiry ought to be made
by the Senate, out of regard (o the public inter-
ests, the public welfare, and the honorand dignity
of the country, and not upon a communication,
which is of so unusual and extraordinary a char-
acter as this.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I do not know
that 1 concur entirely in the conclusion of the
honorable Senator from New York, but I must
say that I agree, in the main, with the purport of
his remarks. I hope that my friend from North
Carolina will, therefore, withdraw his motion to
ref'r this paper to the Committeeon the Judiciary.
What is the paper? Is it the resignation of an
office ? If so, there it should terminate. Is it an
