1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
307
accusation against those with whom this gentle-
man has been associated? If so, as my friend
from North Carolina has remarked, I cannot
approve its taste. Is it for the purpose of bring-
ing this subject into debate in the Senate? If so,
I think its purpose mischievous. Is it for the
purpose of making an issue in relation to this
fund, which is calculated to involve, perhaps, as
has been intimated, different views in different
parts of the country ? If so, it is a purpose which
IB criminal.
In every point of view, whether I regard the
taste of the paper as an accusation of those with
whom this gentleman has been associated, or
•whether I regard it as designed to bring this sub-
ject into popular discussion, I cannot approve its
tone. I am bound to say that much; but if it be
for the purpose of bringing the subject before the
Senate, it cannot be so effectually done as it would
be by making; the report of a committee the ve-
hicle of his views. 1 hope, therefore, my friend
from North Carolina will withdraw his motion to
refer this paper to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BADGER. I am satisfied, sir, after the
remarks made by the honorable Senator from
New York, that my first inclination on this sub-
ject was correct,and that is, that we have nothing
to do but accept the resignation. I yielded, how-
ever, because my friend from Maryland, who
occupies a peculiar and dehrate relation to this
subject, intimated his desire for a committee to
investigate it.
Mr. PEARCE. Will my friend from North
Carolina allow me to interpose?
Mr. BADGER. Certainly.
Mr. PEARCE. I am anxious that the question
should be referred to a committee. 1 am quite
content that the paper should be received and luid
upon the table; but I do desire, as the Senator
from New York has said, that the subject-matters
which aie referred to in the letter, should be
submitted to a committee of this body for con-
sideration. I hope, therefore, that the proposi-
tion of the Senator from New York will be
adopted, and the paper luid on the table; and that
some gentleman will move a resolution directing
a committee (and I now prefer thatit should be the
Committee on the Judiciary) to inquire what, if
any, action is proper to be taken by the Senate m
regard to the Smithsonian Institution. That
committee was organized at the beginning of the
session, without reference to this question. I
am willing and desire that the matter should take
the regular course, and be referred to that com-
mittee, whose appropriate duty it is to construe
the acts of Congress, which are drawn into ques-
tion.
Mr. BADGER. I now withdraw my motion
• for reference, and move that the paper he on the
table.
Mr. WELLER. I am exceedingly anxious
to termmate the debate, and proceed to the
consideration of some practical business. This
question, however, ought to be decided. Here
are three Regents of the Smithsonian Institution,
who have brought to the consideration of the
Senate the important fact that they differ as to
the construction given to a lawof Congress, or as
to the proper mode of using the fund which they
have been appointed to administer. Now, I
think it very important that Congress should de-
termine that question, because we have been noti-
fied, by the debate to-day, that that difference of
opinion does exist; and after this paper shall have
been disposed of, if no other Senator makes the
motion, I shall submit one to instruct the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to consider and report on
this subject.
The "PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from North Carolina, that
the paper lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLAYTON subsequently said: Mr. Presi-
dent, as the Senator from California [Mr. Wel-
jler] did not follow up his proposition, I desire to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee ori the Judiciary inquire
whether any, uud, if any, what action of the Senate is
necessary and proper m regard to the Smithsonian Institu-
tion.
I believe that this resolution is in accordance
with the general sentiment of the body. I do not
purpose to debate it; but i will say now, that I
hold it to be the duty of the Senate of the United
States to sustain the regents of this institution,
whenever the Senate thinks they are right. When
an imputation is cast on those gentlemen, it ought
not to be left to be a matter of conjecture or doubt
in the country, whether the Senate thinks they
ought to be sustained or not. For my own part,
I do thoroughly concur in the opinion which has
been given by a majority of the regency. I have
been of their opinion since the institution was first
established.
I had the honor, as a member of a committee
of this body, some eighteen years ago, to report
the bill, which was afterwards enacted into a law,
accepting the bequest of Smithson; and I well
remember that, upon that occasion, there was a
diversity of sentiment in this body in regard to
the propriety of accepting the bequest, for it was
s^id confidently, by some gentlemen, that it would
turn out that luis Government was incapable of
administering the fund as the testator intended. I
was then of adifferent opinion, and I am now. I
have observed, with some interest, the progress
of this institution, and the course adopted by the
regents, from the origin of the institution, and their
course has, on all occasions, so far as I have been
able to undercland it, met with my unqualified
approbation.
The question which divided ihe regency was
one which arose in the very origin of the institu-
tion. There were many gentlemen who thought
the funds should be devoted to the purpose of a
library. I never thought so. I undertake to say,
that was not. the sentiment of the Senate which
accepted the b- juest. An institution whose object
is to increase and diffuse knowledge among men,
to be confined, or the greater part of its action to
be con fined, to rhe mere purchase of books—books
i to be placed h^ e in this District, where they could
be visited by < ntlemen of wealth from abroad, to
be sure, and wheie they could be searched and
examined by persons who are on the spot! That,
■ however, wouM be one of the most futile, and, in
I my humble juugment, mo3t ineffectual methods
I which could be devised, to diffuse knowledge
I among men. The plan adopted by the regency is
| one calculated :o diffuse it among men in all parts*
; of the civilized world.
| But, sir, 1 will not take up the time of the Sen-
| ate in discussing this question. The Committee
i on the Judiciary are fully capable of examining
1 and deciding e i judicial questions. I think they
, ought to male an inquiry, in order that, if the
I regents are rig 'it in the interpretation they have
| given to the law, they should be sustained by the
! judgment of thu committee, and by the judgment
i of the Senate. I move the adoption of the reso-
j lution which I have submitted.
' The resolution was considered, by unanimous
consent, and reed to.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The PRES^ DENT. Petitions will now be re-
ceived.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of John Van-
blarcum, praying that an appropriation may be
made to test, by experiment, a new method, in-
vented by him, for the transportation of the mails;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
OfTIce and Post Roads.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented
the memorial of Enoch Moore, late inspector of
the customs for the port of San Francisco, pray-
ing indemnity for the loss of clothing, caused by
the wrecking of a vessel on which he was engaged
in the discharge of his duty; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FISH presented a petition of underwriters,
ship-masters, and merchants of the port of New
Yurie, praying that the joint resolution of the
House of Representatives, for the erection of a
light-house on Cape Race, Newfoundland, may
pass the Senate; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. HUNTER presented a memorial of the
heirs of Samuel Scott, praying to be allowed to
enter the bounty land due their ancestor as a major
in the revolutionary army, which they were
unable to do within the time prescribed by low, in
consequence of their papers being mislaid by the
officers of the Government; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Wil-
liam C. Fay, praying that a registermay be issued
for a foreign-built vessel, under the name of The
Foundling of Boston, purchased by him, and re-
paired in the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CLAYTON. I present the petition of
Aaron Haight Palmer, praying compensation for
serviees rendered by him in communications made
by and under the direction, and with the approba-
tion of three Secretaries of State, I believe, and
of seveial committees of this body. I shall not
undertake to state the matters set forth in the peti-
tion; the committee, of course, will inquire into
them. I only wish to say, as an act of justice to
this gentleman, that, from all the information which
I have had an opportunity of receiving heretofore,
in another position, I believe he is entitled to more
credit for getting up the Japan expedition than any
other man I have heard of. He has thrown more
light on it, and given more information on the
subject to the State Department and to the Con-
gress of the United States, than any one else.
His merits, however, in this particular will be
canvassed by those to whom the petition will be
referred. I move its reference to the Committee
on Foreign Relations. I also ask that it may be
printed.
The motion to refer was agreed to, and the prop-
osition to print was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered. That Lucy Tate have leave to withdraw her
petition arid papers.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill of the
House of Representatives, for .the relief of William
Case, reported it back without amendment.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
George W. Torrence, a soldier in the late war
with Mexico, praying compensation for injuries
received while in the discharge of his duty, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Dr. William P. Duel,
praying compensation for medical services ren-
dered to the third regiment of United States artil-
lery, on board the San Francisco steamship, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. IIUNTER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill amending the acts
relating to copper coins.
Mr. GWIN gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill for the establishment of
an express mail, weekly, between St. Louis,Mis-
souri, and San Francisco, in California.
JOINT RESOLUTION INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHASE asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a joint
resolution, authorizing the President of the United
States to contract with Hiram Powers for a work
of art; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
PASSENGER VESSEL PENALTIES.
Mr. FISH. I am instructed by the select com-
mittee to whom was referred the bill " to remit
certain penalties in favor of passenger vessels,"
to report it back with amendments. I ask the
Senate now to put the bill on its passage. I do
not believe it will occupy more time than will be
necessary for the mere reading of the bill. I ex-
plained its object when I introduced it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. The amendments reported by the commit-
tee, which are simply to make the meaning of the
original bill more clear, were agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to say a few words
on this bill, not so much, perhaps, for the use of
the Senate, as to aid in the immediate passage of
the bill in the other House. The bill is reported
by the select committee in relation to passenger
ships, and it is meant to remedy a very grievous
state of things now existing, in consequence of a
change recently made by the Secretary of the
Treasury in the construction of a passenger law
