308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
I think there are some eight or ten German ships
now under seizure in the port of New Orleans
alone, under circumstances which I shall state.
Those ships left the United States last summer,
having fortified themselves with certificates from
the custom-house officers themselves, stating the
exact number of passengers which, under the law,
those vessels were authorized to carry. 1 hold
some of those certificates in my hand. They read
as follows:
I, Thomas C. Porter, Surveyor of the Customs for the
port of New Orleans, do certify that the Bremen ship
called Hermann, whereof A. Rulhmanri is master, of Bre-
men, to be of the following dimensions :
Length, 150 feet 10 incjies.
Breadth, 32 feet 2 inches.
For depth, 16 feet 1 inch; making 716 54-95 tons.
369 steerage passengers.
( \ Given under the seal of the Surveyor's Office,
•< gbAiM > tliis twenty-second day of June, 1853.
( ) W> L. PORTER, Deputy Surveyor.
I, James M. Vandergnff, United Stales Measurer of Ves-
sels, do certify, that the ship called Hermann, of Bremen,
to be of the following capacity, for the carriage of steerage
passengers:
Cleai superficial feet of lower deck, from ship's stein
to transom 3998
Clear superficial feet of poop deck house 1177
Entitled to carry on lower duck  285
Do. do poop deck house   84
Total number of steerage passengers  369
J. M.- VANDEltGRlKF,
United States Measurer and Examiner of Vessels.
These vessels left the United States with these
certificates, and returned with the precise number
of passengers which they were informed by the
certificates of the custom-house officers they were
entitled to carry. Upon their return, they were
seized for a breach of the revenue laws, and the
captains were prosecuted,criminally, for bringing
back that number of passengers. This state of
things arose from the fact that, during the sum-
mer, while tfeese vessels were absent, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury changed the construction of
the law as it previously existed, and determined
that the poop deck house ought not be measured
in ascertaining the capacity of a vessel for carry-
ing passengers under the passenger law. These
vessels left Europe before information of the
change could have reached there. The change
may be right; the Secretary of the Treasury, I
think, was right in making this change of con-
struction; but, at all events, the owners of the
vessels ought to be informed of it before their ves-
sels are seized, or the captains are prosecuted,
criminally, for a breach of the law. Under these
circumstances, I trust the bill will be passed with-
out objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of the
"Whole were concurred in.
Mr. WELLER. I was not in when the bill
was explained. I wish to inquire whether it has
been reported by any committee? I have had no
opportunity of examining it, but I judge from its
title that it relates to a question on which legisla-
tion is rather a delicate matter.
The PRESIDENT. The bill has just been
reported from a select committee.
Mr. WELLER. 1 should like to have an op-
portunity of seeing what it is. We cannot legis-
late on this subject without affecting very large
interests in which California is deeply concerned.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will say to the Senator
from California that this bill is purely temporary
in its character. It is only designed to operate on
a class of vessels which have not had time to
receive information of the construction placed by
the Secretary of the Treasury on the passenger
law. It will cease to operate in the course of a
month or two. It is no permanent change in the
passenger laws. The bill was explained when it
was introduced; it was referred to the select com-
mittee appointed to consider the general subject of
the passenger laws; and is now reported by them,
with a recommendation that it be passed.
Mr. WELLER. I make no objection to it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
message from the housk.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that they had passed a bill to issue a
registry to the bark Martha.
enrolled bills signed.
The message ^iso announced that the Speaker i
had signed the following enrolled bills and joint
resolution; which were then signed by the Presi-
dent, pro tempore:
A bill for indemnifying Mose§ D. Hogan for
cattle destroyed by the Indians in 1342;
A bill for the relief of David B. Sears;
A joint resolution providing for the engraving,
lithographing, and publishing of drawings, maps,
charts, and other papers of Congress.
judicial system.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope it will be the pleas-
ure of the Senate to take up and dispose of the
bounty land bill. The honorable Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Stuart] has valuable and definite
information on the subject, and I have prepared a
modified bill which I think will meet the general
concurrence of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The unfinished business
of yesterday—the bill to modify and amend the
judicial system of the United States—is first in
order.
Mr. HUNTER. That ought to be disposed of.
Mr. STUART. I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, that the Senate is now
ready to dispose of the judiciary bill. Let us get
it out of the way.
Mr. BRODliEAD. I yield only to the judi-
ciary bill.
The PRESIDENT. The bill to modify and
amend the judicial system of the United States is
now before the Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole. The question pending at the adjourn-
ment last evening, was on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] to postpone
the further consideration of the subject until the
first Monday m December next.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall not detain the Senate;
I only wish to say that 1 should have been willing
to vote for the bill reported by the Committee on
the Judiciary, but as it is evident that we can do
nothing on the subject at this session, I shall vote
with those who ko for an indefinite postponement.
Mr. TOUCEY". As the bill of the committee
has not yet been amended by the Senate, I shall
vote to proceed with its consideration, and against
jhe postponement.
The question being taken by yeas and nays;
resulted—yeas 29, nays 13; as follows:
"YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Benjamin,
Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Cass, Clay, CUjton, Dawson,
Dixon, Lvans, Fesscnden, Foot, Gwin, Houston,
Hunter, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mal-
loiy, IVaree, R 'id, itu>k, fdMvard, Shield'3, and Wade— '29.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Boll, Brainerd, Blight, Chase,
(•oyer, Gillette, Morion, Rockwell, Sebastian, Sumner,
Toueey, and Wcller—13,
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
extension of bounty land laws.
Mr. BUODHEAD. I renew my motion to
take up the bounty land bill.
Mr. HUNTEIt. Do 1 understand that the
Senator from Pennsylvania thinks that bill can be
disposed of to-day?
Mr. BRODHEAD. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. If so, I shall not press the
Army appropriation bill to-day, although I am
anxious that we should dispose of it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope the honorable Senator
from Virginia will insist on considering the Army
appropriation bill to-day. There is a necessity
for speedy action upon it. I am afraid the bill of
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania cannot
be finished to-day.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I beg to say to my friend
from Illinois that, m my opinion, it will not take
twenty minutes to dispose of my bill if we proceed
with it to-day.
Mr. SHIELDS. Very well; I yield.
Mr. Bkodiiead's motion was agreed to; and the
Senate accordingly, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill, " in addition
to certain acts granting bounty land to certain offi-
cers anil soldiers who have been engaged in the
military service of the United States."
Mr. FOOT. When this bill was last before
the Senate, I moved an amendment to the effect
that the Plattsburg volunteers should be included
within its provisions. This was accepted by the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] as an
addition to an'araendment which he had previ-
ously offered; and that amendment of his, as thus
modified, is, as I understand, the question now
pending before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Maine, to insert
in the description of the beneficiaries of the bill
the words " or of any armed force employed by
any State for the protection of its territory, and
whose services have been paid for by the United
States, or of any who went as volunteers at the
invasion of Plattsburg by the British troops in
September, 1814."
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, when this bill was
under consideration some days ago, 1 moved an
amendment to the effect that the Plattsburg volun-
teers should be included within its provisions.
This was accepted by the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Fessenden] as an addition to an amendment
which he had previously offered, and that amend-
ment, so modified, is the question now pending
before the Senate, as I understand it; and on the
latter clause of that amendment particularly, which
was accepted by the Senator from Maine, on my
suggestion, I desire to submit a very few remarks,
in addition to what I took occasion to address to
the Senate at the time I moved the proposition. I
had hoped that such a proposition would meet with
no resistance and no objection in this body, espe-
cially from the friends of the bill. I still entertain
thehope that all opposition to a-proposition so mani-
festly iust as this is, will be withdrawn, or,at least,
that it"will be overcome by the voice of the Senate.
I undertake to say that no class of beneficiaries,
included within thermovisions of the bill, present
stronger claims upon the consideration and bounty
of this Government, asnone rendered more essen-
tial services to thecountry in the war of 1812 than
those Plattsburg volunteers. Your country, at
the time, was invaded by a hostile army of four-
teen thousand strong, and where you had no ade-
quate regular force to resist its march; and these
volunteers, obedientto the call of duty and patriot-
ism, turned out upon the first sound of alarm,
met that invading army upon the field of battle,
routed and drove them back over the Canada line.
They, indeed, turned the fortunes of the day,
saved your regular troops from a disastrous defeat,
and delivered your country from the presence and
the depredations of a hostile and predatory army,
boastful and confident of victory. The 11th day
of September, 1814, is little less memorable in the
annals of the last war with Great Britain than ig
the 8th of January, 1815. Both are canonized
in the grateful recollections of the American peo-
ple. The battle of Plattsburg was to the war of
1812 what the battle of Saratoga was to the war
of the Revolution; and the honors and the glory
of that day belong, in good part, to those in
whose behalf, as an act of impartial justice, I ask
you to extend the benefits of this bill.
As the claims and services of these volunteers
are very well set forth in a report made to the
House of Representatives by the Committee on
Military Affairs, in March, 1850, and as the report
is not a long one, I will take leave to read it:
March 28, 1850.
Mr. J. A. King, from the Committee on Military Affairs,
made the following report:
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of the volunteers of Vermont for compen-
sation for services at the battle of PlPitsburg, m 1814, report:
That it appears from the petition of more than two hun-
dred volunteers from the State of Vermont, that they, and
many ol their deceased companions, were at Plattsburg. m
the month of September, 1814. and were pie&enta: the bat-
tle of the Jlth of that month, serving under the immediate
orders of General Strong, of that State, and under the com-
mand of General Alexander Macomb, who held the gai rison
at Plattsburg at that time; that, while engaged in their or-
dinaiy occupations, they heard that the British army, ot
fourteen thousand men, und^r Sir George Provost, accom-
panied by a powerful fleet, had invaded the neighboring
State of New York, with the avowed purpose of conquering
the fort at Plattsburg, and the American fleet then hiri" <n
archor in the lake ; that General Macomb, with a gainUu
of only fifteen hundred men, had, in this imminent peril and
emergency, called upon the Governors of \eimont arid
New York for a militia force; and, as the population of
that part ofNew York was spaise. and a Jnrge'numbf-r of
men could not be suddenly collected m season to renei the
enemy, the alternative was presented to them of volunteer-
ing ?0 ciOb.s the lake, and to hasten tn the aid of their breth-
ren, whose firesides were threatened by a powerful foe, or
to await the attack upon their own r-oil. They prefenrd
the former ; and, leaving their plows in the fuirow, and the
tools of their trade wheie list u-sed, they seized their arms
and reached the field of battle in time to lake their pait in
the decisive check which was then given to the British
army; that, having done their dutv, and seen the armv of
the enemy m full reticat, and hi? fleet in the poss* s&ion of
t.ic gallant McDonoueh and his hiave s-ailoi^, and. no lur-
ther aid being required at then hands, they tetuined, as
they came. Without any compensation for then b ■-
}ond the share of common £lory which each had a ri<iht to
claim lor himself and his Ktatc; that tiu y come now bef'oie
Congress to a&k for such compensation for then shoit but
