1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
309
efficient services on that memorable occasion as has been
awanb'd to others, under simitar circumstances, and par-
ticularly to a regiment of militia, (the fourth regiment, sec-
ond LtigaUe, and thud division of Vermont,) buddenly col-
Jceted by its colonel, and also present and aiding in tnc de-
fense of Piatuburg, on the 11th of September, 1814, the
officers ai-d men ot which regiment were' allowed, by the
act of 1848, a compensation equal to one month's service on
that occasion. As no distinction can be made between the
services rendered by these two brave bodies of men, so
should there be no difference in their compensation; and,
■when the statement made by the petitioners is fully sus-
tained and borne out by the official d-spatch of the com-
manding general, it is recommended that a bill be prepared
authorizing and directing the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury to adjust, settle, and pay a compensation to
the volunteers of the State of Vermont who were present
at the battle of Plattsburg, and to the representatives of
those that are dead, which shall be equal to one month's
services each.
In this connection, I will further claim the in-
dulgence of the Senate by reading a paragraph or
two from General Macomb's report of the battle
of Plattsburg, in which he pays a just tribute to
the services of the Vermont volunteers:
Headquarters, Plattsburg, September 15, 1814.
Sir : I have the honor to communicate, for the informa-
tion of the War department, the particulars ot tne advance
of the enemy into the Territory of tbe United States; the
circumstances a tending the siege of Plattsbuig, and the
defense of the posts intrusted to mychaige.
The Governor General of the Canarias, Sir George Pre-
vost, having collected ali the disposable force of Lower
Canada, with a view of conquering the country as iar as
Crown Point and Ticonderoga, enieied the territoues of
the United States, on the first ot the month, an.i oc cupiod
the village of Champlain; there avowed hn mtenMoiw,
and issued orders and proclamations, tending to dissuade
the people trom their allegiance, and inviting them to fur-
nish Ins army with provisions. He immediately began to
press the wagons and te.ims in the vicinity, and loidtd
them with his heavy baggage and stores. Fr 'in this, I was
persuaded ho intended to attack this? place. T had bu  just
returned from the lines, where I had commanded a fine
brigade, which was Inoken to form the division under
Major General I/.ard, oulered to ihe westwaid. Being
senior ofiicei, he loir me in command, nnd, except the lour
companies ot the sixth regiment, ( had not an oiganized
battanon among those remaining. The garrison was com-
posed of convalescents and recimtH <4 the new regiments,
all in the greatest confusion, as well a^ the ordnance and
stores, and the woi ks in tio state of defense. * * *
Fiomthe7th to the 11th, the enemy was employed in
getting oil his battering tram, and erecting Ins batteries and
approaches, and constantly skirmishing at the bridges and
fords. l?y this time, the militia ot New York, and the vol-
unteers of Vermont, were pouring in from all quarters. I
advised General Mooers to keepht& force along the Saranac,
to prev.nl the enemy's eroding the river, and to send a
strong body in hi> ic.ir to hara^-i imu day and night, and
keep him m continual alarm The imiitia behaved with
great spirit alter the fir^t day, and the volunteers of Ver-
mont were exceedingly serviceable. * * * *
At du>k the enemy withdrew lim artillery from the batteries,
and raised the siege ; at nine, undei cover ot the night, sent
off, in a gieat hurry, all the baggage he could find traii'-poit
for, and also his artillery. At two next morning the whole
army precipitately u-tn-ated, leaving the sick and wounded
to oiii gem ro-ity, and the Governoi left a note with a sur-
geon requesting the humane attention of the commanding
general. * * * * * * * * *
The light troop*, volunteers, and militia, pursued immedi-
ately on learning ot hi* flight; and some of the mounted
men made pr^oner^ five diagoonsol the nineteenth i"gi
men!, and several other-, ot the rear guaid. A continual
fall ot rain and a violent storm prevented further pursuit.
Upwards of three hundred deserters have come in, and
inarij are hourly amvsng. YVc have buned the llritifh
officers of the aimy and navy with the honors of war, and
shown every attention and kindness to those who have
fallen into our hands. * *■ * * 'phe joss (,i
the enemy in killed, wounded, prisoner?, and deserter*,
fcince Ins fir-d appearance, cannot fall short of twenty-Jive
hundied, including many officeis, among whom is Colonel
Wellington, of the " Buffs."
At this point I will read a few sentences from
Thompson's Civil History of Vermont:
'* About the 1st of September, Governor Prevost entered
the territory of the United States, ot the head of fourteen
thousand men, and advanced towards Plattsbmi, whieh w.i*
ganisoncd by only one brigade, under General Macomb, tne
mam northern army having marched to the vvc>tward. On
the 7th of September, the enemy appeared before I'lafts-
burg, and were emplo\ed m getting on their battering tram,
erecting batteries, and in skirmishes with the Americans,
but did not make a general assault till the arrival of their
flonlla.
In the mean time every effort was made to call in the
neighboring mmtia. Expresses were sent into Vermont,
and the Green Mountain boys, without distinction of pai ty,
shouldered their guns, and hastened forward to repel the
irivaMon; and m the part which they took m the subse-
quent conflict, they nobly sustained their high chaiacter
for firmness and bravery."
This testimony Is abundant, Mr. President, to
prove the great importance and value of the ser-
vices of those volunteers, and their fidelity and
devotion to the interests and honor of the country
upon that trying occasion. Sir, I should reproach
myself as derelict in the discharge of my duty
towards those brave and true men, and patriots,
were I to fail to ur^e their claims upon the favor-
able consideration of this body, when you are
proposing to bestow a bounty upon all who have
ever, at any time, been regularly enrolled in the
service of the country, in any of its wars, and
been paid by the United States, without reference
to the length of service, as the bill now under
discussion proposes to do. The discrimination
which the bifl makes, as it now stands, is mani-
festly invidious and unjust. You offer a bounty
to one who has rendered service in a war, and
has been paid for it, and withhold it from an-
other who has rendered like service, and, it may
be, vastly more important service, and who has
not been paid for it. The mere statement of the
case shows forth the palpable injustice and gross
partiality of this discrimination, and I insist upon
it there is not a sound and defensible reason for it.
But, says the honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
nia, [Mr. Brodhead,] who has taken the very
vigilant charge of this bill, this will be extending
its provisions too far; it will embrace too large a
: number; the law could not be executed; it will
increase the facilities to frauds upon the Govern-
I ment, &c. I answer, as the bill already embraces
j everybody who has ever been enlisted in the ser-
! vice of the country, in any of its wars, and who
j has been paid for it, however short that service
' may have been, why not take in the small rem-
j nant who have been left out, and excluded by the
I conditions of enrollment and payment, but who
i have rendered actual and most important services,
j at a most important and critical time, and who are
j equally meritorious, to say the least, and not the
less meritorious because they have not been paid;
| certainly not the less meritorious, no one will un-
j dertake to say; because, m the hour of their coun-
try's need, they left their fields and their work-
| shops, and hurried away to the field of battle
i without stopping for a regular enrollment ? They
drove that invading army from your borders, and
1 restored quiet and security to the inhabitants of
j your northern frontier, and then returned to their
; homes and to their daily toil. Not the less rneri-
I torious are they, that they did not take care that
their names were enrolled for payment, or that,
they have never called upon the Government, even
: for a just remuneration, until long years after-
wards, when they found the Government, in the
i fullness of its Treasury, and in the magnitude
J of its domain, dealing out pensions and bounty
i lands to almost everybody else.
i The objection that this will extend the provis-
ions of the bill too far, and embrace too large a
number, is not a very satisfactory reason for an
act of admitted and manifest partiality. Besides,
sir, it comes too late. You have already extended
the provisions of the bill either quite too far, or
not quite far enough. The objection has already
lost its application, and, therefore, its force. The
bill adopts the principle of granting a bounty to all
who have ever rendered evert nominal service in
war, and now we only ask you to extend it so far
as to reach all who have rendered actual services
in times of pressmg emergency. We ask you,
only, in other wouls, to make your bill equitable
and impartial in its operation.
The objection that the lav/ cannot be executed,
I regard as a mere chimera—as a naked and unaus-
tained assertion. If the law could be executed as
the bill now stands, embracing all who have ever
been mustered into the military service of the coun-
try, or their generation after them, it is idle to
pretend that u cannot be executed if it be made
to embrace the comparatively small addition of the
II unenrolled and unpaid volunteers who, in a time
of imminent peril, went out to the aid of your
regular troops, and saved them from defeat, and
your country from dishonor. I apprehend there
will be no great difficulty in the execution of the
law.
The objection that it will open a wider avenue
to the commission of frauds upon the Government,
I have before endeavored briefly tc answer. 1
repeat, the evidence of the services of unenrolled
volunteers can be made as clear, as conclusive,
and as reliable as though their names figured upon
a muster-roll. Moreover, if frauds continue to be
practiced upon the Government, as most undoubt-
edly they will, you may be assured thatit will be by
other means and by other modes than by attempt-
ing to show a volunteer service at Plattsburg or
anywhere else, which, m reality, was never ren-
dered. Besides this, Mr. President, your Gov-
ernment peculators and your public plunderers,
usually strike at higher game; they strike for a
richer prize than the paltry consideration of a
quarter section of public land. I dismiss this ob-
jection as of very little weight.
* Mr. President, I was exceedingly gratified,when
this bill was last under consideration the other
day, to hear the distinguished Senator from Mich-
igan [Mr. Cass] award the tribute of his high
commendation to the conduct of the Vermont
militia, during the war of 1812. 1 can assure the
honorable Senator that his commendation will be
as highly appreciated as it is well deserved. It is
true, as was stated by the honorable Senator on
that occasion, that the Governor of Vermont, in
November, 1813, issued a proclamation ordering
the immediate return to the State of a certain brig-
ade of militia who had previously passed over to
the opposite side of the lake, into the State of
New York, where an invasion of the enemy from
Canada was daily apprehended, and directing them
to hold themselves in readiness to receive the
orders of the State authorities, and to protect and
defend the exposed frontiers of our own State.
Lake Champlain was also, at that time, in pos-
session of the British fleet, our own not having
been fitted out until the following spring. Its
borders were exposed to attack; and, in fact, two
or three hostile demonstrations had already been
made upon the Vermont side. It is true, also,
that that brigade of volunteer militia refused to
obey that summons. Since reference has been
made to th>t proclamation, and as it has often
been made the subject of severe animadversion,
it is but right and just that I should read it to the
Senate, in order that the reasons assigned by
the Governor himself may be the more fully under-
stood, and his motives the better appreciated:
By his Excellency Martin Chittenden, Esq., Governor,
Captain-General, and Commander-in-Chief in and over
the State of Vermont.
a proclamation.
Wherea* it appears that the third brigade of the third
division of militia of this State has been ordered from
our frontiers to the defense of a neighboring State; and,
whereas, it further appears, to the extreme regret of the
Captain-Geneial, that a part of the militia of said brigade
have been placed under the command, and at the disposal
of, an officer of the United States, out of the jurisdiction
or control of the Executive of this State, and have been
actually marehtd to the defense of a sister State, fully
competent to all the purposes of self-defense whereby an
extensive section ot our own frontier, is left, in a measure,
unprotected, and the peaceable, good citizens thereof are
put m great jeopardy, and exposed to the retaliatory incur-
sions and ravages of an exasperated enemy ; and, whereas,
disturbances of a very serious nature are believed to exist,
in consequence of a portion of the militia having been thus
ordered out of the'State ; Therefore, to the end that these
great evils may be provided against, and, as far as may be,
prevented lor the future-
Be it known, that such portion of the militia of said third
division as may bo now doing duty in the State of New
York, or elsewhere, beyond the limits of this State, both
officers and men, are hereby ordered and directed, by the
C.iptamGenoral and Commander-in-Chief of the nulitia of
the State of Veimont, forthwith to return to the respective
plaecH of th< ir usual residence, within the territorial limits of
said brigade, and thereto hold themselves in constant read-
iness to act in obedience to the orders of Brigadier General
Jacob Davis, who i- appointed, by the Legislature of this
State, to the command of said brigade.
And the said Bu^adicr General Jacob Davis is hereby
ordered and directed, forthwith, to see that the militia of
hn -aid brigade he completely armed and equipped, as the
1 iw directs, and held in constant readiness to march, on the
shortest nonce, to the defense of the frontiers; and, in case
of actual invasion, without further orders, to march with
his said brigade, to act, either in cooperalion with the
troops of the United States, or separately, as circumstances
may lequire, in repelling the enemy from our territory, and
in protecting the good citizens of this State from the ravages
of hostile incursions.
And in case of an event so seriously to be deprecated, it
is hoped and expected that every citizen, without distinc-
tion of party, will flv at once to the nearest post of danger,
and that the only rallying word be " our country."
Feeling, as the Captain General does, the weight of
responsibility which rests upon him, with regard to the
constitutional duties of the militia, and the sacred rights of
our citizens to protection from this great class of the com-
munity, so essentially neeessary m all free countries, at a
moment, too, when they are so eminently exposed to the
dangers of hostile, incursions and domestic difficulties, he
cannot conscientiously discharge the trust reposed in him
by the voice of hi*> fellow-citizens, and by the Constitutions
of this Slate and the United States, without an unequivocal
declaration, that, in his opinion, the military strength and
resources of this State must be reserved for its own defense
and protection, exclusively, excepting in cases provided for
by the Constitution of the United States; and then, under
orders derived only from the Commander-in-Chief.
Given under my hand, m Montpelier, the 10th day of
November, in tiie vear of our Lord, 1813, and of the inde-
pendence of the United States the thirty eighth.
MARTI 1ST CHITTENDEN.
That brigade company published an answer to
this proclamation. That answer ia so character-
