31-2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
governing such part of them as may be em ployed in the
fervice of the United States, reserving to the r-tates, re-
soectively, the appointment of the officers, and the authority
of training the militia according to the discipline prescribed
k^The President is likewise made Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy of the United States, and of the militia
of the several States, when called into the actual service
of the United States.
The power which is thus given to Congress by tne
people of the United States, to provide for calling forth the
militia, for-the purposes specified in the Constitution, is
unconditional. It is a complete power, vestea in the
National Government, extending to all these purposes, if
it was dependent on the assent of the Executives of the
individual States, it might be entirely frustrated. The
character of the Government would undergo an enure and
radical change. The State Executives might deny that the
case had occurred which justified the call, and withhold
the militia from the service of the General Government.
It was obviously the intention of the iramers of the Con-
stitution, that these powers, vested in the General Govern-
ment, should be independent of the States' authorities, and
adequate to the ends proposed. Terms more comprehen-
sive than those which have been used cannot well be con-
ceived. Congress shall have power to provide for calling
forth the militia to execute the laws of the Union. YV hat
laws? All laws which may be constitutionally made.
"Whatever laws are adopted for that purpose, within the
just scope of that power, which do not violate the restraint-)
provided in favor of the great fundamental punciplcs of
liberty, are constitutional, and ought to be obeyed. They
have a right to provide for calling forth the mihtia to sup-
press insurrections. This right is also unqualified. It ex-
tends to every case of insurrection against the legitimate
authority of the United States. It may be said that the
Government may abuse its authority, and force the people
into insurrection, in defense of their rights. I do notthin.t
that this is a probable danger under our system ; 01 that it
ia the mode of redress, even if such abuse should be prac-
ticed, which a free people, jealous of their rights, ought to
resort to. The right which they have to change their Rep-
resentatives, in the legislative and executive brandies of
the Government,at short intervals, and, thereby, the whole
system of measures, if they should think proper, is an
ample becunty against the abuse, and a remedy for it, it it
should ever occur.
Congress have aNo a right to provide for calling forth the
mihtia to repel invasions. This rujht, by lair conduction,
is, 111 my judgment, an exemplification of the power over
the militia, to enable the Government to prosecute the war
with effect, and not the limitation of it, bv Mnet conduc-
tion, to the special case of a descent of the enemy on any
pariiculat part of our territory. War t xi=ts ; the enemy is
powerful; his prepatations are extensive; we may expect
his attacks in many quarters. Shall we remain inactive
spectators of the dangers which suiround uj, without
making the arrangements su^ge^ted bv an ordinaiy instinct-
ive foresight for our defence? A regular Army,in sufficient
extent, maynotex'st. The mihtia is the principal lesuuiee.
Is it possible that a free people would thus intentionally
trammel a Government which they had cieated for the
purpose of sustaining them m their just rank, and ui the
enjoyment of all their right*, as a nation, against the en-
croachments of other Powers, more specially alter they
had experienced that reliance could not he placed on the
States Mdm<luaPy, and thai, without a General Govern-
ment thus endowed, their best interests would be ^aeiilieed,
ami even their independence insecure? A neeessaiy con-
sequence of so complete- and absolute a lotsaiut on the
power of the Gcneial Government ovei the nuhtia, \\ ouid
be to foieo the United States (n resoii to staining nimies
lor all national purposes. A poi.ey mi fiamdit with mis-
chief, and so absurd, ought not 10 he imputed to a free
people m this enlightened age. ft oii-iht nor. moie espe-
cially, to be imputed to Jhe good people of these States.
Puoli a construction of the Con^iluuon i'«, in my opinion,
repugnant to their highest iut.Te.st-, to the unequivocal
intention of its frames, and to the just and obvioti- import
of tbeinstiument itself.
The construction given to the Constitution by the Incen-
tive is sanctioned by legislative authority, by the practice
of the Government, and by the assent and acquiescence of
all the States, since the adoption of the Constitution to
the period of the late unhappy difference*, respecting
which the committee lias desited to he inloimed. Hv the
law of 1795, the Piesident i.« authorized to call forth the
mihtia for the purposes mentioned in the Constitution, bj a
direct application to the mihtia offieeis, without any com-
munication witli, or reference to, the K eeutive of the indi-
vidual States, and penalties are prescribed lor earning the
law into efftet, should resort to them be nectary It ^
merits attention, in regard to the question under consider- ;
ation, that the power given to the President to call forth ^
the mihtia, is made dependent, by this law, on the fact of | j
nn invasion bavins actually occurred, but takes effect in
case of imminent danger of it.
In the j ear 1793, the Pi evident of the United States on
the certificate of a Judge of the Supreme Court, that an in-
surrection existed m the western pan oi Pennsylvania,
called out the mihtia of several of the States, including the
mihtia of Pennsylvania, to suppress it; which call was
obeyed. In this instance, the assent of the Governor of
Pennsylvania, to the exigence of an insurrection, was not
asked. Gcneial Washington, who then held the office of
Chief JVIagistiate, rein d exclusively on the powers of the
General Government for the purpose. The pinion of the
ri°ht to carry powers, thus granted, into effect, follows of
course. The Government to whom they are.gramed must
judge of the means necessary for the purpose, subject to
the checks provided by the system. It adopts a measure
authorized, supervises its execution, and sees the impedi-
ments to it. It has a right to amend the law to carry the
power into cffect. If any doubt existed on this point, in
any case, on general principles, and I see cause for none,
it cannot in the present—a power having been explicitly
granted to Congress, by the Constitution, to pass all neces-
sary and proper laws for carrying into execution the powers
which are vested in the General Government.
Equally unfounded, in my opinion, is the other objec-
tion of the Executives of the States above mentioned, that,
when the mihtia of a State are called into the service of the
United States, no officer of the regular Army, or other per-
son, not a mihtia officer, except the President of the United
States, in person, has a right to command them.
When the mihtia are called out into the service ot the
United States, all State authorityover them ceases. They
constitute a part of the National force, for the time, as es-
sentially as do the troops of the regular army Like the
regular troops, they are paid by the nation. Like them,
their operations are directed by the same Government.
The circumstance, that the officers of the mihtia are ap-
pointed by, and trained under, the authority of the State,
individually, (winch must, however, be done according to
the discipline prescribed by Congress,) produces no eftect
on the great character of our political institutions, or on the
character and duties of the mihtia when called into the
servicc of the United States.
That tiie President alo.ie has a right to command the
m'htia in person, when called into the service of the United
States, and that no officer of the regular army can take the
command m Ins absence, is a conduction for winch £ can
see nothing in the Constitution to ailoi d the slightest pretext.
Is if inferred from the circumstance, that he is appointed
commander-in-chief of the militia when callcd into the
seivico of the United States? The <anu  clause appoints
him commander-in-chief of the land and naval forces of the
United States. In coiistiuction of law he lscommander-m-
ehief, though not present. His presence is not contem-
plated m either case. Equally necessary isit m the one as
in the other. What ha- been the practice under the Con-
stitution, commencing vvuh the first Chief Magistiate, and
pui^mng it under his aucees^ors, to the present time? Has
any ['resident iver commanded, in person, either the land
and naval fotces, or the militia? Is it not known that the
power to do it h vested in him, principally, tor the purpose
of giving him the control over military and naval opei ations,
being a i.eccs-ai-y attribute of the Executive branch of the
Government? That, although he might take the command
of all the forces under it, no President has ever done it ?
That a provision lor the actual command is an object of
legislative regulation, and the selection of the person to
whom coinmiit"d,ot Executive discretion.
Under the commander, all the officers of every species
of service and corps, regular and inihtn, acting together
take rank with common consent, and perfect hamiony,
aecoidusg to ail article ot war, sanctioned by the Con-
stitution. Uy this article, the offieeis ofthe tegular army
take rank of those ot the militia of the same grade, with-
out regard to the dues of their cr>mrnis-i<>us and otlicers
ol any and eveiy made of the mt!i:ia, take rank oi all
olhcen ol mfcnoi giadu of the legular a; in v. VVh-'ii the-e
11oops serve together, they consume but one National
foice. They are governed by the same articles of war.
The details for detachment, guard, or any other service,
aie made from them openly They are, in truth, blended
together, as much a> are the troops of the regular amiy
when :ietoig hv themselves only.
The idea advanced by the honorable judges of Massa-
chusetts, iliat.wbeie the tegular troops and mihtia act
togcilu'i, and are commanded in person by the President,
who witbdiaws, there can he no chief commander, ot light,
ot enhei i-pecies of force, overthe whole, but that regulars
and militia, .is implied, may even be considered as allied
lniee-vtsa consequence of the construction tor winch they
contend. It pushes th" doclime of tfute-rurhis further
than i have ever knowji it to be earned in any other in-
itinte. It is only m the ease of Powers who are com-
pletely independent of each other, and who maintain
ainnes, and pi execute war, n.q mist a common enemy, for
objects equally distinct and mdep. ndent, tti.it this doctrine
j can apply. It does not apply to the ease of one mdepend-
| enl Power who takes into u  seivice lite tioopv of another:
| for then the command is always at the disposal of the
j Power making wai,and employing euch troops, whether
I reeular or mihtia. How much less does il apply to tiie
[ case iindei consideration, whcie tin rp is but one Power, and
| one Government, ami the troops, whether regular or mihtia,
I though distinguished by shades of character, constitute but
' one people, and aie, in fact, countrymen, friends, and
, biethren.
The Pic-ident is in himself no bond of union jn that re-
spect. He holds his station as commander m chief ol the
land and naval foices, and of the mihtia, under a Constitu-
tion which binds us together a  one people, for that and
many other important pmposes His absence would not
dissolve the bond, would not revive discordant latent
claim5', or become a signal tor disorganization.
The judicious selection of the chief commander, for any
expedition or impoitant station, is an object of high inter-
est to the nation. Success often depends on it. The right
to do this appeals to me to have been explicitly vested in
the Prcsid-nt, by the authouty given to Congress to provide
foi calling forth the mihtia, for organizing, arming, dis-
same Chief Magistrate, of the power of the General Gov- - j ctplunrig, and governing them, when employed in the ser-
ernment over the mihtia, was al-o niadu known by anothei
distinguished act of In* administration By a report of
Geneial Knox, the then Secretary of War, to Congicss,
this doctrine is maintained to the utmost extent, and exem-
plification* of it insisted oil, which pr<>ve, that, from the
nature of our population", the rmhiia was the force winch,
in his judgment, ought puuupully to be relied on lor ail
National purposes.
Tn the instances under consideration, powers are gt anted
to Congress for specified purposes, in distinct term®. A
vi'.c of die United States, and by the powf rs vested in him
as Chief Executive of the United States. The rights of that
highlv respectable and virtuous body of our fellow citizens
are, j am persuaded, completely secured, when the mihtia
osheers commanding corps are retained m their com-
mand—a major general over ins division, a brigadier gen-
eial over his brigade, a colonel over his legiment, and the
inferior officers tn their respective sta ions. These rights
are nor in pi mi oi affected by the exercise of the right of the
Chief Magi&tidie; a right incident to the Executive power,
equally applicable to every species of force, and of high
impoiiance to the public, to appoint a commander over
them of *1 e regular Army, when employed in the service
of the United States, if he should deem H expedient. The
rights of the militia officers, and those of the General Gov-
ernment, arc strictly compatible with each other. There is
no collision between them. To displace militia officers tor
the employment of regulars, or to multiply commands of a
separate character, especially of small bodies, for that pur-
pose, would be improper. .
In dividing the United States into military districts, and
placing a general of the regular army m command m each,
with such portion of the regular force, artillery, and in-
fantry, as could be spared from other service, it was the
object of the President to afford the best protection to every
part of the Union that circumstances would admit of, with
the least burden which might be possible to the people.
These commanders were specially charged with the defense
of their respective districts. ltw£s enjoined on them to
watch the movements of the enemy, to communicate them
to the Government, and to execute its orders m summon-
ing to the field, on menace of invasion, such portions of the
quotas of tiie mihuaof each State within their respective
dHhicts, as bad been provided for by act of Congress, ana
detailed by this Department, as were thought necessary.
When this arrangement was entered into, it will be ob-
served that there was no menace of immediate invasion,
and but few mihtia in the field. It was intended as a
measure of precaution, to guard against possible, but, as
was hoped and presumed, distant dangers. The Executive
then bad no alternative between that arrangement and
any other. The mihtia officers of rank afforded none.
They were at home—for the Executive has no power,
under existing laws, to call them into the field without a
command «f men suited to their rank; and even when
thus called forth, their term of service must expire with
that of the men whom they command. These facts show
that nothing was more remote from the intentions of the
Government than to disregard the just claims ofour fellow
citizens of the mihtia. They show, also, how difficult it is
to provide, by any arrangement which can be adopted, for a
general and permanent defense of our principle cities and
seaboard, without employing officers who are always m
service, in the principal commands at least, for the purpose.
It is admitted that, by the increased pressure of the war,
in consequence of which much larger bodies of mihtia have
been called into service, and with them many general offi-
cers of experience and merit, these d-fficulties have pro-
portionably diminished. Of these officers several have
been already advanced to distinguished commands, with
great satisfaction to their fel'ow-citizens, and advantage to
their country. The committee may be assured that oppor-
tunities of this kind, reaarding the obligation of a just
responsibility, will be seized by the Executive with pleas-
ure.
How far these differences may be healed, or the recur-
rence of the like in future be prevented, by legislative pro-
visions, the committee, on a lull view of these documents,
and on a due consideration of the whole subject, will ho
able to decide. It is proper, however, to remark, that the
divisions of the country into military districts, so far as re-
lates to that special object, requires no legislanve sanction,
if, indeed, it admits of one. The definition of boundary
was intended for the put pose of prescribing a hunt to the
civil duties, if they may be so culled, rather than the mili-
tary, of thccoinnmnderot each district; rather to the period
preceding an invasion, with a view to the necessary prepar-
atory measures for repelling it, than after it should take
place. An invasion by a large force would probably re-
quire the concentration of all our tioops along the sea-
coast, who might be brought to act in it. In such an event,
all limitations of boundary to the several commanders
would cea.se. The march of the enemy would ngulate
that of our armies, who would, from every quarter, be
directed against them.
I have the honor to be, with great respect, your most
obedient and very humble servant,
JAMES MONROE.
This, Mr. President, is what Mr. Monroe said.
In addition to that I will read the report of the
committee of the Senate, to whom that subject
was referred. 1 will name the members of thst
committee; same of them at least will be familiar
to every member of the Senate. They were
William B. Giles, of Virginia, Mr. Brown, of
Louisiana, Mr. Turner, of North Carolina, Mr.
Bibb, of Kentucky, and Mr. Gorman, all very
prominent and able men in their day. They
were all unanimous on this point. The report
was made by Mr. Giles. I will read it:
" The Committee of the Senate on Military Affairs, un-
derstanding that serious differences of opinion existed be-
tween the Executive authority of the United States and the
authorities of some of the individual States, respecting the
relative powers ofthe General and *^tate Governments over
the mihtia, deemed itan incumbent duty on them to ask for
information upon that highly interesting subject, with a
view of interposing, if found practicable, so ne legislative
provisions for the mutual accommodation of such differ-
ences. For this purpose, on the 7th of January last, in vir-
tue of instructions from the committee, a letter was ad-
dressed to the honorable Secretary for the Department of
War, a copy of win h accompanies tins report; and, in
reply thereto, the committee received from him the letter
and document^ which aKo accompany tins report.
"Although tne letiKn of peace has, for the present, re-
lieved the committee from the necessity of providing a legis-
lative remedy for these unfortunate differences, yet the
committee conceive that the points m question are of vital
importance to the essential rights and powers of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and that the pretentions of
the authorities ofthe States of Massachusetts, ConnecueuT,
and Rhode Inland, pet up xn opposition thereto, if now acqui-
esced in, might be resumed hy the Slate authorities m the
