816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
wasted in debating this question. Already are
questions of great importance suffering from the
tardy action of this House. Already has half the
session elapsed, and we have reason to appre-
hend that the great and beneficent measure for
reducing the duties on imports, upon which the
eyes of the country have been turned with such
anxious expectation, may be defeated, in conse-
quence of the obtrusion of unimportant matters,
having far less claim upon us, and our habit of
adjourning at an early hour. For these reasons,
and because my friend from New Jersey, [Mr.
Skei.ton,] at my request, withdrew his demand
for the previous question, I feel compelled to re-
new that motion.
Mr. HUNT. I hope not, upon the generosity
and fairness of the gentleman's character.
Mh MILLSON. { have not the least objection
to withdraw it, if the gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. Skelton] will consent.
Mr. HUNT. Perhaps the gentleman from
New Jersey will bewillingto hear this matter dis-
cussed.
Mr. SKELTON. I cannot; for the question
is only upon a motion to refer the bill.
Mr. HUNT. 1 hope the House will vote it
down.
Mr. ORR. I move that the rules besuspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Orr in the chair.)
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. The business before the
committee is the consideration of the bill to pro-
vide for the establishment of railrcfcd and tele-
graphic communication between the Atlantic
States and the Pacificocean,andforotherpurposes.
The pending question is upon an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. PRINGLE. I would inquire whether it
is in order to debate the question now pending
before the committee?
TheCHAlRMAN. Debate havingbeen closed
by order of the House, no debate upon the ques-
tion of order is now in order in the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. PRINGLE. Will the Chair state the
question, and also read the 119th rule of the
House, and the note appended thereto?
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
before the committee is an appeal taken by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Printoi.e] from
a decision of the Chair ruling the motion of the
gentleman from New York city, [Mr. Wheeler,]
to strike out the enacting words of the bill, in
order. The gentleman from New York appeals
from the decision of the Chair, and the question
will be, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the committee?"
The Chair rules the motion in order under the
119th rule of the House, to which he invites the
attention of the committee, and also to the note
explanatory thereof.
The rule says:
" A motion to strike out the enacting words of a bill shall
have precedence of a motion to amend; and, if earned.
fehaH be considered equivalent to its rejection."
The note explanatory is as follows:
"The Manual states that if a committee be opposed to
the whole paper or bill, ami think it cannot he made «ood
by amendment, the committee eannot reject it, but must
report it back to the House without amendment, and there
make their opposition. In 1814 a Committee of the Whole
struck out the first and only section of a bill and so reported
to the House. Mr. Speaker Cheve^ refused to receive the
report on the ground that it was tantamount to a rejection
of the bill, which the committee had not power to do, A iter
tht-i, that the merit of the question might he tested in Com-
mittee of the Whole, rule 119 was adopted. The Manual
provides that a paragraph or section may be first amended
by its friends, so as to make it as perfect as they can before
the question is put (or striking it out. By this rule (i. e.,
rule 119,) it is ezpreisly eAabhtheil that a motion to strike
out, for the purpose of destroying, shall be paramount to a
motion to amend. Rule 139 provides that the Manual shall
govern in eases in which it is applicable, where it is not
inconsistent with established rules. in the case, then, of
giving precedence to motions to insert or to amend over
motions to strike out or reject, it is clearly inconsistent
with an established rule, and consequently the practice of
the ffou-e for the last few years has been in violation of
the 319th rule."
Mr. CAMPBELL. The construction given
by the Chair to the rule is substantially the allow-
ance of the previous question in Committee of the
Whole.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am only giving my rea-
sons for asking the reading of another rule.
The CHAIRMAN. Let the rule be indicated,
and the Chair will have it read.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask for the reading of
the 127th rule.
The 127th rule was read by the Clerk, as fol-
lows:
" Upon bills committed to a Committee of the Whole
House, the bill shall be first read throughout by the Clerk,
and then again read and debated by clauses, leaving the
preamble to be last considered; the body of the bill shall
not be defaced or interlined ; but all amendments, noting
the page and line, shall be duly entered by the Clerk, on a
separate paper, as the same shall be agreed to by the com-
mittee, and so reported to the House. After report, the
bill shall again be subject to be debated and amended by
clauses before a question to engross it be taken."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I should like
to have the 34th rule read. It seems to me to
abrogate the one which has just been read.
The 34th rule was then read by the Clerk, as fol-
lows:
" No member shall occupy more than one hour in debate
on any question m the House, or in committee; but a mem-
ber reporting the measure under consideration from a com-
mittee, may open and close the debate; provided that
where debate is closed by order of the House, any member
shall be allowed, m committee, live minutes to explain any
amendment he may offer; after which, any member who
shall first obtain the floor, shall be allowed to speak five
minutes in opposition to it, and there shall be no further
debate on the amendment; but the same privilege on debate
shall be allowed m favor of and against any amendment
that may be offered to the amendment; and neither the
amendment nor an amendment to the amendment, shall
be withdiavvn by the mover thereof, unless by the unan-
imous consent of the committee."
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will now read
the 134th rule.
The 134th rule was read, as fellows :
" The rules of proceeding in the House shall be observed
in a Committee of the Whole House, so far as they maybe
applicable, except the rule limiting the time of speaking;
but no memb< r shall speak twice to any question until
every member choosing to speak shall have spoken."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does the Chair
decide that the motion to strike out the enacting
clause of the bill is in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so decides.
Mr. JONES. There is an appeal from that
decision ?
The CHAIRMAN. There is, and the question
now is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the Committee?"
Mr.JOMES. 1 would ask whether it would
not be in order for the committee to report the
bill to the House with the recommendation that
it be rejected ?
TheCHAlRMAN. Certainly.
Mr. JONES. The proposition to strike out
the enacting clause amounts to a recommendation
of the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union to the House that the bill be rejected,
and, in my judgment, therefore clearly in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If gentlemen enter into
debate, we should like to take a small turn on this
side of the Hall.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Is it in order
to submit a motion equivalent to the rejection of
a bill, so long as any member has amendments
to offer, and desires to speak on it? The 34:h
rule, which is subsequent in time to the 119ih
rule, gives the right to five minutes* debate for,
and five minutes against any amendment, and was
evidently intended to prevent the application of
anything: like the previous question in Committee
of the Whole House on the state of the Union.
I submit the point for the attention of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. There is a question of
order now pending, and the Chair cannot enter-
tain two questions at the same time. |
Mr. WASHBURN. I only suggested the quea- j
tion as bearing on the 119ch rule. j
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Suppose the decision .
of the Chair is sustained, and the committee then j
strike out the enacting clause of the bill, will any
further amendment be in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It will not.
Mr. DAVIS. That being the case, I wish to
make an appeal io the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wheeler,] who submitted the motion yes-
terday, to withdraw it, that I may offer an amend-
ment to the bill, which, I think, will satisfy all
parties, and put the bill in a condition to claim my
vote.
Mr. WHEELER. I would have no objection
to withdraw my motion had not the gentleman
from California [Mr. McDougall] given the com-
mittee notice that the friends of the bill would
vote down all amendments, and they have voted
down all amendments.
Mr. PRINGLE. I demand tellers on the ques-
tion of sustaining the Chair's decision.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Princle and
Ashe were appointed.
The question was taken; and the decision of
the Chair was sustained, the tellers having re-
ported—ayes 82, noes 51.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think there is some
misunderstanding, upon the part of the House, as
to the course proposed to be pursued by the friends
of this bill; and that it may be understood what
the friends of the bill think the most desirable
course to pursue, I will make a suggestion.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order. I
ask if there is an amendment pending?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York moved to strike out the enacting clause of
the bill.
Mr. GROW. Is that motion debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order to speak in
opposition to the motion.
Mr. GROW. Then I ask that the gentleman
may be confined in his remarks strictly to oppos-
ing,the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. As the amendment, if
adopted, will be tantamount to the rejection of the
bill, the Chair thinks that the whole bill is open
for discussion.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania wants to consume time he may in-
terrupt me again, for I do not propose to consume
anything like five minutes. Sir, I think it will
be better to continue this bill in committee for
some little time longer, perhaps for the remainder
of the day, and see whether, upon discussion, some
subsequent amendment may not be adopted which
will prove satisfactory to all the friends of the bill.
After the bill has been well discussed here, if the
motion to strike out the enacting clause is deemed
necessary or desirable to get the bill out of the
committee, I will not object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman from California what time he would think
a desirable one to make this motion ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will say to my friend
from Alabama, that I shall consult what 1 think
to be the most prudent course upon the subject.
Mr. WHEELER. T demand tellers upon the
motion to strike out the enacting clause.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Johnson
and Cook were appointed.
The committee was divided; and the tellers re-
ported fifty in the affirmative; and a further count
not being desired, the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move to amend
by striking out, in the first section of the bill,
from the tenth to the twenty-third line, &s fol-
low?:
" One roarl and telegraph, to commence on the western
border of the State of Texas, and to pursue the ni'ist eligi-
ble route to the navigable waters of the Pacific in the Mate
of Cakiornia *, which line shall be known as the Southern
Pacific railroad.
" One road and telegraph, to commence on the western
boider of the Btate ot Mi&souii or Iowa, and to pur-ue
the most fhgibJe route to the Hay of San Francisco • which
line shall be known as the Central Pacific railroad.
'• And one road and telegraph, to commence on tne west-
ern border of the State ot Wi«con?in, in the Territory of
, Minnesota,and prirstie the most eligible route to the u'ni-
I gable waters of )he Pacific in Oregon or Washington Tf r-
' liorw-?; which Jine shall be known as the Northern Pacific
railroad."
And to insert the following-;
One grand trunk central railroad, to be constructed
from some point on the western boundary of the Plate of
Missouri or Iowa, between the .S9th° and 'list0 ofnorth Km-
tude, on the nearest and most practicable route 10 ihe cuy
of San Francisco on the Pacific oe«an,and two branch
diverge trnm d central load, at or near the
injd ot west longitude ; from thence through the Territories
of the United State:, m uie direction of the i_it>' of mplus,
in the State of Tennessee; and one diverging irom Hip
taid central road at or near the point aforesaid, and running
iJr0u? Tejiitow* of the United M.ttev fo the moA
eligible point on the western shore of Lake Sup-nior. '
I have hut a single word to say in reference to
this amendment, i am very wei! aware that too
much time has already been taken up in the diti-
