1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
317
cussion of the subject. I am aware, also, that no
remarks that I can make will change a single vote
upon this subject, I stated to the committee yes-
terday, and I will now repeat, that I am opposed
to the construction of tfiree roads to the Pacific.
But, sir, if the amendment! have proposed shall
prevail, we shall authorize the construction of one
main road to the Pacific ocean and two branches.
Now, sir, if this amendment shall prevail, it will
save one half the expense which will be required
to carry out the plan proposed in the substitute
now pending.
Again, sir, it will accommodate the North by
furnishing an outlet in connection with the main
road, starting at about the one hundred and third
parallel of longitude. And it will, on the other'
hand, accommodate the South, hy giving them an
outlet in the direction of Memphis, in the State of
Tennessee. It will, therefore, accommodate, not
only the central portion of the country, but the
North and the South also.
Now, sir, I desire that we shall adopt a plan
which will bring the construction of a road to the
Pacific within the capital of the country, and
within the energies of the Government. The prop-
osition 1 have submitted is a plain one. If it is
sustained by the committee I shall vote for the
bill. If it be not, I shall take the matter into con-
sideration. [Laughter.] Now, sir, I have said
what I wished to say upon the subject, and I ask
for a vote upon tne amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana,
and I will merely remark to the Blouse, that it is
obvious, from the character of this discussion, that
it is a great work of internal improvement that is
contemplated. Now, it is known to the House
that the power claimed on the part of the Govern-
ment by the friends of this measure, and of the
various propositions which have been submitted,
has been,over andover again, denied by one class
of politicians m this country. But, $ir, gentlemen
ought to come to it, and let it be distinctly under-
stood, if they carry this bill, that the repudiation
of that power is no longer to be l egarded as one of
the cardinal principles of the Democratic party.
Sir, we have heard the doctrine announced here,
on various occasions, that the Federal Govern-
ment is a great proprietor. I deny that the Fed-
eral Government can, in any sense, be regarded
as a great proprietor, within the terms of the Con-
stitution. I say that the General Government is
but a trustee—in all respects but a trustee, and in
no sense whatever can be regarded as a great
proprietor. Why, sir, under that term the laigest
class of powers known within the scope of gov-
ernmental action can be claimed. What power
cannot be claimed under the doctrine that this
Government is a great proprietor?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I call the gentleman to
order. He is discussing a constitutional question,
and not opposing the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana.
The CHAIRMAN. The rule requires the
gentleman to confine himself strictly to opposition
to the pending amendment.
Mr. SMITH. If the amendment involves an
appropriation, either of land or of money for a
railroad, does not that involve the constitutional
right to make such appropriations ? And is not
that the character of the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Indiana? 1 hold, therefore, that I
am strictly conforming to the rule.
But, sir, I did not rise with any hope that any-
thing 1 could say would have any effect upon the
House, for, I grieve to say, that there is a mani-
fest purpose exhibited in the official action of this
Congress to take into its own hands all the powers
known to the Government—not the'powers of the
Constitution restricted and limited, as they were
designed to be, but all the powers that are known
to any Government. This is no longer a Govern-
ment of delegated powers; it is no longer a Gov-
ernment of limited powers; it is no longer the
Government of a trustee, but the Government of
a great proprietor, rising above the limitations of
the Constitution, and exercising powers not con-
ferred upon it by that sacred instrument.
Well, sir, I am one of those—few though they
be who raise their voices against the present tend-
encies of the official agents of the Government.
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The Chair
thinks that the course of remark in which the
gentleman isnow^dulging is not strictly in order.
Mr. SMITH. Weil, sir, then I will only enter
my protest against this whole scheme. I am op-
posed to the amendment.
Mr. HENN. I would ask the gentleman from
Indiana to modify his amendment by striking out
the 39thO and 40thO, and inserting the 37tho and
43dO, so as to leave more room for a starting point
on the frontier. At present the amendment con-
fines it to a space of sixty miles, and in that space
of sixty miles there is but one available starting
point.
Mr. DAVIS. My amendment gives from the
38ihO to the 41stO.
Mr. HENN. Well, I ask the gentleman to
modify it so as to give from the 37thO to the 43dO.
That will cover the mouths of all the great streams
running west of the Rocky mountains.
Mr. DAVIS. I will consent to that modifica-
tion.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I claim five minutes to
speak in opposition to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana. The friends of the bill
have an absolute right, under the rule, to oppose
that amendment, and they have not yet clone so.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Smith] has already opposed the amend-
ment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. No, sir; he did not speak
to the amendment at all.
The CHAIRMAN. A portion of his remarks
was held by the Chair to be m opposition to the
amendment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Well, then, I will only
say, that if this amendment is adopted, it will
destroy the bill.
[Cries of (t Order'" "Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that fur-
ther debate is not now in order.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I would inquire of
the Chair whether, since the amendment has been
modified by the gentleman who offered it, debate
upon it, in its modified shape, is not in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds, under
the practice of the committee, that a modification
does not entitle gentlemen to further speeches,
either in advocacy ur in reply.
Mr. JONES. It is clearly a new amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would inquire if
the proposition, as modified, is the same proposi-
tion which has been discussed?
The CH AIRMAN. The modification does not
entitle gentlemen to discuss the amendment a sec-
ond time, according to the uniform practice of the
committee.
Mr. SMITH. I do not want to discuss it my-
self. I only wish to give the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia a chance.
Mr. WARREN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Indiana to accept of a further modification,
and substitute the ^3uOforthe^7thO. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. I decline to do so, and call tor
tellers on my amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Goode, and
Jones of Louisiana, were appointed.
The committee was divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 80, noes f>:2.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill. I am not disposed,
Mr. Chairman, to labor here, and to engage in
controversy on a subject-matter from which there
can be no good or beneficial results. The bill, as
now amended, provides for a main trunk railroad,
branching at 103° of longitude, and running south
to Memphis, and north to Lake Superior. The
gentleman who introduced that proposition cer-
tainly was no engineer. He should have known
that no railroad was ever constructed, taking the
sections of the large rivers, running along the ave-
nues of the Mississippi, north and south.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to aquestion of order.
What is the amendment on which the gentleman
from California is speaking?
The CHAIRMAN. It is a motion to strike
out the enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL, (continuing.) More than
that. Every member of this body, whether a
friend of the measure or an enemy of the measure,
knows this: that without the union of the friends
of a Pacific railroad, without the entire union of
hem, no bill can pass either this House or the
Senate; and words would only be wasted on the
subject. I hope that the friends of the bill—of
a substantial bill—of a bill which can have a
chance of passing this body and of passing the
Senate—will stand up for the proposition which
I have submitted, to strike out the enacting
clause; and I shall, then, on going into the House,
move that the enacting clause be reinserted and
offer a substitute.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am opposed to the mo-
tion of the gentleman from California, [Mr. Mc-
Dougall.] In the first place, I regard that system
of disposing of bills in Committee of the Whole,
as fraught with a great deal of danger, because I
think it is contrary to the spirit of the rule, with
due deference to the opinion of the Chair and of
the House.
Now, sir, in relation to this great national
measurej I desire to say that I am friendly to it.
I am only surprised at the opposition which comes
to it from certain gentlemen from Virginia, who
deny the constitutional power of Congress to vote
any lands, or money either, to build an actual rail-
road to the Pacific; men who, not many months
ago, voted thousands and tens of thousands of
dollars to pay the Irishmen for driving the stakes,
the surveyors for running the line, and men for
cutting stakes and marking places on them with
red chalk. And if they could find power to
authorize the expenditure of money for such purt
pose, in the initiatory steps of the work, I will
point them to the same clause of the Constitution
for the power to appropriate land or money to
carry out the work.
But, Mr. Chairman, this House is not, in my
judgment, prepared now to legislate understand-
ingly in regard to these three great roads. But the
time will come—-perhaps, before many years—
when there will be, I do not doubt, three railroads
to the Pacific. Let us commence doing what we
can now. Let^us make a concentration upon some
one point, if we intend that our legislation shall
be practical. The time will come, perhaps, when
objection will be removed to a southern route, and
the time, I apprehend, will come when the objec-
tion of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Ben-
ton,] in relation to a northern route, will be
removed. He thinks that it is a little too near
the British line; but I am inclined to believe that
before the lapse of many years, the British Prov-
inces will become a part of this country, and then
the northern route will be as national as the cen-
tral route now is. Butthat time has not yet come.
I feel, at this time, the force of the objections pre-
sented by the honorable gentleman from Missouri
to the northern route. When the time shall arrive
m which the British Provinces become a part of
this Confederacy by honest purchase, and not by
any filibustering policy, then we will have to con-
sider the question of a northern route.
I will state, in conclusion, that, if the gentleman
from California [Mr. McDougall] expects to
carry his bill by this system of cutting off the
head and sticking it on again under the screw of
the previous question, he will find an opposition
from a quarter he little expected. The plan he
proposes is not the way to carry a measure like
thi«r. I have witnessed the passage of one measure
in that way, and the country has put the seal of ,
its everlasting disapprobation upon it; and I intend
to strike 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I wish to inquire, at
this stage of the proceedings, whether a motion
that the committee rise would be in order? I
would make the motion, at the suggestion of the
gentleman from California, that the committee
rise- 
The CHAIRMAN. Further debate is not in
order; but a motion that the committee rise would*
be in order.
. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I would like to state
simply a reason for making such a motion.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the gentleman can state his reason.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. If the committee
agree to rise, a motion might be made in the
House for the postponement of this special order
to some day a week hence. I am satisfied that
the action of the House upon this question now
will jeopardize the success of the whole measure.
Mr. HAMILTON. I will inform the gentle-
man, if we get into the Blouse, that I shall object
to the motion that he suggests.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now before
the committee is upon the motion to strike ovft the
