1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
825
I desire to offer to the bill, which is, to add the fol-
lowing words:
j]7vl provided, That, in the opinion of the President of the
Uniird eUates, the same may be done without detriment to
the naval service.
I offer this amendment to meet the objections
which have been thrown out by various Senators.
In my judgment, the discussion has taken a range
which the bill does not warrant, because it already
provides that this act is not to be construed as an
expression of opinion by Congress, on the organ-
ization, conduct, or decision of the court. 1 had
supposed that that saving clause would confine the
discussion here within the narrow limits of the
question, whether this be or be not a just recog-
nition of the past services of Commodore Jones.
As it has been said that an act of this kind by
Congress might possibly interfere, in some way,
with the naval discipline, 1 propose to confide that
question to the President, who is made, by the
Constitution, the commander-in-chief of the Navy.
As he cannot legislate money out of the Treasury
into the pocket of Commodore Jones, I propose
to let the bill pass as it is, but to leave it to take
effect, if, in the judgment of the commander-in-
chief, the discipline of the naval service will not
be impaired thereby.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, X shall vote for
this bill, and I shall do it without any apprehen-
sion that I am casting any reflection whatever
upon the members of the court-martial who ren-
dered the decision against Commodore Jones.
That decision, if not technically reversed, was ren-
dered nugatory, so far as the restoration of the
officer was concerned, by the action of Mr. Fill-
more, who was then President of the United States.
I do not understand that the object of this bill is to
revise the decision of the court-martial, or, in any
way whatever, to interfere with it. It only pro-
poses to give to Commodore Jones the amount of
money to which he would have been entitled if he
had not been suspended from his command. The
power of Congress to-do this, it seems to me, can-
not be questioned. It comes properly within our
legitimate authority, and, in no respect whatever,
interferes with any right of any other Department
of this Government. It is a question which ap-
peals merely to the discretion of Congress, as to
whether they will make the allowance or not.
For my own part, taking into consideration the
gallant services of this officer, and the condition
in which he now is, so far as pecuniary affairs are
concerned, as they have been represented to me,
I shall readily vote for granting the amount which
is proposed to be given to him. I fear that he
will greatly suffer if he does not receive it. I
think it due to him, as far as possible, to reinstate
him in the public estimation. I think it due to
him, whilst we do not interfere with the decision
of that Department of the Government, whicjh had
the right to pronounce judgment on the case, to
exercise a sound discretion ourselves, and restore
him, so far as we can, to all the rights and honors
of which he has been deprived. In view of all
the facts, I shall vote most cheerfully for the bill,
believing that it is but an act of justice to him
which ought not to be withheld from him.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Florida, to add,
at the end of the bill, the following words:
*1nd provided, That, m the opinion of the Ptesident of
the United States, the same may be done without detriment
to the naval set vice.
Mr. TOUCEY. I think, sir, we are competent
to pass on the question, whether it will be det£i-
niental to the naval service or not. This is the
exercise of legislative power; and I am not willing,
in a case like this, and, perhaps, not in any case,
to pass a law, and then leave it to the Executive
to say whether that shall be a law or not. I
would rather do for myself what belongs properly
to my own position. I prefer that this body
should do what belongs to the Senate, and leave
the Executive to do what belongs to that depart-
ment of Government.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I presume no-
body asserts authority in the Congress of the
United States to revise the action of the Executive
in any matter under the Executive control. No-
body, I presume, asserts a power in the Senate
to revise the action of the Executive in reference
to this court-martial. The Executive alone has
the authority over that matter; the power resides
there, and nowhere else. Now, what has been
done ? The Executive Department, in the proper
discharge of its duty, caused an inquiry to be
made by a military court into charges against this
officer. That was a matter competent for tl^e
Executive alone. The court-martial found the
officer guilty of some of the charges, and acquitted
him as to others; and, as their judgment declared,
(for 1 have looked at the paper since, and refreshed
my recollection,) because of those charges of
which he had been found guilty, they sentenced
him to be suspended for five years from active
service, and for one half of that period to be
deprived of pay and emoluments. That was the
sentence of the court. It was approved by the
Secretary of the Navy, the only officer who could
approve it under the authority of the President;
and there it remained until the expiration of some
two or three years, when another Secretary of the
Navy, the successor to the gentleman who ap-
proved it, recommended to the President to do all
the Executive could do—remit the residue of the
sentence; and he did it in complimentary terms.
The remainder of the sentence was remitted.
I have thus given the Executive action on the
subject. The Executive could not order this
money to be refunded. The pay was stopped
under competent authority. He appeals to Con-
gress, and asks that Congress will do that which
the Executive cannot do—mitigate the sentence,
so far as they can mitigate it, by directing that the
pay and emoluments, which have been stopped,
shall be repaid. Well, suppose it should be done,
what will be the effect of it? Why, sir, the police
of the service has been vindicated, under the Ex-
ecutive authority, through a court-martial. The
penalty has been inflicted. The officer has been
deprived of service for some time, and his pay has
been withheld. Now, what is sought? In con-
sideration of the services, to restore that pay.
That is all. He is an old man. He has been for
more than forty years in the public service. His
life has been devoted to that pursuit; and if you
deprive him of his pay for two and a half years,
how is he to obtain his support ? He can devote
himself to nothing else. If he had been a young
man, he might have gone at that time into the
mercantile marine, but it was impossible for him
to do it.
Sir, in the military department of the Govern-
ment, what is more usual ? It has been done over'
and over again. It is considered, by the courts,
necessary to vindicate the authority of the law,
or to vindicate the police of the service, to inflict
penalties, sometimes of a very serious character;
and yet, under such circumstances, that the Exec-
utive Department that inflicted the penalty, has
immediately remitted it. It was done in the case
of Colonel Fremont. He was brought before a
court-martial, found guilty of the offenses charged
against him; and yet, because of the circum-
stances attendant upon the case, the President
approved the sentence, and then restored him to
his rank; but he did not accept it. 1 think it
was done in the case of Lieutenant Hunter—com-
monly called Alvarado Hunter; and yet, after the
sentence was approved, it was remitted. In other
words, the justice of the law, and the police of
the service, have been properly vindicated; and
under the circumstances attending the case, the
penalty, or a portion of it, has been remitted; and
that is the only ground on which I can put it.
Mr. STUART. I am not going to continue
this discussion. I wish frankly to stafe why I
cannot agree with the reasoning of some Senators,
and especially of the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Dixon.] He says he can vote for this bill,
because in no sense does it interfere with the find-
ing of the court-martial. Now, suppose that on
the very day when the finding of that court-mar-
tial was registered, Congress hod passed a law
giving this officer his annual pay and emolument;
it would certainly have been construed by every-
body to be a direct interference with the action of
the court-martial. It surely can be no less an
interference, if we wait for three or four years,
and then do the same thing. So you may state any
number of cases upon this principle, and the result
ofthereasoningmustbethesame. Thecourt-mar-
tial decided, as part of the punishment, that he
should not have his pay. This bill proposes that
Congress shall turn round, and say by law, thai he
shall have it. That is the plain case; and yet
Senators seem to conclude that it does not inter-
fere with the finding of the court-martial.
Sir, take another view of the subject. While
this officer was suspended from his command, he
had no more right to receive pay from the Treas-
ury of the United States than if he had never been
in the service; and it may, perhaps, be a little
difficult to determine the authority of Congress to
grant one thousand, or two thousand dollars, to
this individual, and not to any other individual
whom they may choose to indicate, because, I
say, he was suspended from his command, and,
being suspended, the law gives him no pajr.
It seems to me, therefore, and I submit it with
■great respect, that the reasoning of the honorable
I Senators, who sustain the bill, is not sound, and
that the question results'after all in this: whether
Congress, in view of the circumstances, see fit,
by law, to give to this man this amount of money.
As I have said before, I should not hesitate at all
about doing that, if I believed that we were not
overstepping the true bounds which control the
legislative power of Congress. But other Sena-
tors think differently; and I am notdiscussing the
question with a view to convince them, but simply
to vindicate the vote which I shall be compelled
to give.
Mr. MALLORY. After consultation with
some of the friends of the bill, I think it proper
to withdraw my amendment.
The PRESIDENT. As there has been no
action of anjr sort upon it, the Senator has a right
to withdraw it.
Mr. DA WSON. I do not rise to make a speech,
but to suggest one consideration in reply to my
friend from Michigan. He has likened this to the
case of a donation to Commodore Jones. Let us
see whether that really be the case. The money
has already been appropriated to pay that officer,
with other officers of the Navy; and that money,
under the appropriation laws, is now in the Treas-
ury subject to his draft; but he cannot obtain it
in consequence of the decision of the court-mar-
tial, suspending his right to draw it. Then the
question is, who has the power to restore to Com-
modore Jones the right to draw that money ? The
Senator from Michigan supposes the President of
the United-States, who granted the pardon, had
that power. I submit, however, that he had it
not, and if the President had desired to restore the
money to Commodore Jones, he could not have
done so, because, as it seems to me, his pardon
must act prospectively and not retroactively. He
could no  nore order the money to be paid than he
could wipe out the stain imputed to Commodore
Jones by the suspension from active service from
the time of the decision of the court-martial to the
granting of the pardon. Under the Constitution
of the United States the President could not restore
to Commodore Jones the pay of which he had
thus been deprived. Who alone has the power
to do it? The Congress of the United States. If
President Fillmore had desired to do it, he had no
authority for the purpose.
Then, what is the appeal of Commodore Jones
to us> Not to change the decision of the court-
martial in that regard; not to impute blame to the
President of the United States, who pardoned
him; but to ask of Congress to do an act of jus-
tice to him, which, from the character of our
Government, and the nature of the pardoning
power vested in the President, could not be done
by any other authority. We, in the last resort,
can interfere and restore to him that which, in all
human probability, the pardoning power would
: have done, if the President had the right to do it.
II Such is the position of the case. It is upon this
|j ground that I vote in favor of the bill. I vote for
Ij it because, as I construe the Constitution, the
ij President had no power to restore the pay, but
!! we alone have the right of allowing Commodore
Jones to receive the money already appropriated
to him, and now standing to his credit on the
books of the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I wish I had
understood this subject as well when this debate
began as I do now. It would have relieved me
of some considerable difficulty, I think. I hava
not yet been fortunate enough to hear the sentence
or the pardon read. But in reflecting on the whole
subject in the light which hasbeen thrown on it
during this debate, I am satisfied of this: that
either the President of the United States has or
has not remitted this judgment of the court-mar-
tial—I mean, remitted it' fully and absolutely. If
he has, there is no judgment, no censure, no con-
