1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
327
the President, by the competency of his constitu-
tional authority, had a right to qualify the pardon
at the time he granted it to Commodore Jones, in
February, 1833. If he then stated to Commodore
Jon^s, " this pardon is to take effect three months
from this time; you are to regard yourself as under
the sentence of the court until three months from
the present day," { think it would have been
perfectly competent for him to say so. Was itnot
equally within the power of the President at that
time—and that is the question—to say to Com-
modore Jones, " Sir, I restore you your sword,
■with the farther qualification that so much of the
sentence of the court as has deprived you of pay,
shall be annulled ?" Was it competent for him to
have said that? If it was, and he did not say so,
then it seems to me the pardoning power of the
President has excluded us from that kind of juris-
diction which it is proposed to exercise over this
case.
Mr. STUART. That certainly is the very
point which exists in this case. What I sought to
show in the outset was, that the President, having
remitted only a portion of this suspension, it
g. .was not to be inferred that he had remitted the
portion already past; but it is clear that the par-
doning power, upon the well settled principles of
law—and I have the books before me—is as ex-
tended as the Senator from New York has stated.
It is as if there had never been any conviction.
There are certain occurrences which you cannot
wipe out. As has been said here, if a man has
been hung, you cannot restore him to life; or if
he has suffered ten years' imprisonment in the
penitentiary, you cannot wipe out that fact; you
cannot take away the time for which he was so
imprisoned. But as to everything which has not
been executed, ard, as to everything which is
executed, that can be restored; that is the effect of
the paidon.
Now, suppose that this court-martial had fined
this officer $1,000, and then the President had
pardoned him without qualification, could any-
body have collected the fine against him? He
could plead his pardon; and the effect would be
as if no judgment had ever been rendered by the
court. Suppose he had paid the $1,000, and the
President had unqualifiedly pardoned him, would
it not give him the right to have the money
returned? Suppose he should demand it; the ac-
counting officer would say, " we hold it in vir-
tue of the finding of the court-martial;" he pleads
the pardon, which is, in legal effect, as if no judg-
ment had ever been rendered; w.hat is the effect of
that ?
Here is a suspension of pay, I will say to the
Senator from Georgia, not a suspension of an ap-
propriation. When he applies at the Treasury
for pay, they show him the judgment of the court-
martial, and say " you have no right to it; here is
the judgment of law, which prevents you from
drawing it;" but when the President gives him a
general pardon, he pleads that, and then there is
no suspension.
Sir, t have insisted that the effect of this bill—
the President not having given him a general, but
a qualified pardon—was to interfere dircctly with
the Executive power; and there can be no doubt,
I think, in the mind of any gentleman who will
examine the subject, that, if the President had
given him a general pardon, he would have been
allowed his pay in the interim, according to every
well-settled principle of law. Then how 'it is
possible to conclude that the effect of this bill is
not an interference with the Executive power
under the Constitution, I confess, my inability to
perceive.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and the question was stated to be on
ordering it to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. STUART. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Brodhead, Brown, Clayton,
Daw&on, Di\on, Dodge of Iowa, Fessenden, Foot, Gwin,
Houston, Hunter. Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Ten-
nessee, iVIaltory, Mason, Morton, ileid, Rockwell, Rusk,
Shield", Thompson of Kentucky, Toucey, and Waller—'26.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Benjamin, Brainerd,
Bright, Cass, Clay, Ev«n«, Fi«h, Fitzpatriek, Geyer, Gil-
lette, James, fc ewaid, Staart, Sumner, and Wade—17. ^
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was then read the third time,
and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secre-
tary, announcing that the President had this day
approved and signed a joint resolution, providing
for the engraving, lithographing, and publishing
of drawings, maps, charts, and other papers of
of Congress. *•
PA'RMELIA SLAVIN.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, the hill for the
relief of Parmelia Slavin, late the wife of John
Blue, deceased, was recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. DAWSON. It is known that a vacancy
has occurred in the Committee on the District of
Columbia, caused by the lamented death of its
late chairman, [Mr. Norris.] The vacancy has
not been filled. I move^herefore, that the Presi-
dent pro tempore be authorized to fill it.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE RESOLUTION REFERRED.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives to pay the pension due James Capen to
his administrator, waa read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
BARK MARTHA.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
a register to the bark Martha, was read a first
and second time by its title.
Mr. SEWARD. This is a bill which is a mat-
ter of course, and as there is a necessity for its
immediate passage, I ask for its consideration
now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. Its object is to authorize aregister to be
issued for the bark Martha, of Charleston, South
Carolina, formerly a British vessel, called the
Aquatic, but now owned by John W. Colwell, a
citizen of South Carolina—the vessel having been
brought into the port of Charleston in a disabled
condition, and condemned as unseaworthy; but
which he caused to be repaired and refitted for sea;
but before the register shall issue, it must be proved
to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the Treasury
that the cost of the repairs made in the United
States, after the purchase of the vessel by the
present owner, exceeds three fourths of the ori-
ginal cost of building a vessel of the same tonnage
in the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third leading, read a
third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
War, transmitting a report of the Chief Engineer,
in answer to a resolution of the Senate, calling for
information as to what progress has been made m
fortifying the entrance to the harbor of San Fran-
cisco, California, and the present condition of the
work; which, on motion by Mr. Welleu, was
referred to the Committeeon Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
War, (in answer to a resolution oftheSenate, in-
structing him to report the information required
to be obtained, respecting the deepening of the
communication between Lakes Huron and Su-
perior, by a proviso in the civil and diplomatic
bill of March 3, 1853,) transmitting a report
of the Colonel of Topographical Engineers, con-
taining the information required, and stating the
reasons why the Department was not able to fur-
nish it at the last session; which was ordered to
he on the table, and be printed.
Also, a message from the President of the
United States, in further compliance with the res-
olution of December 5, requesting copies of the
correspondence between General Wool, and the
different Departments of the Government, trans-
mitting a report from the Secretary of State, with
accompanying documents; which, on motion by
Mr. Weller, was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
Also, a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, and covering a communica-
tion from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
asking that certain appropriations may be made
for the service of the Indian department; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
RECLAMATION OF CRIMINALS.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire into ihe expediency of providing, by
law, f«>r ihe reclamation, under the extiaduion treaties of
the United States with foreign countries, of fugitives from
the justice of the United States, and of the several States
and Territories, and for defraying the expenses of such
reclamation; and that they report by bill or otherwise.
I wish to call the attention of the Committee on
Foreign Relations to this subject. I have had
occasion lately, through the State Department, to
make reclamation abroad for the return of a fugi-
tive from the justice of the State of Louisiana.
The State Department promptly interfered in the
matter, and did what was required; and now a
draft has been drawn by our Minister at Paris for
expenses incurred There is no appropriation at
all for services of that kind, and indeed the De-
partment is entirely without any rules of action
on the subject. 1* make this statement with a
view to call the immediate attention of the com-
mittee to the resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
EXTENSION OF BOUNTY LAND LAWS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask the Senate now to
proceed to the consideration of the unfinished
business of yesterday—the bounty land bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 do not propose
to oppose the motion of my friend from Pennsyl-
vania; but it will be remembered by the Senate
that, on my motion, the bill granting to railroad
companies an extension of time within which to
pay the duty on iron imported for railroad pur-
poses, was made the special order for one o'clock
to-day. By agreement with the Senator from
Pennsylvania, I have consented to allow his bill
to be taken up to-day, and to ask the Senate to
meet to-morrow for the purpose of disposing of
the bill to which I have referred.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope we shall be able to
dispose of the bounty land bill to-day, so that it
may not interfere with other general business.
The PRESIDENT. The bill   in addition to
certain acts granting bounty land to certain offi-
cers and soldiers who have been engaged in the
military service of the United States,'* is now
before the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole.
The pending question is on the motion of the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] to strike
out the words, "and whose services have been
paid by the United States."
Mr. BADGER called for the yeas and nays
on his amendment, and they were ordered. ' •
Mr. CLAYTON. I understand the question
to be whether we shall strike out those words
which prevent a soldier who has not been paid
anything from receiving bounty land under this
bill. The bill, as it stands, authorizes grants or
donations of land only to those who have been
heretofore paid. Why should we refuse them to
those who have not been paid ?
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment, resulted—yeas" 23, nays 17; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell. Benjamin,
Brainerd, Bright, Butler, Clayton, Dawson, Evans, Fes-
senden, Fi>h. Foot, Geyer, Gillette, James, Jones of
Tennessee, MalJory, Morton, Pearce, Rockwell, Seward,
Sumnor, and Wade—23.
NAYS— Messrs. Allen, Brodhead, Brown, Cass, Clay,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Houston, Hunter,
Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mason, Reid, Shields, Stuart,
Toucey, and Weller—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I have an amendment to offer,
as an additional section'
Sec. — Jln& he it Jurtker enacted, That this act and the
bounty land laws heretofore passed by Congress, shall be
so construed as to extend their benefits to Indians in the
same manner, and to the same extent, as if tiie said Indians
had been white men.
If I were certain that the Senate had paid any
attention to that amendment, I would not say a
word in relation to it. I take it for granted that
they understand it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BELL. I wish to offer an amendment of
which I gave notice on a former day. It is to
insert in the first section, after the words "ser~
