328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
vice of the United States," and after "mustered
therein," the following:
And each of the surviving volunteer officers and pri-
vates who} in any of the wars in winch this country has i
been engaged, performed military service against the public
enemies, though not called regularly into the seivice 01 the i
United Slates. j
The first section of this bill professes to grant j
the bounty which is proposed to be given by the i
bill, to all who have been engaged in any of our I
wars since the Revolution, and even in that war; j
but the limitation is, that they shall have been !
called and regularly mustered into the service of I
the" United States. Sir, the heroes of King's ;
Mountain were not called or mustered into the \
service of the United States, and though, per-[
haps, there may be but few survivors of that mem- j
orable battle, i question much whether there are I
any proposed to be benefited by the bill who have i
stronger claims upon us. But, ind'ependent of ;
that, i am averse to this failure to recognize their j
claims to the bounty or the notice of the Govern-
ment being any longer permitted by Congress. \
Not one of those men who volunteered had time i
to consult the officers of the General Government. ;
They handed themselves together, elected their |
own officers, without a muster-roll even, so far as ,
we know, and achieved that victory, the most ,
important of the Revolution. j
The bill professes to go back to the war of the i
Revolution; and, sir, if the Congress of the United [
States, professes to do justice to those who per- ,
formed military service for the country, it ought i
to remember that there is a remnant of that, gal- j
lant band. Not only the head of it, but the J
largest proportion of it has passed away forever. |
They never, when living, received any recognition ;
of their claims upon the bounty of the Govern- ,
ment. No one of the officers or privates, unless i
he afterwards became an officer m the regular j
army, was ever recognized as entitled to a pension ■
under the acts of 1818, or Jrti/2, or any other act,
upon the ground simply that they performed this ,
brilliant service within thirty days, and were not
six months, or three months even, in service. :
They were excluded from all the other bills. This
is but a small claim set up now to the bounty of
this land bill, when others who performed far less j
service, and a good many of whom never per- '
formed any act of military service, have been paid
pensions during a long life. 1 hope the amend-
ment will be agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. i think it must be obvious to
the Senate that it will I e utterly impossible to pass
this bill in the shape tn which it now stands. So
many amendments have been made, that it is
utterly impossible for any one to ascertain what
will be the probable effect of the bill. I have no
jdoubt that, m the shape in which it now stands, it
will require some two hundred millions of acres I
think U very unfortunate that we have adopted the
system of giving bounties to able-bodied men. If
I had to adopt a system myself, I would prefer
giving liberal pensions to those who were wounded
or disabled m the public service. I do not sec the
propriety of-giving to an able-bodied man one
iiundred and sixty acres of Sand. You would
afford a sufficient inducement to men to engage in
the military service of the country, if you under-
took to say, by your laws, that, in case they be-
came disabled in the public service,or were killed,
their wives and children should be provided tor.
That, in my judgment, would be a much prefer-
able system to this one of giving the public lands.
I would have this Government, adopt the childien
of those officers and soldiers who fall in its mili-
tary service, and have them educated until they
arrive at u proper age.
I shall propose, jf amendments are to be made,
to increase the amount that is paid under existing
laws to those who are upon the pension rolls.
Now, if a man loses an arm or le<* in the public
service, he receives a pension of e'glit dollars a
month—ninety six dollarsa year. That, is no pro-
vision whatever. It ia no compensation for that
man who has been lo«?t to his family by the loss
of a limb in the public service. I sha'l propose,
therefore, to amend this bill by providing for an
increase of twenty per centum upon the amount
now paid to every pensioner, if a commissioned
officer,upon your pension ;oil,and thu ty-three per
centum on that paid to noa-cunimiaMoried officer.?
and privates, who wuv wounded or disubM m
the public service.
Mr. BELL. I do not understand that the
argument of the honorable Senator was directed
against my amendment. I think it wholly inap-
plicable, unless he proposes to extend pension?? to
those to whom the amendment relates. They j
have been denied it heretofore, upon the ground j
that they were not long enough in service. The
acts of 1818, 1828, and 1832, excluded them upon
the ground that they were not six months in the
service. The amendment v/ill add but little—per-
haps not a score—to the number of those who
may receive the benefits of the bill.
Mr. BUTLER. I have just received a com-
munication from one of the Departments, which
makes it necessary to go into Executive session.
I therefore move to postpone the further consider-
ation of the bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion by Mr. CRAYTON, it was
Ordered. That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. BUTLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after sometime spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Frtday, January 19, 1855.
The [louse met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Suckr.
TheJournul of yesterday was read and approved.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. CLARK, it was
OuJi'rcK Th.it leave lie in.u.ted to withdraw the petition
and p.ipi't* in the ci^c of Zcr.xh Wliuney, for the purpose
ot presenting tin: same in the Senate.
ADDITIONAL ESTIMATES.
Mr. HOUSTON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, presented j
additional estimates from the Navy Department;
which were laid upon the table, and ordered to"
be printed.
VOLUNTEER TROOPS.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the I louse to report, from the Committee
on Military Affairs—in response to a communi-
cation from the President of the United States,
; which was received yesterday, and referred, by
i the House, to that committee—a bill for the sup-
| pression of Indmn hostilities; and I trust that the
: House will also, m view of the blood of our citi-
j zens which has already been shed on our fron-
i tiers, and in view of the alarming state of hostil-
1 ity which now exists—large and powerful tribes
i of hostile Indians having collected upon ournorth-
! western bonier—I say that, in view of these facts,
■ 1 tiu^t the Huuhe will not only give their consent
1 to allow me to report the bill, but that they will fix
! an eaily day foi Us consideration.
Mr. HAMILTON. I desire to know what bill
that is?
The SPEAKER. It is a bill for the suppres-
sion of Indian hostilities.
Mr. HAMILTON, fs-thatthe bill for increas-
ing the Army of the United States >
| Mr. FAULKNER. I will tell the gentleman
j what it is if he will allow me. The gentleman
J will recollect that, yesieiday,at twelve o'clock, a
i special message was received from the President
j of the United "States, communicating the alarming
; intelligence that a targe and powerful tribe of In-
i (bans are now engaged in active hostilities upon
j our north western frontier. This bill ism response
! to that message, and in response to the rec-om-
■ mendations of the President. It provides that a
] force of mounted volunteers shall be raised, not to
{exceed three thousand, to be called into service
| for a period not exceeding eighteen months, and
: they are to be dibbanded earlier than that time if
i their service* shall be no longer necessary,
j Mr. HAMILTON. Does this bill provide for
I anything: else than what the gentleman has stated?
| Mr. FAULKNER. It provides for nothing
i else.
j Mr. HAMILTON. Does it provide for a per-
| manent increase of the Army?
! Mr. FAULKNER, Certainly not.
1 Mr. EDGERTON And for the very reason
that it does not, I shall be constrained to object to
the introduction of the bill. I am opposed to the
raising of any volunteer force.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope my friend from
Ohio will withdraw his objection; and, if he^will
allow me for a moment, 1 will state the reasons
why it seems to me he should do so. There is
no doubt of the fact that there is now a large
body of Indians centering upon our frontiers north
of the Kansas river, and that they are preparing
for active and extensive hostilities. And unless
the Government meets them in the spring with a
force large enough to intimidate them, you wiil
protract, for many years, such a war as they can
carry on. By sending a force of three or four
thousand troops there, as early as practicable in
the spring, you will strike a determined blow, and
you will save all the expense, all the trouble, and
all the bloodshed, which will otherwise ensue.
I am satisfied that the force proposed to be
raised by the bill, which the gentleman from Vir-
ginia asks to introduce, is the best force that can
be raised for the purpose of protecting your fron-
tier. The force is to be raised for a particular
purpose—for a particular service. I will state to
the gentleman that the Indians have already col-
lected a band of three or four thousand warriors,
ready to commence hostilities. They are the most
warlike tribes upon our whole frontier, or any-
where in North America. A process has been
going on with them for many years, inteiesting
in itself, it is true, but dangerous in its results, of
incorporating the tribes overcome by them into
their own bands, instead of destroying them; and
this process has gone on until they have become
the terror of those vast 'plains, not only to the
whites, but to the Indians themselves.
In view of these facts, i am satisfied—and if the
gentleman from Ohio will examine the evidence,
I think he will become satisfied—that it is the de-
termination of these Indians to commence hostili-
ties as soon us the emigrants begin to cross the
plains.
Mr. EDGERTON. I will state, that so far as
my observation is concerned, the experience of
the Government in the past, in calling out volun-
teers, has has been particularly unfortunate. If
any force is to be sent for the purpose which has
been indicated,! am satisfied that the regular Army
is the best. The volunteer force has always been
found to be the most expensive. And so far as
the suppression of Indian depredations, or Indian
hostilities, is concerned, I am stiil further satisfied
that the surest way to protect the emigrant—the
surest way to protect the settler against either, is
to withdraw the military forces of the country
altogether from the Indian country. That is my
belief, and that is the reason why 1 object to this
bill. I must persist, therefore, in my objection
to the introduction of the bill, and especially as it
provides for the raising of a volunteer force.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio at least to withdraw his objection to this
extent: { ask that he will permit me to report the
bill and have the order to print made, nnd then I
will move that it be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. HAMILTON. Let the bill be printed by
unanimous consent, without being reported.
Mr. EDGERTON. I have no objection to the
bill being printed, unless it will have the effect to
help,along the passage of the bill. I shall object
to anything that will have that effect.
Mr. FAULKNER. Well, sir, I give notice
to the House, that I will press the bill to its pas-
sage at the earliest possible moment; and that, if
necessary, I will move to suspend the rules on
Monday, for that purpose.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio one question. He has said that
he believes the raising of volunteer forces has been
unfortunate for the country; that they are the most
expensive. Now, I would like to ask him what
he thinks of the battle of Buena Vista? Did he
think that unfortunate?
Mr. EDGERTON. I did not call in question
the value of the volunteer force in Mexico. I
simply stated that, so far as the volunteer force in
the Indian country was concerned, it has been
unfortunate and expensive. I think the records
of the War Department would show that every
; volunteer force sent into our Indian country has
j produced injury instead of benefit; and, therefore,
! 1 insist upon my objection.
