832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise toa question of order.
My understanding was, that the gentleman from
New York obtained the floor for the purpose of
propounding a question to the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I rose for no such pur-
pose.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then the gentleman said
one thing and meant another.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Wei!, then, sir, I will
put myself right by asking a question now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Yoik coulcl have the right to the floor, by the
permission of the gentleman from Indiana, for
explanation only. If the gentleman goes beyond
that he is not in order.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Well, in order to bring
myself within the rule prescribed by my friend
from Virginia, I will put a question to the chair-
man of the select committee on the Pacific rail-
road. I will ask him whether he intends the
friends of this measure to vote for the substitute,
and thus strike down the original proposition,
because we have had notice served upon us by
two of the accomplished members from Indiana,
that, under certain circumstances, they will not
vote for the bill,or whether he intends his original
proposition to stand upon its intrinsic merits ?
Mr. DAVIS. 1 guess the gentleman is about
dofie. |Laughter. J
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I took the floor by the
courtesy of the gentleman, and 1 must be done
when that expires.
Mr. DAVIS. Iam the best natured man in
the world. [Laughter.]
Mr. WALBRIDGE. That is very evident.
Mr. DAVIS. I have been distinguished for it
all ray life.
Mr. McDOUGALL. [Mr. Davis again yield-
ing the iloor amidst considerable laughter.] I
wish to say that I do not think there should be any
misunderstanding or controversy here amongst
the friends of the general proposition; and, in that
spirit, I consented that the gentleman from In-
diana shouid offer his amendment without calling
the previous question on my own measure. That
measure I prefer myself, and I shall stand by it.
■ I am willing, however, that the gentleman from
Indiana should test the strength of his proposi-
tion.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon, Will the gentleman
from Indiana allow me to trespass on his good
nature for ten minutes of his time? [Laughter.]
Mr. HAMILTON. I give notice now that 1
shall object tt> these inter-Pacific epecche3 if the
enemies of the lull are not to be permitted to say
something, lfthis Iloor is to be farmed out to the
friends of the bill, 1 stand here to object to these
interruptions.
Mr. DAVIS. Let me say a word in reply to
the remark just made, before f pay my addresses
to my good and kind fuend from Oregon. The
gentleman from Maryland says that the floor has
been "farmed out" to the friends of this measure.
He is the last man in this House whom 1 should
have expected to make such a charge as that, be-
cause he knows and you know, Mr. Speaker,that
Ihe enemies of this bill have shared as much of
the time, since I have had the floor, as its friends,
especially the enemies of my particular proposi-
tion. And now you know that I cannot refuse to
yield the floor to my good friend from Oregon.
It would be cruel in the extreme. [A laugh.]
Mr. LANE. I am much obliged to my friend
from Indiana for his kindness. I have, su, for !
the last twelve months, listened more or le3s to
discussions upon this railroad project. I have
heard, with great pleasure, my friend from Cali-
fornia advocate and defend the necessity of a rail-
road, from the eastern portion of our continent to
the Pacific. I hail from that portion of the coun-
try. It is the Pacific that gives character to this
project, and makes it necessary to build the road,
and I want to say a few words about the several
routes, because I am personally acquainted with
them.
Mr. HAMILTON, (interrupting.) Muchas I
esteem my honorable friend from Oregon 
Mr. LANE. I do not want to be interfered
with by my friend from Maryland. I hope he
will allow me to speak just ten minutes, by.way
ofgivins a history of these routes.
Mr. HAMILTON. J would do ilmoRtany-
thing to gratify the gentleman irom Oregon; but
the gentleman from Indiana has the floor to make
a speech, and Ldo not think he ought to farm out
the floor to the friends of the measure who have
power and capacity to make themselves heard in
this House,and give the opponents of the bill no
opportunity of being heard. I know the previous
question is to be called on this bill.
Several Members. We will vote it down.
TheSPEAKKR. The gentleman from Mary-
land calls to order, and the Chair must state that
the gentleman from Oregon cannot make a speech
whilst the gentleman from Maryland is occupying
the floor.
Mr. LANE. I want only to explain, and I
will thank the gentleman from Maryland to let me
do so.
The SPEAKER. The Chair gives notice that
he will confine the gentleman strictly to explana-
tion, and explanation alone. The Chair is bound
to do it, being; called upon to execute the rule.
Mr. LANE. I want to explain the route over
which this bill proposes that theroads shall pass.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the gentleman from Oregon should
make a speech of five or ten minutes length ?
[Loud and general cries of" Yes, yes."]
The SPEAKER. Unless objection is made,
the gentleman will proceed.
No objection was made.
Mr. LANE. I am very much obliged to the
House, Mr. Speaker. I want to say a word or
two about the extent of the country on the Pacific.
We have there, sir, 20° of latitude, or very nearly
that. There is more coast upon that side of the
continent than upon this; there are more decrees
of latitude. There is an immense country there
suited for cultivation and settlement, and equal to
any portion of this continent, or of any other con-
tinent on the face of the earth.
Now, sir, I want to say a word or two about
the necessity of more than one road to the Pacific.
Suppose this country should he thrown into a
war with the combined Powers of Europe—and
they are looking at us with a jealous eye; they do
not like to see us grow up and become the greatest
nation on the face of the earth—in the event of a
war with the combined powers of Europe, m the
present condition of the country, how could you
defend the Pacific coast?
Now, Mr. Speaker, in the event of such a state
of things, as I have alluded to, coming to pass,
without our having* a lailroad between the Atlan-
tic States and the -Pacific ocean, our possessions
on the Pacific coast would fall a prey to the enemy
in less than thirty days after war had commenced.
Therefore, in a military point of Mew, for the
defense of the country, railroads are necessary.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I want to say a word or
two about the Southern route proposed. I have
traveled over that portion of the country, and am
well acquainted witli its great features. 1 will
give the House a correct view of it, and I hope
the House will recollect what I tell them m respect
to it. The country from the Mesiila valley to the
Pacific ocean, by San Diego, and running through
the northern portion of Sonora,is the best district
of country that I have ever traveled over. A
large portion of it is agricultural. The soil is rich
and fertile. The grazing is superior, in my opin-
ion, to that in any other portion of the world.
Cattle can be raised there easier than anywhere
else that I have ever seen. Rain come.s at all
seasons of the year, summer and winter. 1
stopped at a station that had been abandoned more
than fifty years—at San Bernardino—and although
a white man had not lived there for half a century,
and the Indians had been perpetually killing the
cattle, yet they were very numerous and in good
condition.
Such, Mr. Speaker, is the description of coun-
try through which the southern line of railroad to
the Pacific would penetrate. And I would here
say to my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Davis,] that
it does not, as he seems to suppose, cross the
Iiocky mountains. The line where the road would
run never comes in contact with the mountains.
There are no mountains there—they do-not extend
to that portion of the country. Thereis nota foot
of the country which is not fit for roads; not a foot
where good natural wagon roads cannot be had.
There are cnod wagon roads through the country
now. !, Mr. Speaker, }nn not a professional engi-
neer. i am not a practical railroad man. But I j
know this practically, and am no-t mistaken about
it. You can carry out your settlements there,
and settle up that country, and you can there
establish a defense against Indian depredations,
which will enable you to throw your troops any-
where on the Pacific coast.
Then, sir, why not also build a central road—
a middle road—by way of the South Pass, the
summit of the Rocky mountains? Where is the
country better adapted for buiMingarailroad than
this? None on the face of the earth. The slope
of the hills is so gradual that you do not know
when you have ascended and reached the summit.
Then you can carry that road to San Francisco,
or to Oregon. But I want the House to know
that I do not ask for the road to be run through
the Territory of Oregon. I am not selfish or sec-
tional in my views. I am for this whole country,
for every inch of it; 1 love every inch of the
American soil, from the lakes of the North to the
southern extreme of the country. But, sir, the
necessities of the country are such that we ought
to have a middle road. It is not too much that
we should have a central roadj and then, sir, if
necessary, why not give as a northern road, too ?
Is there anything in the Constitution furnishing a
reason why Congress should not appropriate land
for this purpose? Can Congress make a better
disposition of the public lands? In what way
can Congress dispose of them, which would more
promote the interests of the whole country, than
by giving them to assist in the construction ofa rail-
road between the Atlantic States and the Pacific
ocean? Is there any constitutional objection to
Congress making that disposition of the public
lands.? Is there any other way in which greater
benefits can be conferred by the public lands? I
do not believe that Congress can better dispose of
the public domain.
Now, Mr. Speaker, having, through the courtesy
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Davis,] been
enabled to submit my views thus briefly to the
House, I must yield him the floor. It is the first
time that 1 have had the opportunity of saying one
word on the subject, and I regret that I have not
now time to say more.
Mr. DAYIS, of Indiana. If there were time,
I should like very much to accommodate the honor-
able gentleman from Oregon, [Mr. Lake.] There
is no man on this floor, or anywhere else on earth,
that 1 would rather accommodate than that gentle-
man. But I have a word or two furthertosay
before my time expires. Let me first, however,
reply, for one moment, to what the honorable gen-
tleman from Oregon has said. I think, Mr.
Speaker, that, when a central road is built to the
Pacific ocean, it will fully accommodate theTerri-
tones of Washington and Oregon: as travel can
be carried on by boats around the Pacific coast.
This, sir, is an experiment; the fact of construct-
ing this railroad at ail—put it in the most favor-
able light you can—is nothing but an experiment;
and a vast undertaking it is.
Mr. FULLER, (interrupting.) I would like
to ask the gentleman one question.
Mr. DAVIS. I will yield for a question.
Mr. FULLER. I would ask the gentleman
whether he has made any inquiry, and whether
he is able to give the House any data as to what
would be the cost, supposing the rood already
made, and exclusive of the expense of building it,
of transportinga ton of freightto'the Pacificocean?
Mr. McDOUGALL. According to the tables
made out and published in Hunt's Merchants'
Magazine of June, 1853, the running cost of
transporting a ton of freight three thousand miles,
would be $9 90.
Mr. PULLER. I ask the gentleman if there
is any road in the United States which transports
freight at that rate ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. No, sir. I pay ?he run-
ning cost of the road for a ton of freight for three
thousand miles, would be $9 90; hut if charged at
the rate of prices which exists on the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad, the transportation would cost
about $15 a ton.
Mr. DAViS. Now, I cannot yield the floor
any more. I have but a minute or two left, and I
cannot possibly finish all that 1 have to say in that
time. Thereis one thmg which gives an answer
at once to the gentleman from Misfoun, (Mr. Be 
to.w] It is this, that, if the great central railrond
was constructed, it would be a highway of nations,
and would make Europe on the one side, and Asm
