1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
833
on the other, our tributaries for the transporta-
tion across our continent. And, sir, the profits
arising from passengers alone over that central
road, would make it a great paying road, to say-
nothing whatever of the freights passing over it.
1 desire to reply, for one moment, to the honor-
able gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wal-
e«idge.] That honorable gentleman said that I
had served a notice upon this House that, if my
favorite proposition were defeated, I intended to
vote against the proposition of the gentleman from
California, [Mr. McDougall.]
Mr. WALBRiDGE. 1 but did the gentleman
justice.
Mr. DAVIS. Sir, I have made no pledge on
this floor in respect to what I would finally do on
this issue or question. 1 said, yesterday, that if
my proposition were defeated, I would take the
matter under consideration; and I am talcing it
under consideration just as rapidly as I can.
(Laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, let me say a few words in relation
to the constitutional scruples which some of my
friends from Virginia entertain.
A Member. Not the gentlemen from Virginia
alone. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. Well, as to the constitutional
objections of the gentlemen from Virginia and
others ! This bill proposes to give not one dollar
•of money out of the public Treasury for the con-
struction of this road. It proposes simply t<j
grant twelve miles of land on each side of the
road for the purpose of aiding in its construction.
Now, I want the honorable gentlemen on this
floor, who have made objections on constitutional
grounds, to answer me one question. A session
of Congress has not transpired, since I have been
a member upon this floor, in which grants of
lands have not bean made for the purpose of con-
structing roads and other works of internal im-
provements through the Territories. We make
no proposition here, by the terms of this bill, to
construct a road through the States. Not at all.
I would vote against any proposition, let it come
from what quarter it might, which winked at the
idea of constructing a national road through the
States by the General Government.
SI am no lawyer; but I believe I can understand
the plain reading of the Constitution. For many
years there has not been a session of Congress
in which grants of lands, for the purpose of
making military or postal roads through the Ter-
ritories, have not been made. And yet, when we
■come here to-day, before an American Congress,
asking an appropriation of lands for the purpose
of constructing a great national work—which is
to be the carrying line across the continent,
between Europe on the one side, and Asia on the
other—a great national work, intended to accom-
modate the entire country—we are to be met
with the objection that it is unconstitutioftal, and
•we ought not to make it. Are we to be met, at
this late hour, with the objection of my friends
from Virginia, and elsewhere, that such a grant
of land would be unconstitutional, and that we
ought not to make it? I regard the sanctity of the
Constitution as highly as any man upon this floor.
I stand here a Representative, and have taken au
oath to support that Constitution; and I had rather
that -my right arm should fall palsied from its
socket, than to give a vote which would violate the
express letter and terms of that Constitution.
Mr. GROW. I am unwilling to interrupt any
gentleman while speaking; but, knowing the good
nature and proverbial kindness of the gentleman
from Indiana, I desire his indulgence for a few
minutes, as it is the only way that I can get the
floor, since the gentleman proposes to call the
previous question, which, if sustained, will cut
off all debate.
We have an express grant in the Constitution to
make all '! needful rules and regulations" for the
disposal of the public lands, so that, under that
power, there is no restriction, save the discretion of
Congress. But Congress cannot exercise one grant
of power in such a way as to conflict with any other
power. And as Congress has not power, in my
judgment, to build railroads by a direct appropria-
tion of money, how can it be done indirectly by
an appropriation of land ? But the friends of this
bill ask, what is the difference, in constitutional
power, between granting the alternate sections and
a right of way? Under the doctrineof " eminent
domain," the company would have no right to
pass over the public lands without the permission
of the Government. To relieve them from this
legal trespass, we gratff the right of way—a mere
easement, the fee remaining in the Government,
and all rights granted would revert to it, should
tlje road at any time be abandoned. The grant is
made, not for the purpose of aiding in building
the road, but merely to permit a passage over your
lands, without subjecting the company to an ac-
tion of trespass. So this grant has nothing to do
with the grant of homesteads to settlers. For, in
that case, we are merely exercising the discretion
conferred on Congress by express grant, and that,
too, in conflict with no other grant of power or
the want of it.
As this point was made on me in'the discus- ■
sion yesterday, and as this is the only opportunity
I shall have to answer it, I am obliged to the gen-
tleman from Indiana for his kind indulgence in
permitting me an opportunity.
Mr. DAVIS. I made no point upon the gen-
tleman the other day, in reference to this constitu-
tional question.
Mr. GROW. I did not mean the gentleman
from Indiana, but the gentleman from California,
[Mr. McDougal,] and from Illinois, [Mr. Rich-
ardson.]
Mr. DAVIS. If I had made the question, I
should have done it in this wise: I voted for the
homestead bill. I believe that the Constitution
guaranties the power to Congress to make grants
for railroads, just as much as it does to grant
homesteads to actual settlers. If there is any gen-
tleman in this House—I care not how much legal
acumen he is possessed of—who will point out
the distinction between the two, I wilrt-esign my
seat. There is no such distinction, and it all lies
in the imagination of gentlemen. Whenever a
proposition comes up here for the purpose of
making grants of land for railroad purposes, as has-
been the case ever since I have had the honor of a
seat upon this floor, it has been met with the same
objection. The question then comes down to this:
what shall we do? The gentleman upon my
left, [Mr. McDoucall,] in his remarks yester-
day, said that he had no idea in what way the
measure under consideration could be rendered
most popular, so as to command the vote of this
House. I do not know, nor do I pretend to say,
what strength my proposition has upon this floor;
but 1 do know one thing, that, unless we meet
upon this common ground between the North and
South, unless we take one road, and make that
the actual road, extending its benefits to every
portion of our common country, we shall experi-
ence great difficulty in passing any measure for
the purpose of constructing any of these roads.
The gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Jones]
says, that his portion of country is entirely cut off
from the benefits of this bill, and entirely excluded
from the advantages resulting from this measure.
When we come to make a great national road,
when we act as national men, and intend to do
a national thing, is it possible that we can run this
road into every portion of the common country
for the purpose of accommodating everybody ?
If we have any measure of a national character
before this body, is it wise to change and modify
it so as to suit the particular local interests of
I every member upon this floor? No, sir! Upon
this great measure, I have never been governed
in my action here by local, sectional feelings; but
always by high, national considerations. But
my time is about to expire, and, before I take my
seat, 1 will move the previous question.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man from Indiana will withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. DAVIS. Therearea number of gentlemen,
for whom I entertain great respect, who desire to
make a few remarks upon this question. If I
yield to one, I must to another; and 1 am under
a promise to the honorable gentleman from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. McDocgall,] that, when 1 closed my
remarks, I would demand the previous question.
Mr. BAYLY. I would appeal to the gentle-
man from California 
[Cries of " Order! " " Order ! "]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Chair. I wish to know if the demand for
the previous question be seconded, whether it will
be in order at any time to'move to recommit this
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union ?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion would not
then be in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to have an oppor-
tunity to test that motion, and I hope, therefore,
that the House will vote down the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to say, in reply to
the gentleman from 
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The House refuses to hear
the gentleman, and discussion would not be in
order.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Will my friend from
Indiana [Mr. Davis] svithdrawthe demand for the
previous question ior five minutes? I promise to
renew it. ,
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand tellers.
Mr. WARREN. I desire to make an appeal
to the gentleman from Indiana, to m'odify his
amendment, for I am anxious to see the friends
of the bill support it. If he will adopt the modifi-
cation I suggest, it will remove, as I think, from
his amendment everything of a sectional char-
acter. I ask him to insert, intead of 37° of lat-
itude, 30° of latitude, and to commence on the
western borders of Missouri or Iowa.
Tellers were then ordered; and Messrs. Camp-
bell and Goode were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 81, noes 83.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. It is not my purpose
to trespass long upon the attention of this House;
but, sir, I have sat here a patient member of this
House since the 4th day of December, listening
to discussions of propositions of various kinds,
none of which should command more profound
respect than the one now under consideration.
And I have been surprised, sir, when believing
that two thirds, if not four fifths, of the American
people desire the construction of a railroad to the
Pacific ocean, that there has been any gentleman
disposed to proscribe a portion of this House, to
prevent legitimate debate upon so important a
measure. The friends of this bill, Mr. Speaker,
have afforded the enemies of it an opportunity to
destroy the prospect of a railroad from California
to the eastern States, by moving, yesterday, or
the day before, to strike out the enactinc clause of
the bill. As a friend of the great Pacific project
I voted against that motion. I desire, if practi-
cable, to vote for one great Pacific railroad to con-
nect the eastern States of this Union with the
great State of California, on our Pacific sea-coast.
1 believe the demands of commerce, the intelli-
gence of the country, and two thiids ef the pop-
ulation of the country, require the construction of
that great work, on a plan properly matured by
'he Congress of the United States. And now,
sir, what do we behold here ? After having de-
voted one week to the discussion of this great
measure, in which only two or three speeches
have been made directly upon the subject, gentle-
men refuse us the poor privilege of a five minutes
debate, in which to express our opinions upon
this great national measure. How have they done •
this? By moving to strike out the enacting clause
of the bill, which motion amounts to closing de-
bate under the five-minute rule, and thereby nul-
lifying the rule, which accords to members the
right of speaking five minutes upon the question.
Tnere are scores of gentlemen upon this floor
whose constituents would like to hear them upon
it, and who desire to speak upon it. I have' sat
here a long while struggling to getan.ppportumty
to express the opinions I entertain, until, at last,
I have succeeded in getting the floor, and having
it, I shall endeavor to trespass upon the attention
of the House but a short time.
Mr. Speaker, in my humble judgment this
matter is a subject of so much national importance"
that this House ought, without a moment's delay,
in the present, confused state of the subject, to
recommit it to the select committee, already raised
upon the subject, or to a new select committee,
at whose head—and I say it without intending to
cast any reflection upon other gentlemen of the
House—the very eminent, distinguished, and
learned gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benton]
should be placed, that he may bring to bear upon
the question all his enlarged experience and exten-
sive knowledge, and let that committee report to
this House upon the subjcct of the great national
central Pacific railroad. What is the condition of
