334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
the House at this present moment? You have a
question before you of great national importance,
and yet I am unable to get a copy of the bill. The
substitute proposed is a Senate measure, and we
have no copy of that or the House bill. I am
called upon now to vote for an amendment offered
by th'e gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Davis,] a
roost reasonable amendment, as it appears to me,
so far as I can ascertain what it is; but I have no
copy of the bill, and cannot know exactly what
its effect is. We are called uporl to pass finally
upon this great question, without even having the
bill printed, in order that we may inspect it, and
ascertain its provisions. It is ail wrong. I am a
friend to the Pacific railroad, without reference to
the p irticular ro&te; but, in my humble judgment,
the wants of the country demand but one great
road to the Pacific.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to correct the
gentleman.
Mr. TAYLOR. I cannot yield to the gentle-
man at present.
I do not think, Mr. Speaker, that the necpssi-
ties of the country require the construction of
three railroads such as is proposed in the substi-
tute of the honorable gentleman from Louisiana,
[Mr. Dunbar.] That substitute provides for
three railways and three telegiaph lines to the
Pacific, and a grant of the alternate sections of the
public land wuhin twelve miles on either side of
each, making, in point of fact, a grant of the altern-
ate sections of the public land within seventy-
two miles along the line of these works to run
through the Territories of the United States, lying
between this and the Pacific sea-board, I may be
wrong in this, but I am not, for one, prepared,
without examination by a select committee, of the
various documents and maps submitted to us by
the proper authorities, and their report thereon, to
vote a grant of the alternate sections of the public
land within seventy-two miles of this gieat work.
I am not prepared to vote for three separate lines
of telegraph to the Pacific. I do not think that
the country requires them; but I do think that the
country require"? one great national highway to
the Pacific oceun. And for one, Mr. Speaker, 1
now stand ready to give my vote for a road across
the continent, fixing the termini at St. Louis, or
Kansas, in Kanuas Territory, on the western
border of Missouri, and atSui Francisco. And
I shall vote to grant, as I had the honor and
pleasure Jo do, to such company as may be incor-
porated by the Congress of the United .States, or
by the Te ntories within whose limits the lands
lie, or in any other way which may be deemed
best, the alternate sections of the public land within
six miles on each side of the road—a grant similar
to that made a few years ago to the States of Illi-
nois, Alabama, and Mississippi.
Sir, on the 17th of September, ]Pf>0, this House
voted a grant of land to Alabama, Mississippi,
and Illinois, and thus did Congie^s do itself great
honor; for it enabled those State.* to construct one
of the greatest national works ever undertaken in
this country. That work has, in a great measure,
been completed within four or five yeais. Look
at the great State of Illinois, with her seven or
eight hundred miles of railway. The construc-
tion of that road brought the public lands imme-
diately into the market, and the .United States
did not lose a single dollar by the grant. On
the contrary, besides losing nothing in the raising
of the alternate sections to double the usual price,
the Government had the vast highway from Chi-
cago to Mobile, and passing through fU*e States
of the Union, put in rapid construction. It lias
now nearly arrived at completion. It is curious
to analyze the vote on that occasion. I have it
before me. The bill passed one hundred and one
to seventy-five. We heard no constitutional scru-
ples then from any gentleman of the Democratic
party about granting alternate sections of the pub-
lic land for so important a national purpose. I
find that the members from Texas, (Messrs.
Kaufman and Howard,) than whom there were
riot more talented gentlemen in this House, voted
in favor of the measure, with the gentlemarUYom
South Carolina, [Mr. Oaa,] the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. ST£riJE\Ts,j and eminent gentlemen
of the Democratic party. They voted, side by
side, with Mr. K;ngt of New York, and other
intelligent Whigs, who were capable of taking an
enlarged view of the national question, and with
aU respect to thoae who differed from them, who
brought honor upon themselves and credit to the
country for voting so large a grant of land.
Mr. Speaker, it was with a view to strengthen
the bonds of this Union, as much as to aid the
great State of Illinois, and make rapid sale of our
waste and unappropriated public lands, that,. I
voted for that great national measure. The States
of Alabama, Mississippi, Tennessee, Kentucky,
and Illinois, which intervened between the Gulf
of Mexico and the lake, have thereby been ce-
mented and bound together by the National Le-
gislature of the country, of which they all form
component parts. Shakspeare well says, as I
am reminded by the presence of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Hughes:]
"The friends thou ha-?t, and their adoption tried,
Grapple ihem to thy s>o«l with hooks* of steel."
I would bind the States together with indisso-
luble ties of interest, as well as by consanguinity
and aifection.
And, with the same high national vtew, 1 had
the honor to vote, a few years ago, for large
grants of land to the State of Missouri, for a road
leading from St. Louis southwest, and from St.
Joseph to Hannibal. I should have preferred one,
a single route, from St. Louis west, for this great
object, but, to conciliate my Democratic friends,
and to conciliate local interests, 1 gave up a little
of my own opinion, and voted generously for
those two great grants of land to the State of Mis-
souri; and thus three hundred and fifty miles of
this great national Pacific, highway are now being
built. I rejoice that 1 gave these votes.
But what have we now before us? "Why, sir,
we have before us a subject of the greatest possible
national Importance. We have a State on the
Pacific which is a miracle to ourselves; a State
which has grown up, in five or six years, to be one
of the most important m the Confederacy, and now
contains within its limits the third city m point of
commerce. We have some fifteen hundred miles of
Pacific H  a-coast; we have, with that coast, a vast
deal of land, and a far greater extent of water com-
munication. The tide of emigration steadily flows
west; and the organization of the Territories of
Kansas and Nebraska has invited the adventur-
ous, the spirited, the very elite of our people to
emigrate to these new places of abode. Every day
we have indications of the importance of connect-
ing the Pacific with our Atlantic coast by railway.
Let the inquiry be as to the beat route and mode
of construction, and which will lead to the least
expense; but what we do, let us do quickly.
What is the best way for its construction ? In
my judgment, we ought to refer the whole matter
to a special committee of thirteen of the most in-
telligent gentlemen upon the floor, of those best
conversant with the northern, the southern, and
the centra! proposed routes. Let that committee
take the matter fully into consideration, and report
a plan. Such a plan as they might adopt 1 believe
would pass Congress at this session.
1 have some other reasons against the building
of three roads. In my opinion, there is something
of sectionalism in that project, i say nothing of the
local teehng of gentlemen; it is natural; but I sub-
mit, whether one great national highway, speedily
made, would not tend greatly to cement and
strengthen the bonds of this Union, and hold us
in fraternal concord? Sir, we want to make this
great link in this great chain of railroad. There
aie now many railroads extending from New
^ ork, Philadelphia, and Baltimore westward,and
there are mads extending from St. Louis to the
western border of the State of Missouri now
almost completed. Here you have thousands of
miles of railroad already made m the States; and
a great connecting link through the Territories of
the United States is what this bill provides for.
We have but to aid in establishing a road to the
borders of the State of California, and I believe
that State will construct one through the State, from
the eastern border to the Pacific,herself, though I
rejnfce to believe that Congress will render her
prompt and efficient aid in accomplishing that
object.
Sir, I listened, the other day, with great pleas-
ure to theableand elaborate remarks of the distin-
guished gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,]
upon this subject. 1 think the country is greatly
indebted to him for the addresses which he has
recently delivered in the large cities throughout
the country, as well as for his able and eloquent
speech the other day in this House. His knowl-
edge of the country for the last forty years, his
study of its physical geography, his large and
comprehensive views of this subject, as a great
national question, are well known to the people
of the United States, and commend his plan for
the accomplishmentofthis great object eminently,
in my view, to their judgment; and, sir, the plan
which he proposes in this House is, in my view,
with some modifications, eminently entitled to our
regard. I differ from him in saying that Congress
should only give the right of way through the
public lands in the Territories of the United States
to a company, for the purpose of building a road,
when they have given so much of the public lands
in the States of Illinois and Missouri to aid m the
constiuction of railroads in those States.
Sir, I have no constitutional scruples in refer-
ence to donating the public lands to aid in the
construction of railroads. I would, to-day, vote
to grant alternate sections to the extent of six miles,
or twelve miles, on each side of this railroad, to
aid in its construction. But, sir, 1 do not think
the country is ready for the construction of three
roads to the Pacific, and I think that opinion will
suggest itself to the people of the country. But
I think the country is ready for one road; and that
road should commence somewhere on the western
border of Missouri, and continue to the State of
California, as near the route now pursued by emi-
grants to that State as practicable. But it seems
lo me that the best plan we can adopt, for the
present, is to refer this whole subject to a commit-
tee of thirteen, to be appointed by the Speaker.
Let that committee take the subject under consid-
eration, and leport as early as possible; and, I
believe, we can carry the measure through Con-
gress during its present session.
Mr. Speaker, I have spoken these words upon
the impulse of the moment, because I thought the
course pursued by the gentleman from California
and his friends, in moving to strike out the enact-
ing clause of the bill in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and in prohib-
iting debate upon the subject, was calculated to
alienate the friends of the measure, on this side of
the House, from this great national highway,
which I, for one, as an humble member of this
body, feel the strongest interest. Before taking
my seat, I desire to inquire of the Speaker if a
motion to refer this bill to a committee of thirteen
would be in order?
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. TAYLOR. I then move to refer the bill
and amendments to a committee of thirteen, to be
appointed by the Speaker, without instructions,
agd,upon that motion, I demand the previous
question
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man from Ohio to withdraw the demand for the
| previous question.
| [Cries of " No!" "No!"]
; Mr. BAYLY. Well, sir, I desire to know if
j nobody is to be heard upon this subject but the
j friends of the bill ?
| Mr. TAYLOR. I have no wish to stifle debate
upon this or any other question. I will withdraw
the demand for the previous question, if the gen-
tleman from Virginia wishes it.
Mr. BAYLY then obtained the floor.
Mr. PHELPS, I ask the gentleman "from
Virginia to give way for a moment to enable me
to appeal to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Dams,] to modify the amendment which is now
pending.
Mr. BAYLY. I willyieidto thegentleman for
that purpose.
Mr. PHELPS. Theamendment now pending,
offered by the gentleman from Indiana, I believe,
makes the road commence somewhere on the west-
ern border of Missouri or Iowa, between the paral-
lels of ST^and 43^ north latitude. Now,sir, there
is a road in the State of Missouri already m the
processs of construction, for which the grant of land
from the Government, to which thegentleman from
Omo just now alluded, was made, terminating on
u Wo«I,ern k°r^erof the State, at some point near
tne 37th parallel of latitude. Now, I desire
thegentleman to extend the limit for the com-
mencement of the road IP south, and make it30°
instead of 37o. I W3j] say 31P 30', but J do not
like to fix that point, and I therefore asdc the gen-
tleman to make his southern limit at 36° instead
of 373.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I have already en-
