1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
iarged the limits which I at first proposed, but, to
gratify my friend from Missouri, i will still fur-
ther modify it and accept his proposition.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
the gentleman from Indiana can only modify his
proposition by unanimous consent, inasmuch as
a proposition to recommit is pending.
Mr. PECK. I object.
Mr. PHELPS, in the present stage of pro-
ceedings the gentleman from Indiana would have
the right to withdraw his amendment; and I think
he has equally the right to modify it.
The SPEAKER. The practice of the *House
has been both ways, and the Chair will rule that
4he gentleman may modify his amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 then modify it as suggested by
the gentleman from Missouri, by substituting 36°
for 37°.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. With the permission
of the gentleman from Virginia, who holds the
floor, I wish to suggest to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Taylor,} that he make his committee
to consist of thirty-one members instead of thir-
teen.
Mr. TAYLOR. I prefer the number of thirteen.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN", i will then move to
amend by substituting the number of thirty-one
for thirteen.
Mi. BENTON. I am anxious, Mr. Speaker,
to make a few remarks to the House on certain"
points which I had not referred to in my speech,
but members need hardly go to the trouble of
changing their seats for the sake of hearing what
I say, as I intend to be very brief.
The pending motion, is I believe, to refer the
bill to a select committee. That is the motion
which I made yesterday. J inserted thirteen as
the number of which such committee was to con-
sist, but I am very willing to change the relative
position of the figures—to put the three first, and
let the committee consist of thirty-one. I only
wish, Mr. Speaker, to say a few words, which I
hope will apply to the points which I think it is
material the committee should understand. The
bills that we have before us—substitutes and all—
propose, I think, to give its privilege to a com-
pany of individuals, not incorporated. That, I
believe, is the case. Now, 1 hold it to be impos-
sible that any work of this magnitude can be
carried on by a company without the benefit of a
corporate name and seal with which they can con-
tinue their business and take whatever steps are
necessary to conduct it. I hold if to be impossible
for a number of persons to carry on business with
all the changes of partnership constantly occurring
from deaths, sales of interests, and changes of
partners, without a corporate authority. And
that, sir, is a vital objection to all the bills which
are before us, substitutes and all.
Passing now from that ro objections which
occur immediately in the substitute—the first
road proposed isa southern road. It gives a point
of commencement which is tangible. We know
where it is—the western frontier of Texas! So
far, so good ! Weknow where the point of com-
mencement is. But, then, where is to be the other
end of the road ? Every gentleman whom I have
heard speak on the subject seems to have the im-
pression that the road is to run to the Pacific
ocean. I do not read any such provision in the
substitute. As I rend it, the road is to go to the
waters of the Pacific ocean—to the navigable
waters of the Pacific ocean—without even stating
whether it is to be to the south or to the north—
without even confining the terminus to the Terri-
tory of the United States. And, sir, we cannot
read the proceedings of the Southern Convention
which assembled at Charleston last spring, and at
New Orleans this winter, without being impressed
with the fact that there is a numerous and respect-
able portion of the southern people desirous of
having the terminus of this southern line on the |
Gulf of California. No person on this floor, 1 am 1
sure, contemplates that idea, but the bill is open J
to that interpretation, and being open to it, and !
it being a point which is advocated by a numer- ;
ous and respectable body of men in the south, I '
think that if we intend to confine the road to the j
Territory of the United States, we should be
explicit; and if we intend that it shall extend to i
the Pacific ocean, we ought to be explicit. These i
are my opinions. i
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the gentleman from j
Missouri permit me to make a remark ? >
Mr. BENTON. Oh, no. I have but little time
to occupy, and I must occupy it myself, The
gentleman from California has his own time to
make any remarks he desires, and I never inter-
rupt him or anybody.
Mr. Speaker, this southern road is to go to the
navigable waters of the Pacific ocean. What in-
terpretation may not be given *o that provision ?
It is not a water where sails may be used, but it is
a water which can be traversed by batteaux with
the help of poles and portages. That is the con-
struction which the law gives to the term " navi-
gable." Then, according to this construction and
to this provision, the terminus of the road may be
located on the Gila, or the Colorado. It may stop
short of the Pacific ocean; or it may go to New
San Diego—not San Francisco. I am against this
uncertainty. 11is not necessary for me to suggest
that the road will be constructed out of the Terri-
tories of the United States. It is but necessary
to make the suggestion, to satisfy you, sir, and
this House that such a thing can be done; and it
is the business of legislation to guard against
such a thing. We want a fixed point at both
ends; we want the road to go towards San Fran-
cisco, and connect with a road going there.
So much for that ground. While it is required
to go tothe navigable waters of the Pacifitfocean,
is it required to connect with any river, rail, or
post road, or telegraphic communication which
goes to the Pacific? it is required not to connect
with anything upon God's earth, except to land
in a wilderness. So much for the southern road.
What does the northern road say, for every gen-
tleman who has spoken here has assumed that
there are to be three roads to the Pacific? It says
that it goes to the navigable waters of the Pacific,
waters either in the territory of Washington or
Oregon. Wheie do you find those navigable
waters? You may find them in the very gorges of
the Rocky mountains, as may be proved by the
batteauxofrhe I ludaon Hay Company, which have
been traversing the streams there for forty years.
Then, this northern road is to land there, in the
gorges of the RocKy mountains, unconnected with
anything by which we can get to the Pacificocean
at any point.
In the name of all that is rational, what object
can the United States have in making roads which
are to tei minute in a wilderness ? There are seventy
two miles wide of alternate sections ofland to be
given for the construction of these three roads.
Great God ! is not that enough to make us pause
and consider? Can v/eswallow seventy-two miles
of public lands without taking time to consider
its enormity ? Can we give land enough to make
two great States, without knowing where the
roads are to go? The friends of the central road
have been cut off from beginning to end by mo-
tions, the effect of which has been to stop the
discussion which its friends were anxious to have,
and to cut off all motions in its favor. The pre-
vious question was demanded, but not sustained,
and, having escaped that danger, we have now got
into a place where I do feel that the House should
take time to consider what they will gK for fifty
millions of acres of public lands, before they give
it away, with such exclusive privilege of carrying
the mails of the United States, and having all its
transportation. As far as the central road is con-
cerned, some concession has been granted to us
by the little struggle which we have been enabled
to make, f say that the central road alone, upon
which people will travel, and follow their own
business, and go their own way—upon which
fifty thousand people, grandfathers, fathers, and
children, go every year with their flocks and herds,
across the country—upon which all the emigration
to the Pacific winds its way—I say this road has
been outlawed by every UU presented to this
House, not only not provided for but provided
against, until we have now forced a place for it in
this bill. We have fought it into recognition.
The bill is no longer to make one road south of
the 37th° of latitude and one north ofthe37tho
of latitude, as it was when first brought in. It is
no longer an outlawry of the central route; that
route now has a chance, and if it was a fair one
it might do; but it is not fair. Secret bidding,
and three gentlemen to decide, two of them care-
fully selected from the South, I fear for the result;
for I know a good deal about the sealed bids, be-
cause I was indoctrinated into their nature forty-
three years ago by an old stage contractor, who
told me all about the tricks, legerdemain, and
rreans which were used, pre&ents inclusive, to
find out each others bids, and to underbid fraudu-
lently, or collude with oneanother; and how it was
that in so many cases the real biddings were ren-
dered inoperative by men who got hold of threads
to secret intelligence, and got contracts or property
to gamble upon in the stock exchange, it is the
case with all secret biddings—all the sealed bids—
that men bid, and somebody sees through the
seals, thick as they may be. If there was to be
fair bidding, done openly^ capital against capital,
I believe the central route would stand a very
fair chance; but with-secret bidding, I say fare-
well to a central route. Men of straw, who have
nothing to lose, and all to gam, can underbid real
capitalists; and they can always find out what the
secret bids are. I will suppose a case, and it is only
a case of suppositi<jn, that persons may wish to get
up a stock company, to go upon the gambling-
exchange of London and New York: what
better stock can they have for that purpose than
seventy-two miles wide of alternate sections of
lands, or even forty-eight miles, if we have but two
'roads, or even twenty-four miles, if we have but
one road? with an act of Congress, giving the
exclusive right to carry the mails, at $300 a
mile, which, multiplied by three, is $900 a mile,
and also have the exclusive right to fetch and
carry for the United States, the Government of
the United States being its customer ? What an
inducement for men of straw and cunning* with
much impudence and no money, to come in and
underbid capital, cost what it may, go with their
shares to London or New York, and sell them
there for what they will bring—everything they
get being clear gain. If this measure be com.
mitted to a .committee of thirty-one, or thirteen, to
report a plan to this House, not to force it upon
them for their adoption, but to lay it before them
for their consideration, it is my opinion that the
public interests will lose nothing at all, by consid-
ering this subject thoroughly, and in all its stages.
I repeat: we are deceived with these three roads
to the Pacific. Two of them are to stop at its
navigable waters, and where they have no con-
nection except with these navigable waters. Are
they to stop there; and every one paddle his own
canoe after that ? Is the magnetic telegraph also
to make junction with these navigable waters t
The central route will have junctions, and proper
ones, at both ends. At the Missouri line it will be
in communication with the Missouri State rail-
road—with the steamboat navigation of the whole
valley of the Mississippi—with the magnetic tel-
egiaph communicating from that point with the
whole Union, and with Canada and Nova Scotia
besides—and also with stage lines and all the com-
mon count!y. At the other end it is to be the
same thing. It will go into the valley of San Joa-
quin, where it will meet steamboat navigation—
telegraphic lines now working—a railroad now in
progress—stage roads and common roaxls—and
will land people where they want to go, that is
to say, to the rich and golden part of California.
It is the only route in the bill that professes to go
to San Francisco. By my plan v. would go to
the California line, in the direction to San Fran-
cisco, but not into the Stale, for my principles do
not admit that. State rights are something, be-
sides a name, with me. Are the other two roads
to go into the State of California? Then they
come under the ban of the river and harbor vela
message. Are they to be smuggled in to avoid a
veto? Why indefinite in their western termina-
tions? My belief is that the southern route is to
go to New San Diego,to supesssdeSan Francisco;
and that is an object which cannot beavowed, and
therefore, the bill is made indefinite to permit to
be done what cannot be avowed, I hope the bill
will be committed, and give us a chance for con-
sideration.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Rf.vton] cannot have read
very attentively the bill which is n^w before the
House for their consideration. He says that,
under the provisions of this bill, the central route
will not stand any fair chance of success; that if
the bids were to be open, and men of capital were
not subject to be met by men of straw, the central
route would stand a good chance, and be as hkely
to obtain the contract as any other route. If the
gentleman had read the bill carefully, he would
have seen, by the 'amendments which have been
