THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, JANUARY 22, 1855.
New Series No. -22.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I was cut down to five
minutes, arid I shall not withdraw it for anybody.
[Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported, as,correctly enrolled, bilts of the
, following titles; which received the Speaker's sig-
nature:
An act for the relief of Sylvester Humphrey
and the heirs of Alexander Humphrey, deceased;
and
An act for the relief of the children and heirs of
Major General Baron de Kalb.]
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the 'House re-
fused to adjourn.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand tellers on second-
irigthe demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Hamilton were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes thirty-seven, noes not counted.
So the previous question aid not receive a sec-
ond.
Mr. McDOUGALL obtained the floor.
Mr. McMULLIN also rose, and said: I rose
for the purpose of addressing the House, but ts
the Chair has awarded the floor to the gentleman
from California, I desire to inquire whether that
gentleman has not once addressed the House upon
this question ? Jf he has, I claim the floor under
the rules of the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Califor-
nia addressed the House upon the proposition
submitted by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Davis,] but not upon the motion to commit, which
is now pending.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I might understand the
motion made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Taylor,] to commit this bill to a select committee
of thirteen, and the same motion, which was re-
ported by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Benton,] as a sort of equivocal personal compli-
ment to the chairman of the select committee,
which had this subject in charge. I say 1 might
take it as a compliment to myself, and 1 will con-
sider it as such, for the purpose of returning thanks
for the very handsome complimentthus paid. But,
sir, further than that, I do not choose to regard
it in that light. It is not the object of the gen-
tleman and his friends, in moving to refer this bill
to a new select committee, to secure from that
committee a better bill, but it is their object, as ex-
pressed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Camp-
bell,] to dispose of the bill for the present; in
other words, to bury it, for this Congress, in the
tomb of the Capulets.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Will the gentleman
yield to me for explanation ?
Mr. McDOUGaLL. No, sir. 1 do not yield
to the gentleman.
Mr. TAYLOR. If the gentleman alludes to
me, I disclaim any such intention in the motion
I made.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not give way to
the gentleman; but sir, I will prove that the inten-
tion, or, at least, the effect of the motion, if carried,
will be to bury this proposition for the present
session of C ongress. And why ? Sir, we have this
subject now regularly before the House. We have
the results of an elaborate investigation, not only
of the House committee, but of the committee
raised upon the subject in the Senate. And I
state here, in my place, that the House is not only
in possession of the particular measures proposed
by the committees in the two Houses, but they are
also, in possession of the various measures which
have been prepared by various gentlemen upon
this floor, which may be brought forward, and
voted upon by the House. Ifthegentleman from
Ohio, has a plan, let him bring it forward, and
test it earnestly in the House. If the gentleman
from Missouri has a plan, let him bring it for-
ward, and test it earnestly by a vote of the House,
now, while the matter is under consideration. Does
the honorable gentleman want time to mature his
opinions? Has not his forty years' experience
given him time to mature his opinions ? He surely
cannot wish the matter recommitted for that. His
plan is a! simjile, plain proposition, to give the right
of way to some private company to construct the
road. There is no need of a committee of thirteen,
or a committee of thirty-one, to consider that.
Sir, we are a committee of more than two hundred,
and can consider' it instantly.
If the gentleman from Ohio has a plan which
he desires to have tested by a vote of the House,
let him bring it forward. HeK&shad time enough
to prepare it, and he has the ability. There is no
need of a committee tf thirteen; let him bring it
forward to this committee of two hundred and
thirty-four members, and allow it to be tested.
But, s;r, this is nbt what gentlemen want in
seeking to recommit this bill. The matter has.
been before the House since early in the last ses-
sion of Congress, and gentlemen cannot complain
that they have not had time enough. No, sir;
these gentlemen want it to make future political
capital out of. They want to get to Congress,
they want to get to the Senate, or they want to
accomplish some other- object upon this capital.
It is thus that this great work has been sacrificed
for years. They want it for the next senatorial
fight, or for the next congressional fight; and if
they can keep it along for two years, it will make
excellent capital,for a presidential fight. It will
furnish excellent stock for future campaigns.
But, sir, that these gentlemen do not mean to
do anything definite in reference to this great
measure during the present session, is evident
from t!*every nature of the case. Suppose another
select committee is raised, they will require *ime
to mature a bill. After they have matured it, I
ask when will they get the consent of the House
to report it? They must wait until all the regular
standing committees have been called. The Com-
mittee on Public Lands are now being called, and
have been before the House since nearly the very
commencement of the session. When they are
through, the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads will occupy a week or two, if they
are reached, which I doubt whether they will be
in the course of the present session. Now, sir,
any gentleman upon this floor, who knows the
condition of the business of the House, must
know that if this committee should be raised
without the unanimous consent of the House, no
report could possibly be made. And if it could
be made, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, it could never
be reached in the regular order of business. I
say, therefore, that the sole purpose in the course
of the gentleman from Ohio, ana his friends, is to
reserve this as capital for some political fight in
the future.
Does the gentleman from Ohio say he has not
fully matured his views, and that he is not pre-
pared to bring them before the House in a definite
form? Sir, why is he not prepared? Does he
not understand the subject? Fie professes to
understand it. And that he has the ability to put
his views in shape and bring them before the
House, no gentleman can doubt. And if he does
bring his proposition forward, and submit it to the
House, is there any danger that it will not be
understood by the House? No, sir. The sub-
ject is as well understood now as it will be at any
future period.
Now, sir, I do not claim that the select com-
mittee appointed during the last session of Con-
gress, and who have had this matter under con-
sideration ever since, are altogether as compe-
tent as the gentleman from Ohio, and the twelve
or thirteen gentlemen who would be associated
with him. But it seems to me that, as that com-
mittee reported to the Housein February last, and
laid their report upon the table of every member
in the form of a bill, he has had time to mature
his views in reference to it, and that, if he de-
signed to make opposition to it, he should have
done it in some reasonable time, and not have
waited until the very heel of the session.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. The gentleman speaks
of me as the Ghairman of the committee I have
proposed to,raise. Sir, I beg to state that 1 have
no-desire (o be appointed on such a committee at
all. I am already a member of three committees
of the House, and have more business in connec-
tion with them than I can discharge.
Now, sir, I beg to assure the House that I did
not intend to say anything derogatory to the hon-
orable gentleman from California. On the con-
trary, I admire the zeal with which he has prose-
cuted the interests of the State which he so ably
represents. But, sir, as to the time we have had
to consider this subject, the gentleman must recol-
lect that we have had about a bushel of documents
presented before us within the last three days,
comprising the results of the surveys in the two
or three expeditions which have been sent out. It
is impossible that all these documents can have
been examined by the members of the House.
Mr. McDOUGALL.- Mr. Speaker, I do not
take it as any matter of Offense. It would not
disturb me at all if the House should think proper
to refer the subject to a different select committee.
But I insist upon it, that no member friendly to
this measure, or who expected legislation on the
subject during this Congress, would make such a
proposition. The gentleman from Ohio is an old
member of this House, and understands its rules
for conducting business, and he must know that,
if this subject is referred to a committee such as
he proposes, there is an end of the matter for this
Congress.
Now, sir, I would respond to the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] but his points are
so absolutely and totally pointless that they require
no response. He says that these contracts are
not to be let to a corporation, but to persons, and,
therefore, that an association of individuals short
of a corporation could undertake the enterprise.
Now, sir, the bill provides as well for letting th®
contracts to corporations as to individuals. A cor-
poration may become a party, and " party" is the
term used.
But, then, the gentleman says that the western
terminus of the southern road is on the navigable
waters of the Pacific. \$liy was not the gentle-
man ingenious enough to say, on the navigable
waters of the Pacific in the State of California ?
Why did he not state that the bill says specifically
that it shall be in the State of California?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Read the language of
the bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Here it is: " pursue the
most eligible route to the navigable waters of the
Pacific in the State of California." What ground,
then, is there for saying that the terminus may
be on the navigable waters of the Pacific in the
Territories of Oregon and Washington? The
gentleman says that navigation commences on the
rivers just west of the Rocky mountains. He has
ascertained that as a matter of history, and as he
is a very accurate man, 1 have no doubt that he is
correct. Well, suppose the bill gives power to
terminate the road there, does the gentleman sup-
pose that that amounts to a practical objection ?
Does he suppose that any one is going to term-
inate a railroad there? Of course not. These
captious objections are only designed to embar-
rass the friends of the railroad measure. When
sincere men undertake to discourse about a thing
in which they take a real interest, they talk sin-
cerely. I undertake to say that the gentleman was
not sincere in any of his exceptions to the bill.
Sir, I care nothing now about any rivalry be-
tween committees. I take this motion as no
reflection on the present select committee, but I
protest against any friend of legislation on this
subject, during the present Congress, sustaining
this motion, because it is bound to defeat all action
this Congress. I demand the previous question.
The previous question received a second, arid
the main question was ordered to be put, being
first upon Mr. Chamberlain's motion to amend
the motion of Mr. Taylor, of Ohio, by providing
that the special committee should be composed of
thirty-one members instead of thirteen.
The amendment was rejected.
The question recurred upon Mr. Taylor's mo-
