1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
apply equally to the pending amendments, and
then to the engrossment of the bill, if the House
«ees fit to adopt them.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to recommit the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and upon that motion I ask the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio is not in order, as the previous
question is operating upon the bill, which will
bring the House to vote, firstupon theamendment
of the gentleman from Indiana, and then upon the
engrossment of the bill.
Mr. WARREN. The vote now to betaken is
upon the amendment of the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Davis.] I now desire to ask the con-
sent of the House to state the character of the
amendm«nt that I will offer to that amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object..
Mr. WARREN, lam aware that it was not
in order, except by the unanimous consent of the
House, to offer such an amendment as 1 propose,
but 1 indulged the hope that the House would
grant me consent to offer it.
The amendment offered by the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Davis] was then read, as follows:
Strike out from the substitute offered by the gentleman
from California all trorn line tenth to the word " railroad,"
in line twenty-third, inclusive, as follows :
uOne road and telfgraph, to commence on the western
border of the State of Texas, and to pursue the most eligi-
ble route to the navigable waters of the Pacific in the State
of California; which line shall be known as the Southern
Pacific railroad.
" One road and telegraph, to commence on western
border of the State of Missouri or Iowa, and to puisue the
mostpligible route to the Bay of San Pr<iuoi«?co; which
line shall be known as the Contra! Pacific railroad,
" And « ne road and telegraph, to commence on the west-
ern border of the State of Wisconsin, ni the Territory of
Minnesota, and pursue the most eligible route to the navi-
gable waters of the Pacific in Oregon or Washington Ter-
ritories ; which line shall be known as the No  thern Pacific
railroad."
And insert the following:
One grand trunk centr.il railroad and telegraphic line
from some point on the western boundary ot the State of
Missomi <>r Jowa, between 35° ami 43° of norih latitude,
on the nearest and most eligible route to the city of San
Francisco,on the Pacific ocean; and also two branch rail-
roads and telegraphic lines, one diveiging ftom the said
central road at home eligible poimcast or the Rocky mount-
ains, between the U3d and JO.llti parallel of west longi-
tude, and running through the Territories of the United
Slates, in ihe direction of Memphis?, in the State of Tonnes
see ; and one diverging liom the t?aul central load at the
poini last aforesaid, and running through the Termoiies ot
the United States to ihe mos t eligible point on the western
shore of Lake Superior.
Mr. PEREC1NS, of Louisiana. I ask theunan-
imous consent of the House simply to have read
an amendment, which I send to the Clerk's desk,
and which the Louisiana delegation desire to have
accepted by the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 object.
Mr. PERKINS. I only ask that it may be
read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is not in the
power of the gentleman from Indiana to modify
his amendment now, is it?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. HUNT. But the amendment may be read
by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is very
short, and will be reported.
It was read, as follows:
Strike out al! after the word "commence," in the tenth
line, to the word " T< \as,"m the eleventh line,and insert
in Ijhu thereof the words, ^on the wer-tern border of the
State of Texas, Aikansas-, Missouri, Iowa, or Wisconsin."
Strike out all a/ter thevvoid California," in the thir-
teenth line, to the word "railroad," in the twenty-third
line.
The following is the portion of the bill to which
the amendment refers, with the parts proposed to
be stricken out included m brackets, and the words
to be inserted, in italics:
One road and telegraph, to commence [on the western
boider of the State ofTexasJ on the western border of
the State of Texas, Jlikaitsas, Missouri, loiva, or Wiscon-
sin, and to pursue the most eligible roure to the navigable
waters of the Pacific, in the State of California; [which
lin<' shall he known as the Southern Pacific railroad.
One roid and telegraph, to commence on the wstern
bord( r of the States ofMnsourior Iowa, and to pursue the
most eligible route to the Ray of San Francisco; which line
shall be known a^ the Central Pacific railroad.
And one road arid telegiaph, to commence on the west- !
em border of the Stale of Wisconsin, in the Territory of
Minnesota, and pursue the most eligible route to thn navi-
gable waters ot the Pacific in Oregon or Washington Ter-
ritories, which hoe shall be known as the Northern Pacific
raiiroad.j
The SPEAKER.
The gentleman from Louisi-
ana asks the gentleman from Indiana, by the
unanimous consent of the House, to amend his
proposition in accordance with the paper read at
the Clerk's desk. Is it objected to?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, I object.
Mr. PECK. Upon the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, I ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis
Allen, Ball, Belcher, Bennett, Bridges, Bugg. Campbell,
Carpenter, Caruth'ers, Chandler, Chase, Cook, Corvvin,
Crocker, Curtis, Cutting, John G. Davis, Dick, Dickinson,
Disney, Dunham, Eddy, Ellison, English, Etheridge, Ever-
hart, Faulkner, Fenton, Flagler,Gamble, Giddwg^Goode,
Goodwin, Grow, Hamilton, Aaron Ilarlan. Harrison, Halt-
ing*, Haven, Hendricks, llenn, Ilibbard, Ilill, Daniel T.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kerr, Kidwell, Kutrcdge, Knox,
Kurtz, Lamb, Letcher, Lilly, Lindley, McCulloch, Mc-
Mulhn, Maurice, May, Middle,swarth, Smith Miller, Mill-
son, Morgan, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Peck, Pennington, Bishop Per-
kins, Phelps, Powell, PraU, Pringle, Puryear. Reese, Rich,
ardson, David Ritchic, Thomas Ritchey, Robbins, Rogers-
Rowe, Russell, Sage, Sapp, Simmons, Richard 11. Stan-
ton, Straiton, Andrew Stuart, John J. Taylor, John L.
Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Trout, Tweed, Vaneant,
Walsh,Tappan Weniworth, Wheeler, IlendrickB. Wngiu,
Yates, and Zollicoffer—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Appleton, Ashe, David J. Bailey,
Banks, l3arksdale, Barry, Bell, Benson, Benton, Bocock,
Boyce, Breckinridge, Bnstow, Brooks, Caskie, Chamber-
! lain,Chastain, Chris-man,Clark,Clmgman, Cobb, Colquitt,
Cox, Craige, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dunbar, Eastman,
Edgerton, Edmands., Edinundson, JohnM. KUioit, Farley,
Florence, Fuller, Goodrich. Green, Greenwood, Grey,
Wiley P. HarrJV, Hillyer, Houston, Hughes, Hunt, John-
son, George, W. Jones, Rulnud Jones, Latham, Lewis,
Lindsley, Macdonald, McDougall, McQueen, Macv, Mat-
tebon, Maxwell, Moiri&on, Noble, Oir, John Perkins,
Phillips, Ready, Rutlin, Sabin, Seward, Shannon, Shaw,
Shower, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, George W. Smyth,
Sollers, Frederick P. Stanton, Ilestor L. Stevens, Suaub,
David Stuart, Thuiston, Upham, Wade, Walbridge, Walk-
er, Walley, Wairen, Elhlm B. Washburne, Israel Wash
burn, Welts, John YVentworth, Westbtook, Witte, aud
Daniel B* Wright—91.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. LATHAM said: \ ask the unanimous
consent of the House to explain the reason of my
vote ?
Mr. WHEELER. 1 object.
Mr. LATHAM, I appeal to the gentleman to
permit me to state, in one moment, the reasons for
my vote. I feel deeper interest in thi$ measure
than any gentleman present, excepting my col-
league, and i am anxious to prevent any subse-
quent misconstruction of my motive in voting
upon the present question.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. LATHAM. Then call my name; I vote
no.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move to reconsider
the vote last taken, and to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table/
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Illinois. Yeas and
nays upon that.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope the gentleman
will not insist upon his motion.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw it for the present,
Mr. HAMILTON. Then 1 move to reconsider
the vote, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Upon that I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WENTWORTII. i wish to ask the Chair
a question in reference to a point of order. I do
it that members may have information by which
to govern their votes. If this motion is carried,
can we then go* back?
[Cries of " Order !" " Order !"]
Mr. WENTWORTH. Will not the passage
of this motion be tantamount to killing the whole
bill ?
[Cries of " Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. It seems to be objected to that
the Chair should give the explanation desired.
Being in the nature of debate, the Chair has no
right, nor has any other member, to give the in-
formation asked for.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 93; as follows:
YRAS—Messrs. Abercrombie. Willis Allen, Ball, Bel-
cher, Benneit, Benton, Bocock, Bridges, Bugg, Campbell,
Carpenter, Caruthers, Chandler, Chasft, Churlhwell, Cook,
Corvvin, Craige, Crocker, Curtis Cutting, John G. Davis,
Dick, Dickinson, Disney, Dunham, Edumndsoii, FJii-on,
} English, Etheridge, Everhart, Faulkner, Fenton, Flagler,
| Fuller, Gamble, Goode, Goodwin, Grow, Hamilton, Aaron
Ilarlan, Harrison, Hastings, Haven, Hendricks, Ilibbard,
Hill, Ingersoll, Daniel T. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kerr,
Kidwell, Kittredge, Knox, Kurtz, Lane, Letcher, Lewis,
Lmdtey, McCulloch, Macdonald, McMullen, McQueen,
Mace, Maurice, May, Meacham, Middleswarth, Millson,
Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oli-
ver, Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Peck, Pennington, Bishop
Perkins, Phelps, Powell, Pratt, Pringlc, Puryear, Thomas
Ritchey, Robbins, Rogers, Ruffin, Russell, Sage, Sapp,
Simmons, Sollers, Richard H. Stanton, Stratum, John J.
Taylor. John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Trout, Van-
sant, Wal*h, Tappan Weniworth, Wheeler, Witte, Hen-
dnck B. Wright, and Yates—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Appleton,
David J. Bailey, Banks, Barksdale, Barry, Bell, Benson,
Bliss, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bnstow, Brooks, Caskie,
Chamberlain, Chastain, Clmsman, Clark, Clingman, C' bb,
Colquitt, Cox, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Drum, Dunbar,
Eastman, Eddy, Edgerton, Edmands, John M. Elliott, Far-
ley, Florence, Giddmgs, Green, Greenwood, Grey, Wiley
P. Hairis, Henn, Ilillyer, Houston, Hughes-, Hunt, John-
son, Geoigc W. Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt, Lamb, La-
tham, Lindsley, McDougall, Macy, Matteson, Maxwell,
Smith Miller, Noble, Orr, John Perkins, Preston, Ready,
Richardson, Riddle, David Ritchie, Rowe, Sabin, Sewa<d,
Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith,
George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Ilestor L. Ste-
vens, Straub, Andrew Stuart, David Stuart, Thurston,
Tweed, Upham, Wade, Walbridge, Walker, Watley, War-
ren, Eihhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, John
Weniworth, Westbrook, Daniel B. Wright, and Zollicoffer
—93.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. McDOUGALL said: i change my vote,
and vote in the affirmative, for the purpose, in
case the proposition fail, to carry out the under-
standing of the friends of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The question is now upon
ordering the bill to be engrossed, and read a third
time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is not the question
upon the adoption of the substitute as amended ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs pardon. It
is upon the adoption of the substitute as amended,
by the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Davis."j
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to inquire of the
Chair whether it is now in order to make some
corrections in the balance of the bill, in order to
make it correspond to the amendment which has
been adopted ?
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order,
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. WHEELER. _I object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. There are some few
verbal amendments which ought to be made, but,
perhaps, they aftrimmaterial.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object to all amendments.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then I hope the friends
of the bill will vote for this measure.
- Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois, I call for
the yeas and nays upon the adoption of the
amendment, as amended.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KERR,, Will it be in order now to move
to lay the substitute, as amended, upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it will be.
Mr. KERR. Then I make that motion.
Mr. LATHAM. Yeas anil nays upon that
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. KERR. I have been earnestly requested
to withdraw my motion for the present, and I will
do so.
Mr. WALSH. I renew the motion to lay the
substitute, as amended, upon the table.
Mr. SAGE. Yeas and nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
upon the motion, resulted—yeas 79, nays 123; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Ashe, David J.
Bailey, Belcher, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridge4*,
Brooks., Oaskse, Chastain, Churchwell, Clingman, Cobb,
Oo'qmtt, Craige, Curtis, Dunbar, Eastman, Edmundson,
Fuller, Goode, Grow, Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, YVih-y P.
Harris, Halting:*, flavin, Ilibbard, IJi'lyf r, Houston, Hunt,
fngersofl, Daniel T. Jones, George YV. Jones, J. Clancy
Jones?, Keitt, Kerr, Kidwell, Kittrcdge, Kurtz, Letcher,
Lewis, Macdonald, McMullen, McQueen, Maxwell. May,
Muldleiwaith, Million, Morrison,Murray, Andrew Oliver,
Ori, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, Phillips, Powell, Pur-
year, llee*c, Roger?', Uuffin, Ru^eH, Seward, Hhaw,
Shower, Bingleton, William Smith, William II Smith,
Straiton. Trout, Vansant. Wade, Walsh, Wells, Wheeler,
Witte, and Ilendnck B. Wright—7D.
NAYS Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Apple-
ton, Ball, Banks, Barksdale, Barry, Bell, Bennett, Benson,
