340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
Benton, Bliss, Bristow, Bu?g, Campbell, Carpenter, Car-
ntbers, Chamberlain, Chandler, Chase, Chnsman, Clark,
Cook, Corwiny Cox, Crocker, Cutting, John G. Davis,
Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dick, Dickinson, Disney,'''4}nun,
Dunham, Eddy, Edgerton, Edmands, John M. Elliott, Elli-
son, English, Efheridge, Everhart, Farley, Flagler, Flor-
ence, Gamble, Giddmgs, Goodrich, Goodwin, Green,Green-
wood, Grey, Harrison, Hendricks, Henn, Hill, Hughes,
Johnson, Rolarid Jones, Knox," Lamb, Latham, Lilly,
Lindley, Lindsley, MeDougall, Mace, Macy, Matiesorij
Maurice, Meacham, Srailh Miller, Morgan, Nichols, No-
ble, Norton, Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Peck, John Perkins,
Phelps, Pratt, Preston, Pringie, Ready, Richardson, Rid-
dle, David< Ritchiej Robbins, Rowe, SaUin, Sage, Sapp,
Shannon, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, George W. Smyth,
Sollers, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Hestor
L  Stevens, Straub, Andrew Stuart, David Stuart, John J.
Taylor, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston,
Tweed, (Jpham, Walbridge, Walker, Walley, Warren,
Eliihu 13. Washburne, Israel Washburn, John Wentworth,
Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, Darnel B. Wright, Yates,
and ZoihcofFer—123.
So the House refused to lay the biU upon the
table.- i"
The question recurring upon the adoption of the
amendment as amended,
Mr. HAMILTON, said: I desire some informa-
tion, so as to understand how we are to vote upon
this question. If I understand it, theorigtnal prop-
osition, as reported by the Committee 
[Cries of "Order!" ,c Order!" all over the
Hail.]
The SPEAKER. The original bill was re-
ported by the committee of thirteen. A substitute
for this bill was offered by the gentleman from
California, [Mr. McDougall.] The House has
adopted an amendment to that substitute, and the
question is now upon adopting the substitute as
amended.
Mr. HAMILTON. If we vote down this
amendment r
[Cries of " Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The question is not debata-
ble.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was put; and the motion was not
agreed to.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays
on the adoption of the substitute as amended, and
resulted—yeas 122, nays 79; as follows:
YRAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Apple-
ton, Ball, Oanks, Bennett, Benson, Benton, Bliss, Brintow,
Bugg, Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthcrs, Caskie, Chamber-
lain, Chandler, Chase, Cook, Corvvin, Cox, Crocker, Cut-
ting, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dick, Dick-
inson, Disnuy, Drum, Dunham, Rddy^.Edcerton, Edmands,
Ellison, Etheridge, Everhart, Farley*? Flagler, Florence,
G.imblo, Goodrich, Goodwin, Green, Greenwood, Grow,
Anion Harlan, Harrison, Ilavon, iUmdricka, llenn, Hill,
Hillyer, Hushes, Daniel T. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kerr,
Knox, Kurtz, Lamb, Latham, Letcher, Lilly, Lindley,
Lindley, McCulloch, MeDougall, Mace, Macy, Maffpon,
Maurice, Meacham, Middleswarth, Smith Miller, Millson,
Morgan, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Mordecai Oliver, Par-
ker, Peck, Pennington, Bishop Perkins. Phelps, Preston,
Priugh:, Itcady, Richardson, Kiddle, David Ruchto,Thomas
Ritchey, Kobhtns, Rowe, Russell, Salmi, Wage, Sapp, Sim-
mons, Samuel A. Smith, Hollers, Fiedoiiek P. Sunton,
Richard (I. Stanton, Htiaub, Andrew Stuart, David ^tuait,
John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thmston, Tweed,
Upham, Walbridge, Walker, Walley, Warren, Eliihu 11.
Washburne, Inae-l Washburn,Tappan Wentworth, West-
brook, Yates, and Zollicofiei—h-23.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Ashe, David J.
Bailey, Thomas II. Bayly, Barksdale, Barry, Belcher, Bell,
Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, Brooks, Chuatmu,
Chrisman, Claik, Cobb, Colquitt, Craige, Curtis, Dunbar,
Eastman, Edmundson, Faulkner, Fenton, Fianklm, Ful-
ler, Goodc, Grey, Hamilton, Wiley P. Harris, Hastings,
IJihbard, Houston, Hunt, Johnson, Georgo W. Jones, Po-
land Jones, Kent, Kidwell,Kittredgo, Macdonald,M<\Mul-
liti, McQueen, Maxwell, May, Maynll, Morrison, Noble,
Andrew Oliver, Orr, John PciIons, Phillips, Powell, Pm-
yenr, Reese, Rogers?, Uufliii, Seward, Shannon, Shaw,
Khower, Singleton, William Smith, William R. Smith,
George W. Smyth, Hector L. Stevens, Stratum, John J.
Taylor, Trout, Variant, Walsh, Wells, John Wentworth,
Wheeler, Wute, Daniel B. Wright, and Henduek B.
Wright—79.
So the substitute, as amencloil, was adopted.
Mr. DAViS, of Indiana. Is the previous ques-
tion exhausted >
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. DAVIS. Is not the next question upon
ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. DAViS. Before that question ia taken, 1
move to reconsider the vote iast taken, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put; and the latter motion was
agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I now move to lay
the bill upon the table.
Mr. GOODE. I call for the yeas and nays upon
that motion.
The yeas and naya were ordered.
Mr. JONES. 1 withdraw the motion to lay
upon the table, at the request of friends around
me.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I renew the motion,
and upon it, I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and naya were not ordered.
The question was then pu,t upon Mr. Letch-
er's motion; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurring upon ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third tipne,
Mr. BOCOCK demanded the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WARREN. I would inquire of the Chair,
if this bill is removed from the operation of the
previous question, before it is ordered to be en-
grossed, whether it could be amended? I ask the
question with a view to make a motion to recon-
sider, if I can effect the object I have in view, by
so doing:.
The SPEAKER. After the bill has been or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time, a
motion to reconsider is in order; and if the motion
to reconsider prevail, then the bill will be open to
amendment.
The question was taken on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 97; as
follows: i '
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Apple-
ton, Hall, Banks, Benson, Benton, Bliss, Rristovv, ilucg,
Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chamberlain, Chandler,
Chase, Clark, Cook, Corwm, Cox, Crocker, Cutting, John
G. Davis, Thomas Davin, Dawson, Dick, Dickinson, Dis-
ney, Drum, Dunham, Edd>, Edgerton, Edmanda, Ellison,
Ktheridge, Everhart, Farley, Flagler Florence, Gamble,
Goodrich, Goodwin, Green, Greenwood, Harrison, Hen-
dricks, Henn, Rushes, Hunt, Johnson, Knox, Lamb, La-
tham, Jjiridley, Liuds>ley, Lyon, McCulloch, McDougall,
Mace, Macy, Matte-son, Meacham, Middb'fwarth, Smith
Miller, Moigan, Noble, Norton, Mordecai Oliver, Paiker,
Phelps, Preston, Pringie, Ready, Richardson, Riddle, David
Undue, Tnomna lltu-hoy, Robbins, Rowe, Sabin, Sage,
{Sapp, Samuel A'. Smith, Sollers, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Straub, Andrew Stuart, David Stuart,
John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Tweed,
Upham, Walbridge, Walker, Walley, Warren, Eliihu B.
WaMibtirne, Israel Washburn, Tappan Wentworth, West-
brook, Yates, and Zolhcotler—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Ashe, David J.
Bailey, Thpmas 11. Bayly, Barksdale, Barry, Belcher, Bell,
Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, Brooks, Caskie,
Cbustain,Chur£hwell, Cobb, Colquitt, Ciajge, Curtis, Dun-
bar, Dayman, Kdrnundson, Faulkner, Fenton, Franklin,
Fuller, Giddmgs, Goode, Grey, Grow, Hamilton, Aaron
Harlan, Hastings, Haven, Hibbard, liill, llillyer, Houston,
Daniel T. Jonee, George W. Jones), J. Glaney Jones, Roland
Jones, Kent, Kerr, Kidwell, KiUiedge, Kuitz, Letcher,
Lewis, Lilly, Macdonald, MeMulhn, McQueen, Maurice,
Maxwell, May, Million, Moriison, Murray, Nichols, An-
drew Oliver,Orr, Peck, Peekham, Pennington, Bishop Per-
i kins, John Perkins, Phillips, Powell, Pratt,Puryear, Reese,
| Rogers, RufTin, Seward, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Snn-
i nions, Singleton, William Smith, William 11 Smith, George
1 W. Sinvth, Stratton, John J. Taylor, Trout, Vansant, Wade,
Walsh, Wells, John Wentworth, Wheeler, Wute, Darnel
B. Wright, and Hendnck B. Wright—97.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to reconsider the vote by
j which the biil was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
Mr. McDOCJGALL. And I demand the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. WHEELER, i demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw my motion to recon-
sider, and lay upon the tabic.
Mr. McDOUGALL. .Now let the bill have its
thiid reading.
Mr. WARREN. I ri?e, Mr. Speaker, to what
I deem a privileged question, and that is, to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time. I submit the
motion with a view of getting in the amendment
which 1 have been pressing all along. And on
that motion, I shall demand the yeas and nays,
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 do not think, that even If
reconsidered, you can get your amendment in.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will explain the
present condition of the bill. The bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time, by a vote of
the House. The gentleman from California [Mr.
McDougall] then rose m his place, was recog-
nized by the Chair, and demanded the previous
question on the passage of the bill. The gentle-
man from Arkansas, [Mr. Warren,] as he had
| the right to do, moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill wfts ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time. The- proposition, though in
order, is not debatable, pending the demand for
the previous question. It w-ill be open to discus-
sion, if the call for the previous question be voted
down.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has the bill been
read the third time?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. JONES. Then 1 presume that theprevioua
question cannot be called on the passage of the
bill; and that the gentleman from Arkansas is in
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia was entitled to the floor, and demanded the
previous question, before the gentleman from
Arkansas submitted his motion to reconsider.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the motion
submitted by the gentleman from Arkansas pre-
vails, will it then be in order to make amend-
ments? Or would the previous question be still
in force to exclude them?
The SPEAKER. The previous question would
exclude amendments.
The bill being engrossed, it was read a third
time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. WARREN. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KERR, I move that the House do now
adjourn
Mr. WHEELER. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Boyce and
Macy were appointed.
The question was put on the motion to adjourn;
and the tellers having reported, ayes 91, noes 84,
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, demanded the yeas
and nays on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to adjourn,
and it was decided in the negative—yeas 96, nays
100; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Appleton, Ashe,
David J. Bailey, Thomas II. Bayly, Ball, Barry, Belcher,
Bell, Bennett, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, Bristow,
Bum?, Chamberlain, Chandler, Chase, Chastain, Colquitt,
Coiwin, Craige, Crocker, Curtis, Thomas Davis, Dick,
Eastman, Etheridge, Fenton, Florence, Franklin, Gid-
dinujs, Goode, Goodwin, Grey, Grow, Hastings, Haven,
Hendricks, Hibbard, TJillyer, Daniel T. Jones, Roland
Jones, Kerr, Kittredse, Knox, Letcher,Lewis, "Lilly, Mac-
donald, McMiilhn, McQueen, Matteson, May, Meaeham,
Middleswarth, Morrison,Murray, Norton, Orr, Peck, Peek-
ham, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, Powell, Prmgle, Ready,
Reese, David Ritchie, Robbins, Ruliin, Salnn, Sapp,
Rewaid, Shaw, Simmons Bmgteton, Samuel A, Smith,
William Smith, William R. Smith, Fredrick P. Stanton,
Riehaid II. Stanton, John J. Taylor, Thurston, Wade,
I Wateh, Warren, Eliihu B. Wasliburne, Wclls^John Went-
I worth, Wheelei, Witte, Darnel B. Wright, and Ilendnck
1 B. Wright—'J6.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Banks,
Barksdale, Bftiton, Bliss, Bocock, Campbell, Carpenter,
Oamthfrs, Caskie, Chrisman, Cobb, Cook, Cox, Cutting,
John G. Davis, Dawson, Dickinson, Disney, Drum, Dun-
bai, Dunham, Eddy, Edsjprton, Edmands, Edmundson,
John M. Eliiott, Ellison, English, Everhart, Failey, Faulk-
iipi, Flagler, Fuller, Gamble, Goodrich, Green, Greenwood,
| Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Harrison, Henn, Hill, Hughes,
Hunt, Johnson, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones. Keitt,
Kidwell, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane, Latham, Lindley, Lindsley,
McCulloch, MeDougall, Mace, Macy, Maurice, Maxwell,
Smith Miller, Millson, Morgan, Nichols, Noble, Andrew
Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Parker, John Perkins, Phelps,
Phillips, Pratt, Preston, Puryear, Richardson, Thomas
Ritchey, Rogers, Rowe, Shannon, Shower, George W.
Smyth. Hestor L. Stevens, Stratton, Andrew Stuart, John
L. Taylor, Nathaniel G, Taylor, Trout, Tweed, Upham,
Walbridge, Walker, Walley, Israel Washburn, Tappan
Wentworth, Westbrook, Yates, and Zollicoffer—100.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
the motion to Jay the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time upon the table.
Mr. WARREN, i withdraw the motion to
reconsider.
Tne SPEAKER. The question then recurs on
seconding the call for the previous question,upon
the passage of the bill.
Mr. MILLSOJN". I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The call for the previous question received a
second, and the main question was ordered to be
now put.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. PECKHAM. I demand the yeas and
nays o*i the motion to adjourn.
