1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
341
Mr. PRINGLE. I demand tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; nor were the yeas
and nays.
Mr. KEITT. I demand tellers on the adjourn-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Peckham
&nd ICerk were appointed.
The question was taken on the motion to .ad-
journ,.and it was agreed, to, the tellers having re-
ported—ayes 93, noes 76.
Thereupon, at three o 'clock and twenty minutes,
p. m., the House adjourned until Monday at
twelve, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 22, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicesl.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. CASS presented the credentials of Hon.
John S. Wells, appointed by the Governor of
New Hampshire to fill the vacancy occasioned by
the death of Hon. Moses Norris. The creden-
tials were read, and the oath prescribed by law
having been administered to Mr. Wells, he took
his seat in the Senate.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. STUART presented the memorial of Zerah
"Whitney, a soldier in the war of 1812, praying
to be allowed arrearages of pension for disability
incurred while in the United States service; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of George
Simpton, a captain in the revenue service of the
late Republic of Texas, praying to be placed on
the same footing as the officers of the late Texas
navy; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Delaware, praying the mediation of the
United States to put a speedy termination to the
war now waging in Europe; which were referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Delaware,
praying a reduction of the rates of ocean postage;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Offie.e and Post Roads.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Jacob
Kerr, praying compensation for four land warrants
for one hundred acres each, delivered by him to a
United States surveyor for location, and by him
converted to his own use; which was referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of Lieu-
tenant James Totten, United States Army, pray-
ing to be reimbursed expenses for selling at auc-
tion certain United States commissary stores;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Also, the petition of William Golf, a revolu-
tionary soldier, praying to be allowed a,pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PETT1T presented the memorial of John
Heneage, employed on the reporting corps of the
Senate, during the first session of the present Con-
gress, praying the same allowance as was made
by the Senate to the reporters of that body; which
was referred to the Committee on Retrenchment
and Reform.
Mr. ROCKWELL presented the memorial of
Joseph Warren Newcomb, grandson and legal
representative of General Warren, who fell in
the battle of Bunker's Hill, praying to be allowed
bounty land; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Almond E. Osgood and others, keepers of light-
houses in district No. 1, in Maine, praying an
ircrease of compensation; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BUTLER presented the petition of R.
Finley Hunt, and others, citizens of Washington,
opposed to the bill now before the Senate, for re-
organizing the judiciary of the District of Colum-
bia, and praying that a convention of the people
of the District may be authorized for the purpose
of preparing, for the action of Congress, a code of
laws for said District; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Abby
Chaplain, late the widow of Josiah Snelling. de-
ceased, an officer in the Army, praying a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition
of William S. Oliver, a soldier in the late war
with Mexico, praying a pension on account of
injuries received in service; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of
Thomas Coward, a lieutenant on board the pri-
vate armed vessel Chasseur, in the war of 1812,
praying a pension on account of wounds received
in battle'; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
MOWING AND REAPING MACHINES.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of
Howard & Co., against the renewal of the patents
of Cyrus H. McCormick and Obed Hussey, for
impiovements in reaping machines; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SEWARD. I am instructed to present
to the Senate concurrent resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of New York in relation to the
extension of .patents; which I ask may be read
and laid upon the table.
The resolutions were read. They declare that
in the judgment of the Legislature the sentiment
of the people of that State is opposed to the pas-
sage of any law by Congress extending the time
of any patent or patents heretofore granted to
Cyrus H McCormick, Obed Hussey, or Moore &
Hascall, or to either or any of them, for mowing
or reaping machines.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator will allow me,
I wish, before the question is taken on ordering
those resolutions to lie on the table, to say a few
words. As a representative of the State in which
one of the individuals mentioned in the resolution
resides, I wish to interpose my protest against
his being brought into that sort of company. 1
have had some opportunity, heretofore, to discuss
his claims in opposition to the claims of others;
but my principal object now is to apprise the
j Senate that this is but the commencement of a
scheme, concocted by individuals who oppose the
extension of these patents, to perambulate the en-
tire Union, and to get resolutions of instructions
passed in every State in which they can get them.
I only want to apprise the Senate that that is the
plan, and that it is as unmeaning as it would be if
we were to sit here and listen to the blowing of the
wind, because you may go to the Legislature of
any State in this Union, where these patentees do
not themselves reside, and get such resolutions of
instruction. They mean nothing. The plan has
been gotten up in this city; it has been concocted
since the commencement of the present session of
Congress; and it has sought to bring to bear a
supposed public opinioi; indiscriminately against
these men. Now, sir, 1 submit that the opinion
of no Senator upon any such topic as that should
be influenced in the least by such proceeding's.
The Legislatures have no examination of the
questions connected with the applications for the
extension of the patents; the facts are not before
them, they have no cognizance of the matter at
all; they cannot discriminate between those who
are meritorious and those who are not. This is
the work merely of an agent of certain manufac-
turers, who desire to add to their wealth out ofthe
inventive genius of deserving men. 1 only wish
to apprise the Senate, and, perhaps, the country,
ofthe sort of machinery that is set in motion.
The resolutions were ordered to lie upon the
table.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. ALLEN,from the Committeeon Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Mrs. Rachaei
McMillan, widow of Robert McMillan, late a
| surgeon in the United States Army, praying a
: pension, submitted an adverse report thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred a petition of inhabitants of Maine,
praying that pensions may be granted to the offi-
cers and soldiers of the last war with Great Brit-
ain, who were imprisoned at Halifax and Dart-
moor, and to the widows of those deceased, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the petition of Harriet H. Saunders,
widow of Camillus Saunders, an officer of the
United States revenue cutter Service, who was lost
on board the cutter Hamilton, praying a pension-
and the petition of Jane M. Rudulph, of Charlees
ton, South Carolina, widow of Captain Thomas
C. Rudulph, late a captain in the United. State;
revenue service, praying a pension, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration, and
that they be referred to the Committee on Finance;
which was agreed to.
Mr. EVANS', from the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate,
to whom was referred the petition of James W.
Sheahan, praying compensation for reporting the
trial of George A. Gardiner, for one of the select
committees of the Senate, in March; 1853, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by the following
resolution:
Resolvd, That the Secretary of the Senate do pay to
James W. Sheahan, out of the contingent fund, the sum of
80, being at the rate of $3 per column, for reporting
the trial'of George A. Gardiner, in full satisfaction of bis
claim.
He also, from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives, for the relief of William
A. Duer, John Duer, and Beverly Robinson, trus-
tees of the estate of Sarah Alexander,- widow of
Major General William Alexander, commonly
known as Lord Stirling, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was ordered to be printed*
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Anne Royal, widow
of Captain William Royal, ofthe Revolutionary
army, praying that she may be allowed and paid
interest on the amount due her late husband, or
for some other relief, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to 
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from th^ Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of Hall Neilson, praying the remission of
interest on notes given the United States, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary; which was agreed to.
He also, from the Bame committee to whom
was referred a bill to establish the office of sur-
veyor general of Utah, and to grant land to actual
settlers therein, reported it back with an amend-
ment.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on Indian
A/Fairs, to whom were referred documents in rela-
tion to the claim of John Rogers, to compensa-
tion for the storage of provisions procured by the
Government for the Chickasaw Indians, in 1837,
with a resolution of the Senate on the subject,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. FOOT gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill for the erection of a raa-
ripe hospital at Burlington, Vermont.
ANALYSIS OF GTJANO.
Mr. CLAYTON submitted the following reso-
| lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rotohcd, That the Secretary of State be directed to com-
municate to the Senate the results of the analysis of i* new
variety of guano, made by E. N. Horsford, under instruc-
tions from the Slate Department.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary ofthe Interior be requested
to transmit to the Senate copies of the report and map of
A. B. Gray, late United States surveyor of the Mexican
boundary, made to that Department in 1853, explanatory of
his action whilst a member of the commission appointed to
run and mark that line.
EXPEDITION TO JAPAN.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
to communicate to the Senate a copy of Commodore Perry's
report of the naval expedition to Japan, and that the same,
with the maps, charts, and drawings accompanying, be
printed, together with five thousand additional copies for
the use of the Senate, and that five hundred of such copies
be delivered to him. And that, if the Senate shall adjourn
before such report shall be received, the said report be sent
to the Secretary of the Senate. *
JOSEPH WEBB.
On motion try Mr. FESSENDEN, the Senate,
