342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill from the House of Representatives
for the relief of Joseph Webb. It will increase
the pension of Joseph Webb to eight dollars per
month from the 1st of. January, 1852, during his
life. : .
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered t,o a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
SAMUEL FRIOLEAU.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the bill
from the House of Representatives to repeal the
act for the relief of the legal representatives of
Samuel Prioleau, deceased, reported it bank with-
out amendment, and asked for its immediate con-
sideration.
The "Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
Eroceeded to consider the bill. No amendment
eing proposed, it was reported to the Senate,
ordered to a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
ROCK ISLAND.
■ Mr. SHIELDS. I desire to make a correction
in the report of some remarks which I made a few
days ago.' I have not the remarks before me no w,
but the Secretary of War has called my attention
to a slight mistake in them, and 1 want to seize
the first opportunity to correct it. The Committee
on Public Lands at the last session reported a bill
for the sale of Rock Island, to give the right of
way to a railroad across it, and also to give the
right of entry to a man named Sears. The Sec-
retary of War objected to the sale of the island,
and in order to obviate that objection, I offered an
amendment, when the bill was taken up some days
ago, to strike out all in relation to the sale, and
confine it to the case of Sears. I stated that I
concurred with theSecretary of War in his objec-
tion, and that, concurring with him, I offered the
amendment. I am reported as having stated that
I showed the amendment, to the Secretary. I
merely stated that I concurred with him in his
objection, and concurring with him, I offered the
amendment. It is a small matter; but my atten-
tion has been called to it, and I make the correc-
tion.
ARSENAL AT FAYETTEVILLE, IN NORTH
CAROLINA.
Mr. BADGER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce, for the puipose of ref-
erence, a joint resolution authorizing the Secretary
of War to sell a portion of the site of the arsenal
at Payetteville, North Carolina, and to purchase
other lands with the proceeds of such sale.
Unanimous consent was given, and the joint
resolution was introduced, and read twice by its
title.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to say, sir, that the
resolution, of which some prompt disposition
should be made, is for the purpose of authorizing
the Secretary of War to dispose of a portion of
the site purchased by the United States for an
arsenal at Fayetteville, (that portion being useless
to the Government,) in order that he may purchase,
with the proceeds of that sale, another portion of
land, which is highly important to the uses of the
Government, and to the security and protection of
the arsenal itself. I will send to the Chair certain
papers from the proper authorities evincing the
propriety of such a measure, nnd ask the reference
of the joint resolution, with the accompanying
Capers, to the Committee on Military Affairs. 1
eg- to call the attention of my friend, their chair-
man, [Mr. Shields,! to it.
The joint resolution, with the accompaying
papers, was accordingly referred.
SUPPRESSION OP INDIAN HOSTILITIES.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report a bill for the
suppression of Indian hostilities. It has been
prepared by the War Department, and considered
by the committee, and I am instructed by the
committee to report it now, for the purpose of
having it printed. My intention is, as instructed
by the committee, to move to attach it, as an
amendment, to the Army appropriation bill; and I
hope that will be taken up as soon as possible.
I wish this bill to be printed now, in order that
Senators may understand its provisions when the
Army bill shall be taken up. Its object is to raise
volunteers. It has already appeared in some of
the papers of the city, although not reported in
either House of Congress.
The bill was read, and ordered to a second read-
ings
The PRESIDENT. It will be printed, as a
matter of course.
MAIL ON THE MISSISSIPPI.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a
communication from the Postmaster General, in
reply to the resolution of the 13th instant, in rela-
tion to the establishment of a mail on the Missis-
sippi river, under the act of Congress of August
5,1854.
The Postmaster General states that he invited
proposals, by public advertisement,on the 29th of
August last, for conveying mails from Cairo, by
Memphis, Napoleon, Vicksburg, Natchez, and
Baton Rouge, to New Orleans and back, daily, in
safe and suitable steamboats; and also from Rock
Island, by Hampton, Port Byron, Cordova, Al-
bany, Pulton, Savannah, Le Claire, Camanrhes,
Lyons, Sabula, and Bellevue, to Galena, three
times a week, in safe anil suitable steamboats; and
that Sherly, Roe & Sherlock bid $300,000 per
annum for the advertised service between Cairo
and New Orleans, or $325,000, and supply, in
addition, three times a week the post offices at
Columbus, Hickman, New Madrid, Ashport,
Osceola, Pecan Point, Randolph, Hickman's Bend,
Pulton, Oldham, Napoleon, Victoria, Gaines's
Landing, Columbia/Greenville, Point Worthing-
ton, Grand Lake, Princeton, Lake Providence, Ta-
lula, Pecan Grove, Millican's Bend, and Young's
Point; or $350,000, and supply these points, with
those named m the advertisement, daily. The
only other bid was from A. J. Cain, at $185,000
per annum for the advertised service. On the
Rock Island and Galena route no bid was re-
ceived in the prescribed time. The only bid was
one received after time from J. R. Jones at $50
the round trip, equal to $7,800 per annum.
Separate routes werealso advertised from Cairo,
by Columbus, Hickman, New Madrid, Ashport,
Hickman's Bend, Fulton, Oceola, Pecan Point,
Randolph, nnd Oldham, to Memphis, and Vicks-
burg to Napoleon, three times a week. On the
former J. B. Hall bill $30,000, A. J. Cain, $30,000,
Samuel Tate $40,000; on the latter no bid was
received. The boats now conveying mails be-
tween New Orleans and St. Louis supply Natchez,
Vicksburg, Napoleon, Memphis, Hickman, and
Cairo, daily, at twenty dollars per trip. The
Louisville boats touch at the same points, except
Hickman, at twenty-five dollars per trip, six times
a week, and all other offices of importance between
Cairo and New Orleans twice a week, at $800 per
trip.
Thus the whole cost during the year ending 30th
June last, for daily mails between New Orleans
and Louisville, and New Orleans and St. Louis,
including the ofiices named in the late act of Con-
gress, and semi-weekly to the numerous other
offices on the Ohio and Mississippi rivers, and
special dally service a part of the year between
Vicksburg and New Orleans, twice a week be-
tween Memphis and New Orleans, and six times
a week between St Louis and Keokuk, amounted
to but $112,485 per annum, while the lowest bid
I under the late advertisement was $185,000 per
I annum for the limited service therein specified
1 between Cairn and New Orleans.
Under such circumstances the bids, for the ser-
vice contemplated by the act of Congress, ap-
peared to him so extravagant, as to induce him
to defer any acceptance. He felt further justified
j in such course by the fact that there were then no
I great mail lines m operation, with which to con-
i nect the proposed one at Cairo, making its prin-
j cipal support dependent on the Department; but
| now by the completion of the Illinois Central
| railroad to Cairo, such a large accommodation of
trade and travel may be reasonably anticipated as
will go far towards sustaining a line of boats, and
thus reduce the cost of mail service.
The importance of such steamboat service, both
for trade and travel, will be further enhanced by
the completion of the Ohio and Mississippi rail-
road, from the east to its point of intersection with
the Illinois Central, which is expected to take
place by April or May next; thus tending to a
further reduction of the cost.
Having failed to obtain acceptable bids, after
duly advertising for them, As directed by the act,
he is now engaged in efforts to put on the service
by private contracts, as authorized by the pro-
visions of that act.
Two special agents have been instructed to
repair to Cairo, and attend to the regular shipment
of the mails, by transient boats, from that point
for all the points named in the act of Congress,
until permanent arrangements can be made.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That letter is in
response to a resolution of the Senate adopted two
or three weeks ago, calling upon the Postmaster
General to inform us whether the act of August
5, 1854, had been complied with. It is always
unpleasant, sir, and on this occasion it is even
painful, to find myself compelled to complain of
one of the officers of this Government, My feel-
ings towards that officer personally are of the
kindest character. I esteem him as a gentleman;
but whatever my personal relations to him may
be, it does not exonerate me from the discharge
of my public duty here. I feel, sir, that the Post-
master General, in refusing to exectite'the plain
requirements of the law, has outraged the rights
and the interests of my constituents, and has
treated with indifference, if not with contempt, the
legislative department of this Government.
In order that the Senate may understand this
question, I beg that they will allow me very briefly
to go back and take it up from its beginning; I
will not detain them long.
It is known to you, sir, and to every Senator
upon this floor, that the trade and commerce upon-
the Mississippi river and its great tributaries,
amount to more than two hundred millions of
dollars per annum, the shipments from New
Oileans alone, exceeding one hundred millions of
dollars, passing through, and draining, a portion
of the commerce of more than half the States of
the Union; and yet, sir, with this immense com-
merce, and the necessary mail facilities thatshould
attach to that commerce, we have been steadily
denied, from the beginning of the Government
down to this date, any of those facilities of postal
arrangement that are accorded to every other por-
tion of the Union. The people in the valley of
the Mississippi, laboring under this disadvantage,
have, from time to time, from year to year, through
a series of almost twenty years, remonstrated,
petitioned, appealed, begged, and entreated, the
Post Office Department of this Government to ac-
cord to them benefits and privileges similar to
those accorded to others. All those petitions and
remonstrances, coming from State Legislatures,
from individuals, from large communities, and
from small communities, were treated with silence
and contempt.
In 1851, when I was honored with a seat upon
this floor, the Legislature of my State had ap-
pealed, time after time, for the redress of this
grievance. I was charged especially to see whether
something might not be done to relieve us from
the difficulties and disadvantages under which we
labored. I came here, and went to the then Post-
master General, Judge Hall. I stated to him all
the facts connected with the subject, and asked
him to give us some mail facilities upon the Mis-
sissippi river and its leading tributaries. He was
inexorable in his determination not to do so. I
went to his AssistantPostmaster General, a west-
ern man, who, I knew, understood our wants and
necessities, and the interests of that section of
country. He concurred with me, and in his
j report recommended the establishment of a mail
I service upon the Mississippi river from St. Louis
| to New Orleans, and from Louisville to New
j Orleans. The then Postmaster General, Judge
] Hall, refused to permit his assistant to make that
I recommendation in his report, but struck it out.
All hope, therefore, failed of getting any redress
there.
Soon afterwards that Postmaster General retired,
and another came in. I renewed the application
to that officer, and I met with the same fortune
that I had met before—a cold and indignant re-
pulse. Driven, then, as a last alternative, when
all hope had fled of getting redress at the proper
Department—what occurred ? Sir, it is wilhin
your remembrance, and within the recollection of
many Senators here, thatwe came to the Congress
of the United States to ask them to redress the
wrongs under which our constituents labored in
the valley of the Mississippi.
Now, Mr. President, if I know my own con-
