346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
which afcproposed to be rendered. Is it a matter
of discretion with him to determine whether he is
to pay too much or too little for the services to be
rendered? The law makes it his duty to put out
the contract to the lowest bidder. When he has
discharged his duty in offering it to the lowest bid*
der, then at once it becomes his duty to make the
contract with the lowest bidder, in conformity
with the plain provisions of the law. Now, when
he comes here to the Senate of the United States
and gays the reason why he has not complied
with the law, is, that he considers that the lowest
price bid was too much for carrying this mail,
surely he takes upon himself the exercise of a dis-
cretion which never was intended to be confided
to him by the legislative department of this Gov-
. eminent.
Sir, the Congress of the United States were the
best judges of whether this mail should be carried
between the points proposed or not. They have,
in their discretion, determined that it should be
carried. They have committed to his discretion
the right to ei\ter into these contracts—nay, they
have made it his duty to enter into the contracts;
and now he refuses to do if, upon the shadow pre-
text that, in his judgment, he could not do it
without subjecting the Government to too great
expense. He takes upon himself the right of de-
ciding a question which does not properly belong
to him, and casts an imputation upon the good
sense of the Congress of the United Siates, in re-
quiring him, by a l iw which they passed, to make
a contract which was necessary for the benefit of
the people of that, section of the country.
For myself, without intending to cast any im«
putation whatever on the Postmaster General,
(for 1 entertain for him high respect,) 1 must say
that, in refusing* to enter into a contract which the
law plainly required, he has, in my humble opin-
ion, transcended his powers, and set at defiance
the settled law of the country.
On motion by Mr, RUSK, the letter of the
Postmaster General was refeired to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing thut they had passed the bill from the
Sena.te to authorize the issue of a register to the
bark Foundling, of Boston. .
AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
Mr. JOHNSON. A few days since a joint
resolution was passed to regulate the mode of pro-
curing engraving and lithographing for Congress.
The passage of that joint resolution makes it
necessary to have an addition to our rules, or else
to make a special order in every instance where [
ensrraving is necessary to accompany a public !
document. I am, therefore, instructed by the
Committee on Printing, to offer the following res- !
olution, arid ask for us immediate consideration: j
R^okd, That the 31th rule be amended by nddins to (he j
Clause loUmigio the Commuiet; on Pruning the following;
Tl\<  «wml cuinnnif^e alnll also supervi-e and direct the
procuring ofmnp, and drawings, accompanying documents,
vtdered to be printed.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. BADGER. I will ask my friend from
Arkansas whether the word 4< procuring" is suf-
ficiently extensivo to cover the object ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, air; the Committee on
Printing think so. The object is to have the mat-
ter provided for by our iules, and thus save the
trouble of passing a special resolution whenever
any lithographing or engraving is necessary.
The resolution was agreed to.
COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. BADGER. There was an oversight in
regard to the clerks of our committees, committed
at the last session, which was then rectified on
my motion. I submit a resolution to accomplish
the same object now:
Resolved) That Mich of the clerks to the standing com-
mittees of the Senate as have been on duty since the first
day of this session, be paid therefrom.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
EXTENSION OF BOUNTY LAND LAWS.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill, " in addition
to certain acts granting bounty lands to certain
officers and soldiers who have been engaged in the
military service of the United States," the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr. Bell to
insert among the beneficiaries of the bill:
And each of the surviving volunteer officers and privates
who, m any of the wars m which this country has been
engaged, performed military service against the public
enemies, though not called regularly into the service of the
United States."
Mr. BELL. I desire to modify the proposition
submitted by me, by striking out the word 4< vol-
unteer" on the suggestion of several gentlemen.
Then it will cover several other classes of persons
to be provided for, -who they think stand in the
same relative position towards the objects of this
bill. I modify the amendment by striking out
the word volunteer, so that it will now read:
And each of the surviving officers and private?, who,
in any of the wars in winch this country lia<5 been engaged,
performed military service against the public enemy, though
not called and regularly mustered into the service of the
United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to ask the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania whether the amend-
ment in relation to extending the benefits of this
bill to the Indians engaged in the war of 1812 is
included ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not know.
Mr. STUART. There is nothing of that kind,
I believe.
Mr. SEWARD. Such an amendment was
offered.
The PRESIDENT. Tt was included on the
motion of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown.]
Mr. SEWARD. Has it been adopted?
The PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I wish to inquire
whether its provisions are extended to the negroes
who fought in the wars of this country ?
The PRESIDEN V. There is no clause of that
kind in the bill, I believe.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I now desire to offer a
substitute for the entire bill. I do not think that
it can be executed in its present form. It covers
too much ground. It has too many novel pro-
visions which have never been in a bounty land
bill before. The land warrants under it will not
be worth anything; and i doubt very much
whether we shall have land enough upon which
they could be located. It goes back to the Revo-
lution; it includes all who were engaged in the
Revolution, their widows, and, in case of the
death of a revolutionary officer or soldier, it goes
to his heirs, to his children—not alone to the
minor children, because the word "minor" has
been stricken out. It includes those who were in
the service of the States for the protection of the
States, who were not regularly enrolled and paid
by the United States. I think, therefore, in view
of the information which the honorable Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] has obtained from
the Pension and the Land Offices, that the Senate
will see the propriety, nay, more, the necessity of
coming back to something like the original bill
which I introduced.
I therefore move a substitute for the entire bill,
which restricts the operations, and confines the
benefits of the bill to those who have been engaged
in the military service of the United States since
1790. It contains this proviso also, to meet the
suggestion made by the Senator from California
[Mr. Weller] the other day:
Piovnled, That a person so having been in the servicc,
shall not receive said land warrant, if' it shall appear by the
muster-rolls of hi? rpgimenf, or corps, that he has deserted,
or was dishonorably discharged.
It strikes out the restriction of twenty-eight
days in the original bill, and inserts fourteen,and
strikes out " or by credible witnesses," so as to
make the service appear upon the muster-roils.
As we have reduced the time of service to four-
teen days, we make it necessary that it should
appear upon the muster-rolls.
Mr. President, the substitute which I now pro-
pose has been carefully prepared, on consultation
with those who have been engaged for years, and
who are now engaged, in the execution of similar
laws; and that is the only way in which a bill of
this kind can, with safety, be framed. I believe
the substitute which I offer will be much more
satisfactory to the soldiers of the war of 1812
than the bill as it is amended, because it is framed
with a view to its passage. It is much better to
pass a bill in this restricted form, at this session,
than one much larger and more extended in its
provisions two years hence, because most of the
men whom it is intended to benefit will, in the
mean time, have sunk into the grave; for most of
them now are sixty years old. I have brought
forward this measure in good faith. I have not
attempted to enlarge its provisions and kill it with
kindness.
These are the reasons which now induce me to
offer this substitute. It presents a test, question
between the scheme which I now present and the
bill as it has been amended by the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator moves to
strike out all after the enacting ciause, and insert
what will be read.
Several Senators. It is not necessary to read
it.
Mr. SHIELDS. We all understand it. It has
been lying on our tables. But I would suggest to
my honorable friend from Pennsylvania, that the
same work will have to be done over again. All
the amendments will bfe brought anew, and you
will then have to go through the same labor if this
substitute should be adopted.
The PRESIDENT, Jf there be no objection,
the reading of the proposed substitute will be dis-
pensed with. Is there objection? The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. GWlN. It is pretty evident, after what
the Senator from Pennsylvania has said, that we
shall have to do this work over again, because the
majority of the Senate have put the amendments
upon the original bill, which he now proposes to
strike out. In order to get clear of the whole
subject, I move to postpone its further considera-
tion until the first Monday in December next, and
upon that motion I nsk for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have no objection to
that as a test question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRODHEAD. My friend from Illinois
says we shall have to do this work over a°;ain. I
do notthink so. We have the bill asamended by
the Senate before us now, and we have the scheme
presented as a substitute. It presents a plain ques-
tion. The Senate can easily understand the bill
as amended; they can easily understand the sub-
stitute which I have presented. I think we are
prepared to vote upon it. I hope, therefore, the
postponement will not be agreed to.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 43; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Benjamin, Clay, Dodge offowa,
Gwm, Johnson, Jones of Jowa, nnd Seba-tian—8.
NAVS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Brainerd. Bright, Brodhead,
Brown, liutler, Cass, Chase, Clayton, 'Cooper, Dawson,
Dixon, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Kvans, Fes«eruJpn,
Fi-h, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Geyer, Gillette, Houston, Hunter,
James Jones of Tennessee, Mailory, Mason, Morton, Pet-
tii, Iteid, Rockwell, Rusk, Sewaid, Shields. Smart. Sum-
ner, Thomson of New Jersey. Toucey, Wade, Weller.
Wells, and Wright—43,
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. CLAYTON. My honorable friend from
Pennsylvania objects to the bill as it has been
agreed to by the Senate so far, because it is too
extensive.^ He says the bill is loaded down: and
he thinks it cannot be executed. Now, sir, with
great deference to my friend from Pennsylvania,
I must say that I can see no difficulty in executing
the law. Where is the difficulty ? it is very true,
that if the bill were restricted as he had originally
drafted it, the officers who will take charge of this
matter, having the rolls before them, might find it
much easier to execute the law, than it will be
now. Under the bill, as it stands, they will be
compelled, in cases where applicants come before
them who are not to be found upon the rolls, or
who have never been paid for their services in the
war of 1812, to resort to evidence aliunde in order
to satisfy them of the correctness of the claim of
the applicant; but this is a part of their duty. I
am satisfied that much of this objection comes
from some of those officers. We do not propose
to increase their salaries or compensation; but we
do propose to add a little more service to them.
Sir, let them perform the service, and if there is
any injustice to them, if they are crowded with
business in consequence of tl)e passage of the bill,
we can remedy that difficulty hereafter. But it
cannot be the fact that the bill cannot be executed.
As my friend from Georgia, [Mr. Dawson,] who
sits near me suggests, they only work now from
nine to three; and for the benefit of the old sol-
