1855.
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
349
which is akin to distributing the lands among all
the States. I have shown you that our university
and common school fund is to be destroyed at a
blow; for our lands will not be worth anything,
and'will not avail us anything for a quarter of a
century under this system, i beg liberty to repeat
again the effect upon the five per cent, provision.
-I say thehonor of the country is pledged in giving
it to the States. Sir, I would not utter a rash
saying anywhere, if I'knew it, much less here in
my place in the Senate; but I will call the atten-
tion of honorable Senators to the consideration,
whether, if you thus falsify your own solemn
compacts with the States which you have admitted
into tiie Union, they will stand by their agreement
not to tax your lands? Will they do it? Ought
they to do it? Will you not, therefore, produce
local and sectional difficulties, the end of \t;hich
no man can foresee?
What, then, Mr. President, is there left of the
sacred provisions of this bill ? It is destructive to
the interests of the United States pecuniarily. It
is destructive of the fundamental interests of the
States of the Union (respectively, in winch the pub-
lic lands lie, because it destroys their educational
fund, and deprives them of any pecuniary receipts
from the sale of the lands. It is destructive of the
interests of the soldier himself, because he gets a
mere bagatelle—ten or twelve dollars is all. It is
destructive of the morality of the .whole people,
for it inspiies in them a disposition to make fraud-
ulent claims, and to support them by fraudulent
statements, in order to come in under the bill.
You have cut loose every restriction; you have
not got a single record that is a landmark by
which you can be guided to determine who are
the beneficiaries under it. Parol evidence that a
man has been under arms anywhere, entitles him
to receive the benefits of this bill.
X asked a question of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, what would be the cffect of restoring the
word "minor," before "children," and he an-
swered me that the restoration of that word to the
bill would reduce the quantity of land taken by it
forty millions of acres; forty millions out of sev-
enty-eight millions; more than half. Now, what
propriety is there in giving one hundred and sixty
acres of land to a grown-up, able-bodied man, be-
cause his father some day shouldered a musket?
If you are going to reward merit by the bounty of
the General Government, why not adopt some
rule by which to select meritorious men ? The
only criterion in this case is, that the father of the
applicant, at some day, shouldered a musket to
protect his State, or the United States, to put down
an insurrection, as a border man to shoot an In-
dian, or something of that kind.
I think, if we are going to make donations of the
public lands, can we do very much better. I do
not hesitate to say that, unless Congress possess
an unlimited control over the public lands, in my
humble opinion—and I speak it deferentially—
thit'S is no power granted to us under which we
can pass a bill like this. Can you give a man
one hundred and sixty acres of land, because his
father was in the Revolution? Ifso, you can give
him one hundred and sixty acres because he was
not there; for the reason is just as sound in the
one case as in the other, on tne point of constitu-
tional power. Has this man become entitled to
it on that account, and does the conclusion follow
legitimately and constitutionally from the premises'
Would it not be better to give one hundred and
sixty acres ofland to the sons ofsomeofthedistin-
guished men who have adorned the civil service of
the country? Can you not select from the galaxy
of names that has now passed from the stage of
action, those who have rendered as much service
in civil capacities, as those who have enlisted in
the Army and deserted it? Would it not be as well
to give to the sons of some of those distinguished
patriots one hundred and sixty acres of land be-
cause their fathers were patriots, as to give one
hundred and sixty acres ofland to a man because
his father was enlisted and deserted the flag of
his country? Here stands your bill to-day, with
no restriction to exclude deserters. Even if you
have the power, is it sound policy, is it wise, can
you maintain good faith with the States, can you
maintain good faith with your own consciences,
and do this?
Sir, I know the difficulty that may surround
any gentleman who opposes this bill, when there
is a clamor for the old soldiers. I have seen that
before. I stood in Congress upon an occasion
when'there was aproposition to make bounty land
warrants assignable,and the gentlemen who com-
posed the body clamored for it to benefit the old
soldiers, but the pockets of''almost every one of
them were filled with the warrants, the legality of
which they wished to fix by law; yet, when the
proposition came up to pay-the registers and re-
ceivers of the land offices for locating those war-
rants, the same men who were overflowing with
patriotism for the old soldiers, and who held the
old soldiers' warrants in their pockets, refused to
give the land officers any compensation whatever.
When we commenced the consideration of this
bill, I expected that I should be called upon, in
the end, to vote against it, and I intended to put
myself in a po&ition where I could say to those
Soldiers, those ?!rave and good men who deserved
something of the country, " I am ready, at any
day, and upon any occasion, to vote for a bill
which does this thivfg for you; I have always been
leady to do it." I hope that, without the charge
of egotism, I may say that, in the Thirtieth Con-
gress, the first in which I was honored with a seat
in either Chamber of this Capitol, I declared my
disposition to give one hundred and sixty acres of
land to every individual who had been enlisted
and served in the war of 1812, or in the revolu-
tionary war, and it was put down in the House
of Representatives as aproposition so monstrous
that it would not be entertained for a moment.
I am ready now to vote for a proposition
giving to every man anil every widow embraced
within the law of 1830, without regard to the time
of service, one hundred and sixty acres of land;
and I may be permitted to say, with all respect to
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, that I
think that is the best form in which the bill could
the passed. It could be done in one section, by
simply saying that every individual entitled to
land under .the law of 1850 should receive enough
to make up one hundred and sixty acres. That
is what the delegation representing the old soldiers,
composed of honorable and intelligent men, asked
of the Committee on Public Lands of the Senate,
as the chairman of that committee [Mr. Donor.,
of Iowa] will recollect. Sir, those honorable men
never asked that Indians, and negroes, and de-
serters, should be placed upon an equal footing
with them. They never asked that the men who
deserted when they stood by the flag, should be
paid for that desertion, as they were paid for their
patriotic services. A single section, I say, extend-
j mg the law of 1850 in its terms, so as to give one
hundred and sixty acres, instead of limiting the
quantity according to the term of service, would
carry out fairly and fully the intention of those
men.
•Hut I am willing to vote for the substitute now
proposed by the Senator from Pennsylvania. I
know it will require many millions of acres of
land to execute it; but as I have said, I am will-
ing to go largely beyond what my own judgment
would dictate, for the purpiose of giving some real
benefit to these men. That substitute strikes out
deserters; it limits the bounty land to those who
served at least fourteen days; and it requires
record proof of it; so that you can tell who has
been a soldier and who not. That proposition is
confined, in the case of the death of a soldier, to
his widow or minor heir; and, sir, if there be
withm this land a widow or a minor heir of a man
who has periled himself in the service of the
country, I am willing to be liberal with that
widow, and that minor heir, to the extent of one
hundred and sixty acres of land. Further, I am
ready to go to the extent suggested by the Sena-
tor from California, in the amendment now pend-
ing to the original bill, and give such persons an
invalid pension in certain cases. But, sir, I can
never consent to a bill which consumes the lands
of the Union; which inflicts the most serious.in-
i jury on the Treasury of the United States; which
i falsifies your solemn engagements with the land
States; which degrades the meritorious soldier, by
placing him side by side with the deserter; antl
which, in a pecuniary point of view, at most, can-
not give him more than §19 50 if he gets one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land. Such injustice I
never can vote for.
Mr. President, a few words in respect to the
suggestions which the Senator from Georgia has
made in regard to the effect of tile homestead bill,
and I shall have done; because, I say again,Iiose
to-day simply to discharge a duty to myself, and
to my own constituents, and, hot with the hope of
changing a single vote in the Senate. The Sen-
ator 'from Georgia has intimated that this is an
alternative proposition between a homestead bill
and this; that either one of them takes the whole
public domain ,and that, so far as the United States
are concerned, therefore, the result is alike. It
strikes me that no such condition of things can
happen, when you require a man to settle upon
the public lands'and cultivate them. The con-
sumption of the public, lands cannot, under any
homestead law, exceed five millions of acres, annu-
ally, because in that case the sale cannot go beyond
the demand. The individual who takes tnequarter
section ofland is to live upon it. He cannot take
it by proxy. He cannot buy a land warrant, or
a scrip, and put it in his pocket and sit down at
home; but he has to move on to the land, cultivate
it, and occupy it; and thus the Senator will see
that the consumption of the public lands, in that
way, could not exceed five millions of acres, annu-
ally. Besides, the homestead bill, as passed by the
Senate, contains no such provision as the Senator
suggests. The sense of the Senate was brought
to a test on that question at the last session, and
that test determined that those who held lands
under the homestead provision within the States,
should be only such as, by the laws of the States
themselves, were permitted to hold lands. It
leaves it, therefore, to any State of this Union, by
its own laws, to indicate the persons who should
hold land under the homestead bill. In the Ter-
ritories it changed no existing law of the coun-
try; but it adopted precisely the principle of the
preemption law, which required either that the
man should be a citizen of the United States, or
that he should have declared his intention to be-
come such; and by comp^ng with either one of
these provisions, he was to become an f wner.,
under the homestead bill, of one hundred and
sixty acres ofland within any of the Territories.
Then there is no such condition, no such altern-
ative, as the Senator from Georgia apprehends;
but, sir, if there were, I should be willing, if I
were going to discuss that question with the hon-
orable Senator, to yield the whole ground that he
asks; I should be willing, for the purposes of the
argument, in comparing it with this bill, to say
that any foreigner, the moment he landed upon
our shores, might take a quarter section of land
under the homestead provision; and even then I
say, it is infinitely better than the provisions of
this bill; for, under this bill, a foreigner can buy
at twelve and a half cents an acre, any quantity
of your public land, and hold and keep it, at his
pleasure. A foreign Government, as I have said,
can buy it up, and throw their own paupers on it.
There is not a single restriction, not a single lim-
itation in the bill, which cuts out a foreigner.
But, Mr. President, I expect that, if the Senator
is driving at thiaKnow-lNothing business, there is
something worse than that in it. I suppose a
man may actually take a quarter section ofland
under this bill, and, at the same time, have been
born in a foreign country. I expect there were
men in our Revolution, 1 expect there were men
in the war of 1812, who fought as bravely as any
other men, that were born out of this country,
who will be beneficiaries under this bill. So far
as I am concerned, I shall never inquire where a
man was born in order to determine my opinion
of his respectability, or his qualifications. If
there is anything in that argument at all, I think
it is m favor of the man who was born in a foreign
land, under an oppressive Government, who i3
willing to leave his home, and the graves of his
ancestors, to shake olf his allegiance to the Crown,
and come here into this country, and agree to be,
and actually become, a good citizen of the United
States. He is a much more meritorious man than
the man who was born here, and could not help
it, if there be anything at all in the view to which
I have just alluded.
But, sir, all these elements have to come into
this bill; and I am only prepared to say in con-
clusion that, for the reasons which I have briefly
stated, I can never support the bill as it now stands.
I have been anxious from the beginning, and I em
now, that the bill shall receive a shape in which I
can support it. I shall* not detain the Senate by
saying anything about the opinions which 1 en-
tertain of the gallant men who have been engaged
in the service of this country. Thejr eulogium
