tttt-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22.
land, to aid in their internal improvements. 1
opposed that. I opposed it upon principle, but with
candor. I expressed-my opposition from the place
■which I now occupy, as my friend from
[Mr. Dopr-e] knows, and 1 never have changed
my view on the subject; and it was because equal
justice was due to every State of this "Union, and
partial Justice I never would loan myself to aid.
But Ifound I was then in a minority. It could
not be Well resisted. Public opinion was excited,
and public opinion'has grown to be very strong
on that subject^ because it is a subject of public
justicewhich every honest man, whether educated
or uneducated, can well comprehend and Under-
stand; and the theme, north,"south, east, and west,
is that we must put an end to "the system of
'giving public lands to one Stale in preference to
others, when all afe equally entitled to them.
But, sir, when that'system of raihoad arrange-
ment seemed to be at an end, the idea was thrown
out that the lands were ruining the country; that
we most have them occupied; that we must throw
them into the market, and give them to those
who should bid lowest; or, in other words, that
whoever would go and settle upon them for
five years should be entitled to the lands, and
should receive a patent for them from us without
fee or reward; not recollecting that those of us
who dwelt in the old States, descended from the
sires of the Revolution, who lived at the home-
steads of our ancestry, and in the neighborhood
of their graves, could receive no-benefit from this
system, unless we were tq deny the place of our
nativity, disconnect ourselves from our family
relations, an'd settle in adistant partofthecountry
This-was well calculated to work up feelings in
the bosom of every man who thought on the sub-
ject. I opposed that proposition with no preju-
dice, with no unkindness towards any man of my
l-ace, whether of one climo or another. 1 opposed
it upon principles of justice and equity; and
when 1 stand upon them -1 never falter. My
friends around me will sustain me m the assertion
that I have never gone to the right or the left of
that proposition, but uniformly have mood upon
it. 1 found that the Representatives of the people
ir. the other House had the power to pass such a
measure as is repulsive to the feelings of my
nativity, my love for the place of my birth; that
they were about to take all this domain from those
Who would not go Into another State, and give it
to whom, I will not describe. That is the so
called homestead bill.
Sir, the lands are to go. Every one of us says
so. Not a Senator on this floor can say now that
he looks for any great pecuniary advantage to
the General Government from the sale of the pub-
lic lands. We wish to dispose of them. Here is
afproposition to grant them to those men who
fought in the war of the Revolution, and in the war
«f 1812, and to their descendants. My heart and
my judgment come to the conclusion instantly
that if the public lands are to be given away,
they should be given to worthy men, and to the
children of worthy men—to those who risked
their lives in defense of our country, as the most
worthy. But my friend asks why not give them
to the civilian ? Would he vote for that ? If we
put in the bill a provision for grants to sons of
distinguished civilians, would he vote for it? Cer-
tainly not. Why then present that argument?
It was merely to invalidate the claims of the sol-
diers of the Revolution, and of the war of 1812,
and their descendants, and not to affect them, for
his heart, 1 know, beats as strongly for them as
that of any man on this floor. But he thinks the
State of Michigan will be injured by our paying a
debt of gratitude to the soldiers of the Revolution,
and his devotion to his own State will make liim
forego the feelings of his heart, which I know
would be in favor of discharging a debt of grati-
tude to those soldiers.
When you come to reduce the whole of his
argument down to a point, it results ill nothing
else than this—that he is fearful the bill may, in
some degree, injure the prosperity of Michigan.
My opinion is the very contrary; for if his argu-
ment Lie true that thepublic lands will comedown
to the value of twenty.dollars for every one hun-
dred and sixty acres, then it will be a glorious era
in this country, when the landless man in every
State in the Union can pack up his goods and go
to a place where he can get one hundred andsixty
acres of land for twenty dollars.
The bill, in all its aspects, it seems'to' ftie, ought
to receive the approval of those who are now
against it as well as of those who are for it, for it
disposes of the public lands, disperses our popu-
lation, and gives to" our landless people a home at
the rate of twenty dollars for one hundred and
sixty acres. Hence it is that I shall vote for it.
There are objections to the bill. There are prop-
ositions there that I should vote against. But I
have lived long enough to know that no bill of
such magnitude can ever receive the united ap-
proval of a body of sixty-two intelligent men.
Our nature, the character of our intellect, prevents
our agreement on propositions of this sort. I
agree, however, with at least seven tenths of the
provisions of the bill; and, because 1 cannot go the
other three tenths, I will not d^ injustice to my
judgment, but submit to the frailty of human
nature, and do the best I can.
Again, sir, my friend from Kentucky, [Mr.
Thompson,] has just notified me that this day
forty-one years ago the battle of the River Raisin
was fought, when the best blood of old Kentucky
was shed. And, now, to-day, although in the be-
ginning of the war those men of the farm, of the
shop, and of almost every place in Kentucky, who
volunteered to go out in defense of the country,
were slain and lost to their families and to the
Union, their children must not be forgotten. We
must not say, because they did not survive the
battle-field, and to-day come here with all the
glory which is always thrown around the survi-
vors of such fields, that their heirs shall have
lfbthing. The loss to the children of the father,
and to the widow of the liusband, was something.
It creates a feeling within me that I cannot well
suppress. The man, if his arm was broken would
have received a pension; andifhedied, his widow
would get it; but, if, unfortunately he fell upon
the battle-field, neither his widow nor his children,
under the view of some gentlemen, should be re-
spected for his actions. Sir, when T am selecting
the beneficiaries of my bounty, I will select those
who are most deserving; and in casting my mind
over the whole American people who have acted
for the benefit of the country, there are none, in
my judgment, more entitled to our gratitude and
support, than the men who are named in the bill.
Mr. BADGER. The debate, sir, has taken a
wide range, and is obviously bringing up the dis-
cussion of the whole land policy of the country.
I perceive, also, that it is taking another direc-
tion, which, to me, is fiaught with some degree of
anxiety and alarm. The honorable Senator from
Michigan has brought forward, on this occasion,
a term which is not parliamentary. He has talked
about conscience; and when I hear that word in
the Senate, I fear that we are approaching some
excitement which may end in a violation of the
rules of order. [Laughter.] Under these Circum-
stances, it seems to me that the time has arrived
! when, and the occasion requires that, I should sub-
' nut the motion that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 22,1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicrk.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the War Department, in reply to
a resolution of the House, instructing the Secre-
tary of War to report whether, in his opinion,
any military defense is necessary for Proctor's
Landing, at the terminus of the Mexican Gulf
railroad, Louisiana, transmitting a report from the
chief engineer, giving the required information;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr PECK, by unanimous consent, presented
a joint resolution of the Legislature of the State of
New York, protesting against the reissue of pat-
ents to Cyrus II. McCormick, Obed Hussey, or
Moore & Hascall, for reaping machines; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to allow me to introduce a
resolution, Betting apart the 29th, 30th, and 31st
days ofthe present month" for the consideration of
territorial business.
Mr. COBB. I object.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to suspend the
rules to enable me to submit the resolution..
. Mr. COBB. You cannot do that.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Why can ! not make
the motion ?
The SPEAKER. There is already a special
order pending before the House, upon which the
main question has been ordered, which, as the
gentleman must be aware, cannot be interfered
with by a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. HAMILTON. I demand the regular order
of business.
RELIEF OF THE KANE EXPEDITION.
Mr. PENNINGTON.' I hold in my hand the
memorial of the Governor of New Jersey, the
President of the Senate, and the Speaker of the
House of Representatives, and of sundry mem-
bers of the Legislature of that State, asking that
an expedition may be fitted out by the Govern-
ment of the United States, for the relief of Dr.
Kane and his companions, in the Arctic expedi;
Hon, which it seems to me presents a case which
ought to be presented in open House. I ask that
the memorial may be received, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
There being no objection, the memorial was
received, and so referred.
Mr. CHANDLER. I rise to ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table a joint resolution from theSenatei
for the relief of the expedition of which mention
has been made in the memorial just presented by
the gentleman from New Jersey. If anything is
to be done for the relief of this expedition, it must
be done quickly. 1 trust the House will indulge
me in having the resolution taken up and dis-
posed of.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to ltnow
what is the condition of this joint resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It is upon the Speaker's
table. The gentleman from Pennsylvania asks
the unanimous consent of the House to take it up
and have it put upon its passage.
Mr. SMITH. I object, and call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. EDGERTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to submit a resolution calling
for information from the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. LETCHER. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. EDGERTON. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection and allow this resolution
to be adopted. It is merely a resolution for
information.
Mr. LETCHER. I would do it cheerfully to
accommodate the gentleman; but there are half a
dozen others who are seeking the floor, and if I
give way to one, I must to all. I demand the
regular order of business.
Mr. HENN. 1 ask the gentleman to with-
draw his demand to allow me to present certain
joint resolutions of the Legislature of Iowa.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. They can be pre-
sented and referred at the Clerk's table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that it
is usual to have resolutions of the Legislatures of
States presented in open House.
Mr. LETCHER. If I withdraw my demand
for one I must for another; and 1 decline. I
demand the regular order of business.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the bill " to provide
for the establishment of a railroad and telegraphic
communication between the Atlantic States and
the Pacific ocean, and for other purposes." The
question now pending, is upon the passage of th.e
bill; upon which the main question has been
ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON. Upon that question I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Is this the Pacific Rail-
road bill?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered to
be put, with a view,of then submitting the motion
that it be recommitted to the select committee.
