350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. 1 move that the
House do now adjourn.
The question was put; and the motion was not
agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If this motion to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table should
fail, and the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed should be carried, the
previous question having been exhausted upon the
passage of the bill, would it not be in order then
to move to recommit the bill to a select committee?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I call the gentleman to
order, and ask for a vote. I ask that all these
questions may be decided when they properly
come up in their order ?
The SPEAKER. It lias been usual for the
Chair to make such explanations as will enable
the House to vote understanding^ upon the ques-
tions before them. It seems to the Chair that he
should respond to the inquiry made by thegentle-
man from Tennessee.
Mr. IUCEIARDSON. I do not object, then.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman inquires
whether it is competent to reconsider the vote by
winch the bill was passed, and then to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed, and then to move to recommit the bill,
Mr. TWEED. Would an objection by any
member of the House prevent the Chair from re-
sponding to the question?
The SPEAKER. It would not. It is in order
for the House to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was passed, and then to recommit it. It is
also in order for the House to retrace its steps
still further, and reconsider the vote by which the
bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read a thfrd
time, and then to amend or commit the bill, the
previous question being then out of the way.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
and resulted—yeas 97, nays 10G; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James (J. Allen, Willi* Allan, Appleton,
Banks, Benton, Hliss, Hristow, Rugu, Carmliers, Cham-
berlain, Chandler, Chrit-maii, (Mark, Cook, Cox, Cullom,
Cummin#, Cutting, John <1. IJavi: , Thomas Davis, Daw-
sou, Do Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Duney, Drum, Dunham,
Eddy, Edgcrton, Edmando, John M. Elliot, Ellison, l>ng-
lish, Etherulgo,Evorliart, Farley, Florence, CI amble, Cieen,
Greenwood, Andrew J. Harlan, Hariison, Hendrick^, Ilenn,
llughcfl, Johnson, Knox, Lamb, Latham, Lindley, Lmds-
ley, McCulloch, McDougnll, Mucy, Maiteson, John G. Mil-
ler, Smith Miller, Nirbota, Noble, Norton, Olds,.Mordeeai
•Oliver, Parker, Phelps. Preston, Heady, Richardson, Kid-
die, David Ritchie, Thomas Uik-h^y, UobUns, Russell,
Sapp. Shannon, Samuel A. Smith, Boilera, Frederick P.
Hianton, Richard II. Stanton, Uestor L. Stevens, Straub,
Andrew Smart, David Siuart, John L. Tuj lor, Nathaniel
C. Taylor, Thurston, T wood, CIpham, Wallirklue, Walker,
Walley, Warren, Klhliu H. Washburn**, Wells, Tajipan
Wentworth, Westbrook, Yntoa, ami /.olheofiei-—97.
NAYd—Mesar«. Abererouible, Aiken, l>a\id J. Hailoy,
Thomas 11. Hayly, liaiksdalo, Bariy, ffelclier, licM, Ben-
nett, Honnon, Boeoek, Boyec, Bieckinndge, Bridge,".,
Hrooka, Campbell, Carpentrr, Catdue, Chase, Ohastnm,
Chiireluvoll, Clinginan, Cobb, Colquitt, Craige, Croeker,
Curtis, Dunbar, Kastman, Faulkner, Fenton, Flaglei,
Franklin, Fuller, (lidding*, Coode, Coodrwh, Otow, Ham-
ilton, Aaron Harlan, Hamppon VV. Harrirf, Wi'ey P. H'irn<,
llasin)j;t<, Haven, Ihhhard, Hill, Hither. Houston, Hunt,
liigcrsoll, Darnel T. Jones, Ceoigo W. Jones, J. Clancy
Jones, Roland Jones, Kent, Kerr, Kidwell, Kitiredgc,
Kurt/., Lctcher, Lewi<,liyon, M.iedonald,McQueen, Mau-
rice, Maxwell, May, Middleswanh, Million, Morgan, Moi-
rison, Murray, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Peck, Peekharn, Pen-
nington, Jjishop Perkins, John Peikms, Phillip", Powell,
Pratt, Prittgle, Puiyear, ltee^e, Rogers, ilutfin, Seward,
Shaw, Shower, Simmons. Singleton, William Smith,
George VV. Smyth, John J. Ta\lor", Teller, Trout, Vamant,
Wade,Walsh, fsiael Wasshburn. John Wentworth, V^heel-
cr, Witte, Daniel B. Wright, and Hendnck B. Wught—1013.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
The question recurring upon reconsidering the
vote by which the bill was passed,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. 1 move the
House do now adjourn.
The'question was put; and the motion was not
agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the reconsideration of the vote by
which tne bill was passed.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and resulted—
yeas 100, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, David J. Bailey,
Thomas H. Hayly, P ark«dale, Barry, Belcher, Bennett,
Bef.son, Bocoek, Jjoyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, Biooks,
Carpenter, Caskie, Ciiaae, Cliastaiu, Cliurclivvell, Uiing-
man, Cobb, Colquitt, Craige, Crocker, Dunbar, Eastman,
Faulkner, Fenton, Franklin, Fuller, Giddings, Goode,
Goodrich, Goodwin, Grow, Hamilton, Aaron Harlari,
Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Hastings, Haven,
Hibbard, Hill, Ihllyer, Houston, Hunt, Ingersoll, Daniel T.
Jones, George W. Jones, Roland Jones, Kent, Kerr, Kid-
well, ICittredge, Kurtz, I.ctcher, Lewis, Macdonalcl, .Mc-
Queen, Maurice, Maxwell, May, Middleswanh, Millson,
Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Peck,
Peekham, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins,
Phillips, Powell, Pratt, Pringle, Puryear, Reese, Rogers,
Ruflin, Reward, Shaw, Shower, Simmons, Singleton,
William Smith, George W. Smyth, John J. Taylor, Teller,
Trout, Vansant, Wade, Walsh, Israel Washburn, John
Wentworth, Witte, Daniel B. Wright, and Hendrick B.
Wright- 1UU.
NAYS^-Mesars. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Appleton,
Ball, Bauka, Benton, Bliss, Bristow, Campbell,Caruthcrs,
Chandler, Chrisnmn, Clark, Cook, Cox, Cullom, Cumming,
Cutting, John O. Davis, Tnomas Davis, Dawson, Dickin-
son, Disney, Drum, Dunham, iSddy, 12dgertoD, Kdmands,
John M. Elliott, Kllison, English, Ethendge, Everhart,
Farley, Florence, Gamble, Green, Greenwood, Cfroy, An-
diow J. Hdilan, Haiason, Hendricks, llenti, Hughes,
Johnson, Knox, Lamb, Latham, Lindley, Lmdsley, Lyon,
McCulloch, MeDougall, Maey, MatLson, John G. Miller,
Smith Miller, Noble, Noiton, Olds, Mordeeai Oliver, Parker,
Phelps, Piestojn, Ready, Richaidson, Riddle, David Ritchie,
Tlioinas liitchuy, Robbins, Russell, Sabin, Sapp, Shannon,
►Samuel A. Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, ilestor L. Stevens,
Straub, Andrew Stuart, David Stuait, John L. Taylor,
Nathaniel G.Taylor, Thurston, Tweed, Upham, Wal bridge,
Walker, Walley, Wanen, Lllihu B. Waahburne, Wells,
T.ippan Wentworth, Westbrook, Yates, and Zoliicofier
—yi.
So the House determined to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 now move to
recommit the bill to the select committee; and
upon that 1 ask the previous question.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move the House do
now adjourn.
[Mr.GREEN", from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, heie reported as correctly enrolled bills of
the following titles; which thereupon received the
signature of the Speaker:
An uct to authorize the issue of a register to the
bark Foundling, of Boston; and
An act to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue a register to the bark Martha.]
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion to adjourn.
Mr. SOLLERS. Upon that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SOLLERS. 1 call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. SoLLEiisand
Hiiu$Ani> were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
twenty-eitfht in the normative—noes not counted.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr, WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask that the
demand for the previous question may be with-
drawn until a motion is submitted to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed. My object is, if the reconsideration be
had, to introduce an amendment in substance the
same as that presented the other day by the gen-
tleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Dunbar.}
[Cries of u Order !"J
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
is out of order. Discussion is not m order; and
the Chair now informs gentlemen that he will en-
force the rules of the House at all hazards.
The call for the previous question received a
second; and the mam question was ordered to be
now pat.
The question then recurred on the recommit-
ment of the bill to the special committee.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
[Cries of " Call the roll !"j
The question was taken on the recommitment
of the bill; and it was agreed to—yeas 105, nays
91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahercrombie, Aiken, David J. Bailey,
Thomas II. Bayly, Barksdale, Belcher. Bell, Bennett, Ben-
son, Boeock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridgos, Brooks, Camp-
bell, Caskie, Chase, Chastain, Churcliwell, Clinsrmaa,
Cobb, Colquitt. Craige, Crocker, Cullom, Dunbar, East-
man. .English, t'aulkuer, Fenton, Flagler,Franklin,Puller,
Guiding;}, Goode, Goodiieh, Goodwin, Grow, Hamilton,
Aaion Harlan, Sampson VV. Harris, Wiley P. Harris,
Hastings, Haven, Uibbard, Hill, Hillyer, Houston, Hunt,
Ingersoll, Daniel T. Jones, George W.Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Kidwell, Kittredge,
Kurtz, Lwehet, Lewis, Lyon, Macdonald, McQueen, 1
Maurice, May, Middle&warth, MiHson, Morgan, Morrison, !
Murray, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Peck, reckham, Pennington,
Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Phillips, Powell, Pringle,
Puryear, Reese, Rogers, Ruffin, Itusseil, Sapp, Seward,
Shaw, Shower, Simmons, Singleton, William Smith,
George W. Smyth, Stratton, David Stuart, John J. Taylor,
Teller, Trout, Vansant, Wade, Walsh, Wheeler, Witte,
Daniel B. Wright, and Hendrick B. Wright—105.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Alien, Appleton,
Banks, Barry, Benton, Bliss, Bristow, Bugg, Caruthers,
Chamberlain, Chandler, Chrisman, Clark, Cook, Cox,
dimming, Cutting, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Dawson,
De Witt, Dickinson, Disney, Dunham, Eddy, Edgerton,
Edmands, John M. Elliott, Ellison, Etheridge, Everhart,
Failey, Florence, Gamble, Green, Greenwood, Grey, An-
diew J. Harlan, Harrison, Hendricks, Henn, Hughes, John-
son, Knox, Lamb, Latham, Lindley, Lindsley, McOuiloch,
McDougall,Macy,Matteson,Smith Miller,Nichols,Noble,
Norton, Olds, Mordeeai Oliver, Parker, Phelps, Pratt,
Preston, Ready, Richardson, David Ritchie, Thomas
Ritehey, Robbins, Sabin, Shannon, Samuel A. Smith, Sol-
lers, Hestor L. Stevens, Andrew Stuart, Johu L. Taylor,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Tweed, Upham, Wal-
bridge, Walker, Walley, Warren, Ellihu B. Washbume,
Israel Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth, Tappan Went-
worth, Westbrook, Yates, and Zoliicofier—91.
So the bill was recommitted to the special com-
mittee of thirteen.
Previous to the announcement of the above vote,
Mr. Stuart, of Michigan, stated that he had voted
in the affirmative for the purpose of being enabled,
under the rules, to move a reconsideration.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I rise to what I con-
sider a privileged question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was recommitted;
and that that motion be laid upon the table.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee can have his motion for reconsideration
entered, but he cannot take the floor from the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Breckinridge,]
who states that he has a privileged question to
submit to the House. The Chair will now hear
the gentleman's privileged question.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. 1 suppose that a
privileged question can be considered at any time.
If the House will bear with me a moment 1 will
not abuse its patience.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. If the gentleman
have the unanimous consent to proceed, unani-
mous consent must also be granted for reply.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Texas bill re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means,
with accompanying papers; has been printed, and
is now in the possession of the House.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 object to discussion out
of order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Is it in order to ask
the unanimous consent for my proposition ?
The SPEAKER, it is.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I was going on to
make a brief preliminary statement, but as I have
been called to order, I suppose that I will not be
allowed to proceed in it.
[Cries of " Go on !"]
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House to hear the gentleman's statement?
Mr. SOLLERS, I move that t$e House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not the
floor to make the motion.
r. Mr. WHEELER. I object to debate.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Then, without fur-
ther words, I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to allow Senate bill No. 96, commonly
known as the Texas bill, to be made the special
order for oneday, Thursday, the 1st of February,
in order that it may be disposed of in one way or
the other.
[Cries of " Agreed !" " Agreed P'l
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If objection be made,
I shall move a suspension of the rules.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Then I move a sus-
pension of the rules for the purpose which I have
indicated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does not my
motion for reconsideration take precedence ? Mine
ia with regard to a special order, and the subject
now under consideration.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee will agree with the Chair on a statement of
the case. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Breckinridge] rose in his place, was recognized
by the Chair, and moved, as he had the right to
do, his motion for a suspension of the rules. The
right of the gentleman from Tennessee to recon-
