1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
857
sitler the vote of recommitment is not cut off.
Under the rule and practice of the House, it will be
entered, to be hereafter called up for consideration.
Mr. JONES. But this Pacific railroad bill is
the special order.
The SPEAKER. It is not the special order)
for it has been recommitted.
Mr. JONES. Has it not been the practice to
submit motions to reconsider, and dispose of them
at the time ?
The SPEAKER. That is the practice, when
the gentleman gets the floor, and first submits
such a motion. The gentleman from Kentucky
was recognized before the gentleman from Ten-
nessee. The Chair would have recognized the
gentleman from Tennessee, had he known what
was his object in rising.
Mr. JONES. I understand that the gentleman
from Kentucky only wants his motion entered.
Tne SPEAKER. Then the gentleman's prop-
osition, if there be no objection, will be now enter-
tained.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Does it require the
unanimous consent of the House, to allow the
question to be now taken on my motion for the
suspension of the rules?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Then I stand by my
motion.
The SPEAKER. If it be the pleasure of the
House, the motion of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will be entered, and the motion of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, to reconsider the vote by
which the Pacific railroad bill was recommitted to
the special committee, be considered at this time.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I understand the Chair
to decide that, when the gentleman from Kentucky
obtained the floor, there was no special order
intervening >
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir; and that the gen-
tleman from Kentucky has clearly the right to the
floor, and the motion which he has submitted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let me say a
word in regard to the motion of the gentleman
from Kentucky. If he will move that the bill
which he refers to shall be made the special order
of the day in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union for one day, and that, if unfin-
ished at the adjournment of the House, it shall
cease to be the special order, I shall support his
proposition; otherwise, I shall oppose it.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE, f have made my
motion, and it is With the House to reject, or
adopt it.
Mr. JONES. If the gentleman will move that
the bill be made the special order for one day,
and no more, I shall go with him.
[Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. WHEELER. I object to discussion.
Mr. JONES. I only wish to say to the House
that the effect of the gentleman's motion, if
adopted, will be this: If the bill is not acted on
during the day for which he proposes to make it
the special order, it will come up the next day as
the unfinished business.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I hope that I may
be allowed to state my motion again to the House:
It is, that the Texas bill be made the special order
of the day on Thursday, the 1st of February, and
I trust that the House will take it up and dispose
of it that day, and not throw it over from day to
day.
The SPEAKER. If made the special order
for one day, it will not remain the special order
for two days.
Mr. JONES. Letmeaak the Chair a question.
If the bill be considered in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union during the day
indicated, and, at the adjournmentof the House, it
is unfinished, will not the chairman of the com-
mittee, on its again assembling, decide that it
comes up as the unfinished business? That has
been the uniform practice heretofore; and when
appeals have been made the chairman's decision
has been sustained.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. When the vote
was being taken on the motion for recommitment
of the Pacific railroad bill, I gave notice of my
voting in the affirmative for the purpose of moving
a reconsideration. Have I not the right to sub-
mit that motion now ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
has been already submitted. !
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. TWEED. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Davis, of
Indiana, and Hughes were appointed.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to, the tellers having reported—ayes 94,
noes 86.
Whereupon the House (at fouro'clock,p. m.,)
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 23, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of
Hustwl and Kroehl, civil engineers, of New York,
praying to be authorized to remove the obstruc-
tions at " Hell.Gate," within ten years, and to
defray the expenses of the same by levying a ton-
nage duty on all vessels passing through them
during that period; which was referred to tns Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of Silas
Stockwell, praying permission to loeatea military
land warrant issued to William G. Shaw, and by
him transferred to the petitioner to secure a debt;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented the petition of
Cephise Piseros, widow of Louis Labranche, of
the parish of St. Charles, Louisiana, praying the
confirmation of her title to a certain tract of land
in said parish; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. RUSK presented additional documents in
the case of George Simpton; which were referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. GEYER presented a memorial of citizens
of the District of Columbia, jurors of the criminal
court, opposed to the bill for the reformation of
the judiciary of the District, and in favor of a con-
vention of the people of the District of'Columbia,
to prepare pnd report a code of laws for the gov-
ernment of the same; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Caleb Frye, one of the heirs of Nathaniel Frye,
an officer in the Revolution, praying to be allowed
commutation pay; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. BELL presented the memorial of Jean
Baptiste Faribault and Pelagie Faribault, praying
payment of the price agreed upon with the Secre-
tary of War, for the purchase of an island at the
confluence of the Mississippi and St. Pierre rivers,
for a military post; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of John
Guest, a Lieutenant in the Navy, praying com-
pensation for services in surveying the coast be-
tween Appalachicola, in Florida, and the Missis-
sippi; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial of Sol-
omon Andrews, praying compensation for the use,
by the Post Office Department, of his inventions
of the clam-shell lock for securing mail bags;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HUNTER presented a memorial of ship-
masters in the United States, praying" JUch further
legislation by Congress as will enable them to
enforce discipline, and prevent insubordination on
ship-board; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHASE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of John Garvin,
praying to be allowed compensation for disease
contracted while in the service of the United
States as adjutant in Colonel Cobeau's regiment
of Pennsylvania volunteers, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was agreed to. The report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Ray-
mond Williams, praying to be allowed back
pension, submitted an adverse report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed. I
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom were referred the petition of
Harriet H. Saunders, and the petition of Jane M.
Rudulph, praying to be allowed pensions, asked
to be discharged from their further consideration,
and that they be referred to the Committee on
Pensions; which was agreed to.
CONVICT AND PAUPER IMMIGRATION.
Mr. COOPER. I desire to lay the following
resolutions upon the table. To-morrow morning
I shall ask the indulgence of the Senate, for a few
minutes, to explain the reasons why they are
offered:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be,
and lie is hereby, respectfully requested to cause the Secre-
tary of Btatc and the Secretary of the Treasury, respect-
ively, to communicate to the Senate such information as
may be contained in their several Departments, relating to
tbe iransporlalion of convicts and paupers into the United
States from foreign countries, and what agency the Govern-
ments to which they belong have had m sending -them
hither. Also, such information as they may possess relative
to the voluntary immigration into the United States of ihe
above classes, the numbers of each that have arrived hero
within the last two years, whether voluntary or through
the compulsory agency of tbeir respective Governments.
Revolved, That the. Committee on tbe Judiciary be, and
the same is hereby, insiructed to inquire what legislation,
if any, be necessary to prevent tbe Governments of foreign
countries from transporting into the United Statps, con-
victs and paupers. Also, whether any, and what, legisla-
tion is necessary to prevent tbe voluntary immigration into
the United States from foreign countries of cither of the
above classes of persons.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. FOOT, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
establish a murine hospital at Burlington, Ver-
mont; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the Speaker had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills:
A bill for the relief of Sylvester Humphrey, and
the heirs of Alexander Humphrey, deceased.
A bill for the relief of the children and heira of
Major General Baron deKalb.
The President pro tempore signed the above
mentioned bills.
ZEBINA RAWSON.
On motion by Mr. PETTIT, the Senate, ns in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill from the House for the relief of Zebina
Rawson. It is to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Zebina Rawson on the
pension roll, at eight dollars per month, from
March 1, 1859, during life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading. It
was read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM HANKINS.
On motion by Mr. REID, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
House bill for the relief of William Hankins.
Its object is to authorize the Secretary of War to
pay him $24 4 80 in full discharge of all claim
against the United States, growing out of a con-
tract made August 15, 1835, for the delivery of
wood at Fort Johnston, North Carolina.
On the 15th of August, 1835, a contract in writ-
ing was made between Hankins and Lieutenant
J. H. Winder, acting assistant quartermaster, on
the part of the United States, by which he agreed
to deliver and cord inthewoodyard at Fort Johns-
ton, North Carolina, two hundred and thirty cords
of the first quality oak wood, to be delivered,
fifty cords by the 31st December, 1835; fifty cords
by the 1st March, 1836; fifty cords by the 1st
May, 1836; fifty cords by the 1st July, 183G; and
thirty cords by the 1st August, 1836; for which
he was to receive $4 89 per cord. Hankins de-
livered the first fifty cords of wood, for which he
received his pay. He delivered also fifty addi-
tional cords of wood, for which he^has, as yet,
received no pay. Lieutenant Winder having
been relieved from duty at Fort Johnston, ana
Major Saunders appointed to succeed him, a dis-
agreement arose between Major Saunders and
Hankins, in consequence of which no further de-
liveries were made. Hankins claims as due to
him the price of the two hundred and thirty cords,
alleging his readiness to comply with his contract
with the Government, deducting the fifty cords
