858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
already paid for; but payment is limited to the
price of the second delivery of fifty cords.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading. It
was read the third time, and passed.
PATENT LAWS.
Mr. JAMES. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill, reported from the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office, " to amend the several acts now
in force relating to the Patent Office," for the pur-
pose of making it the special order for Saturday
next.
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill; and,
on motion by Mr. JAMES, it was postponed to,
and made the special order for, Saturday next, at
one o'clock.
james wright, jr.
On motion by Mr. BELL, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
House bill for the relief of James Wright, jr., of
the State of Tennessee. It will increase his pen-
sion from $5 33 to $8 per month, from May 1,
1854, during his life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
gardiner's army dictionary.
Mr. BRODHEAD. At the last session I sub-
mitted a resolution,inquiring into the expediency
of purchasing a number of copies of Gardiner's
Dictionary of the Army. I ask for its considera-
tion at this time.
The resolution is as follows:
" Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of purcluifaing
  copies of Gardiner's Dictionary of the Army, lor
distribution among the Senators."
The resolution was considered, and agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. GrWIN. The copies of the Pacific rail-
road bill, which was reported by the select com-
mittee at the last session, and which is the first
special order after the bounty land bill, have been
disposed of. I move that it be again ordered to
be printed, so that each Senator may have it upon
his table.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVIGATION OF THE PATAPSCO.
Mr. PRATT. At the last session of Congress
I had the honor to report, from a select commit-
tee, a bill for the improvement of the navigation
of the Patapsco river, and to render the port of
Baltimore accessible to the war steamers of the
United States. I understand that the varioud bills
for interna! improvements have been made the
epecial order for to-morrow. 1 desire that that
bill may be taken up, to make it the special order
for the same time.
The PRES1 DENT. That order will be made,
unles# objected to.
There was no objection.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the Army
appropriation bill.
Mr. BR0DE3EAD. I hope that will not be
done. We can dispose of the bounty land bill
to-day. I think Senators are prepared to vote
upon it without further debate; and I hope that
my friend from Virginia will not press the Army
bill until we get through with it.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 have been waiting from day
to day under that hope; but the Army appropri-
ation biif is pressing on us. The chairman of the j
Committee on Military Affairs will tell you that !
it is necessary we should acton some of the prop- i
ositions which will probably be submitted to it.
I think we ought to take up the general appropri-
ation bills in preference to others.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope not.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Vir-
ginia moves to postpone the prior orders for the
purpose of taking up "an act making appropri-
ations for the sapport of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1856."
Mr. BRODHEAD. I must say that if the
bounty land bill be now postponed for the Army
appropriation bill, and we go on with the appro-
priation bills, it will be utterly impossible to get
it up hereafter; I look, therefore, on the motion
which the Senator from Virginia has made as a
test question.
Mr. SHIELDS. I think the honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania is mistaken in making
this a test question. I am decidedly in favor of the
bounty land bill; but the Army appropriation bill
has been suspended in this body foj a great many
days, waiting for some distinct action on the other
bill; and it cannot, in justice to the Army and the
country, be postponed longer. We cannot hang
up an appropriation bill in this way, waiting for
legislation on other bills, without really doing
great injustice to the public service and to our-
selves. I am in favor of the bill of the Senator
from Pennsylvania. 1 have stated that before;
and the honorable Senator knows it to be the case;
but, as a matter of imperative duty, I am compelled
to do what I can to aid the honorable Senator from
Virginia in bringingup the Army appropriation bill.
I hope the Senator from Pennsylvania will con-
sent to allow us to take it up without any conflict.
He ought not to make it a test question, because
some of us feel compelled to insist on the consid-
eration of the Army appropriation bill as a matter
of duty. I should regret, exceedingly, to see any
test taken on the bounty land bill which would do
it so much injuPtice. If it be done, it will be by
the honorable Senator, and not by the friends of
the bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Army appropriation
bill, I understand, has passed the House of Rep-
resentatives; the bounty land bill has not. That
is sufficient reason for proceeding with it; I hope
therefore, the motion will not succeed.
Mr. HUNTER. This is no test upon the
merits of either bill. It i3 a mere question of pri-
ority of business. I think that this appropriation
bill has already been lying here unacted on, as
loug as a general appropriation bill ever did lay
here without action of the Senate. It is time, it
seems to me, that we were proceeding to those
measures which are always considered first—the
general appropriation bills.
Mr. BRODI1 RAD called for the yeas and nays
on the motion; and they were ordered; and being
taken, resufted-ryeas 21, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Beniaimn, Bright, Brown, But-
ter, Clay, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Pit spat rick,
( eyor, Gwin, Hunter, Jrun«'S, Johnson, Morton, Peuit,
ShifUh, Toncey, Wade, Weller, and Wolls—Ql.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Belt, Brodhead, Cass, Chase,
Clayton, Cooper, Dawson, Dixon, Foot, Gillette, Houston,
Jones ot Tennessee, Pratt, Rod, Rockwell, Rusk, Seward,
Smart, Rumn<*r, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New
Jersey, and Wright—23.
So the Senate refused to consider the Army
appropriation bill.
extension op bounty LAND LAWS.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill " in addition
to certain acts granting bounty lands to certain
officers and soldiers who have heretofore been
engaged in the military service of the United
States," the pending question being on the motion
of Mr. Wellek, to add the following as an addi-
tional section:
Jind be it further enacted, That, from and after the
passage of this act, all persons now enrolled upon the
invalid pension list shall be entitled to rec ive, if a com-
missioned officer, twenty per cent, upon the amount now
allowed ; and 11011 commissioned officers and privates forty
per cent, on the amount now allowed or paid under existing
laws.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, if there beany
class of men in the country entitled to the con-
sideration o,f Congress, it is the class of invalid
pensioners.' Since the laws conferring those pen-
sions %vere passed, the value of money has largely
depreciated; and those men who have lost their
limbs in the public service are left without an
adequate support. If the provision made many
years ago was just then, it is unjust now. What
is the pittance of ninety six dollars a year to a
soldier who has lost his arm ? What is the pit-
tance of $360 a year to an officer who has lost a
right arm? If it was sufficient formerly, it is very
inadequate now; and, as I remarked in the outset,
if there is any class of men in the country en-
titletj to justice, and to the consideration of Con-
gress, it is this class of men. 1 shall vote, there-
fore, most cordially, for this amendment of my
friend from California.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This, I understand, to be
an amendment to the original bill, and not te the
substitute which I have submitted. I think there
are two decisive objections to it. It is out of time
and out of place; first, because there is already a
bill pending on thesubject, as I understand, which
does thesame thing that the amendment does; and
second, it seems to me that it is out of order. This
is a bounty land bill. The amendment which the
Senator from California offers, is a pension bill.
1 think they should be in separate bills.
The question being taken; the amendment was
decided to be rejected.
Mr. WELLER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The PRESIDENT. Itistoolate. TheChair
has decided the question.
Mr. WELLER. Well, I will take the oppor-
tunity of offering it when the bill shall be reported
to the Senate. It will .be in order then.
The PRESIDENT. The bill has been reported
to the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. I will present it at some other
time.
The PRESIDENT. If no other amendments
be offered, the question will be on the substitute
of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CLAYTON. I have an amendment, to
come in at the end of the first section of the bill,
to exclude from the original bill, as it stands,
deserters. The honorable Senator from Michigan,
yesterday, insisted upon it that deserters could
receive bounty land under this bill. Now, I intend
so exclude them by a positive provision that they
thall not be admitted to its benefits. I wish to
perfect the original bill before the question is taken
on the substitute. I move to insert, at the end of
the first section:
Provided, Thnt the person so having been in service,
shall not receive said land warrants, if it sixali appear that
he deserted or was dishonorably discharged from service.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I desire to submit a few
remarks in reply to what was said by the Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] yesferday, although
I shall do it very briefly. The Senator objected
to my argument, which, I stated to the Senate,
was made only to justify my own vote; and I
must say that f think he objected to it in language
quite denunciatory. Now, I propose to examine
the grounds on which that honorable Senator pro-
ceeded, and to see if he was correct.
In the first place, he sought to deny the effect
that I showed this bill would have upon the
Treasury of the United States; but, in the end, he
was forced to admit it, and he answered it by
saying that the lands were to go at any rate.
What is his reason for that statement? Why,
sir, that if they do not go under the provisions of
this bill, they are to go under the provisions of a
homestead bill, which, in his own language, is to
invite all the foreign pauperism of Europe here.
Let us age whether the Senator is right in that
conclusion. A homestead bill similar to that was
before the Senate at the last session, and it was
rejected, by substituting in its place a graduation
bill presented by [he Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Huntek.] The sense of the Senate at that time
was understood to be against a homestead bill.
Mr. DAWSON. As I do not desire to reply,
unless it becomes absolutely necessary, I will
correct the Senator at once. Thebili, as itpassed
the llouse of Representatives, is a different bill
from the one which we substituted. That substi-
tute is now pending in the House of Represent-
atives. There is as much ground for supposing
that one may pass as that the other will. I know
that a substitute was adopted here, embracing the
graduation system; but it hag not received the
sanction of the other House.
Mr. STUART. 1 think I shall show that the
Senator is still mistaken. I say the sense of the
Senate was taken upon a homestead bill, and was
a^linst it, and a graduation bill was substituted.
At the present session of Congress, in the House
of Representatives, the proposition has been re-
newed, and in a more favorable form, to suit the
views of gentlemen similar to those entertained by
the honorable Senator from Georgia, and it hag
been rejected by the House.
The Senator is also mistaken in supposing that
the homestead bill, as it was sent here by the
House at the last session, contained any invita-
tion to foreigners. The first section of that bill
provides: u That any free white person who is
the head of a family, or who has arrived at the
age of twenty-one years, and is r citizen of
