360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
" now a resident," in the sixth section of the'
homestead bill of the last session, were intended
to restrict the gift, in regard to foreigners, to those
who might be in the United States at the time of
the passage of the act; but it also spoke of a for-
eigner who, "at the time of making his applica-
tion for the benefit of this act, shall have filed his
declaration of intention as required by the natu-
ralization laws." Would not this have created a
doubt on the point? And would it not present a
strong inducement to future Congresses to pass a
aw extending the benefits of the homestead bill
to all persons who had signified their intention to
become citizens? Was I not, therefore, justified
in assuming that the effect of that homestead bill
would be, in a few years, to exhaust the whole of
the public domain? There would be no induce-
ment to a man to buy lands at the Government
price when he could get them for nothing. No
one would buy for speculation, for he could not
sell the lands. Thus all hope of realizing any-
thing from the public lands would be effectually
gone; and the public domain would be exhausted.
My friend from Michigan thinks this bill will
have the same effect. 1 have not denied it. I
founded my remarks upon what he declared, that
the public lands were to be exhausted, and not to
be a source of revenue. I based my argument
upon that statement of his.
Mr. STUART. 1 do not desire,sir, to con-
tinue this discussion any more than the Senator
from Georgia does; and I will not do so, but for
a single remark. The Senator has read the sixth
section of the homestead bill of last year, and sup-
poses that is an answcc to my position. The sixth
section constitutes only an exception to the gen-
eral rule. The general rule is laid down in the
first section, that, in order to receive benefit under
that act, a man must be a citizen of the United
States. Cut there is an exception made as to
those who are, at the time the bill passes, a resi-
dent ofthe States or Territories. Now, how does
the Senator reconcile that with his declaration that
that bill,as a whole, was an invitation to men to
come here from abroad, and take the public land ?
Sir, it could not be; because any foreigner who
should come here after the passage of the bill
would be obliged to live here five years, and be-
come a naturalized citizen before he could take
an acrc under it; and therefore the Senator's argu-
ment of invitation falls to the ground.
Sir, there wan another objection which 1 meant
to have stated in the outset. The Senator paid—
and 1 certainly thought that he satd it without
miffie.ient reflection—that [ had called upon the
representatives of the land States to rally against
this bill, and oppose anything like junticc to the
old soldierr, because it would be injuuous to the
interests of (he new States. Why, sir, I had an-
nounced my intention to vote for the substitute
offered by the Senator ftom Pennsylvania, which
gives to every soldier, and to every soldier'**
widow and minor child, one hunched and sixty
acres of land. Dut I had said alno, in terms that
could not be misunderstood, that I did not intend
to be driven into a bill for the purposes of a dis-
tribution of the public lands, under the pietcxt of
doing something for the old soldiers, when, in
fact, 1 showed that their one hundred and sixty
acres of hind would not be woith ten dollars.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the question
I understand to be on the substitute offered by the
honorable. Senator from Pennsylvania.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clay in
the chair ) The question is on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Drodiie\o,) as a substitute for the original bill.
Mr. SEWARD. The object of that substitute
is to reduce the amount of this appropriation. It
is a very laudable nnd proper object, if it can be
attained consistently and with justice. But it
{strikes me, sir, that the substitute is objectionable
on the ground that it attains that object inconsist-
ently and unjustly; that there is an antagonism
between the principles on which the substitute
rests, and the object of the bill which is under
consideration. I'he principle of the bill is to pro-
vide an acknowledgment, by way of donation, on
the part of the Government, to the officers and
soldiers who have served in the several wars in
which the United States have been engaged. If
the bill proposes to appropriate too laigc an
amount of the public lands, the reduction, to be
made consistently with the objects of the bill, must
be by reducing the amount of the public larnl
which is to be appropriated to each individual.
That, however, is not proposed. On the other
hand, the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
proposes that you shall give the largest quantity
of public lands which is asked by any person, to
each of the individuals whom he favors by his
substitute; but he reduces the aggregate amount
by striking out some of the classes who were to
come into the division. What are the classes that
he strikes at? They are the volunteers in those
wars. I object to this upon the ground that it is
inconsistent. There are two classes of soldiers in
all our wars—one, those who are known by the
name, not necessarily a reproachful one, of mer-
cenaries, or soldiers for hire, professional soldiers,
those who enlist for the compensation which
the Government renders. There is the other class
of volunteers; those who are not soldiers by pro-
fession, but who are in the civil avocations of life.
These volunteers are persons who are moved by
a spirit of patriotism irrespective of compensation.
They do not serve, generally, throughout the
whole of a war; but they enlist as volunteers, to
resist an invasion of a particular portion of the
territory of the United States, and to defend their
homes, their families, and their firesides. They
are, of the two classes, the most meritorious.
Moreover, they never engage in the public service,
except at some sacrifice—the sacrifice of the prof-
its of the civil occupations in which they have
been engaged; and often the engagement, for how-
ever brief a period, in the public service, results in
disastrous losses to them, and embarrassments in
their financial concerns. Such was the case of
the volunteers who resorted to the defense of
Plattsburg, in the war of 1812, from Vermont,
and from the State of New York. They drop-
ped their sickles upon the harvest field, and they
repaired and tendered their services, and supported
the tender of them with bravery, and with devo-
tion to the interests and glory of the country.
They never retired until they had driven the in-
vader back into the foreign country from which
he fame.
Now, then, to make a discrimination between
those who served as regular sohlier^and those who
served as volunteers under such circumstances,
is unjust, as it seems to me, and tends to dis-
courage tnat which m the most important military
institution of thiB country, ami of nil free countries,
that is, the militia. We murt always have a small
standing army. We have that only at the sacri-
fice of some republican principle, and at some risk
to republican institutions. Cut the true military
institution of a republican Government is the mili-
tia, and ihe true military spirit to be encouraged,
is the militia spirit of this land. We all know
how valiant and how effective thatauxihary was in
the war of IS 152; and we all know how loyal and
effective it was in the Revolution. You know,
sir, perhttpt* better than I do, [Mr. Ct.\y in the
chair] how effective it was in all the southern and
western campaigns during the war of 1H12.
U is on this ground, therefore, that I must make
up my mind, either to vote against this bill alto-
gether, or to go for it m the state in which it stands
now, so far as this question is concerned, i be-
lieve this disposes of the principal arguments in
favor of the substitute, except those contained in
the views which have been presented in the speech
which has been made to us by the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart.]
We lire alaimed by him by the aggregate
amount of the donation, it is, indeed, very large,
but it is only the casting up of a debt, and fright-
ening us from the payment of a debt, by showing
us how much we owe. If we attempt to pay at
all, we should pay all. If we attempt to reduce
the amount, to make a part of the loss fall on those
who are entitled to payment, then the loss should
fail equally, and not discriminating and establish-
ing classes between the beneficiaries.
Out, sir, in point of fact there is no very great
force in this objection. Five years ago the Secre-
tary of the Treasury reported to the President that
there could not be expected from the avails of the
public lands any revenue for the use of the Gov-
ernment for a period of eighteen years. It was
upon that hint that I went over to the support of
the homestead principle, because 1 considered that
a fund which was dried up for a period of eighteen
future years, wap practically dried up altogether.
The sum of ^150,000,000, at which the appro-
priation made by this bill is estimated by the
honorable Senator from Michigan, is $150,000,000
which the Treasury of the United States is never
to have. It must go in some way; either in a
homestead law, or under appropriations, the bene-
fits of which will inure to the country largely, or
be awarded to internal improvements, or educa-
tion. If the Treasury is never to be benefited any
more by any direct receipts as revenue from lands,
this bill commends itself, in the largest and most
liberal form, as a substitute for what I would have
in the homestead bill.
Nor do I think it is likely to prove so injurious
to the new States as the honorable Senator from
Michigan imagines; and I have no doubt he is
very honest, as I know he is very learned, in his
reasons on these subjects. I think the time has
practically gone by, sir, when large tracts of land
will be taken by speculators. That a large por-
tion of these lands will go into the possession of
persons who served in the wars; that another
large portion will go into the hands of their
widows and children, is also very probable; and
for the rest, if the land shall come to be so low in
value as the honorable Senator supposes, it will
afford no occasion for speculation. Speculators
will not purchase tracts so cheap to hold them,
and pay taxes on them until they advance in
market, more especially as there is no reason to
apprehend that the Government of the United
States will hereafter be less liberal in its grants of
public lands for public objects than it has been
heretofore. It may, for a time, affect the prosper-
ity ofthe funds of some one or more of the new
| States, but that will be but brief and temporary.
They will find, I think, their lands settled just in
proportion as the prices of the lands are reduced;
and with the occupation, and settlement, and cul-
tivation of their lands, their fiscal resources will be
improved more than the loss of this five per cent,
fund. Their educational institutions, also, will
find suppoit in new and ever multiplying settle-
ments, which will compensate them abundantly
for any temporary depreciation in the value ofthe
reserved lands for the support of that great interest.
Under these circumstances, 1 have made up my
mind to vote for the bill as it stands, in preference
to'the substitute of the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania.
j Mr. WJELLER. Before the question is taken
; on striking out the original bill, and inserting the
j substitute of the Senator from Pennsylvania, I
I have an amendment to offer to the original bill.
| It is to add, as an additional section:
i Sec. —. Jln<\ he it furfhrr enacted, That from and after
I the passage of this act, all persons now enrolled upon the
| invalid pension list, shall be entitled to receive, it a com-
i missioned officer, twenty-one per cent, upon the amounts
| now allowed; and non-commissioned officers and ptivcites,
j forty-two per cent, on the amounts now allowed or paid
j undfM exiling laws.
j I ask for the yeas and nays on that amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
aken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 13; as follows:
| YliAS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Benjamin, Brown, Cn««.
! Cha^e. Clay, Dixon, Dodge ot Wisconsin, Dodge of Xowa^
: I'VsM-mlwi, Gevcr, Houston, Johnson. Jones of Iowa, Jones
[ of Tennessee, Pettit, Reid, Rusk, S< basuan, Sewaid, &tu-
: art, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Toucev, Wade.
' Welier, Wells, and VVrjght—29.
[ NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Brainerd, Brodhead, Clayton,
; Cooper, Daws-on, Evans, Fish, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Gillette,
Mason, and Morton—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clay.)
; The question is now on the amendment of the
, Senator from Pennsylvania to strike out all of the
i bill after the enacting clause, and insert a substi-
j tute, which will now be read.
| The Secretary read it, as follows:
j 1 hat cach of the surviving commissioned and non-eom-
I missioned officers, musicians, and privates, whether of
, regulars, volunteers, rangers, or militia, who were regu-
; larly mustered into the service of the United States, and
I every officer, commissioned and non-eommibsioned, s-on-
i man, ordinary seaman, marine, clerk, and landsman, in
! the Navy, m any ol the wars in which this country ha*
been engaged since seventeen hundred and ninety, nnd
i each ot the survivor? ofthe militia, or volunteers, or State
; troops of any State or Territory, called into military service,
i and regularly mustered therein, and whose services have
; been paid by the United States subsequent to the eighteenth
( day of June, eighteen hundred and twelve, shall be entitled
j to receive a certificate or warrant from the Department of
! the interior for one hundred and sixty acres of land; and
l where any of tho^e who have so been mustered into service
, and paid, shall have received a certificate or warrant, he
i shall be entitled to a certificate or warrant for such qnan-
i uty of land as will make, m the whole, with wlut he may
