1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
361
have heretofore received, one hundred and sixty acres to
each such person having served as aforesaid: Provided, the
person so having been in service shall not receive eaid land
warrant, if it shall appear by the muster-rolls of his regi-
ment or corps that he deserted, or was dishonorably dis-
charged from service.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in ease of the
death of any person who, if living, would be entitled to a
certificate or warrant as aforesaid under this act, leaving a
widow, or, if no widow, a minor child or children, such
widow, or, if no widow, such minor child or children,
shall be entitled to receive a certificate or. warrant for the
same quantity of land that such deceased person would be
entitled to receive under the provisions of this act if now
living: Provided, That a subsequent maniage shall not
impair the right of any such widow to such wari ant, if she
be a widow at the time of making her application s Jlnd
provuled further, That those shall be considered minors
who are so at the time this act shall take effect.
Sec, 3. Jlndbeit further enacted, That in no case shall
any such certificate or warrant bo issued for any service
less than fourteen days, except where the person shall
actually have been engaged in battle, and unless the party
claiming such certificate or warrant shall establish his right
thereto by record evidence of said service.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it Jurther enacted, That said certificates
or warrants may be assigned, transferred, and located by
the warrantees, or their heirs-at-law, according to the pro-
visions of existing laws regulating the assignment, transfer,
and location of bounty land warrants.
Sec. 5. Jlnd he it further enacted, That no warrant is-
sued under the provisions of this act shall be located on
any public lands, except such as shall at the tune he sub-
ject to sale at either the minimum or lower graduated
prices.
Mr. BRODHEAD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered, and being taken, resulted
•—yeas 29, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Bright, Brod-
head, Brown, Butler, Cass, Chase, Clay,Dodge ot Wiscon-
sin, Dodcc of Iowa, Fitzpatrick. Geyei, Gwin, Houston,
Hunter, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mason, Prttit, lltid, Rusk,
Sebastian, Stuart, Sumner, Toucey, Weller, and Wright—
29.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Broinerd, Clayton, Cooper,
JDaw&on, Dixon, Douglas, Evans, Fesseuden, Fit-h, Foot,
Gillette. Jones of Tennessee, Morton, Pratt, Seward,
Thonip*on of Kentucky, Wade, and Wells—20.
So the substitute was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. X wish to offer an additional
section, simply to make the bill conform to the
present bounty land laws in respect to the execu-
tion of it by tne land officers. It is to add:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the registers and re-
ceivers of the several land offices shall be seveially author-
ized to charge and receive for their services in locating all
warrants under the provisions of this act, the same com-
pensation or percentage to which they are entitled by law
for sales ofthe public lands at cash, at the rate of$L&> per
acre ; the Mud computation to be paid by the a^higneca oi
holders of such warrants.
I will only say to the Senate, that I copied this
provision from the existing law in respect to the
location qj bounty land warrants.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I desire now to offer, as an
amendment to the bill in its present shape, the
same proposition which was, on my motion, added
to the original bill. It is to insert the following
as an additional section:
Sec   Jlnd be U farther enacted, That from and alter
tiie passage of this act, all persons now emolled upon the
invalid pension list shall be entitled to receive, if acorn*
iMNMoncd officer, twenty-one per cent, upon the amounts
now allowed ; and all non-commissioned officers and pri-
vates forty-two per cent, on the amount now allowed or
paid under existing laws.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have some doubt whether
an amendment of thi3 sort is in order at any time,
and especially at this time, when the bill is in its
present condition. I do hope that my friend from
California will not further embarrass this bill by
the introduction of new matter. This is a bounty
land bill, and I think that the matter of pensions
should come up in a separate and independent bill.
Mr. WELLER. I have no desire to embarrass
the bill; I am only laboring to put it in a shape
which "will justify me, and perhaps other Sena-
tors, in voting for it. If this amendment be in-
corporated in it, the bill will be a tolerably fair
one; unless it be inserted, it will, in my opinion,
be a very unfair one. 1 move the amendment,
therefore, in good faith. If it be adopted, I shall
vote for the bill, and if it shall not be adopted, I j
shall vote as I think best hereafter. |
Mr. DA WSON. I wish to ask my friend from j
California, whether the very persons he proposes
to include will not receive one hundred and sixty
acres under this bill? If that be so, it can do
them no injustice, for they get a bounty already
by way of pension, and one hundred and sixty
acres besides.
Mr. WELLER. My only object is, to make
better provision for those who, in my judgment,
have the strongest claims on the. Government; I
speak of those who have been broken down and
disabled in the public service. I desire to make a
strong distinction between the able-bodied inan
and the one who has lost a leg or an arm in the
military service. Under your present pension
laws, if a man has lost a leg or an arm, he receives
eight dollars per month; and where a man has
lost both legs, if a private, he is entitled to sixteen
dollars a month. This, in my judgment, is no
remuneration at all; I desire to go further than
this. I think these men have a stronger claim,
not only on the sense of justice, but on the sym-
pathies of Congress, than the able-bodied men
who are asking you for one hundred and sixty
aciesof land. I make a distinction, I say,between
one who served ten days and received no wounds,
and one who served, perhaps, two or three years
and was forever disabled by that service.
Mr. MASON. The bill as it now stands-
amended by the substitute proposed by the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania, which has just been
adopted, is in such a condition as will require me
to vote for it; but I wish to say that in voting for
it, I do not act according to my own sense of what
may or may not be right in the subject-matter. It
was the pleasure of the Legislature of Virginia, at
their last session, to instruct their Senators to vote
for a bill giving to all who were engaged in the
war of 1812—substantially engaged, I mean—
and to the widows and minor children of such as
may be dead, an amount of land which, with what
they have already received, will amount to one
hundred and sixty acres for each. I have, there-
fore, no discretion in the matter. How I should
exercise that discretion, if I were at liberty, it is,
perhaps, unnecessary to say; but in giving the
vote which I shall give for the bill, if it remains
as it is, [ shall be deferting to the opinion of the
General Assembly of Virginia, whom I consider
a<3 my constituents, that it is wise that this justice
should be done; but if the amendment proposed
by the Senator from California prevails, it will
materially alter the bill. _ Wiiat other votes it may
lose, I do not know, but my impression is that it
must lose mine.
Mr. RUSK. T should not trouble the Senate,
but for the fact that a few foinutes ago 1 voted for
this amendment to the original bill by mistake. I
supposed the question was on the substitute of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, and voted "aye."
I had no idea it was upon the proposition of the
Senator from California. I have no objection, if
these pensions are too sirmll, to increase them
upon proper investigation; but it is improper to
add such a pension to this bill. There ore agreat
many pensioners who have come in under the
general law and received, as the Senator from
California says, some eight dollars and some six-
teen dollars a month; but 1 remember that there
are others who come m at a very high figure, the
pension, to some of them, I think, being thirty or
forty dollars monthly. I know that a number of
bills of that description have passed here within
my recollection, giving pensions enormously large
in proportion to those received by others. Now,
this amendment adds to the pension of both
classes twenty per cent. The truth is, it is not
appropriate to this bill. It is a matter which
should be investigated and acted on with an un-
derstanding of what we are really doing.
In the first place, it is not, as I said, appropri-
ate to this bill; in the second place, we have had
no investigation of a committee on the subject;
and, in the next place, it is not doing strict justice
to the pensioners themselves, because it increases
all. It makes no discrimination. It increase^ the
pensions of these poor men who, under the pension
laws, receive only eight dollars a month, and at
the same time makes a proportionate higher in-
crease to those who receive forty dollars a month,
as some do under special laws. Under such cir-
cumstances I shall vote against the amendment.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to say that I shall vote
in favor of the amendment moved by the Senator
from California; and by way of explaining my
reasons for doing so, I will state that I adopt the
speech the Senator made as my own—I mean the
last speech he made; I do not mean to pass any
judgment on the merits of his first one. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CHASE. I voted for this amendment be-
fore, upon the grounds which have been so well
assigned by the Senator from California. I prefer
it, however, very much in the shape in which he
originally offered it. As it now stands, it pro-
vides for an increase of twenty-one per cent, to
one class and of forty-two per cent, to another
class. It will be difficult of execution in its pres-
ent shape, and I would suggest to the Senator to
restore it to its original form of twenty per cent,
and forty per cent.
Mr. WELLER. I accept that modification.
Mr. CHASE. I shall vote for the amendment
as it now stands; but I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from California whether, in order to avoid
the objection of the Senator from Texas, it would
not be better to make it apply to those pensions
which are granted by general laws and not by
special acts. That class of pensions, to th« opera-
tion of this bill upon which the Senator from Texas
objects, are all of them created by special laws. If
the amendment is made applicable only to pensions
granted by general laws, it can by no possibility
work any injustice; on the contrary, it makes the
pensions now simply equal to what they would
have been at the time they were originally granted.
The depreciation in the value of money, the ad-
vance in the price of all the articles of subsistence,
is such that to add this amount to these respective
pensions would really do nothing more than carry
out the original intention of the framersof the act.
Looking upon it in this light, and hoping that the
Senator may think proper to modify it so as to
apply to general laws, I shall vote for it.
Mr. WELLER. I have no objection to that.
The PRESIDENT. Is the modification ac-
cepted ?
Mr. WELLER. It is.
Mr. DADGER. So as to include pensioners,
whose pensions have been granted by any general
law or laws.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I have an amendment to offer
as an additional section:
,ftnd be it further cuactcJ, That the provisions of this act,
and all the bounty land laws heretofore passed by Congress,
f-hall be extended to Indians, in the same manner, and to
the same extent, aa if the said Indians had been white
men.
The amendment was adopted unanimously the
other day, and if nobody is disposed to discuss it,
I am not.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DU I'LliR. I understand that by the pro-
visions of the substitute just adopted, widows of
revolutionary officers and soldiers are excluded.
1 wish to put them on an equality with Indians,
[laughter,] and therefore I move this amendment:
Jlnd he it further cnacted, That the widows of officers
and soldiers of the revolutionary war be entitled to tho
benefits of this bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, if it is the
intention of the Senate to proceed with these
amendments, and thus to break down the bill
again, going over the same ground we have before
gone over, of course, I can interpose no objection;
but 1 hail hoped that when we took a vote on
the substitute which I offered, there would be an
end of these amendments. They have heretofore
been introduced into the original bill, and they
have been voted out by the adoption of the sub-
stitute. The scheme which I presented as an
entire scheme, has been adopted by the Senate in
opposition to the amended bill. Now, it does
seem to me that any further amendments, as ad-
ditional sections, to include what we before rejected,
are out of order. I endeavored to obtain the
yeas and nays on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from California, which introduced
new matter relating to pensions, but I could not
obtain them. I shall not trouble the Senate much
more on this subject.
Now, in regard to the amendment offered by
the Senator from South Carolina, giving lands to
the widows of soldiers of the Revolution, I have
to say there are but very few living, if any.
Mr. BUTLER. Why should they not have
it?
Mr. BRODHEAD. Thegentleman from South
Carolina asks "why should they not have it?"
and Senators from other States will say "why
should not this class have it?" and thus you will
have the bill in such a shape that it cannot be ex-
ecuted. The Senate have admitted this by adopt-
ing the substitute which I offered. I trust they
will adhere to the determination evinced by the
adoption of that substitute.
