1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
863
ernor of the State replied to him " Come and take
them." The British made an attack upon the
town, which lasted during the night. They bom-
barded it. Men from the country all around the
neighborhood were summoned immediately, with-
out a call from the General Government, to defend
the town and their firesides. Those men marched,
some of them, from twenty to thirty miles with their
muskets. Two or three thousand men having
assembled at Leweston, they succeeded in defend-
ing tne town against the British forces.
Those men arejust in the situation of the Platts-
burg volunteers. They have received nothing
from the Government. The bill, as it now stands,
excludes them. Worthier men than many of them
are probably not to be found. 1 see no principle
on which others are to be paid and they excluded.
The whole affair was, perhaps, as creditable to the
country as any other which occurred at that lime.
The town was successfully defended by the valor
of these men, and they ought not to be refused a
participation in the benefits of the bill merely
because they were not mustered into the service,
but went forward at the call of the Governor of
the State, from a sense of duty, with their weap-
ons, to defend one of the towns of the country
which was attacked by the enemy. I hope my
friend willaceept the modification which I suggest.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 shall say nothing on the
amendment; I simply ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOOT. I shall" very cheerfully vote for
the proposition of the honorable Senator from
Delaware, as a separate and independent one; but
I prefer that the vote should be taken upon my
amendment, as it now stands, without any moll-
ification, for the reason that, if I accept the prop-
osition of the honorable Senator from Delaware,
1 shall receive like appeals from other quarters,
and I prefer that each proposition should stand
independently, on its own merits. For this rea-
son I must beg to be excused from accepting the
proposition of the Senator from Delaware as part
of my amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment, resulte$—-yeas 26, nays 8; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bell, Brainerd, Bright,
Cia\,
Fi "
, Clayton, Cooper, Dawson, Douglas, Fessenden,
*h, Font, Gillette, Houston, UhkJ, Rockwell, Seward,
Shields, Stuart, Sumner, Thomson of Kentucky, Wade,
Weller, VVViU, and Wright—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Bmdhead, Brown, Dodge of Iowa,
Fitzpairiek, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Mason, and Rusk—8.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to insert after
" 1812," in the firstseciion of the bill as it stands,
the words 4< and of any armed force employed by
any Siate in defenae of its territory, and whose
services have been paid for by the United States."
Mr. BRODHEAD. I raise a question of order
on that amendment. It proposes to amend the
substitute which has been adopted. 1 do not
think that is in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. AH these amendments
are propositions to amend the substitute. That
is the nature of the amendment which has been
offered by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. FOOT. The Senator can offer his propo-
sition as an additional section. Then it will be in
order.
Mr. WELLER. It is not in order to modify
the substitute which has been adopted; but addi-
tional sections can be added to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I offer the amend-
ment as an additional section.
Mr. STUART. I should like to know the
phraseology of the section which it is proposed to
add.
Mr. WELLER. The only difficulty is whether,
if adopted, it will not be inconsistent with the sub-
stitute already adopted by the Senate. We may
add it as a new section, provided it does not con-
flict with that which has already been passed on
by the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot see how it con-
flicts with the bill, any more than does any other
amendment which has beerc-adopted. There have
been several amendments adopted, adding new
clauses. This is exactly of that class.
The PRESIDEN 1\ Jt is for the Senate, and
not for the Chair, to say whether or not the
amendment is inconsistent with what has already
been agreed to*
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is to provide for a
class whose services have been paid for by the
United States, and is clearly in conformity with
the present provisions of the bill, although it is
offered as an addition to the bill,
Mr. WELLER. I understand that the substi-
tute which has already been adopted, piovides
that none shall be entitled to the benefits of the
bill, unless they have been mustered into the ser-
vice-of the United States. Now, the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Maine is to go be-
yond that, and to give land to those who have not
been mustered into the service of the United
States, but who were called out by State author-
ity, and were subsequently paid by the United
States. It seems to me, therefore, that, to this
extent, it is in direct conflict with that portion of
the bill to which 1 have already alluded, which
requires that the beneficiaries under the bill must
have been mustered into the service of the United
States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Cali-
fornia is certainly m error. As was explained
the other day, there are two main clauses in the
bill, one providing for those soldiers who have
been called out and mustered into service by the
United States, and the other for those who have
been called out by the States, and mustered into
the military service by them, and not into the ser-
vice ot the United States, but who have been sub-
sequently paid by the United States. These are
the two classes proviued for by the bill. My
amendment provide* for a class who were not
ngulariy called out as soldiers, and who were not
mustered into service, because there was no time
to muster them when they were called out, but
who weresubsequenlly recognized by theGovern-
ment of the United States m the same manner
with those who were called into the military ser-
vice, and regularly mustered and paid by them.
That is all. It applies only to a very small class
of persons in one Slate.
I may add, what i said the other day, that, under
the existing bounty land law of 1852, a large
portion of these men received bounty land; but
when a new Secretary came into office, he placed
a different construction on the law, and refused to
grant patents to this class; so that, as the matter
stands now, a portion of them have received
bounty land, and another portion have not re-
ceived it. This amendment is to provide for those
who have not been treated as the favored portion
have been. They have been recognized by the
Government of the United States, by their services
being paid for, and i see no reason why they
should be excluded from this bounty. My amend-
ment is:
And be it further enadol, That the provisions of this act
shall be extended 10 any armed forei* employed by any
Stale in defense of its teirdory, and whose seivices have
been paid lor by tiie Uuiied Stales.
Mr. STUART. Now, I think the Senate may,
if they choose, come to an understanding: as to
what shall be done with this bill. Here is a clear
case. The Senator from Maine fays the amend-
ment only applies to a few individuals in one State.
Tl eyare known to be those who were called outby
the State of Maine during the troubles respecting
her boundary—a trouble which has sometimes been
denominated the Aroostook war; they were in no
actions; they were in no condition of sufferings;
they were called out but a few years ago, when there
was plenty, as there is now, in the State of Maine.
They were as well taken care of as any individuals
could be away from their own homes under such
circumstances. They performed no service in war.
There was no public enemy for them to encounter.
There was no declaration of war. It was a sim-
ple qu-stion of boundary between the State of
Maine and a foieign Government, which was sub-
sequently adjusted by treaty. The State liberally
paid for the time of the men, and the Government
of the United States has refunded the money which
she paid. Now, I ask if, in any sense, such men
are to be considered as on an equal footing wi<b
the soldiers of the Revolution, and the soldiers of
the war of 18IS?
Sir, I differed from the honorable gentleman
who lias charge of this bill, in respect to the pro-
priety of seeking to exclude the soldiers of the
Revolution and their widows, and I have voted
d.fferently from him on that question; although
1 certainly award him merit Jor his motives in
seeking to keep this bill in a form in which it will
not be very objectionable. I also voted for the
amendment of the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont. There is a similarity between the condi-
tion of the men included in the bill and th>se for
whom that amendment provides. They volun-
teered and went to Plattsburg. They exposed
their lives; they were ready to go to any extent.
It was at a time when men suffered. It was a
time when it required stout hearts to volunteer in
the service of the country against a foreign enemy
in the field. But, sir, to undertake to extend the
provisions of a bill for the benefit of such individ-
uals who served their country in the i^ost patriotic
manner, to persons called out to settle a simple
question of boundary in a State, when there was
no war, it seema to me, is to introduce into the
bill a principle which is without propriety or limit-
ation.
As I have said, I think the Senate may here,
with propriety, if I may be allowed the sugges-
tion, determine, by a vote of yeas and nays on
this amendment, the character of the bill. 1 con-
fess that, if the Senate, on the call of the yeas and
nays, shall express their sense in favor of putting
in this provision, we may as well go back and
bring in the doldiers of the Patriot war, those
engaged in the boundary disputes between Ohio
and Michigan, and between Iowa and Missouri;
and in every other difficulty which has ever existed
in this country, so as to give bounty land to a
man who never shouldered a musket; and all this
when we are pretending—I say pretending, sir-r-
to do something for the soldiers of 1812.
Mr. SHIELDS. Do not forget the Mormon
war.
Mr. STUART. Yes, certainly; the Mormon
war, and everything of this kith and kin. I ask
for the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I have no
desire that the Senate should vote under any mis-
apprehension in regard to this amendment. I do
not pretend that there is any peculiar merit in the
case; nor do I perceive that there is any very
peculiar merit in a large portion of the cases cov-
ered by the bill. The Senate will observe that
the bill, as it now stands, covers all those cases
where the country was actually at war, where
soldiers were out for fourteen days. The Senate
very well understand that in those fourteen d.iya
they saw no battle, they went into no conflict,
they were exposed to no danger, they suffered
nothing, but were merely mustered into service,
and kept for a time, until their presence was found
unnecessary. Very frequently men were sum-
moned for the protection of the sea-board, and
were kept together for a few days, and then dis-
charged and sent home. The provisions of the
bill apply to all these.
The Senate will excuse me for saying that I do
not understand that it is the sole object of the bill
to pay men for actual services and sufferings; but,
so far as it applies to men at all, it is founded on
the idea that they were ready to turn out when
their country needed their services, and to render
assistance if their assistance should be found
necessary. That I take to be the leading prineij le.
It is not asked whether any particular soldier was
in battle, or was exposed to severe or peculiar
danger. I consider that a very large portion of the
bill is a meregratuity—a gratuity which Congress
are disposed to afford more for the sake of encour-
aging a spirit which will lead men to defend the
country, than to reward particular services which
have been rendered.
In manifesting this disposition to serve the
country on a particular occasion, in defense of the
territory of the United States, which forma a part
of the territory of a State, against a public enemy,
a foreign foe, I do not see that it makes a great
difference whether war has been declaied previous
to the rendition of the service or not. In this
particular case, no war was existing between the
United States and Great Britain; hut Great Britain,
acting through the Province of New Brunswick,
sent an armed force of soldiers into the territory
of the Siate of Maine, and seized arid carried < ff a
number of its citizens. This was on the frontier,
in the woods,away from settlements; but the news
was brought to the seat of Government. A force
of volunteers was raised on the in-tint, to go up
and defend the territory of Maine, which was also
the territory of the United States. It formed part
of the United States. These men went there, and
