364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
served without being mustered into actual service,
and protected that portion of the country from the
soldiery of a foreign foe until a sufficient force
could be raised and regularly mustered into the
service to perform the same duty. They served
longer, in point of fact, than those who were reg-
ularly mustered. There was no war declared;
there was no actual fighting after they went there;
for their very presence protected the country, and
protected themselves. Sir, it was not an easy thing
to march into the woods, as they did, in the mid-
dle of winter, and spend months there. I do not
pretend that they are, therefore, entitled to this
bounty; but I say they are just as much enti-
tled to it for the spirit that they manifested, for
the ardor they felt, and for the willingness they
showed to protect the country—because it was the
country at that time—as others who were mustered
into the service in the course of a war, and who
were out for, perhaps, fourteen days, because four-
teen days' service is the limitation in the bill.
Further, I will say that those services thus ren-
dered have been recognized by the Government of
the United States as rendered to the United States,
and the men have been paid as soldiers, in the
same mariner as those who were subsequently
mustered and took their places, were paid, and
who will receive bounty land under this bill, in
my judgment.
Tins is a simple statement of facts in regard to
the circumstances. As I said before, part of these
men have actually received land under the act of
J6S2, and a part have not. It is for the Senate,
under these circumstances, to say whether they
are or are not entitled on the principle of the bill.
The principle is not that of having seen a battle,
not of halving actually bled or exposed themselves
to danger and suffering in actual conflict in defense
of the country. They do not come under that
category; but allow me to say again, that a large
portion of those included in the bill, as it stands,
do not come within that category. It is for the
Senate to Say whether those meritorious men shall
be included or not. I leave the question m their
hands.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President,! shall be com-
pelled to vote against this amendment. It seems
to me that there is no shadow of justice in it.
These men were called out by the authorities of
the State of Maine, to aid the Governor of that
State in extending its laws over what it claimed
to be its territorial limits. Now, if you extend
your bounty land system to those men, I cannot
see why you should not extend it to those persons
who may have been called out by the Marshals of
the United States to aid in the execution of the
laws of this Government. Unfortunately, some-
times, because of' sectional feeling in particular
localities, the United States Marshal is required
to call upon a military force, or to procure a
poise to aid him in the execution of the laws of
the Union. Every man so called out is as much
entitled, in my judgment, to bounty land from
this Government as those troops who were called
out by the Scate of Maine. Sir, it seems to me
that it would be an insult to call these men sol-
diers of the United States. There was no public
enemy m the field for them to meet. There
was a question of boundary in dispute; and the
Governor of the State, in order to execute the
laws, within what he deemed to be the limits of
that State, called for these military services. I
think the Government of the United States went
quite far enough in paying the troops so called
out. Surely they have no sort of claim upon us !
for bounty land. If, however, they are to rcceive
it, I should be willing to extend the measure so far
as to take in all the military forces who have
been called out in JVew England and other portions
of the Union to aid in executing the laws of
this Government,
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate will observe
that there is a great difference between a contest
with the soldiers of a foreign Government and a
mere domestic quarrel at home.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, it
seems to me that the argument of the Senator
from Maine, in support of his amendment, when
stripped of verbiage, is, that, his is a bill of plunder
and pillage, and being so, he is in for a portion of
that plunder and that pillage for the benefit of his
constituents. Sir, this bounty land bill, like every
other bill upon which we legislate, is in danger
trom excess. You can scarcely adopt any bounty
land system when there is not the most imminent
peril of destroying it, from the very excess to
which it is carried. With this bill, we have
arrived at a point when we are to decide whether
it is to be kept within some reasonable limits, or
whether it is to be spread out as it was before the
substitute of the Senator from Pennsylvania was
adopted.
Allow me to say, sir, although I do not see how
I can vote for the bill, unless it be kept within
proper and reasonable limits, that there is not a
created man who more highly appreciates their
services, and who is more desirous of rewarding
the soldiers of the Revolution, and of the war of
1812, than I am. I am willing to go as far as to
vote for the bill as it has been amended by the
adoption of the substitute of the Senator from
Pennsylvania. It embraces the militia who served
for four or five years in the State of my friend
from Florida, who have already received forty
acres. Eyery one of them will get one hundred
and twenty acres more, without any trouble,
under this bill as it stands. The bill as it stood
before the substitute was adopted, embraced the
men who were called out by the proclamation of
Mr. Van Buren, in 1837-'8, during the Patriot
war, which he sought to suppress. The original
bill was extended beyond any bounds to which it
could reasonably go, and the question is presented
to individuals like myself, who are most anxious
to vote something to the soldiers of the war of
1819, and of the Revolution, and their heirs,
whether we can support the bill or not. Certainly
we cannot, if it is to be extended beyond its
present limits.
I hope and trust the Senate will reject the
amendment of the Senator from Maine, and stop
where they are now; because, if this amendment
shall be adopted, its effect will be to bring in
others, and we shall have a struggle such as is wit-
nessed on a log-rolling internal improvement bill.
When you bring up a bill of that character, there
are certain national objects on which all agree;
but immediately each member seeks to get some-
thing for his district or State, whether expedient
oil principle or not. That seems to be the case
now m reference to this matter. I trust the amend-
ment will be rejected, and that we shall keep the
bill within such bounds as those who feel like I do
can vote for it.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, I desire to say
a few words merely for the purpose of explaining
the vote which I expect to give upon this bill. I
have every desire to make full, fair, and ample
compensation to every man who may have ren- >
dered, or may hereafter render, service to the I
country, either m a military or a civil capacity; J
but in doing that, I cannot consent to perpetrate i
a palpable act of injustice. If I understand the !
bill right, it gives to the ruan who served for four- I
teen days precisely the same bounty land as it 1
gives to the man who served for three, or four, or i
five years. Such a mode of compensation is out- J
rageously unjust to those who served a longtime. 1
That I cannot sanction, whatever may be my
desire (and I profess to have an anxious wish) '
to fully compensate those who have rendered ser-
vices to the country. The man who went out and j
remained fourteen days, and then returned to the
care of his family and to his business, and there-
alter remained at home, is, according to this bill,
to receive the same compensation as the man who
went to the camp, and remained under arms for
a year, or for a number of years, to the detriment
of his private business. This is an act of injus-
tice to which I cannot consent.
We can only grant these bounty lands, it seems ,
to me, on the assumption, which I have no doubt 1
is correct, that the Government did not pay these i
brave men a fair compensation for their services, f
Whenever you make a proposition as a gratuity 1
to any man, or any set of men, I cannot vote for j
it; nor can I agree to consent to the palpable in-
justice which this bill does to the meritorious class
who served for a long period. I shall, therefore,
vote against this bill as it stands; although I should
be pleased to pay every man who has not been
fully paid a fair compensation in proportion to the
service which he rendered to the country.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I move to amend the
amendment by adding the words "or Territory,"
after'< State." 1
to.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
The question recurring on the amendment as
amended, it was taken by yeas and nays, and
resulted—yeas 16, nays 30; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Benjamin, Brown, Clayton,
Cooper, Douglas, Fessentfen, Foot, Gillette, Mallory, Mor-
ton, Prott, .Rockwell, Sumner, Wade, and VVells—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, lieli, Aright, Urodhead^
Cutler, Clay, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa, Evan?, Fitzpatnek, Geyer,Gwin, Houston, Hunter,
James, Jones of Iowa, Mason, Petut, Eeid, Rusk, Sebas-
tian, Shields, Smart, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of
New Jersey, Toucey, Weller, and Wright—30.
So it was rejected.
Mr. SHIELDS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment in the form of an additional section. It re-
fers to non-combatants, it is true, but, at the same
time, it ought to meet the approbation of the Sen-
ate. It is to make the bili apply to chaplains who
served with the Army in the various wars; and
although they took no part in the lighting, they
still should get this bounty:
Sec. ~ Jlnd be it further enacted, That the provisions
of this bill shall apply 10 the chaplains who served both
with the Army, and in the several wars of the country.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am under the impression
that my colleague is mistaken in supposing that
the chaplains took no part in the fighting. I know
some who did as much fighting as praying. Some
of them were the most efficient men in the Army
—particularly in the western wars. I do think
they ought to be placed on an equality with the
soldiers. [Laughter.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in ae an additional proviso at the
close of the first section:
Jlnd "provided also, That where any such officers, sol-
diers, or volunteers may have been called out under the
authority of any State, they shall be entitled to the benefits
of this section, although not paid by the United States.
Mr. BRODHEAD called for the yeasand nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I wish to amend that
amendment. I know that my friend from North
Carolina will, with great pleasure, accept what I
propose, when I suggest it to him. He always
desires to be comprehensive and embrace as many
as possible. My amendment is to add the words
" or Territory," after " State."
Mr. BADGER. I will do it with pleasure,
if my friend will vote for the amendment after 1
have accepted his modification.
Mr. DODGE^ of Iowa. That, I announce
most positively, I will not do. I will make no
bargain with my friend.
Mr. BADGER. Ah! then, I cannot accept it.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa to the
amendment
The question was taken; and it was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
the amendment as amended.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If that be agreed to, I
look upon it as the destruction of the whole bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Mes&r>. Badger, Benjamin, Clayton, Coonei,
Douglas, T,van% Fessenden, Foot, Gillcttf, Morton, Pratt
Rockwell, Seward, Sumner, and Wade—15. '
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Brainerd, Bright, Brod-
riead, Brown, Clay, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dtid''e
of Iowa, Fitzpatnck, Geyer, Houston. Hunur.
Jones of xowa, Ma&on, Pettit, Reid, Rusk, rtebas jan,
Mr i. 3 !u,xrr? ThomPs<>n of Kentucky, Toucey, Welier,
Wells, and Wnght— 28. >
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLAYTON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
be if further enacted, That the provNons
ot this act be applied to those who served a<« vohmffv-t < at
tne attack on Lewmown, m Delaware, by Hie ISmMi licet
in the war of 1812-']5, ' '
The principle which has been applied to the
Fiattsburg volunteers, applies exactly to these,
ihere was no time for the Government to call
them out and muster them into the service. The
fleet was in the bay. It made an attempt to lay
the town under contribution. The people of the
otate resisted. They came from all quarters as
soon as the cannonade commenced, served as
long as the fleet remained m the bay, and then
returned to their homes. They fought as gal-
lantly as any men in this country. They defended
the town against the whole British fleet, who
bombarded it for three days and nights. Many
of those men were never on the muster-rolis of
