1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
365
the Army; but they stand in the same situation as
the Plattsburg volunteers. Senators must cer-
tainly be well enough versed in the scenes of the
last war, to know the history of that bombard-
ment. The British fleet exhausted all their
ammunition upon it before they retired; and
when they got home, they reported that they had
bombarded a walled town. It stands upon the
entrance of the ocean, open and high, and they
believed, because it stood the shot so well, that it
was a walled town, and that, therefore, they did
not succeed.
These men stand precisely on the ground of the
Plattsburg volunteers. There was no time for the
Government to muster them into the service. The
British commenced the attack. As soon as the
alarm was given these volunteers assembled in
defense of the country. They defended the soil
as long as there was any danger, and then re-
turned home. Hundreds of them have never been
paid a cent.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I do not rememher
exactly the phraseology of the amendment of the
Senator from Delaware.
Mr. CLAYTON. It is precisely similar to the
Plattsburg amendment.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I think, sir, there is
an important omission in it, to which I wish to
call his attention. I apprehend it does not provide
for the gallant mothers and daughters who run
shotfor, and sustained, and assisted those suffer-
ing and fighting soldiers during that attack of
three successive days and nights; and who, if the
males are entitled to bounty land, certainly ought
not to be neglected. [ merely draw my friend's
attention to that. I am sure that will be sufficient
to lead him to insert the necessary words.
Mr. CLAYTON. My friend from Iowa may
spare his patriotic sensibility. I will simply state
a fact, upon the occasion to wiiieh I have re-
ferred, the British commander sent a messnge to
the Governor of Delaware, who was in Lewis-
town, before he commenced his attack, to let the
women and children be carried from the town.
The answer was, "Fireaway; they are already
taken care of.'' They had been taken three miles
away. There is no need, sir, of the amendment
of the Senator from Iowa. We always takegood
car<e of the women and children in Delaware.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I am glad to hear it;
but I must say, in reference to the western coun-
try, that there are numerous cases in which
mothers and daughters have performed the ser-
vices to which I have alluded, when their settle-
ments were attacked in the night, and they had
not the opportunity to be thus removed. And I
think, sir, if we are to go on extending the bill in
this way, it ought to provide for those mothers
who acted such a noble part, and who sustained
their sons, and provided them with that which
was necessary°while they were fighting the battles
of the country.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Iowa offer an amendment ?
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. No, sir.
Mr. CLAYTON called for the yeas and nays
on his amendment, and they were ordered; and
being taken were—yeas 21, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Bell, Benjamin, Brain-
erd, Clayton, Cooper, Dodge of Wisconsin, Evans l''e*-
senden, Foot, Beyer, Gillette, Morton, Pratt, Rockwell,
Soward, Shield'?, Sunnier, Thompson or Kentucky, and
Wade—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bright, Brodhead, Brown, Clay,
Dawson, Dodge of Iowa, Fitzpatrick, Houston, Hunter,
Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Mason, ltuid. Itusk, tfebastian,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toucey, Weller, and Wright
—•20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I find, upon a suggestion
made to me by a friend, that the amendment which
I offered was in a form to include an object which
I did not contemplate, and do not wish to attain—
that is the introducing, to the benefits of the bill,
of troops who may have been called out in the
States in feuds and intestine commotions. I
desire now to offer an amendment so precisely
drawn as to accomplish the very object which I
had in view, and which was to give the benefits
of this section to troops who have been called out [
in a public war for the purpose of resisting a !
public enemy, and embodied under the State j
authorities, but who may not have been paid by |
the United States. I offer this amendment, to I
come in as an additional proviso at the end of the
first section of the bill:
Jlnd provided also, That where any such officers, sol-
diers, or volunteers, may have been called out and em-
bodied by authority of dny State, to resist a public enemy,
they shall be entitled to the benefits of this section, although
they may not have been paid by the United States.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, I rise only
to ask for the yeas and nays. The amendment,
if agreed to, will be the destruction of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator says, as he said
before, that this amendment will be the destruction
of the bill. The only argument ollered against it
is his assertion, tjiat it will be the destruction of
the bill. If weareto be guided by that assertion,
it will be destructive of the amendment. Now,
what is his objection to the amendment? The
honorable Senator supposes the objection to be
that, if it be adopted, there will be no means by
which you can ascertain the beneficiaries of the
bill with as much certainty as can be done under
the bill as it stands. The pay list is the criterion
by which you are to ascertain the parties who are
to receive the benefits of the bill, as it now stands.
If you adopt the amendment, it will be the list,
furnished by the different States, of the militia of
those States who have been mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States. 1 apprehend that such
a list would furnish as accurate a criterion by
which to judge of the beneficiaries of the bill as
the other.
If you look to the reason of the thing, I defy
any Senator to say that he is not in favor of the
amendment. Why, sir, there are many people in
the county m Maryland,in whichl formerly lived,
adjoining your seat of Government, who, during
the war, were men of large fortune and wealth.
They volunteered in the militia service of the
State, and were mustered into the service of the
United States. They never asked for, or received,
any pay; yet the muster-roll shows they were in
the service, and fought the battles of your coun-
try, while the British were making their attacks.
They have never received any pay; but why, in
all reason, should not those men be paid? Their
services are ascertained with as much accuracy as
the soldiers of Pennsylvania, or elsewhere, who
have been paid.
But, again, I suggested the other day, when a
similar amendment was before us, that it is very
doubtful to my mind whether, under the provis-
ions of this bill, any soldiers who were enlisted
ill the service of the country in Maryland would
receive the bounty, for the reason that the State of
Maryland has paid them; but up to this very day
the pay has not been received from the Federal
Government. We passed, at the last session, a
bill to give to the State of Maryland a part of that
pay. It has not yet passed the House of Repre-
sentatives, and I do not know that it will pass.
The question, therefore, might be raised whether
they would be entitled to receive the bounty under
the provisions of the bill. But, sir, no one can
assign any reason why a man who has fought,
provided you ascertain the fact that he was a sol-
dier of the country and fought the battles of the
country, and has not been paid, should not receive
the bounty rather in preference, than otherwise,
to the man who has fought and has been paid.
Mr. SHIELDS. If 1 understand tiss amend-
ment aright, it goes much further than the hon-
orable Senator imagines. It goes so far as to
include all the militia who have betn called out by
any State of the Union under any apprehension of
invasion; and that, I apprehend, will include
nearly all the militia of the sea board States.
Mr. PRATT. It requires that they shall have
been mustered into the service of the United
States.
Mr. SHIELDS. No, sir; it does not.
Mr. PRATT. Then so alter it. I would only
vote for it in that shape.
Mr. SHIELDS. That is not the amendment,
as I understand it. The words are " called out !
and embodied by authority of any State to resist j
a public enemy.' I apprehend that will include 1
nearly all the militia of the several sea-board
States at that time, whether they were mustered
into the service or not. It will go much further
than I suppose the honorable Senator ever in-
tended.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If I understand the amend-
ment, it is to apply wherever they were mustered
into the service of a State, whether in the service
of the United States or not. In that case it will
include a very large and meritorious number of
patriots who have served their States against a
public enemy. I have butone regretattheoffering
of it; and that is that it will deprive my humble
self of the power of voting on it, on the ground that
I am interested in it.
Mr. PRATT. I move to insert in the amend-
ment of the Senator from North Carolina, after
the words " public enemy, "the words " and who
have been mustered into the service of the United
States."
Mr. BADGER. I hope that will not be agreed
to; and I think my friend is mistaken as to the
necessity for introducing those words. If these
men were called out by the authorities of a State
for the purpose of resisting a public enemy in time
of war, no man can assign a reason 'why they
should not receive the benefits of this bill, although
they were not formally mustered into the service
of the United States. Are we to announce before-
hand, in view of any future war, in order, as far
as we may, to damp the energy of the people of
the respective States of the Union, when they are
called together by -the executive or legislative
authority of the State, that whatever service they
may render in repelling a public enemy from ou'
borders, Congress will consider them as not enti-
tled to the bounty it may confer upon others ? 1
hope we shall not do that, sir. My amendment
is now sufficiently guarded. The troops must be
called out and mustered into service by the author-
ity of a State. They must be called out and mus-
tered for the purpose of resisting a public enemy.
That implies a state of war, and that they are
called out for the purpose of resisting that enemy
in that war. Well, now, if it so happens that the
United States have not paid those troops, is that
any reason why they should not receive, is it not
a greater reason why they should receive, the
benefits of this system of bounty which the bill
proposes to establish ?
Now, Mr. President, I know, in regard to my
own State, that troops were called out during the
war with England. They were called out on a
sudden emergency. They were mustered into
the service of the State. They were marched, in
the service of the State, from the interior to the
sea-board. They were paid by the State. They
were never paid by the United States. Now, I
should be exceedingly glad to know why persons
standing in that situation have not just the same
claim upon the Government of the United States
as the other classes who are mentioned in the bill?
Recollect, this bill does not propose to pay a debt.
It does not propose to appropriate land for the
purpose of meeting any engagement on the part
of the United States. It is a pure donation for
pa*' services to the country, for which we did not
c- .tract to give this bounty. That is the whole
the bill. Then, sir, if a class of men are called
out by State authorities, upon a sudden emer-
gency,with no opportunity to apply to the author-
ities ot the United States to muster them into the
service of the United States—if they are mustered
into the service of the State—if they march against
the common enemy of the country, I should be
very glad to know why they have not the same
claim as others to the bounty of Congress, although
they were paid by the State, and not by the
United States? That is the case, and other like
cases, for which I endeavor ta provide. A prin-
ciple of equality requires that the provision should
be applied to them as well as to others.
Mr. PRATT. I know that my distinguished
friend from North Carolina may suppose that if
the amendment which I have offered to his amend-
ment should be adopted, it will destroy entirely
the utility of his amendment. That proceeds
upon the hypothesis that it is of no kind of conse-
quence whether the soldiers were not only called
out by the State authority of Maryland, but were
mustered into the service of the United States and
paid, or not.
Mr. BADGER. Not at all.
Mr. PRATT. I understand, but this will meet
that view with the amendment which I have pro-
posed. If a vote be taken on the amendment as
offered by the Senator from North Carolina, it
must be defeated; but if.it be amended as I pro-
pose, so that the proposition will only be to pay
the soldiers of the United States, those who have
been actually brought into the service of the
