366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
Federal Government, then I say that it cannot be
rejected; and I want the yeas and nays to show
who will \ote against it. 1 hope my friend will
accept my amendment.
iWr. BADGER. No, sir, I understand the effect
of this. Some gentlemen here are opposed to this
bill. My friend from Maryland is not. They
will vote to encumber my amendment with any
provision that they think will make it unaccepta-
ble to a majoiiiy of tne Senate. Let us see the
argument of my friend. The troops in Maryland
were culled out by the State authority; they were
mustered into the service of the United Slates, but
were not paid by the United States. Well, he
sayR, amend my amendment in the way he sug-
gests, arid the Maryland troops will be provided
for. I do not offer my amendment solely for the
benefit of the Maryland troops. I admitthatthey
ought to be provided for; but I have stated to him
another case which ought also to be provided for.
It was one in which, upon a sudden emergency,
troops in my State were called out and marched
from the interior to the sea-board for the purpose
of repelling an impending attack, and were paid
by the State. My friend says he does not want
to pay them; he does not want to give them the
benefits of this bill. Now, I want to know why?
Mr. PRATT. I will tell the Senator.
Mr BADGER. Well, sir.
Mr. PRATT. According to my notion,
although this is a bounty, the provisions of the
bill are only to confer the bounty upon the bene-
ficiaries of it for services rendered to the United
States. The land which is to be given, is land
belonging to the Federal Government. It is for
services rendered by those in the service of the
Government to whom the property belongs, that
the land is to be given. That is the principle of
the bill. Now, if the Senator's amendment be
adopted, ir does not only meet the case to which
he has referred, and which 1 have no doubt is
very proper, but it will meet a thousand other
cases, which, in his judgment,are not proper to be
met—cases where a State has called out the mili-
tia of the State, however unnecessary, provided
the Uniied States had declared war against any
other nation. If a war had been declared against
Spain, and there was not a single Spaniard within
a thousand miles of the State, and the Governor
of the State called out the militia for the purpose
of muster, or any other puipose—if there was an
actual existing foreign war, they would come in
under his amendment. But they are not mustered
into the service of the United States until their
services are required under the Federal officers for
the benefit of the Federal Government.
Mr. BADGER. The whole substance of my
friend's objection to the amendment which 1 have
proposed is this: let the amendment be so worded
as to include the troops in Maryland, and a very
valuable object is accomplished. Now, f am in
favor of giving the bounty to the Maryland troops;
but I do not think that the beginning, the middle,
and the ending of the duty of this Government is
to the troops in Maryland. My honorable friend
says they must be mustered into the service of
the United States. Why? Why? What crite-
rion is that? Have they rendered any better
service to the country than if they were embodied
by a State authority, provided they are embodied
to resist the public enemy ? My honorable friend
says we might have a war with Spain, and there
might not be a Spaniard on this continent. Then,
sir, the troops could not lie embodied for the pur- !
pose of resisting an enemy, because I suppose
every nrin will understand ihat it would be an
absurdity to embody a parcel of troops with any
arm that has been heretofore used in the military
service of the world, to resist a set of Spaniards
on the other side of the Atlantic. They must
come within the reach, actual or potential,of some
sort of arm known to mankind, or else you can-
not possihly resist them.
Mr. P El ATT. Will my honorable" friend
ftllo w me ?
Mr. B-YDGER. No, sir; I am afraid you will
spoil mv speech.
Mr. PR ATT. I think I should.
Mr. BADGER. I do not think you can. Go
on. j
Mr. PRATT. I want my honorable friend to j
Boy how it would be so absurd for the Goveinor i
of a State to imagine that, although a public j
enemy was, for the time being, on the other side I
of the Atlantic, they might come here; and, there-
fore, if he were to call out the militia of the State,
under the imagination that it was possible the
public enemy might come here, they would, under
the amendment, be paid, although, in point of
fact, they never did resist the public enemy at all,
and were never mustered, or contemplated to be
mustered, m the service of the Federal Govern-
ment for the purpose of resistance.
Mr. BADGER.. My friend's answer only
involves this—that he can suppose a case where
the executive and legislative authorities of a State
ought all to have been put in an asylum; and,
therefore, if they were all lunatics, they might
have done the absurdity agains^which he intends
to provide by the amendment which he offers to
mine. That is the effect of it.
Mr. WELLER. Give us the case.
Mr. BADGER. I have given it already. I
know a case in my own State m which the troops
were called out on a sudden emergency, for the
purpose of resisting an impending attack on the
sea-board. They marched from the interior to
the ocean. They were paid by the State; not by
the United States. If we look to the Constitution
of the United States, we see a clear authority left
to the States upon that subject. They are pro-
hibited from engaging in war, except they are
actually invaded, or in such imminent danger of
invasion as will not give them an opportunity of
applying to the central authority of the country.
The effect of the incorporation of the amendment
of the Senator from Maryland in what I propose
would be, that we should announce beforehand,
and to ail time, that if the citizens of any State are
embodied under the authority of that State to resist
any invasion, however sudden, and however ab-
solutely necessary it maybe that immediate resist-
ance should be opposed in order to repel it, yet
they will be considered as out of the charities of
the General Government, for they will have done
no service to the Union by protecting its soil from
the invasion of a foreign enemy; they will have
done no service to the Union by driving a public
enemy from that soil! Why? Because the ne-
cessities of the case required them to act before
they could consult the authorities of the General
Government. Is there any logic in that? Does
it meet any response from a patriotic heart? Is
not the service the same which is rendered to the
country in the one case as in the other? And do
you not, by this unjust and odious discrimination,
do all that you can to prevent the State authorities,
in any sudden emergency, from calling forth their
troops, and repelling the public enemy, by inform-
ing them beforehand, that if they do so, Congress
will consider the officers and soldiers who served
on the occasion, as not entitled to their bounty at
all?
Sir, I am in favor of paying the troops called out
in the State which my honorable friend so ably
represents; but if his amendment is put upon
mine, if such an odious discrimination is to be
made, I shall undoubtedly vote against my own
amendment.
Mr. PRATT. I submit to my honorable friend
himself whether, upon more calm reflection, he
will not consider that the argument which he has
made consists in denunciation, in using terms—
not reason. He asks what patriotic heart would
respond to this amendment, if the one which I
have proposed to it be adopted; or, what patriotic
heart could resist the amendment which he has
proposed ?
Mr. BADGER. What patriotic heart could
respond to the discrimination ?
Mr. PRATT. He says further, that every
Legislature and every Governor who would ait
upon the hypothesis which 1 have put, you must
imagine fit for a lunatic asylum. Sir, I do not
propose to enter into an argument upon that at
all; but let me put this case to the honorable
Senator himself. Does he not know that, in times
of peace, the militia of every State are organized
by the State authority itself; that they are called
out in every State of the Union, in times of peace,
by State authority, and that they are paid by the
State government for the days of the year when
they are called out for the purpose of militia
muster? Now, suppose a war were to be declared
by Great Britain to-morrow, under our existing
laws, the militia, according to the present organi-
zation of Maryland, and, I suppose, in the State
represented by the honorable Senator himself,
meet once, or twice, or three times a year, for the
purpose of drill; and for the days that they do
meet they are paid by the State government?
Here, then, in the case which 1 suppose, of a de-
claration of war by Great Britain, there would be
a public war. Under the State authority, the
militia are all embodied, and meet once s. year,
and they are all paid. Then there is every single
feature of the amendment which the honorable
Senator proposes; yet there is no pull c enemy
nearer than the island of Great Britain; and there
is no arm which has yet been invented which
could reach from here to London; but those
militia would come in under the amendment
unless ray proposition be agreed to.
The militia are already embodied in every State
of the Union. Theguns belongingto the Federal
Government—your muskets and your cannon—
are sent to every State of the Union from the Fed-
eral armories. I think, sir, my friend cannot an-
swer the proposition. If war were declared by
Great Britain to-morrow, under the present or-
ganization of the militia in every State of the
Union, as soon as they had one meeting which
was paid for by the State Government, it would,
with the Senator's amendment, bring them in as
beneficiaries under this bill. If the Senator takes
the broad ground that we should distribute the
public lands as widely as possible, and that these
would be as beneficial objects for this distribution
as any other, I might be willing to go for it; but
I cannot see that there is any reason why the mi-
litia coming within the purview of his amendment
should be taken in preference to any other citizen
of the United States in the granting of this bounty.
Mr. BADGER. My friend says that, upon the
terms of the amendment, if, in a war with Great
Britain, the troops in any State were called out
for the purpose of drill, in the ordinary militia
operations of any State, they would be entitled to
the bounty. 1 have only to say that, if he thinks
so, he and I differ entirely. I can conceive the
case of a public war, and the militia being called
out for the purpose of drill, but not to resist a
public enemy. I suppose everybody else can do
so; and my amendment proposes only to extend
the benefits of the bill to those who have been
called out in the case of a public war by the
authority of a State, and embodied to resist the
public enemy. It is a strange idea of my friend
from Maryland, that persons engaged in the ordi-
nary drill, if there happen to be a war, are called
out to resist the public enemy. That seems to be
a strange notion.
I think I may say that my friend has said noth-
ing to relieve his objection from what I have
stated: that if there were no soldiers belonging to
an enemy on this side of the Atlantic, no Governor
of a State, no Legislature of a State would call out
the troops to resist them, until we get arms of
sufficient strength to reachacross the broad Atlan-
tic. I hope the amendment of my friend from
Maryland will not be agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I have voted against amendments
introducing into the bill two classes who were
not mustered into the serviceof the United States,
but I shall vote for this; and I desire to say a word
or two in explanation of my votes. I voted
against the Plattsburg amendment. They were
not mustered into the service of the United
States, and I voted against the amendment; but 1
do not wis,h to make a discrimination. I am un-
willing to select one State, and extend the benefits
of the bill to a class of men, and not ex:end it to
the same class in all the other States of the Union.
I have no doubt that the case is as stated by the
honorable Senator from North Carolina, that the
militia were called out by the State for the pur-
pose of resisting the public enemy. In the other
eases they were called out by the States for the
purpose of defending their territory. Those cases
have been put into the bill, and as the Senate has
put them in, I cannotagree to make discrimination
by voting against this amendment. The number
who may be brought in under itdoes not alter the
principle. If there were five hundred thousand,
the principle is the same. I voted against both
those amendments; but, I repeat, I will not cast a
vote to exclude one State from the benefits of a
principle which has been extended to anothe-
State.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. It is very
well known, sir, that I am in favor of this bill
and of its provisions as originally proposed, but
