1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
367
it seems to me that the number of amendments,
the different views that are expressed, and the
contrariety of opinion that we see exhibited here,
show that there is no probability that we shall
agree upon anything in the shape of a bill that the
Senate will pass upon to-day. { do not know
how it may be as to any other time. And, sir,
being for the bill, and things being in the entangle-
ment that we see, ( move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. Pratt's amendment to the amendment
•was not agreed to, there being, on a division—
ayes 12, noes 21.
Thf question then recurring on Mr. Badger's
amendment, it w .s taken by yeas and nays, and
resulted—yeas 24, nays 1G; as follows:
VEA^—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Benjamin, Brainerd,
Butler, Clay, Clayton, Coopi-r, Douglas, Evans, Ftwsen-
den, Fitzpatrick, Pool, Gillette, James, Jones of Tennes-
see, Matlory, Morton, Rockwell, Rusk, Sewatd, Sumner,
Wii]'', and VVeller—24.
NAYrf—Messrs, Briglu, Brodhead, Dawson, Dodee of
Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Houston, Hunter, Jones of
Tnwa, Ma ou, R- id, Sebastian, Shields, Stuart, Tuucey,
Wells, and Wright—16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr.'SHIELDS. 1 offer the following amend-
ment:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the provis-
ions of this bill shull apply to the rangers who served on
the frontiers against the Indians.
Mr. STUART. 1 move that the Senate ad-
journ
Mr. DOUGLAS. I trust we shall get through
with this bill before we adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Janumj 23, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved
Mr. HARLAN, of Ohio, obtained the floor.
Mr. CLINtiMAN. I insist upon the regular
order of business. 1 do not know for what pur-
pose the gentleman from Ohio has risen, but I
object to anything out of order.
Mr. HUNT. I hope thegentleman will, at. least,
permit me to have a communication from the Sec-
retary of War referred to the proper committee.
Mr. HARLAN. I simply desire to report, from
the Committee on Commerce, a bill to change the
name of a vessel. I hope the gentleman will not
object to that.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I see there are a good
many gentlemen seekin - the floor. 1 think we
had better have the regular order of business.
Mr. FULLER. 1 would suggest to thegentle-
man from North Carolina, that a half hour every
morntnir would dispose of all business of this kind.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 insist upon the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. Unless the motion made
yesterday, by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Vlr. Jones,] to lay upon the table the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the Pacific railroad
bill was recommitted to the select committee, be
called up, the business first in order will be the
bill for the relief of Belden & Co.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I presume it is
the wish of the House to dispose of my motion
this morning; but, at thesame time, I should prefer
that there should be a full House, or something
like it, when the question is taken.
Mr. PULLER. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Nofth Carolina that he had better with-
draw his demand for the regular order of business
for a few minutes.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will withdraw it for ten
minutes.
NEW REGISTER.
Mr. HARLAN, of Ohio, then, by unanimous
consent, reported, from the Committee on Com-
merce, a bill " to change the names of the Ameri-
can-built vessels J. H. Holmes and Franklin
Pierce;" which was read in extenso by the Clerk. ]
The bill was ordered to he engrossed and read '
a third time, and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read tne third time, and pasped.
OFFICIAL DELINQUEINCY IN KANSAS.
Mr. EDGERTON. X ask the unanimous con-1
sent of the House to introduce the following reso-
lution:
Resolve* t That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to communicate to the Mouse, at his earnest convenience,
what steps have bwn tak**n to carry out the stipulations of
the Treaty with the Delaware Indians, of Mav 6, 1854, aa
far as rHat« s to the land-* ceded in im«si to the United Su'es.
Also, al'. the evidence in his Department touching the u.i>
lawful occupation of' portions of that cession, or any other
Ii dian lands in Kansas Territory, or . ny rrespasses on the
same; and what participation any Army offic« rs at Fort
Leavenworth have had in making settlements on th« Drla
ware cessions or any other Indian lands? j also, whether any
officers of ihe oivil. military, or Indian service i'  that Ter-
ritory, have been charged with speculatiug in Indian lands,
and if so, the evidence; also, whether any complaintshave
been made that the military does not respond ih« rn to the
proper demands of the Interior Department, and if so, the
evidence; also, whether any charges of official delin-
quency have been made against the Commissioner of Indian
Affair-:, if so, what*, arid all the information in the Interior
Department connected with these inquiries.
Mr. TWEED. I object.
Mr. ORR. I trust the gentleman will withdraw
his objection.
Mr. TWEED. I object to the introduction of
the resolution, because it is going a round about
way to make charges against officers of the Army.
Mr. EDGERTON. X hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. TWEED, i will withdraw it.
There being no objection, the resolution was
then received and passed.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to set apart Monday, Tues-
day, and Wednesday of next week, for the con-
sideration of territorial business.
Mr. BRIDGES. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Illinois how many railroad bills are
to come up as territorial business?
Mr. RICUARDSON. There are nonecoming
from the Committee on the Territories. As to
what has been reported by the Committee on
Public Lands I have no knowledge, and can give
the gentleman no information.
Mr. BRIDGES. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him to exclude railroad bills from the
business he proposes to make the special order?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have no control over
the matter. I ask that the regular territorial busi-
ness may be made the special .order.
Mr. BRIDGES. Then 1 object.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Well, sir, rather than
to accomplish nothing, I will accept the proposi-
tion of the gentleman, and exclude railroad bills
from the territorial business, which I ask the
House to make a special order.
Mr. BRIDGES. Then 1 withdraw my ob-
jection.
The proposition of Mr. Richardson was then
acceded to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the territorial business was made the spe-
cial order, and to. lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
Mr. FULLER. I hope the gentleman will not
make it the special order for Monday. If that is
the proposition, I object.
[Cries of 44Too late!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. It is too late to object, for
the order has already been made by the House.
I think Monday should be included m the special
order; for we shall do nothing else tf it is not.
Mr. FULLER. If it is too late to object, I
hope the House will reconsider the vote by which
the order was made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest to
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] that
it is hardly necessary to move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table, as the motion to
reconsider is not debatable.
Mr. JONES, i have no objection to withdraw-
ing the motion to lay upon the table.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to reconsider the vote by which the order was
made.
Mr. EDGERTON. -I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
resolution offered by myself some minutes ago
was adopted, and to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The question was taken; and the latter motion
agreed to.
NAVIGATION LAWS.
Mr. FULLER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill " to amend and consolidate the naviga-
tion, revenue, and collection laws of the U- ited
States, and for other purposes;" which was read
a first and second lime by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
MILITARY DEFENSE OF LOUISIANA.
Mr. HUNT. A communication was yesterday
received by this House from the War Depart-
ment, in relation to the military defence for a cer-
tain point in the State of Louisiana, which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed. I
ask that the House will reconsider its action in
disposing of that communication, and that it may
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
It was so ordered.
A. J. HEATON.
Mr. MACE, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
"for the relief of Andrew Jackson Heaton;"
which was read a first and second time by it3 title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
RAILROAD IN KANSAS.
Mr. WHITFIELD, by unanimous consent,
and in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a
bill " granting the right of way to the Wyandot
and Pawnee railroad through the public lands in
Kansas Territorywhich was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, a bill "granting Fort Scott reserve to
the Tenitory of Kansas for school purposes;"
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. COBB. I' think that last hill should have
been referred to .the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I will simply say that
it relates to a reserve in Kansas Territory which
is under the control of the military authorities.
Mr. COBB. It relates to a grant of land, never-
theless. I have no particular objection,however,
to the reference.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. TWEED, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for th«i withdrawal from
the files of the House of the petition and paper* of William
Brown, and that they be referred to the Committee on
Tensions.
IMPROVEMENTS IN NEW JERSEY.
Mr. PENNINGTON, by unanimous consent,
and m pursuance of previous notice, introduced a
bill " for continuing the improvement of the har-
bor of Newark and of Passaic river, and of
Newark bay, in New Jersey;n which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
P. S. RtDGWAY.
Mr. STUART,ofOhio,by unanimousconsent,
reported, from the Committeeon Invalid Pensions,
a bill" for the relief of Paul S. Ridgway, of Ohio;"
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to a Committeeof the Whole House.
NEW REGISTER. '
Mr. CUTTING. I ask the unanimous consent,
of the House to take from the Speaker's table a
Senate bill to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to grant a register to the bark Colonist.
The vessel is nearly ready for sea, and the case
requires immediate action.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's fable, and read a first and
second time by its title, as follows:
An aci to authorize the issue of a register to the
bark Colonist by the name of The Liily.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and was subsequently read a third time, and
BILLS REPORTED.
Mr. FAULKNER, by unanimous consent,
reported,from theCommittee on Military Affairs,
the following bills; which were severally read
twice by their respective titles, ordered to be
printed, and referred as indicated below:
An act for the construction of military roads in
Oregon Territory. Referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
A bill granting a pension to Joseph M^Cormick.
Referred to a Committee of the Whole House;
and
A bill authorizing the Secretary of War to pur-
chase sites, and contract for the erection of arse-
