368'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23.
nals in Texas and New Mexico, and in the Ter-
ritory of Washington or Oregon. Referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. P. also, from the same committee, reported
back, without amendment, Senate resolution " in
relation to surgeons' mates in the Army of the
Revolution." Referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LINDSLEY, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced the
following bills; which were read a first and second
time by their respective titles, and severally re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce:
A bill for preserving and improving the harbor
of Sandusky City, Ohio;.
A bill for completing the west pier at Huron,
Ohio; and
A bill for the repair and completion of the east
and west piers at Vermillion, Ohio.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. X now call for the regular
order of business.
_ Air. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the con-
sideration of the privileged motion submitted by
me yesterday evening.
NAVY-YARD AT BRUNSWICK.
Mr. SEWARD, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the petition of one hundred and twenty-five
citizens praying for the establishment of a navy-
yard at Brunswick, Georgia.
Mr. S. said: I ask the indulgence of the House
while I make a few remarks in relation to that
petition.
No objection was made.
Mr. SEWARD. Early during the last session
of Congress I introduced a resolution, which I
had referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, in
relation to the establishment of a naval depot at
Brunswick, in the State of Georgia. That sub-
ject has also been referred to the same committee
during the present session. I want now to call
the attention of the House, and of the country, to
this question, and to ascertain whether the regular
standing committees have a right to control the
business of this House, to make their committee
rooms the graves of the public business, and to
destroy the independence and strike down the
power of the Representatives of the people in
the legislation of the country. In connection
with this subject, it is proper for me to remark,
that $3,000,000 were appropriated for the pur-
pose of constructing six steam frigates, as it
was understood that the defense of the country
demanded that expenditure of money, and that
the relations which this Government sustained to
Cuba required that some means of defense should
be adopted. In March, I believe, the President of
the United States sent a message to Congress
specially on that subject. The Committee on
Foreign Affairs, to whom that matter was referred,
have allowed it to sleep from that time to this.
And I have been utterly astonished at that, from
the fact that, when that message was presented to
the House, the chairman of that committee [Mr.
Bayly, of Virginia] got up and made a speech,
asserting that the message excited his admiration.
And yet no report has since been made on that
subject. *
Now, sir, I want the country to understand
that the business in Congress is managed more
by committees, and that committees possess more
power in legislation than the House of Represent-
atives itself, under the present system. It is so,
not only with the committee to which I have
specially alluded, but with the other committees,
also; and I here assert mydpinion that two thirds
of the legislation of Congress is managed by the
heads of Departments, instead of being managed
by the Representatives of the people-
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I rise to a point of order.
I made no objection to thegentleman from Georgia
being permitted to make a speech, because I sup-
posed that his remarks would be confined to the
subject of the petition which he presented, and
that those remarks would be very few. I object
to his being allowed to make a speech on a different
subject.
The SPEAKER. The extent to which thegen-
tleman may go, was certainly not marked out by
the House for the guidance of the Speaker, but the
s House gave him unanimous consent to make a
speech, and the Chair >vill not undertake to con-
fine him to any particular course of remarks.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I entirely acquiesce
in the sentiment expressed by the Chair* but I
hope it is understood that I am to be permitted to
reply to the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. SEWARD. I complain .that the system
is a crying evil, and believe that, if committees are
permitted to carry on the business of the country
in this way, it will give rise to a system of corrup-
tion in this Government. I do not wish to be un-
derstood as making any charges of corruption
against committees; I make no such charges; but
I say that the tendency of this thing is evil; and,
as a Representative here, standing on this floor, 1
am not disposed to see the rights and interests of
my constituents sacrificed and buried by commit-
tees, at their whim, in their committee rooms.
These committees are not the judges of what the
country may want; and it is their business either
to make a favorable or an adverse report on the
matters referred to them, and then leave the House
to take action upon their report, and let the Repre-
sentatives of the people decide what is proper and
what is not proper.
If the Committee on Naval Affairs had investi-
gated the subject in connection with the estab-
lishing a naval depot at Brunswick, it would have
been ascertained that it is one of the best harbors
on the South Atlantic coast; that the location is
exceedingly healthy; that it is accessible, to the
finest timber region in the world; that any quan-
tity of pine and white-oak timber necessary for
the building and repairing of vessels could be pro-
cured at comparatively little expense; and that
an abundant supply of provisions could be had
as cheap or cheaper than in any market in the
United States; that no contagious diseases or epi-
demics have ever prevailed there; and that every
consideration that could be offered to convince the
judgment, would have satisfied them of the fit-
ness of this point for a naval station; and that the
wants of the Government demanded that this
point should be selected for this purpose, and the
works erected to make it available.
Large quantities of timber are now procured ad-
jacent to Brunswick, and shipped to other points
north, for ship building; and so far as the wants
of the Government are concerned, it would be a !
great saving to establish a navy-yard at Brunswick.
But the committee have thought proper to stifle
inquiry, by taking no action thereon.
it is proper, as I have made complaint against
the standing committees of this House, that I
should again advert to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. The President, in his message in ref-
erence to our difficulties with Spain, informed the
country thataggressions had been committed upon
our rights, and our national flag insulted, and asked
Congress to furnish provisional means for the vin-
dication of the rights of our citizens, and for the
protection of the national honor; which the chair-
man of this committee [Mr. Bayly, of Virginia]
said excited his admiration; and yet, sir,even until
now, that gentleman has been as silent as the grave
upon this subject. And because of this silence,
Congress has not acted. The annual message of
the President being silent upon this subject, the
country was somewhat surprised; and I can only
find a reason for this in the fact, that the Repre-
sentatives of the people here did not sustain him,
and their want or action is justly attributable to
the refusal of the Committee on Foreign Affairs to
place the House in possession of such information
as was necessary to enable them to act wisely and
understanding. What else, sir, must necessarily
have followed from this course? From the ne-
cessity of the thing, Mr. Soule, our Minister to
Spain, was forced, under instructions from his
Government, to abandon the high position he had
| assum^l in the early part of his mission, for the j
protection of American rights and honor. He j
must have felt humiliated; and, under this mortifi- i
cation of feeling, he could do nothing else but re- I
sign. _ For this the President is not to blame. If !
there is any censure due, the fault rests upon this ;
committee, and nowhere else. Having said this j
much, as the time of the country is precious, I i
will close my remarks. j
Mr. JNGERSOLL. I now call for the regular ;
order of business.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr, CARPENTER. 1 rise to a question of
privilege. In relation to the motion made yester-
day by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] to recommit the Pacific railroad bill to the
select committee of thirteen, I find that my vote
is not recorded. I voted in the affirmative, and [
ask that my vote be so recorded.
Mr. KEITT. Yes; I heard the gentleman
from New York [Mr, Carfknter] vote aye.
There being no objection, the Speaker directed
the vote of Mr. Carpenter to be placed upon the
minutes.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I now insist upon the
regular order of business.
THE PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is on laying on the table the motion to re-
consider th£ vote by which the House yesterday
recommitted the Pacific railroad bill. Does the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] withdraw
his motion to lay on the table ?
Mr. JONES. No, sir. I do not.
The SPEAKER. Then the pending question
is upon laying the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Mr. FLORENCE. On that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 95, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercronibie.Aiken, Thomas II. Bayly,
Ball, Belcher, Bell, Bennett, Benson, Bocook, Boyce,
Breckmndgc, Bridges, Brooks, Carpenter, Oaskie, Chand-
ler, Chase, Ohnstain, Ohnrchwell, Ohngman, Cobb, Col-
quilt, Cranje, Crocker, Cullom, Curtis, Eastman, Faulk-
ner, Fenton, Flagler, Franklin, Fuller, Giddmgs, Goode,
Goodwin, Hamilton; Aaron Harlan, Haven, Houston, Hunt,
JnsrersolI, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, K«.itt. Kerr, Kulwell. Kutredge, Kurtz, Letcher,
Lewis., McQueen, Mauiice, Maxwell, May, Meacham,
Alidrilr'^waiih, Million, Morgan, Morrison, Murray, An-
drew Oliver, Oir, Packer, Peck, Pennington. Bishop Per-
George W. Smyth, John J. Taylor, Teller, Trout, Van-
 ant, Wade, IVaMi, Wheeler, Witie, and Hendrick B.
Wright—95.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Wilha Alien, Banks,
Barksdale, B.ury, Bi-nton, lilies, Bustow, Caruthers,
Chamberlain, (Jhnsman, Clark, Cook, Cox, Cuttm?, John
G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dick, Disney,"Drum,
Dunbar, Dunham, Eddy, Edgcrton, Edmands, Ellison,
ttl)u;nd«e, Eveilnirt, Farley, Florence, Gamble, Green-
wood, Grey, Andrew J. Harlan, Wiley p. Harris, Harrison,
Hendricks, Ilenn, IIill, Howe, Hughes, Johnson, Roland
Jones, Knox, Lamb, Lane, Latham, Liridley, LirxMey,
McCulloch, McDougall, Macy, Maiteson. Smith jVIillei,
Nichols, Noble, Norton, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Parker,
John Perkins, Phelps, Pieston, Richardson, David Ritchie,
Thunui* ltiteliej, Bobbins, Sabin, Singleton. Samuel A.
Smith, Soliers, Frederick P Stanton, Richard II. Stanton,
Sirnub, Andrew Stuart. John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Tay-
lor, Thurston, Tweed, Uphain, Walbridge, Walker, Wal-
ler, Warren, Elhhu B. Wa^hburne, Israel WaMiburn,
Wells, John Went worth, Tappan Wentvvorth, Westbrook,
Darnel B. Wright, Yates, and Zollicoffer—94.
So the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the Pacific railroad bill was recommitted to the
select committee was laid upon the table.
Pending the announcement of the vote,
Mr. I1IBBARD said: Mr. Speaker, I have
paired off on this bill with Mi. Ajppleton, who is
in favor of the bill. I, therefore, do not vote.
Mr. SHAW. 1 desire to state, Mr. Speaker,
that Mr. Wade, of Ohio, is necessarily detained
from his seat in the House by indisposition.
Mr. READY. I desire to 3tate that i have
paired off on this bill with Mr. Smith, of Virginia,
who would have voted no. &
SAMUEL A. BELDEN AND COMPANy.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. RicJ!ardsov
m the chair.) The bill for the relief of Samuel
A. Leiden & Co. is the business pending as first in
order. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mil i-
s0Nj moved to commit it to a Committee of the
Whole House; and upon that motion has called
for the previous question.
Mr. HUNT. Mr. Speaker 
TheSPEAKERproietfyjore,(interrupting.) No
debate is m order till the demand for the previous
question be disposed of.
Mr. HUNT. I am happy to say, sir, that the
honorable gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mill-
cdS6* j/^es'res t0 withdraw that motion.
1 he orEAilER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man from Virginia withdraw his demand for the
previous question ?
Mr. M1LLSON. I moved the previous ques-
tion under these circumstances: The gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Skelton] had asked the
