1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
371
a call of the Senate. This matter has been sub-
mitted to the Government, and it intends to do
what is right with the power which has done
wrong. Here are men who have been made bank-
rupt by the action of our Government. The Gov-
ernment has received duties from them upon
goods; and, instead of protecting them, has allowed
them to be made away with, to their great loss.
Mr. GIDDINGS. One question fuither, if the
featleman pleases. What is the reason assigned
y the Government now that this case was
• omitted? What is the cause of the omission ?
Mr. HUNT. I cannot answer the question.
I am pot a champion of this Administration. But,
sir, we all know that, in purchasing lately of
Mexico a portion of her territory—and we paying
many millions of dollars—no provision at all was
made for this case, or for the payment of the
claim of any other citizen of the United States
against her.
Mr. STANTON. I think if these gentlemen
Will look at the case really presented to the House,
they wilt see 
Mr. GROW. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from Tennessee the same question which was
asked the other day, when this subject was up for
consideration, but which then received no answer.
Why was not this claim presented before the
commission which was raised under the treaty of
Guadalupe Eiidalgo?
Mr. STANTON. I will answer the gentleman.
This claim was not brought before the commission
of which he speaks, for the reason that "it has
occurred since the close of the war. That treaty
provided only for claims of our citizens arising
prior to the war; and this case, therefore, could
not have been brought before that commission,
Mr. GROW. Well, sir, now let me ask "the
gentleman another question. I understand the
gentleman to say that this claim arises under the
treaty made with Mexico at the close of the war.
Now, sir, if that treaty was made at'the close of
the war, how could it include this claim, which
arose subsequent to the war?
Mr. STANTON. 1 did not say this claim was
included in any provision of any treaty. Cut I
Bay that the protection which the Government of
the United States are bound to provide for its citi-
zens is provided under the treaty made with Mex-
ico at the close of the war. And it was stipulated
in that treaty that the Government of Mexico
should not do precisely what they did do in this
case.
Now, sir, this is the whole state of the case:
These goods were imported into Mexico while
that country was under the military occupation of
the United State3. Sir, the Government of the
United States—as it is admitted on all hands—is
bound to furnish protection to all American citi-
zens importing goods into that country while it
was under our military occupation. I mean pro-
tection from confiscation, and protection from the
Government of Mexico. These parties now ask
the Government of the United States, not to reim-
burse the "whole amount of thegoods, but to pros-
ecute the matter against the Government of Mex-
ico, and, in the mean time, as a partial redress,
that the Government shall refund to them the du-
ties which have been paid into the Treasury of
the United States upon these goods, which have
been unjustly confiscated by the authorities of the
Mexican Government. That is the whole case.
Mr. FULLER. Will the gentleman from Ten-
nessee permit me to ask him a question; for I
desire to understand this matter before I am called
Ott to vote upon it?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. PULLER. Wei-e not these duties right-
fully collected upon the part of the Government of
the United States ?
Mr. STANTON. I have never heard anything
to the contrary.
* Mr. FULLER. And afterwards these goods
Were wrongfully taken by the Mexican authorities ?
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman states cor-
rectly.
Mr. FULLER. Then does it not present pre-
cisely a claim upon the part of our Government
against the Mexican Government, for having
wrongfully despoiled one of our citizens of his
property ?
Mr. STANTON. There is no doubt about it.
Mr. FULLER. Then I want to know how
this claim arises for the refunding of the duties
which were properly collected, when the goods
were sold and transported into the interior of the
country, where they were wrongfully taken ? I
have never known the Government to refund the
duties paid by citizens, in our own country, ex-
cept in cases where the goods were destroyed
while in the hands of the importer, while the goods
remained in the original packages unopened.
Mr. STANTON. Tnat is true; but, sir, these
packages were unbroken. They were transferred
into the interior in the original packages, under
the seal of the American authorities, and that
Government was under obligation, in accordance
with the stipulations of the treaty entered into
with the United States, not to confiscate them.
Now, the ground upon which 1 place this claim
is this: The relief which is proposed to be afforded
to these parties by this bill, is simply to refund
the duties which have been collected by the United
States upon these goods. The Government of the
United States exacted duties upon the goods,and,
in exacting them, placed itself under obligations
to protect the parties, to a certain extent, in then-
sale anil disposal. Sir, these parties have not
been protected in the sale of their goods. The Gov-
ernment of Mexico has violated its obligation to
protect them, and up to this time has failed to
satisfy them for the violation of its obligations.
And now they ask, as a partial relief, that, under
these circumstances, we shall simply refund the
money which has been paid to the Government of
the United States upon a guarantee of protection,
which guarantee has not been carried out. That
is all. [t is true that this claim ought to have
been collected when the late treaty was negotiated
with Mexico, by which $10,000,000 was paid to
that Government. And, sir, from the fact that
no effort was made to collect it on that occasion,
I conceive that the whole responsibility rests upon
the shoulders of the Government of the United
States, and that the whole amount of the claim
ought to be paid from the Treasury of the United
States.
Mr. SICELTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. STANTON. Oh, certainly.
Mr. SKELTON. 1 wish to know, in the first
place, if these parties have any power of attorney
to receive these duties m behalf of the importers?
The goods were sold by the importers to the
claimants, and it seems to me that if we are to
refund the duties at all, we should refund them to
the importer who paid them, and not, second-
hand, to these parties. How do we know, if we
refund the duties now to these parties, that the
original importers will not come and ask that
they shall be refunded over again to them?
Mr. STANTON. Why, Mr. Speaker, the
fact that the goods in the original packages have
been transferred to another American citizen, is
sufficient to prevent it. The transfer of the goods
includes all claim for duties paid. The importer
was not despoiled of his goods. But, on the con-
trary, he disposed of them and transferred them
to the present claimants, who were despoiled of
them, and he can, therefore, have no claim in refer-
ence to the duties paid.
But, sir, this is only applicable to a very small
portion of the goods on which it is asked that
duties shall be remitted; and I understand the gen-
tleman from Louisiana [Mr. Hunt] agrees to
abandon that portion of the claim, which is quite
insignificant in comparison with the other mer-
chandise on which it is proposed the duties shall
be refunded.
Mr. ORR. I ask the gentleman from Tennes-
see to give way to allow me to move, or that he
will himself move, to amend the bill so as to put
it in the shape indicated by the gentleman from
Louisiana.
Mr STANTON. I have no objection to the
amendmeut being made.
Mr. ORR. I will then move to strike out the
words " tobacco and other," so that it will read
" upon merchandise imported by them."
A Member. That is not in order. There is
a motion to commit pending.
Mr. ORR. Well, then, ( ask the gentleman to
withdraw his motion to commit, and allow the
amendment to be made, and then he can renew
his motion to commit, if he desires it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Skelton] moved to commit the bill to
a Committee of the Whole House, and no motion
to amend is in order until that motion is disposed
of.
Mr. STANTON. I have but a word more to
say, and that is in relation to those legal proceed-
ings about which the honorable gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Millson] had so much to say, and
in reference to which he expressed his astonish-
ment—I am not sure, but his amazement; though
I am glad to see he has left the expressipn out in
his printed speech. I hope the reporter will leave
it out in mine if I express amazement that the
honorable gentleman should have given utterance
to such opinions as he has, in reference to those
Mexican proceedings. The gentleman quoted
from Mr. jefferson, as follows:
"The administration of justice is a branch of the sover-
eignty over a country, and belongs exclusively to the nation
inhabiting it. No foreign power can pretend to participate
in their jurisdiction, or that their citizens received there, are
not subject to it. When a cause has been adjudged accord-
ing to the rules and forms of tlie country, its justice ought
to be presumed."
W ell, sir, I admit that the justice of the decision
ought to be presumed if there were not facts to
show that there is no justice in it. Everybody
knows the irregularity of proceedings of this kind
in Mexico. And everybody who will take the
trouble to examine the papers in this case will see
that there can be no doubt of the irregularity and
utter injustice of the whole of these proceedings.
Sir, these goods were marked with the seal of
the public authorities at the city of Matamoras.
They were carried into the interior with the per-
mi's in the hands of the wagoners, or the owner
of the wagons who went with them, and they
' were seized and violently taken from him, upon
the pretense or suspicion that they had been smug-
gled into the country. The court, after confiscating
these goods, passed an order for the imprisonment
of the party, and another order for his appear-
ance within twenty days ot the time to answer to
the charge. Well, sir, this last order was received
as it seems from all the testimony, but three days
before the time the party was to appear. The
order of the court was, that he should appear
within twenty days. He received that order
seventeen days afterwards, and had three days to
travel four hundred and twenty miles. These
being the facts of the case, the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Mii.lson,] expresses his opinion,
that the party ought to have made his appearance
there, and appeajed from the decision of the court
with an order for his imprisonment staring him
in the face!
I Mr. BRIDGES. I wish to inquire of the gen-
j tleman whether Belden, instead of appearing
l before the court in pursuance of that notice, did
1 not run away and escape from Mexico ?
Mr. STANTON. He did, sir; and 1 think that
any gentleman who has any knowledge of the
ordinary mode of proceeding in that country, under
that Government, will justify him in doing so, and
pronounce his decision a wise one, to appeal to
his own Government, instead of attempting to
appeal from such legal proceedings as those were.
This is all I have to say upon the subject. I
shall vote for the bill as it may be amended.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I wish to say some-
thing upon this question; but I do not wish to do
it to-day. I move that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, with a view of taking up the French
spoliation bill.
Mr. HUNT. I hope the House will dispose
of the bill now before it; and which has been so
amply discussed.
Mr. BAYLY. My- purpose is to call up the
French spoliation bill, if I can get a majority to
do so.
Mr. KERR. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kerr and
Wheeler were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
seventy-nine in the affirmative.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bayly's
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 107, nays 64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Aberctombie, Aiken, Appleton, Thom-
as Ii. Bayly, Ball, Banks, Belcher, Bell, Benson, Bris-
tow, Bug?, Campbell, Caruthers, Chamberlain, Chandler,
Churchwell, Clingman, Cook, Cox, Crocker, (Jurt's,
Thomas Davis, Dick, Dickinson, Disney, Dunbar, Edser-
ton, Edmaiids, Etheridge, Everhart, Farley, Fenton, Flag-
