1855.
TJHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
375
is provided for in the bill under consideration, is
due these claimants, I am reminded of an anec-
dote of two men, who were called on by their
landlady to settle their biiis. When the bill was
presented to one, he reduced it fifty per cent, for
over charges* paid the amount, and went on hie
way. The other found that not half enough had
been" entered, and tfye landlady posted^ up the ac-
count again; but the next morning she found he
was missing. " Well," said she of the last one,
" he is the very best person I ever saw to' settle,
but the very worst to pay." (Laughter.]
Now,-sir, I very much fear it will be much the
same way with my friend . from South Carolina,
and my friend from .New Hampshire. They are
very anxious to make out a larger amount than
we have provided for. They are very anxious
to make out that forty or fifty millions are due.
Mr.- HIBCARD. My position is this: that
upon the principle that would make five millions
due, $ larger sum is due, The exact amount I
could not say. My judgment is, that nothing is
due.
Mr. CHANDLER, The gentleman then ad-
mits that.he is in the category of the last person;
he does not mean to pay anything. [Laughter.]
Mr. HJBBARD. No, sir; not one cent.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. Chairman, I have
but a few more words to say. The gentleman
from South Carolina, in his argument, speaks of
ethics.. Is it thfr ethics of the House of Rep-
* resentativesof the Dnited States, in the first place,
for fifty-three years to refuse compensation to
claimants because the sum is large, and then, at the
end of the fifty-three years, to plead, in abatement
that the claims are old ?—for it is that. Thirty
reports have been made to both Houses of Con-
gress upon these claims, nil in favor of them, all
going to establish, not only the justice of the
claims of the American citizens upon the French
Government, but the transfer of those claims from
France to our Government by the treaty of 18U0.
Gentlemen who hear me know that, by our
early treaty with the Government of France, by
which we acquired some aid from them in our
Revolution, we agreed to defend their West India
possessions. Weagreed to stand between the Brit-
ish Navy, or the navies of any other nations, ar.d
the unprotected French possessions in the West
Indies, with the few gun-boats, and other small
vessels, which we then had. I am reminded by
my friend from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] that, by
that treaty, we undertook to protect all the French
possessions on this continent. That only adds
force to the argument. It is cumulative at evety
point. Well, sir, we were unable to do it, and
we purchased off, and now we want to pay with
$5,000,000 for that impossibility of discharging
an obligation which we had assumed.
Sir, though that may have been the first treaty
that we purchased off from, it is not the last; but
it is the only one that we have not paid for.
Within a year, the Government of the United
States, finding itself unable to fulfill the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo, has paid £10,000,000 to the
Mexican Government to escape from the conse*
quences of violating that treaty, paid to a foreign
Government $10,000,000 to be freed from the stip-
ulations of a treaty; and now, when a case of the
game character is presented to us, something is
satd here about ethics. Sir, it was the opinion of
Washington, f think, that it is as good a motto
for a people, as for an individual; for a nation, as
for a man,that " honesty is the best policy." This
is the origin of the claims for French spoliations
Upon our commerce—mostly upon the vessels that
were engaged in conveying the productions of the
bays and inlets upon our coast to the European
markets. These, in many instances, were taken
and destroyed, and where they were so destroyed,
the claim may be established. But a considera-
ble portion, I believe, of the claims which 'will be
made upon the Government, will be for the de-
tention of vessels, and these may possibly sweil
the amount up to $10,000,000 or ^12,000,000.
Whether these can be allowed in commercial law,
or, what is sail stronger, commercial custom, is a
matter to be settled by the commission that shall
be appointed. But the claims for spoliations, for
the destruction of our ships and harbors, cannot
be denied.
Somebody said here in my hearing, that France
liad never recognized these claims. Sir, France
did recognize them in the treaty of September,
1800, and transferred them to us by that treaty.
The report of Mr. Livingston, of which i have
but an abstract before me, fully proves—
1. That the claims in question were admitted
to be just and valid by France and the United
States during the negotiations which terminated in
the convention of 1800.
2. That France paid these claims by presenting
counter claims as an offset, which were accepted
as such by the United States; and
3. That- the United States, by thus releasing
France from the claims of American citizens, and
appropriating them to her own use in satisfying
the claims of France upon her, has made herself
justly liable for their payment.
That is the state of facts as set forth by Mr.
Livingston, and that last is the deduction which
that great, clear-headed, just, man made from the
state of facts presented to him. I see not how we
can escape the conclusion. Do not let us hear
again anything about the amount of the. claims.
Gentlemen say that if the amount is '$10,000,000,
then £5.UUO,OtK) will not pay it. But, sir, there is
a provision in the bill that that sum shall close the
claims, and there is a stronger provision, or, if I
may be allowed such a mode of expression, there
is a want of previsions, that will insure the accept-
ance of it. Want and destitution are in the fami-
lies of the claimants, and the palsied widows and
hungry children look to us, not for charity, not
for eleemosynary aid, but for the just and honest
payment of a debt which we owe as much as we
oweanyclaimantsupon theTreasury of the United
States. '
Sir, it is contrary to good manners and to good
morals to set up a claim of abatement in conse-
quence of time. The statute of limitation runs
not in favor of the nation in that form. The
parties who are here ask of the Government of
the United States, not what this Government has
received—not half of it, not a quarter of it, for
$900,000,000 would not have created a fleet, sus-
tained an army, and carried on such a war as
would have been necessary for the defense of the
French possessions on this continent, and in the
W est ludies. Gentlemen must see that the Gov-
ernment would be a large gainer, even though we
should pay ten times the amount proposed in this
bill.
But, Mr. Chairman, American legislators will
not regnrd it in that light. American legislators
will not let the honor of the United States be
weighed against a few dollars and cents. If the
Government of our country lias not received a
dollar's advantage, the promise that it made to pay
hese claims should have secured their payment.
No man can regard this question as an American
nncl an American legislator, without feeling that
he is bound in honor to respond to the applica-
tion of these claimants, and establish a tribunal
by which their claims may be tested.
Let me not be told that the time for such a pro-
ceeding is past. Let me not be told that an
American Piesulent vetoed the bill. He did it,
sir, not because he did not think that the Govern-
ment was bound in honor to pay the claims, but
because he felt that he should dishonor the Treas-
ury again if he should sign that bill at that
moment, when five millions were wanted, if they
could be obtained, to carry on a cosily war.
I have no disposition to occupy the time of the
committee on this subject. We have before us,
Mr. Chairman, oiher business of vast importance
to attend to. We have before us business of very
great consequence, which oughtto be settled. But
we have not one bill before us, Mr. Chairman—
and I appeal to the gentlemen of the House to con-
firm what 1 say—we have no bill before us, and
we never wili have a bill before us, which more
concerns the honor of the American nation than
this bill which we are now discussing. I wili now
yield to the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Keitt.]
Mr. KEITT. Mr. Chairman, I have endeav-
ored, m my examination of this subject, to arrive
at us merits. I confess it is surrounded with
much of difficulty and embarrassment. Two ques-
tions present themselves to my mind: 1. Whether
there is any binding obligation upon us to pay
any sum to the claimants under French spoliations
upon cur commerce? and 2. What sum, if such
obligation exists?
Is there any binding obligation upon us? It is
clear that the spoliations were committed upon
the property of opr citizens, and that they have
never been indemnified. It is equally .clear that
we acquired a release from a treaty'-obligation to
maintain the claim of France to the West India
Islands, by releasing the claim of our citizens to
indemnity from France for spoliations committed
upon their property. Was not this so considered
at the time? Twenty-nine reports, I believe,
have been made to Congress, and only one of
these has been a majority report against the
justice and equitable obligation of these claims.
I remember, too, that while all the .facts jvere
fresh and -vivid in the public mind, General
Marion, of my own State, made a report in favor
of their validity. He was a man without stain, and
without reproach. Lowndes, too—a name em-
balmed in our hearts—attested them.
If, then, there be any liability, the second ques-
tion arises, what is the amount? This cannot
be ascertained. The prejudices, the passions, the
mists of more than fifty years have gathered
around these claims. If the Government owes
something, and the amount cannot be ascertained,
may we not enact a compromise upon these claims?
We were not compelled to go to -war with France
to obtain indemnity for these -claimants, and
although we obtained a valuable.consideration for
releasing France from them, we may, 1 think,
fairly compromise upon them.
i will not press this matter. I think there is an
obligation upon the Government; 1 think so be-
cause of the-facts above recited; I think so be-
cause of thedeliberate opinion of my distinguished
colleague in the Senate, [Judge Evans,] whose
accurate information and judicial sagacity and
weight, invest any cause with high sanctions.
I think, too, the amount is difficult, if not impos-
sible, of liquidation; and, therefore, I am willing
to settle the claims for the amount in the bill, if
the Government is fully secured against any future
claims on account of these spoliations,
Mr. LETCHER. I do not desire, Mr. Chair-
man, to make a speech at present; but I mean to
indicate an amendment which I shall offer to this
bill at the proper time. 1 shalj propose to add, at
the close of the fifth section of the bill, this pro-
viso:
Provided, That no insurance office, or companyof insur-
er"-,^ assignees of insurers, shall receive any indemnity
whatever under this act; and no assignee of original claim-
ants, other than insurers, shall receive anything more than
they actually paid for the claims they hold ; and it thall he
the dutv of every claimant to lay his oiaun before'the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, showing its origin nwUhe character
in which ho claims, with the amount actually paid by him
when he claims as assignee; and the truth o) all statements
so made shall be inquired into under the directions of the
Pccretary of the TreaMiry, by the Solicitor "of the Treasury,
and some accounlmg officer, with power to send for per-
sons and papers, ami to examine witnesses on oath, and take
their testimony in writing; and in all such cases the bur-
den of proof fchall he upon the claimant, subject to bfc in-
validated by counter testimony; and no money shall be
paid, in any ease, until the chum has been so examined
and reported to the Secretary of the Treasury, and ap-
proved by him.
Mr. LETCHER. I submit the motion that
I the committee do now rise.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the Chairman
of the committee reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had had
under consideration the state of the Union gener-
ally, and especially Senate bill No. 117, commonly
called the French spoliation bill, and had come to
no resolution thereon.
Mr. BAYLY. I now move the usual resolu-
tion, to stop debate on this bill in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union in two
hours after that committee shall have resumed its
consideration.
[Cries of" Oh, no!" "No!"]
Mr. BENTON intimated, in alow tone of voice,
that the effect of this was to gag the expression of
opinion.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Benton] seems to think that I am trying to
gas: gentlemen who may desire to speak on this
bill. So far from that, sir, my friends all over the
House know that, in proposing two hours for the
closing of debate, it was against the wishes of the
friends of the"bill, who thought that that time was
too long, inasmuch as the subject is well under
stood, and the House is ready to vote.
