E78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24>
I clo not see how it is possible to resist the zeal and
earnestness with which he presses his measure,
especially when seconded by the anxious, implor-
ing looks of ray friend from Virginia, [Mr. Hun-
ter.] He looks forward with dread to the last
night of the session, with ail the appropriation bills
still undisposed of. I do not think it is just to him,
I do not think it is just to the Government, after
the statement of my friend from Illinois, to refuse
to take up the bill. But, permit me to say that
my friends around me are under a little mistake
as to the prior orders. The first business in order,
if I understand the rules, is the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday. It takes precedence of all other
business, and that is the bounty land bill; or the
bill for the benefit of poor soldiers and their widows
and children. Now, sir, I was going to call that
bill up, and insist upon it as justly entitled to
precedence over all the others alluded to by my
friends from South Carolina, Louisiana, and
Michigan; but it is impossible to resist the appeal
made by my friends from Illinois and Virginia.
I think we ought to take up and pass the Army
appropriation bill. It will not take lor.g; but if it
should, it is a stronger reason why it should be
taken up now. Hereafter we shall not have the
time to give to that, when we are called upon to
pass the larger appropriation bills.
Mr. Shiklds's motion was agreed to—ayes 24,
noes 13.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate accordingly proceeded, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, to consider the bill from the
House of Representatives, making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1856.
The Committee on Finance had reported it with
an amendment, which was to strike out—
Fio impairs, preservation, and contingencies of arsenals,
$50,00J,
And insert—
For arsenals, melmhns tlx* purchase of Pite^ for new
arymnlsin Te\;is and Now Moueo, and the erertion of
suHiible magazines and oihor aisrnal buildings in Texas,
California,'Oregon, and New Mexico,
- Mr. SHIELDS. I do not think that amend-
ment ought to be adopted at this time, it is a very
large appropriation of money for new arsenals. It
has not passed under the review of the Committee
on Military Affairs, and has not been examined
by that committee. To me it does not g eem to
be the right kind of legislation to appropriate such
an immense sum for this purpose now.
Mr. CASS. What is the amount ?
Mr. HUNTER. The amount estimated was
#268,175.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will state to the honorable
Senator, who is chairman of the Committee on
Finance, how the matter stands, as I am, per-
haps, a little better acquainted with it than he is,
having Imd occasion to examine it. It ha* become
almost a system of speculation to purchase aisenal
sites for the Government at immense expense,
then to erect, expensive buildings on those sues,
and, in a few yearsj come to Congress to have the
arsenal sites sold or otherwise disposed of. My
friend from North Carolina [Mr. Badger] the
other day presented a proposition to have the
arsenal grounds at Fayetteville, in his State, sold;
and we are every day receiving such applications.
I think it is time there should be some general
system upon this subject. A few arsenals—one ;
in the northeast, another in the southeast, and so
on, will he amply sufficient; but this is a most
extravagant species of legislation.
Mr. HUNTER. I would state, in regard to
this matter, that the House of Representatives
seem to have entertained the opinion of the chair- i
man of the Committee on Military Alfairs, and 1
reduced the estimate; but I consulted with the
Department upon the subject, and it vtas the opin-
ion of the Department that the original estimate
ought to be restored, and that it would be good
economy to restore it, because it would enable '
them to preserve the military stores and arms. A !
portion of this appropriation is to establish arse- '
nals in some of the new States and Territories in !
which there are none. I have no personal or '
special knowledge on the subject. The Commit- !
tee on Finance were governed by the recommend- '
ations of the Secretary of War, who was again :
consulted by us after we found the estimate had j
been reduced by the House. It was his opinion
that it was necessary, and we deferred to' that
opinion. 1 do not feel any special interest in the
amendment; the Senate can decide upon it as they
think best.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I am rather aston-
ished at the statement of the honorable Senator
from Illinois. It may be true that the system of
which he speaks has prevailed in places where
they have no use for arsenals, because there are
no troops there. It may be true that there has
been some very improper conduct under that
head; but is it right that, because of improper con-
duct committed by those who do not need them,
the Government should deny these facilities to
places where these arsenals are necessary in order
to protect the interests of the Government? Most
of this appropriation is for California, New Mex-
ico, Texas, and Oregon. To my certain know-
ledge, the United States have no suitable buildings
in Texas in which to put their ammunition and
arms. What is the result? You have troops
there; and there is a pressing necessity for more
troops than you have there, to protect the inhab-
itants against marauding Indians. If you have a
necessity for troops, ammunition and arms are
also necessary. These are exposed to the weather
without any means of taking care of them; and
the result is great injury to the service, and a
greater loss to the Government than the amount
of this appropriation.
Sir, I apprehend that the Secretary of War
understands this business quite as well, perhaps,
as a committee of this House. J protest against
the principle that the people of California, of
Oregon, of Texas, and of New Mexico, shall be
subjected to inconveniences, as an expiation for
the sins of others m making speculations out of
arsenals. It may have been done; I know nothing
about it; I have not resided where it has been
done; but I protest against punishment for faults
committed by others being bestowed on the new
States where these arsenals are absolutely neces-
sary.
Mr. SHIELDS. I know the honorable Senator I
takes a deep interest in this matter, because it
embraces his own State, and leads to a large
expenditure of money there; and I regret exceed-
ingly to be compelled, from a sense of duty, to
oppose any measure in which he takes an interest;
but, sir, what is the object of these arsenals? To
preserve arms and ammunition. How many of i
them should there be for that object in these i
United States, taking the whole country together-5
Not more, perhaps, than the number provided for
in this amendment. Do you suppose that we are
compelled to pile and stock away such an amount
of arms and ammunition as to require large arse-
nals at all these different places? I have examined
this subject thoroughly, as far as I could make
myself acquainted with it; and my impiession is,
that we should have an arsenal in the northeast,
i embracing New England and New York, an arse-
! nal m the southeast, embracing a certain region
I there, an arsenal in the northwest, one in the
j southwest, and so on But here an arsenal site,
i with *' suitable magazines and other arsenal build-
| nigs," is proposed to be provided for Texas, for
j New Mexico, foi California, and for Oregon.
! My opinion is, that there are not arms and ammu-
1 nition enough at all these places to Jill one arsenal.
| I 'egret, as I said, to be compelled, from a sense .
i of high duty, to oppose this amendment. We are |
; about to incur a very large expense m the protec- I
j tion of our distant Territories. That expense I j
| will freely vote for and recommend; but I cannot <'
j vote for what I believe to be an.unnecessary, use- I
] less, and uncalled for expenditure, so far as the '
j protection of the country is concerned. You |
j might as well throw the money into the Missis- !
! sippi as spend it in this way. I shall vote against !
j it. There is already an arsenal in California; at
j least there has been an appropriation for one.
I Mr. RUSK. There is none in Texas.
| Mr. SHIELDS. There is plenty of room in
Texas to store away all the arms and ammunition I
| they have. Throughoutthe whole nor'.hwest there \
} is not one arsenal that you can properly call an j
j arsenal; in the southwest it is the same. The j
! arsenals which are there are now being broken up, i
and the parties concerned are calling upon us to i
j have them sold and disposed of, after the Gov- |i
i ernment has expended two hundred, three hun-;j
j dred, and sometimes four hundred thousand dollars i|
j on one of them. I say again, that I must vote j|
against this expenditure, because I know that it is
unnecessary.
Mr. VVELLER. Mr. President, the appro-
priation of $268,175 which the chairman of the
Committee on Finance now moves "to insert m
conformity with the estimates, is made up of a great
number of items. It includes an appropriation for
the arsenals at Alleghany, Augusta, Appalachi-
cola, Charleston, Detroit, Frankford, Port Mon-
roe, Kennebec, Mount Vernon, New York, Pikes-
ville, Washington, Watervliet, and Boston, and
arsenals in Texas and New Mexico. The whole
amount which it is proposed to appropriate, is
$268,175. Jf the Senator from Illinois can show
me that an arsenal is not necessary at any of these
points for which we propose an appropriation, I
will go with him in striking that from the bill.
At the last session of Congress there was an
appropriation made for the construction of an
arsenal at Benicia, in California. Therepresent-
ation which was made by the War Department in
reference to that arsenal was, that a large quantity
of ammunition, including an immense amount of
powder, had been kept in a frame building; that
in the fall season, the hills and lots adjacent being
covered with wild oats? as is usually the case,
took fire, and that fire, before it could be arrested,
reached within fifty yards of the arsenal. That
was assigned last year, by the officers, as a reason
why an arsenal should be constructed at Benicia,
so that the ordnance stores could be properly
taken care of. An appropriation was made for
the purpose; and now the Secretary of War asks
for |,40,000 to complete the arsenal which has thus
been commenced.
These works are indispensable for the preser-
vation of the public property. It will be utterly
impossible to keep the public arms and ammuni-
tion in good order and preservation without the
construction of these buildings, where they can
be safely kept. If, therefore, the Senator from
Illinois can show me that an arsenal is not neces-
sary at a single point for which we now propose
an appropriation, I will go for its abolition; in
other words, I will vote against an appropriation
for that work. But, I undertake to say, he will
find, upon examination, that nearly all, if not all,
of these works .are indispensable, and that the
public interest requires that the whole amount
estimated should be appropriated.
I have no doubt arsenals are equally necessary
in the State of Texas; I know they are in New
Mexico. If you intend to preserve the public
property there, if you wish to have your Army
at all times m a condition to act efficiently against
the great body of the Indians who are congregated
there, you must make these appropriations foe
arsenals or places where arms and ammunitions
can be properly taken care of.
_ Mr. SHIELDS. I do not wish to waste the
time of the Senate on this subject. I regret that
my friend from California thinks this appro-
priation absolutely necessary. I cannot agree
with that honorable Senator, for f think it is not
necessary, and I have not the least idea that it is
indispensable. No Senator in this body has gone
further than I have in making all necessary appro-
priations for the protection of ourrecent territorial
acquisitions; but what I believe to be wholly un-
necessary, I shall oppose. I oppose this measure
for the Simple leason that the honorable Senator
knows as well as I do, that we are coming in with
propositions here that will bevery expensive, and
we ought not to force upon the Government or
the country anything but what is necessary and
indispensable at this time. I do net think this
is so.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to atk the Senator
from Illinois, at what point provided for in this ap-
propriation, he supposes ids unnecessary to have
arsenals? They areall named in the report of the
Secretary of War. If the Senator will be good
enough to point out the places where public arse-
nals are not needed, the Senate can judge of the
propriety of making the appropriation.
Mr. SHIELDS. There is an arsenal now at
Benicia, in California, that will contain all the
arms in the United States.
Mr. WELLER. It has not yet been finished.
Part of this appropriation is for its completion.
Mr. CASS. I shall vote against this appropri-
ation, on the ground that 1 prefer that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs should examine this
point and decide the question. There is mush
