1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE).
879
justice in what the honorable Senator from Illinois
has said on the subject of arsenals.' There is a
disposition to increase the number. Now we have
two armories of construction, call them arsenals
or not, as you please. We do not want any-
more; they are enough. The facilities of trans-
portation are so increased that you can transport
arms from Harper's Ferry, or Springfield, to any
point required; and by multiplying them you only
multiply the difficulties and expenses. We cer-
tainly do need deppts in various parts of the
Union, in which to deposit the arms as they are
wanted, and some, perhaps, in Which they may
be repaired. A system of repairs was commenced
in some arsenals, but it has been discontinued
because it was found that the object was not
worth the expenditure. It may be, and no doubt
is, true that depots should be provided in various
parts of the country. We need magazines and
depots in which to put the arms; and, in some
places, arsenals for repair are required. But as
the honorable Senator has said, there is many a
State in the Union without an arsenal; one is not
necessary in each State. I am perfectly willing to
vote for whatever is necessary, but I do not want
to multiply these arsenals unnecessarily, and it
seems to me there is such a disposition. I prefer
that the Military Committee should examine this
point, and make a special report.
Mr. HUSK. ■ The State of Texas, which I
represent, has a thousand miles of frontier ex-
posed to the depredations of hostile Indians; and
if there is in that State any building belonging to
the United States sufficient to shelter the arms and
ammunition of a single company, I should be glad
if the honorable Senator from Illinois, or the hon-
orableSenator from Michigan, would point it out.
Now, it is no argument against this proposition
to say that you have multiplied arsenals in
places where they are not needed—in States not
exposed to the depredations of Indians, and not
requiring them. They have no troops, and why
is there a necessity for any arsenals there? That
is very correct; but you send troops to the frontier
ofTexas. Itis thesamecase with California, New
Mexico, and Oregon. You send troops there for
the purpose of protecting the frontier. Itis neces-
sary that those troops shall have arms and ammu-
nition; and what shall they do with them ? Shall
they throw down their powder and arms, and
allow the rain to fall on them? Is it proper that
the Government should be entirely destitute of
any means whatever of sheltering the arms and
ammunition which they send there for the use of
the troops? If so, let the amendment be rejected;
if not, it should be adopted.
Mr. SHIELDS. I shall unite with my honor-
able friend from Texas, or the Senator from Cali-
fornia, or any other gentleman, in making ample
provision for a depot of arms at all the necessary
points of the nation, as stated by the Senator from
Michigan; but let us have it sys'tematieally. Does
not the honorable Senator suppose that Kansas
and Nebraska are as much exposed now as Texas
—even more so. Texas has population to protect
itself; the scattered settlements in theseTerritories
have not. Are not depots of arms as necessary
there as in Texas? What I want, is to have the
thing done systematically and fairly all over the
country, and not have it confined to a few appro-
priations for a few places. I am prepared to
support a system which will accommodate the
whole country. The honorable Senator from
Missouri [iMr. Atchison] suggests to me that
there is not a military post in the country which
has not some kind of an arsenal attached to it.
Thus, ample provision is made for the ammunition
and arms at each post, and it is not necessary to
construct an immense building for that purpose.
I desire to see posts established in the Indian
country for the protection of the emigrant routes
and the frontier, and ample provision made for
arms at those posts; but I do not want money to
be spent unnecessarily in building magnificent
structures. That is what I object to.
Mr. RUSK. In the name of common sense,
what'sort of magnificent structures could be built
at half a dozen places for $268,000 ?
' Mr. SHIELDS. It will require §2,000,000 to
finish them; that is the reason I object to it. This
is only the commencement.
Mr. RUSK. " Sufficient for the day is the evil
thereof." If we are hereafter asked to appropriate
12,000,000, 1 shall vote against it myself. I hope
the amendment will be read, to see whether there
is any ground for the Senator's statement.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. RUSK. The honorable Senator says he
will go with me for ageneral system. Headmits
the force of my argument. There is no prepara-
tion now, in my State, for taking care of the arms
and ammunition. He has been chairman of the
Military Committee for a long time, and I have
not seen that general system. •
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to tell him the reason?
Mr. RUSK. Certainly.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have found that in those
neto countries where a post is established, that
post is a sufficient protection for the arms and
ammunition for that region; but, as the country
advances and increases in population, an arsenal
built now must be removed and placed in a new
position three years from this time. That is one
of the objections.
• Mr. RUSK. Then, as the population of the
United States is always pushing out, according to
that reasoning, there never would be an arsenal
built; you would have to throw down your arms
and ammunition without any means of protecting
them.
Another argument of the Senator is, that Kan-
sas and Nebraska should be also provided for. I
have not objected to that; but I do not represent
them. I take it for granted that the Secretary of
War, who is in communication with the troops,
and knows their necessities, has a little better in-
formation on this subject than I have; and I vote
according to his estimate. I state from personal
knowledge, that you have not a single place in the
State of Texas belonging to the United States, which
is fit to take care of the arms and munitions of even
a solitary company; but if you desire to keep them
in that condition, if you desire to have troops on
the frontier, and send out arms to be destroyed, !
it is well enough to pay no heed whatever to the
Secretary of War.
Mr. HUNTER. I only rise to state that an
explanation of every item which composes this
sum total of $'2G8,175 will be found in the annual
estimates, beginning at page 239, and ending at
page 241). A particular explanation will befound
there of every item which is asked for by the De-
partment. I can only state, that the explanation
seemed to be satisfactory, and the Department
was of the decided opinion that it was a measure
of economy, because it was necessary to provide
buildings either by erecting or renting them, in
order to protect the arms, and not suffer them to
be wasted, as they would be if there were no
buildings for their protection. If we are to have
buildings, it is better to erect them than to rent
them; and it was supposed to be a measure of
economy to proceed gradually, as we are proceed-
ing, in order to provide arsenals enough to take
care of all the arms and ammunition at different
points of the country. In so large a country as
this, we are obliged to establish them at a great
many points, and, for that reason, I presume,
this amount has been asked. It seems to me not
very large, when we consider the number of arse-
nals to which it is to be applied. It is useless to
weary the Senate by reading the many pages of
estimates which refer to the subject; the Senate
would not listen to me if I should attempt it.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Do 1 understand the
amendment moved by the Committee on Finance
to be the one recommended by the Secretary of
War.
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. RUSK called for the yeas and nays on the
amendment; and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Brown, Clay, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Dodge ot lowaj Fitzpatnck, Geyer, Gwin,
Hou-ton, Hunter, .lohnson, Jones ot Iowa, Mallory, Pr itt,
Iteid, Rusk, Sebastian, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toueev, VVeller, and Wright—-3.
NAYti—Metsrs. Benjamin, Brainerd, Bright, Brodhead,
Cass, Chase, Cooper, D.iwson, Fessenden, Fish, Foot,
Gillette, Jones of Tennessee, Pettit, Rockwell, Seward,
Shields, and Wade—18.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to move to amend the item,
" for subsistence in kind," by increasing the ap-
propriation from §1,104,855 to $1,381,068 75.
This is a restoration of the original estimate.
The estimate from the Department was for this
amount, but it was cut .down in the House to
$1,304,855. Upon this subject, also, we consulted
the Department, and it was the opinion there that
it would be impossible to get on with a less amount
of money than this. Here, sir, is a letter* which
was sent to me, in reply to verbal inquiries which
I made at the War Department, which I ask may .
be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
War Department, Washington, January 10,1855.
Sir: In reply to your verbal inquiries in regard to the
estimates of the subsistence department for the service of
the next fiscal year, I have the honor to transmit herewith •
a report from the commissary general of subsistence, and to
inform you that his opinion, that it would be unsafe to
diminish, in any particular, the estimate for " subsistence
in kind" for the Army, is concurred in by this Department.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JEFF. DAVIS, Secretary of War.
Hon. R. M. T. Hunter, ^ .
Chairman of Committee on Finance, Senate.
Officf of Commissary General of Subsistence, )
Washington, January 10, 1855. $
Sir: To meet the verbal inquiries made by the chairman
of the Committee on Finance of the Senate, I have the
honor to report—
First. In my lastannual estimate," dated 16th October,
1831, I estimated the ration at twenty-five cents, because
of the increase in price of nearljrtfcvery article composing
the ration—fresh beef alone having risen over fifty per
centum.'
The same reason governed me in estimating the ration
at twenty-five cents, in my annual estimate, dated October
19,1853.
Sccond. Twenty cents may be a full allowance for the
ration as purchased in bulk in the market; but the esti-
mated price (twenty-five cenis) is expected to cover me
whole expense of this Department, until the ration is deliv-
ered to the soldier ; as follows:
Erecting bake ovens;
Expenses ot" packing and packages;
Cost of tools, weights, and measures ; and
The per them to assistants to the assistant commissaries
of subsistence, per act August 4, 1854.
Third. The estimate is made for the entire strength of
the Army, " as if it were full." •
Experience has proved that, to supply our Army, as now
scattered, with subsistence, it is necessary to forward an
additional supply of nearly thirty per ccntum to make up
for lo^es by shipwreck and by land transportation, by
wastage, decay, and deterioration of the stores m store-
houses.
In providing for the full number of any force, its casual-
ties and want of numbers about make up for the losses
above mentioned in subsistence.
Any deduction m the number of men estimated for, must
therefore be met by a corresponding increase of the value
of the ration.
In conclusion, I would respectfully state that, in consid-
eration of the present state of the provision market, (some
of the European Governments are already pmchasmg in
our markets,) it would, in my opinion, be unsafe to dimin-
ish, in any particular, the estimate for "subsistence in
kind" for the Army.
Most respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEOilGE GIBSON, Commissary General.
Uon. Jeff. Davis, Secretary of War.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I offer another amendment,
from the Committee on Finance, to insert after
the appropriation for lake surveys:
For surveys f. r military defenses of the sea and inland
frontier, $15,000.
That is according to estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I oiler the following amend-
ment, from the Committee on Finance:
For printing a new system of light infantry and rifle
tactics, to be stereotyped, with «nctaved plates, ami for
procuring distribution to the militia of the United States of
the books of tactical instruction, including the system of
regulations now in cuursc ot piepitration, $30,000.
That is according to an estimate from the De-
partment of War. The Secretary of War is anx-
ious to have this book stereotyped, because it will
be wanted hereafter, and constantly wanted, for
the use of the regular Army and militia of the
United States. Here is a letter which was ad- .
dressed to me on that subject, and i ask that it be
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
War Department, Washington, January 10, 1855.
Sir : I have the honor to recommend that an appropria-
tion of $30,000 be made m the Army appropriation bill row
pending in the Senate, for printing a new system of light
infantry and rifle tactics, to be stereotyped, with engraved
plates, and for procuring, for attribution to the mihtia of
the United States, •  books of tactical instruction,
including the system of regulations now in course of prep-
aration. ' _ . t r
With regard to the first of these objects, I nave to refer
the committer to the report herewith transmitted, of the
board of officers by which the system of light infantry and
rifle tactics was prepared, and dapted to our service, and
to the inclos -d copies of communications from other expe-
rienced officers respecting the value of the sy tem.
The distribution of works Of tactical mstruc;ion to the
militia ha# been heretofore recommended in the annual
