382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
The bill passed its second reading, but was lost
for want of time. The-first section of the amend-
ment provides that, in the distribution of arms
among the States, they shall be distributed accord-
ing to the representative population. They are
distributed now according to the militia returns
made by the several States to the War Depart-
ment, which are very uncertain. For instance,
some States have the militia organized; others
have not. Some get four times as many arms as
another twice as large. * Georgia has no organ-
ized system, and Delaware has; and, under the
present plan, Delaware gets more arms than Geor-
gia. This proposition simply equalizes it by
requiring the arms to be distributed according to
population, as represented by representation in
the Congress of the United States.
The second proposition of the amendment, is to
authorize the Governors of the several States to
sell such portion of the public arms as have been
deposited with them asthe.ydeem necessary,and
invest the money in other arms of better character.
That grew out of a proposition, made by several
States to the General Government, to exchange
the old musket, that was made twenty years ago,
for the improved musket now. The Government
cannot do that, without exhausting our public
arsenals of all the arms we have. They are on
deposit with the States; they are useless for ail
practical purposes of war; the old muskets we
had twenty years; the old Hall rifles, which are
not worth their weight in railroad iron, are lying
in my State, by thousands and tens of thousands,
and are utterly worthless to the country. This
section simply provides, that the Governors of the
State? may sell the old arms, and reinvest the
money in some arm that is useful.
Mr. HUNTER. I will ask the Senator from
Tennessee, if he has so guaided the amendment,,
that it applies to arms now on hand? because,
otherwise, it may give the Governors power to
change the description of arms, and they may sell
those hereafter received.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If it does not pre-
vent that, i will have it do so. That was the
object.
'Mr. HUNTER. Let it be read again.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 move to strike out the words
" or which may be hereafter distributed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I accept that
amendment. The object is simply to get at the
old arms, which are useless.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I suggest to the Sen-
ator an amendment to add after u Representatives"
the words "and Senators," so as to distribute
arms according to the number of Senators and
Representatives of each State.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no objec-
tion to that; I accept it.
Mr. WELLER. The amendment, I believe,
was agreed to, striking out " hereafter," so that
they shall not be authorized to dispose of arms
hereafter distributed.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modifica-
tion was accepted by the mover of the amendment.
Mr. WELLER. I suppose the only object is
to get rid of useless muskets heretofore distributed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is it.
Mr. DAWSON". Do ( understand the word
tf Senators " is proposed to be inserted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER The Senator
from Tennessee accepted that modification.
Mr. DAWSON. I hope not. it would give
to the State of Delaware three times as many
arms as she would be entitled to.
Mr. CLAYTON. No, sir.
Mr. DAWSON. She has one Representative
and two Senators, and that proposition would
give her three times as much as she is entitled to.
Mr. CLAYTON. To distribute the arms ac-
cording to the number of Representatives, would
be to deprive those States which have but one
Representative and a large fraction, of their just
rights. If the Senator from Georgia wishes to
adopt the principle of Federal population, why
not say so? f prefer the amendment as it stands,
modified on the suggestion of the Senator from
Iowa, to distribute arms according to the number
of Senators and Representatives of each State.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wi«h to ask the Senator
from Tennessee whether his amendment contains
any limitation, or direction, or guidance to the
■Governors of the different States in purchasing
these new arms. I believe that his amendment
leaves it entirely to the Governors to invest the
proceeds, as each may think proper, in any de-
scription of arms. If that should be done, there
would be no uniformity; at least, an entire uni-
formity would be very improbable. OneStatemay
introduce one description of arms, and another, a
different one; and they may go into schemes
which are afloat, purchase various descriptions of
arms, and none have the description used in the
United States service, which, if called upon by
the country, they should be able to avail them-
selves of, in the ordinary tactics of the country.
Now, I suggest, whether they ought not to be
made, in the purchase of th-ese arms, to conform
to the classes of arms used by the troops of the
United States, instead of being left free to enter
into any speculations or improvements, and thus
ultimately lose the whole fund.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. In answer to my
friend from Aikansas I will state, that the sugges*
tion which he makes would fail to obviate the
very difficulty under which we labor. He pro-
poses to require the Governors of the several
States, in making the new purchase, to conform
to the arms now used by the Government of the
United Slates. That is the very difficulty which
I desire to remedy. In my State there are many
thousands of the old fashioned Hall rifle3 which
have been adopted by the Government of the
United States; and which are as useless as so
many pop-guns. If you require the Governors
of the States to purchase the same character of
arms, they may just as well hold those they now
have. What 1 desire to accomplish is, that the
Governors of the States may be invested with
power to sell such arms as are useless, and to
appropriate the proceeds of the sales to the pur-
chase of such arms as the public service may le-
quire. We can place no restriction on it that I
see. We must leave that to the discretion of the
Governor. He is responsible to his State; the
arms are under his control and discretion. Now,
under this amendment, he has no other discretion
than to sell them, and reinvest the proceeds in
such arms, as, in his judgment, in the exercise of
his legitimate authority, are best for the public
service. If we are to go back and reinvest the
money in the same character of arms we have
already got, there is no necessity for a sale. We
want to get aims which are useful. Whether
you restrict them to muskets or not, is a matter of
indifference to me; but if we are to have the mus-
ket let us have a better one than we have now.
I do not care whether they purchase arms of
one man or another. 1 have no interest in it. But
I am willing to leave that to the Governois of the
different States. I am willing to trust the Gov-
ernor of Arkansas to dctennme whether he will
have Sharp's nil", or the Hall rifle, or a musket.
That is immaterial to me. We have a variety of
arms in the public service. We have Sharp's
r.fl.*, Hull's rifle, the musket, and the common
American rifle used in the military service of the
United States, and I think it perfectly safe to leave
it to the discretion of Governors what arms they
shall purchase. They will be bound to invest the
money in good faith m arms for the public service.
Whether they take one gun or another I am will-
ing to leave to them.
Mr. HUNTER. I think there is much force
in what was suggested by the Senator from Ar-
kansas, [Mr. Johnson,] that it is desirable the
militia should be srmed uniformly. It is just as
desirable as that they should be drilled uniformly
and have the same system of tactics. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas proposes to put some restric-
tion on the Governors, so as to require them to
buy the same arm as is used by the United States.
They might lay out the money in some new in-
vention, Home arm not usually used.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will obviate that
difficulty. I will accept that amendment, because
there is not an arm used in this country which is
not in the service of the United States. I make
that restriction.
Mr JOHNSON. Then I will propose to strike
out the word "Governors," and insert ''Presi-
dent of the United States;" so $s to have the
money pass into the Treasury, and then distribute
arms to the value of that money to the States. I
propr se to insert the President of the United States,
or the secretary of War, so as to carry out this
object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I cannot agree to
take from the States the arms deposited with them.
They belong to the States. They were placed
there by law, under the supervision of the Gov-
ernor and Legislature. I am not willing to divest
them of that authority. I am not willing to transfer
it to the Secretary of War. I have no right to
do so. I am not instructed or authorized by my
State to give back her arms to the President of the
United States, or to the Secretary of War. If we
are not able to manage our own arms, we shall
not call upon anybody else to manage them for
us. If the Governors and Legislatures of the
States cannot sell the arms they have, if they are
deemed useless, let them keep them as they are,
and not send them back to the President of the
United States or to the Secretary of War to de-
termine what character of arms the people of Ten-
nessee, or any other State, may want. I would
rather the proposition should fail than send the
arms back to the Secretary or President.
Mr. PRATT. I should always feel disposed
to follow the course indicated by a standing com-
mittee, and more especially in regard to a subject
on which 1 am so entirely lg/iorant as military
affairs; but it strikes me that there is a practical
difficulty m the object designed by the honorable
Senator from Tennessee. It is to authorize the
Governors to sell what? Why, sir, arms, which
he describes as being altogether useless. Well,
now, if they be useless, how can they be sold ?
Who will buy them? Would the people of Ten-
nessee buy an arm which was altogether worth-
less? I doubt it.
Permit me also to suggest, that I think the ob-
ject of the honorable Senator would be met by
adopting a course something similar to this: Sup-
pose, instead of directing the arms to be sold by the
State?, he should propose to direct the Secretary
of War of the United States to send to each State,
where these useless arms have heretofore been
distributed, arms which are now known to be use-
ful, of equivalent value with those useless arms, and
let the States return to the Federal Government
the arms which have been sent to them, and are
of no service. That would be practicable. We
could understand that. The people of each State
would then get some arms which would be ser-
viceable to them, and the arms which have been
given to them and have turned out to be good for
nothing, would be returned to the Government
who sent them. That would be a practical meas-
ure, and I think it would attain, perhaps, the ob-
ject of the Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The very sugges-
tion made by the Senator from Maryland, was"the
one made to the Military Committee, out of which
this amendment grew. A proposition was made
by two or three States to exchange the old arms
deposited with the States for new arms then in the
service of the country. We submitted that ques-
tion, I tin k, to the Secretary of War, and upon
an investigation it was found that, if that system
were adopted, every arm m the national arsenals
would be exhausted, and still there would not be
half enough to supply the demand from the States.
Then we cannot do that. If we had accepted that
proposition to exchange the old arm for the im-
proved arm, all the arms now on deposit with
the Federal Government would be exhausted, and
we should have nothing for national defense.
We should have adopted that suggestion if we
could, but it was found to be impracticable.
Another proposition which was made was, that
the States should be allowed to send the useless
arms to the national armories and have them
refitted, and made useful to the country. 'The
Department informed the committee that it would
cost eighty cents a piece to convert the old musket
into the new musket, or, rather the flint lock into
the percussion lock. When we came to add the
cost of transportation to the armories and back,
we found it would cost the States more than the
arms were worth.
Mr. JAMES. And then they would be good
for nothing.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Senator says
they would be good for nothing. I do not know
about^ that. There was, however, this difficulty:
the Government would not agree to exchange,
because they had a great many more arms with
the States, on deposit, than were in the national
arsenals. We could not agree to send them from
the States to the national armories to be refitted,
