1855.
1HE-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
383
.because it would cost more to send them there and
back than it would to refit them. The amendment
proposes to authorize the Governors of the States
to eel! the old arrae! for what they will bring, and
reinvest the proceeds in such arms as are used by
the United States.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator from Tennessee
remarked, in apswer to the suggestion to insert
"Secretary of War," that the arms belonged to
the State? themselves, and, that he would not agree
to take them from under their immediate jurisdic-
tion and entire control. Am I correct in that?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Thatis my opinion.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then if they belong to the
States entirely, what-have we to do with the sub-
ject? Why are we legislating in regard to their
eale? If the arms belong to the States, what right
have we to say they shall or shall not sell them?
1 cannot but believe, that, if the authority to sell
be given in this way, in many instances, in the
different States, the arms on hand will be sacri-
ficed. I imagine they are not so utterly useless
now as the Senator thinks. J have no doubt the
Hall rifle is worthless; but I have no idea that all
the arms are in that condition, or that they could
not be used upon any sudden emergency. U is
plain to my mind that, if the arms be sold in this
way, they will be sacrificed in most instances;
and even if they should be sold for anything
material, the proceeds will be invested in all the
little inventions in fire-arms which speculators
may have on hand. In this manner, the original
appropriation of arms jvill go for nothing. It
"will become a mere fund for experiment, and the
encouragement of little inventions in arms. I
think so, because there is no limitation as to cali-
ber; no requirement that the arms purchased shall
be of the same character with those used by the
troops of the United States, under the regulations
which are laid down by the Department of War.
In order to obviate these objections, I move to
amend the amendment by adding this proviso:
Provided, That no arms be so purchasedor provided ex-
cept such as may he of ihe same description and caliber in
Use in the Army of the United States.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I accept that with
a great deal of pleasure. I have no difficulty about
it. But I wish to put myself right in regard to a
remark made by my friend from Arkansas. I
stated I was not willing to take these arms from
the jurisdiction of the States to which they belong.
The Senator says I am mistaken. This is what i
understand to be the law of 1808, distributing
these arms: They are deposited with the States,
subject to the control of the governments of the
States, the Federal Government having no juris-
diction over them, except when they are needed
for the defense of the country and for the arming
of the mihtia, they may be required to be thus
used. They are as essentially subject to the con-
trol and direction of the States as any other prop-
erty of theirs, the Federal Government having no
power over them except the isolated power to re-
quire them to be used by the militia of the States
•when the militia are called out in defense of the
country. The Governors of the States are using
these guns every day. There are not less than
ten thousand of them now in the hands of individ-
ual militia in the State of Tennessee, which were
deposited with the State by the General Govern-
ment. if they belong to the General Government,
the State has no right to use them for this purpose.
The Federal Government has deposited them sub-
ject alone to the condition which I have stated.
They are to be kept by the Siate, to be used for
the defense of the country, and when the General
Orovernment orders out the militia, or requiresthe
militia to be ordered out by the State govern-
ments, these arms are then to be put in their hands.
That is the condition of the law.
Mr. WELLER. It seems to me that the Sen-
ator from Tennessee does not answer the ob-
jection of my friend from Arkansas. If his doc-
trine be true that the property is in the States,
the States require no consent of Congress to sell
or dispose of the arms. But I think they are dis-
tributed among the States as trustees for the Fed-
eral Government. The States hold them for a
specific purpose. That purpose is pointed out in
the law; and I apprehend there is no authority in
a State to sell, or otherwise dispose of this prop-
erty, or divert it to any other purpose than that i
designated in the law under which they are dis- j
tributed. This morning we made an appropria- j
tion of $30,000 for the purpose of publishing a
system of tactics, with a view of distribution .
among the various States of the Union. The chief
reason why I voted for that amendment was, be-
cause it was important that we should have uni-
formity in the manner in which our soldiers are
drilled in the respective States, so as to make them
the more effective when they are brought into the
public service against a common,enemy. Now, it
is just as important to have uniformity of arms in
your Army as it is to have uniformity in drilling
the soldiers. If the amendment originally pro-
posed by the Senator from Tennessee be adopted,
there will not be that uniformity among the re-
spective States of the Union which, in my judg-
ment, is necessary in order to produce efficiency
in the common arms.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I acceptthe amend-
ment of the Senator from Arkansas.
Mr. WELLER. Then I have no sort of ob-
jection to the proposition of the Senator from Ten-
nessee, because the amendment of the Senator
from Arkansas obviates the whole difficulty in
my mind, which was that it might lead to a want
of uniformity in the character of the arms adopted
by the troops in the respective States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Tennessee to accept
the modification. The question, then, is, on the
amendment as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I now propose the amend-
ments which I have sent to the table in relation to
raising a volunteer force.
Mr. JOHNSON. We shall not get through
with that question to-day, and I hope, therefore,
the Senator will allow me to make a motion to
strike out a clause of the bill which, I think, ought
to be taken out. it is a matter of much less im-
portance than that which he proposes.
Mr. SHIELDS. I yield.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the last clause of the first section in
these words:
" For the Capitol extension, $325,000."
I make this motion, not because I am opposed
to the appropriation; not because I shall not vote
for it at the proper time, but because it seems to
me that the Army appropriation hill is not the
place for it. The extension of the Capitol, for the
use of the Congress of the United States of Amer-
ica, is surely a civil and not a military matter.
An appropriation for it belongs properly to the
civil and diplomatic bill, where it has heretofore
uniformly been included. There has been until
now no variation from the practice of putting
appropriations for this object in the civil and dip-
lomatic appropriation bill. The effect of retain-
ing this clause in the present bill will be to set a
precedent changing the chamber of the service.
When you put money to be used for this object
in an appropriation bill, different from that wBich
appears to assimilate itself to the subject-matter,
it is the first step in a road which will lead, you
know not where.
This Capitol is not a fort It is not an arsenal.
It is not a barrack for troops. It has no con-
nection with military affairs. 1 would gladly vote
to keep the Army disconnected from this portion
of the public buildings. The appropriation does
not rightfully belong to this bill. To retain it
here is against ail precedent. There is no sym-
pathy, no connection between the object of the
appropriation and its position in this bill.
i am aware, nr, that the charge of the work for
the extension of the Capitol has been assigned to
the Secretary of War. To that I do not object
at all. There may be, and doubtless is, peculiar
fitness in assigning that service to the supervision
of the present Secretary of War. I do not under-
stand that it has been committed to him in virtue
of his position as presiding over the military
affairs of the country. 1 take it that the President
has assigned to that officer this particular service
as peculiarly appropriate to his capacity, judgment,
ana taste; and not because of his having charge of
the military affairs of the country. Now, it is
proposed to take the appropriation for this civil
service—the extension of the Capitol—from its
regular position in the civil and diplomatic bill,
and place it upon the military appropriation bill.
On the same principle, if, to-morrow, we should
lose the services of the present Secretary of War
by death or resignation, and there should be
circumstances making it appropriate to commit
the matter to the charge of the -.Postmaster Gen-
eral, we should have to change the position of the
appropriation, and insert itin the Post Office appro-
priation bill. There might, sometimes, be pro-
priety in committing the subject to the^judgment
of the Attorney General or Secretary of the Navy,
for the time being; and on this principle you
would, on every such change, be compelled to
place the appropriation in a new bill. The effect
of this would b$, that whenever any gentleman
would have occasion to refer to the laws to find
the sum appropriated for thi^ object, he would be
unable to ascertain it without a vast amount pf
labor and trouble. Thus business would be
thrown qpt of its true order. I prefer to keep
business in its proper order.
It may possibly be, since this bill has been sent
to us in advance of the other appropriation bills,
that the object was to insure the more speedy pas-
sage of this appropriation, so that the work may
progress. That would seem to be the reason on
a superficial examination; and if that were the
reason, it would be an apology—perhaps a good
one—for changing the position of the appropria-
tion. i understand, however, that such is not the
case. There is now on hand from $600,000 to
$800,000 of former appropriations for the work,
and that sum cannot be used up before the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill, where this
clause regularly belongs, will have passed both
Houses of Congress, and become a law of the
land.
Sir, it is just by such steps as these that the
whole direction of affairs may ultimately be
changed. I look upon this as a dangerous prece-
dent, which may result in placing the whole con-
trol of the public buildings in the hands of the
military, rather than the civil department of the
Government. I have made the motion to strike
out this cjause, not because I am opposed to the
amount of the appropriation—not because 1 wish
to cast any reflection on those who have placed it
here—but simply for the reason that this is an
irregularity, an innovation which ought not to be
encouraged.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, if this were
to make a precedent, I admit the objections of the
honorable Senator from Arkansas would be quite
sufficient to induce me to vote in favor of striking
out this appropriation; but it seems to me that it
is too latem the day now to make an objection
merely on a question of irregularity, if there be
no intrinsic objection to the appropriation itself.
1 know not under what circumstances this appro-
priation was attached by the House of Represent-
atives to this bill, but the appropriation itself is
not objected to. It is founded on the estimate of
the appropriate Department. It is a proper appro-
priation, and one which ought to be passed. It is
here. What precedent doesit make? Why,sir,
you cannot take up a single appropriation bill
which you have passed for many years back in
which you cannot point out irregularities much
greater than this. Why should you strike out a
proper appropriation from this bill, to be made,
probably, the subject of future discussion, or con-
test in some other shape, when it comes up in an-
other bill ? I confess I cannot see ths- force of the
objection.
This is making no precedent, for since I have
been a member of the Senate, 1 have not seen a
single appropriation bill which has not contained
from one to ten, or twenty irregularities much
greater than this. I do not see that it can have
any influence hereafter, as a precedent in the case
of the superintendence of thedirectionof any other
buildings under any other Department, and that,
therefore, the appropriation for that building must
be in the bill connected with the appropriations for
that Department. I do not think that is the ob-
ject. I am utterly ignorant of the reason why
the House of Representatives put the clause m
this bill. I think that probably it was more by
accident than anything else; but being proper in
itself, I see no reason to revise the action of the
House of Representatives in this particular, unless
there be some objection to the appropriation. I
cannot consider the question of irregularity as any
real objection, for if that be considered a good
ground it would be sufficient to cause the rejection
of every appropriation bill which has been passed
for the last six years at any rate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I consider it evident that
