386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
■was certain that he would succeed—just as certain
as any one here can be; but we know that the
result has been a failure.
The problem to be solved in the construction of
a room for a body like the Senate or House of
Representatives, is an intricate one. It seems to
me that we shall not have a proper room for the
purpose, unless we have a plain oblong or square
brick building, without a single ornament, inside
or out. Such is my belief; but I do not wish to
go into the subject; I desire merely to ask the
honorableSenatorfrom Rhode Island [Mr. Allen]
to state a fact which he stated to me the other
day, confirmatory of the doubts which I have sug-
gested, showing that doubts may reasonably be
entertained without any imputation on anybody.
It certainly was far from my inclination to cast
any imputation.
Mr. ALLEN. I will merely state, that in Eng-
land they have pursued almost the same process,
I presume, that is now being taken here by our
present architect in building the additional wings
to the Capitol. They have expended on the new
Houses of Parliament, <=£250,000 sterling, or about
$1,200 000. The projects for warming and ven-
tilating the Houses there having turned out to be
a complete failure, in the month of June last, I
think, they gave directions to begin de novo, for
they found it was impossible to warm and venti-
late the Houses. 1 think they had two steam
engines, somewhat similar in their operations to
the plan now adopted here. I think the results
here will be about the same.
Mr. BRODHEAD. How is it as to hearing
there ?
Mr. ALLEN. The hearing is very indifferent,
indeed.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I am not an
architect, nor should I obtrude my own individual
knowledge to supervise the details of the construc-
tion of a work of this character. 1 should in that,
as in every other case where 1 had anything scien-
tific to be done, trust it to those who had consid-
ered the matter, and in whose judgment and skill
I placed confidence, and whom I supposed to have
sufficient knowledge for the purpose. In regard
to the last remark of the honorable Senator from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Allen,] I must say that I
think he is mistaken in supposing that the plan
here is the same as that adopted in the new Houses
of Parliament in Great Britain. They may have
points of similarity, but if 1 understand them cor-
rectly, there is a wide difference between the two.
There is a great difference between attempting to
give ventilation to a room by introducing the
atmosphere from below, and attempting to force
it downwards. There is an entire difference of
principle between the two; and the failure in the
British Houses of Parliament arose from an at-
tempt to force the atmosphere down. As to the
structure of the rooms, 1 know of no similarity
between these Chambers and the British Houses
of Parliament at all; not the remotest similarity in
the style of the interior arrangements. There is
none m the proportions of tlie toom, and the mode
in which it is arranged. I have been in the Brit- j
ish Houses of Parliament, and I can say, from
personal observation, that the structure of those
rooms, and that of the Chambers for the two
Houses of Congress in the Capitol extension, is
without similarity.
I shall not, however, attempt to go into the details
of this matter for the reasons which I have stated.
My principle io this: I should endeavor to select,
(either as a public man, acting for the public, or
as a private individual in private life, acting in
reference to a matter scientific in its character,)
a competent individual. I hold that whether I am
instructed in the particular art or not, every man
can tell, in his own art, whether a person claim-
ing to know anything of it, is a man of common
sense, or a pretender. That far I think you can
judge. The moment a man satisfies me that he
has a knowledge of the subject matter on which
he undertakes to act as a man of science, if I have
no reason to suspect his integrity, I would not
set up my own uninstructed judgment against hie
superior knowledge of the work for which he was
peculiarly skilled from education and practice.
That is exactly the state of things in regard to
this building. Honorable Senators may suggest
that it ought to be constructed in a particular mode.
Are they architects? Can they tell what are the
difficulties to be encountered? Certainly it may
be true that architects have very often failed in the
buildings which they have constructed; but the
question is not to be determined in that way. The
question is, where is the greater probability of
failure—in employing a man of science practically
acquainted with the subject, or in taking the opin-
ions of a political body which must be very igno-
rant of works of that kind ? Sir, if I might be
allowed an illustration, I would say that, in the
conduct of a cause, 1 should think it just as reason-
able if my client should undertake to tell me how
to conduct the pleadings in his case, as for me to
undertake to instruct an architect, skilled in his
profession, a man of high character and integrity,
in the structure of a building which I employed
him to erect. I might be wrong, as a lawyer, in
the conduct of the pleadings of a case; I might
commit errors—the ablest lawyers have committed
them—but the question is, where is the greater
probability of error, when a man undertakes to
supervise and correct his own lawyer in a matter
in regard to which he is perfectly ignorant, or in
leaving it to the discretion of the lawyer on a sub-
ject with which he is personally acquainted ? That
is my principle of action.
I have no doubt that when the temple of St.
Peter's was erected, there were men who thought
it would be an entire failure. I have no doubt
that if their judgments, and suggestions, and cavils,
if I may so speak, had been followed out, St.
Peter's never would have been erected, I do not
suppose a great public building ever was erected
without suggestions of numerous kinds being made
by men not competent to decide on the question.
It seems to me that the only safe course for the
Congress of the United States to pursue is, to take
care that the individuals whom they entrust with
the construction of the building of the character
they design, and the object they intend to accom-
plish in having it constructed, are men of integrity,
men of known science and character; and leave
the rest to the probability that they will perform
their duties properly, i have entire confidence m
the present superintendent of the extension of the
Capitol. I should be unwilling to set up my
unaided judgment, and my want of knowledge of
the details of the construction of a buildingyagainst
a man whom I know to be competent. The evi-
dence is complete, if you will turn and read your
Executive documents of the last session, that he
tried numerous experiments—that he not only did
not rely upon his own knowledge, but that he
resorted, through the medium of the President,
to a commission to investigate the principles in
reference to acoustics, which were to be applied
to the construction of this building.
That commission consisted of Professor Bache,
Professor Henry, and another eminent man here;
and they agreed in all the general principles of the
construction. Human protection can go no fur-
ther. He may fail. He has no object to spur
him on except the desire of success. He derives
no additional emolument out of the construction
of the Capitol. He thinks he will make for hta
country the most perfect legislative Hall ever
erected, and will, of course, thereby entitle him-
self to the gratitude of his country for the services
he has performed. That, I believe, is the sole
motive which isoperating on him. I believe he is
competent in point of intellect; I believe he is
competent in point of experience; I believe he is
competent in point of knowledge; 1 think he is a
man of genius in his profession. I am not willing
to criticise or cavil upon his plan. I am willing to
run the hazard of the determination of this work
under such auspices. 1 doubt whether we should
be ever able to construct i>ny building at all, if the
unaided judgment of different Senators was to
point out the mode in which the various details
should be arranged.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand the Senate
Chamber in the new building is to be so enclosed
as to be nowhere, in its exterior, open to the light.
It is to be isolated and surrounded by passages,
and, for all that I know, by other rooms.
Mr. BAYARD. It is to be lighted from above.
Mr. CASS. And ventilated from below.
Mr. JOHNSON. That makes the case, I be-
live, lighted from above, and ventilated from below.
I understand, in fact, that the ventilation is to be
given us by a steam engine. Is there to be one
for each House, or for the whole Capitol?
Mr, JAMES. Will the Senator allow me to
say one word ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I shall be glad to have that
question answered; and then, with one more ques-
tion, I shall be done. Are there to beone or two
steam engines employed in the ventilation?
Mr. JAMES. One in each wing.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is the engine to be directly
beneath the Senate ? [Laughter.]
Mr. JAMES. I do not know where it is to be
placed.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should be glad to know,
because I have heard of explosions of steam en-
gines. [Laughter.] I have heard of one char-
acter in history who has certainly attained very
great notoriety, by an attempt to produce an ex-
plosion under a legislative body. Guy Fawkes,
I believe, piled his combustibles beneath the Par-
liament building; but when he got in, and while
he was preparing his magazine there, thank God,
as the people said at that time, he was detected
before he accomplished it, and was arrested. I
have never yet heard of one being blown sky-
high; but this engine is to be placed beneath the
Chamber. I should be glad to ask the Senator of
how many horse-power it is to be? [Laughter.]
Mr. JAMES. I refer the honorable Senator
to the architect.
Mr. JOHNSON. He is beyond these walls,
and I have no power to bring him here. I sup-
posed the committee, who understand all their
business, could explain and give me all these little
items. I should like to know that, because, with
the calculation of the horse-power, I shall be able
to understand how high I am to ascend, if this
is finished in my day. [Laughter.] Now, I do
not like this thing of stearn engines and explo-
sions. We have been legislating against them all
the time. They are the saddest disasters in the
world that occur. I do not care about being cel-
ebrated by a great monument built up m memory
of the whole Senate, and detailing a disaster here
from a steam engine which we ourselves have
enacted shall be put beneath our feet—for what?
To produce the same effect that a lady will pro-
duce with a little tongue—a blowing up. [Laugh-
ter.J We are to be shut in all around, with not
even the opportunities for light and air which are
furnished us here. I have heard of this repeat-
edly. If, as the idea seems to be, ventilation be
to blow up everything, the biggest blow will come
when the steam engine bursts. [Laughter.] There
will be a ventilation. The very occasion itself
will ring with that ventilation. I appeal against
the steam engine, if it is to be directly under us.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BADGER. The honorable Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] in the first remarks which
he made, threw out doubts and apprehensions
which I entertain myself, and from which I must
confess I am not entirely relieved by the explana-
tions which hove been given to us. I have no in-
terest personally in the inquiry as to what will be
the cons'ruction of the new Chamber, the advant-
ages ordisad vantages of it in regard to the capacity
for hearing speakers, or the facility with which
they can deliver themselves, or as to the ventila-
ting or heating of it; but stii'l on account of many
of my honorable friends who are here and who
will have the opportunity of occupying that
Chamber, and on account of our successors and
their successors, I feel a considerable degree of
anxiety upon the question which now has been
alluded to.
My friend from Michigan has suggested that,
although these things are proposed upon scientific
grounds and by very scientific men, all history
and experience have shown us that, whatever may
be the talents of the individual, and his sincerity
and his confidence, an unfavorable issue is not an
unlikely event. Now, sir, in old times there was
a notion of resorting to a natural process for the
purpose of ventilating a chamber. The idea was
that if you would have an opening at the top, or
near the top, the heated air would take itself out;
and by having some convenient openings at the
bottom, or near it, the cool air would come in.
lhat went upon the principle that nature acts by
a sort of mora! suasion. I should have been ex-
ceedingly gratified myself if that old system had
been adhered to; but, then, my fuend from Mich-
igan must remember that this is an age of prog-
ress. This is an age of steam. Everything has
been, or is to be, altered. He will recollect that
m a very high dramatic authority a certain patient
was once informed by a medical professor, that,
