1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
387
whereas originally the liver was placed upon the
right and the heart upon the left of the body, the
college of physicians had altered that whole busi-
ness, and had made them shift to different places.
[Laughter.] So my friend must recollect it is to
be now. This is the age of steam. Formerly
the cool air was allowed to come in below, and
the heated air to pass out above. Now, the action
is to be reversed. Science is to be brought to bear
on the subject. A. steam engine is to be con-
structed; and the cool air is to be forced down from
above, and the heated air forced out below; and
why should it not be done?
Mr. BRODHEAD. It is the very reverse.
Mr. BADGER. It is the other way. Well, in
the old times it did not require any great force to
get cool air in below and heated air out at the top,
if a place was only made for it to come in and go
out at. But what I want to call attention to is,
that after all that has been said on this subject, the
plan is settled. Theo'd method was liable to some
difficulties. The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr.
James] has mentioned one of them. If you build
a big fire, or if you let in heated air by registers,
as i believe they call them, you will still have
this result, that one part of the room will be
warmer than another. Well, now, sir, there is no
possible mode of preventing that in any apart-
ment, except by converting it into an oven, heat-
ing it, and closing it up; and from everything that
1 have been able to understand of the present pro-
ject that is exactly what we propose to do in
regard to the intended Senate Chamber. It is to
have no outside wall at all. It is to be shut in.
It is not to communicate externally with either the
air, or the light of heaven. It is to be an oven,
[laughter,] closed in on all sides; and the way you
are going to get air into it is, by a forcing pump
moved by a steam engine.
I do not wish to be understood as doubting at
all that this experiment will succeed. I have as
high an opinion of the gentleman who has ori-
finated the plan, as any member of the Senate who
as Bpoken. I hope and I believe that it will
succeed, but I am hoping against hope, and
believing against faith. [Laughter.] But if I
could have the regulation of this thing, I would
go back to the old fashioned notions of our fore-
fathers. When we want cool air in a room, I
would open a window and let it come in itself.
It needs no forcing. It comes with readiness if
you give it a fair opportunity. Then with regard
to the heated air, which, by a provision of nature,
I am told, for I do not understand these things
philosophically, will gradually get higher and
higher as it gets warmer and warmer, you have
nothing to do but to have a comfortable little
ventilator at the top, and you will soon get rid of
it. But this, sir, is the age of improvement; thj?
is the age of progress; and 1 fear that my friend
from Michigan and myself will, in consequence of
the remarks we have made to-day, be stamped
" old fogies" forever. [Laughter.]
But, now, I wish to ask, what has all this in-
vestigation and inquiry to do with the question
before the Senate? My friend from Arkansas
[Mr. Johnson] says that this appropriation of
$325,000 is out of place; it ought not to be in this
bill. If we are to follow the suggestions thrown
out in the discussion, it ought not to be in any
place, it would be inappropriate to any bill; we
ought to turn back and reverse our course, and
alter all that has been done, and make a new ex-
periment about the compulsory introduction of
air and heat upon some other plan. But we should
be no better off if we did that. It is too late to re-
sort to the old fashioned natural way of having at
least one outside to a room. We are now going
to accomplish, in regard to the Senate Chamber,
precisely what an agriculturist in the State of
my friend from Pennsylvania, is once said to have
done in order to avoid trespasses from the squir- j
rels upon his corn—to have a field without any :
outside row to it at all. [Laughter.] Therefore,
it seems to me, thatthewhole discussion is beside
the principal question which is before the Senate.
None of us are going to retract fiom this experi-
ment. We are are all willing to believe and trust,
whatever our fears may be. We all have the
highest confidence in the direction under which
the building is placed. We are all willing to pros-
ecute the design.
But I say to my friend from Arkansas, that the
appropriation is a good one, and a wise one. It
is not for too large an amount. It is to bedevoted
to an excellent object; and I am willing to take it
whenever it comes. I should not have thought
of putting it in here; but I shall vote against strik-
ing it out; and if my friend from Arkansas will
move an amendment to it, that no steam engine
shall be placed under the proposed Senate Cham-
ber until he leaves the Senate, I will vote for it
with great pleasure. [Laughter.]
On motion by Mr. ADAMS,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 24, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order is
the motion of the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Orr,] to lay upon the table the resolution
introduced by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bwly,] to close debate on the French spoliation
bill.
Mr. ORR. I propose to withdraw the motion
to lay on the table the resolution to close debate on
the French spoliation bill, with the view of offer-
ing an amendment to terminate the debate to-mor-
row at three o'clock. If that amendment should
not be adopted by the friends of the bill, and they
insist upon closing the debate to-day, I will then
renew my motion to lay the resolution upon the
table. I hope, however, that the friends of the
bill will give us till three o'clock to-morrow to
discuss the question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope that the
House wiil give the gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Ohu,] permission to add to his amend-
ment a proviso, that, in discussing this question,
members shall confine themselves to the merits of
the bill under consideration.
Mr. ORR. I have no objection to such an
amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. To accomplish the object
of the gentleman from Tennessee, I propose to
offer the following resolution, and I hope there
will be no objection to it:
Resolved, That, tor the remainder of the present session,
all debate in the Committee oflliu Whole House on the state
of ih<; ttnion '.hall be* confined strictly tothe question under
consideration, unless during such evening sessions as a
majority of sanl committee may order tor the exclusive
purpose of general debate.
Several members objected.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will it be in order as an
amendment to the resolution of the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr?]
The SPEAKER. It will not be in order.
Mr. FLO HENCE. I desire to say, as far as I
can speak for the friends of the bill, that the prop-
osition of the gentleman from South Carolina
will entirely meet their approbation. They do
not desire to stifle debate.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. ETHERIDGE, by unanimous consent,
reported, from the Committee on Military Affairs,
a joint resolution for the relief of James Hughes;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. CLARK asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce bills;
which were read the first and second time by
their titles, as follows, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce:
An act making an appropriation for the im-
provement of the harbor of New Buffalo,
Michigan;
An act making an appropriation for the im-
provement of the harbor at the mouth of South
Black river, Michigan;
An act making an appropriation for the im-
provement at the mouth of the Muskegan river,
Michigan;
An act making an appropriation for the im-
provement of the harbor at the mouth of Grand
river, Michigan;
An act making an appropriation for the im-
provement of the harbor of Black lake, Michi-
gan; and
An act making an appropriation for the im-
provement of the harbor of St. Joseph, Michigan.
Mr. PHELPS asked and obtained leave of the
House to introduce a bill " for the relief of Jaines
Poole;" which was read the first and second time
by its title, referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
FRENCH bPOLIATION BILL.
Mr. WARR.EN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I demand the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is called for, and the question first to be
taken, is upon agreeing to the amendment of the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] to
the resolution of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Bayly,] to close debate upon the French
spoliation bill.
Mr. ORR. Was there any objection to the
suggestion of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] that the debate should be restricted
exclusively to the question under consideration ?
Mr. HUNT No question was taken upon it.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
modification of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] that, upon the particular bill under
consideration, the debate shall be confined exclu-
sively to its merits ?
Mr. HUNT. I object. We want an unre-
stricted debate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I then move to
amend the amendment of the gentleman from
South Carolina by inserting one o'clock to-mor-
row as the time for closing the debate, so as to
give the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly]
time to make his speech after the debate is closed,
and dispose of the bill to-morrow.
Mr. ORR. If the amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee should be adopted, I intend to
defeat the resolution by moving to lay it upon the
table, or in any parliamentary way that I can.
Mr. CHANDLER'. I would ask the gentleman
from South Carolina whether it would not be well
to delay his proposition until the gentleman who
has charge of this bill shall be in his seat? The
friends of the bill have no desire to stifle debate.
Mr. ORR. I would say to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania that the Speaker announced, as the
regular order of business, the consideration of this
resolution. It is the first business in order, and
must be first disposed of.
The question was taken upon Mr. Jones's
amendment to the amendment of Mr. Orr; and it
was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now move to
insert two o'clock, in place of three o'clock.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
The question was then put upon Mr. Orr's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Bayly, as amended, it was put; and
decided in the affirmative.
So the House determined to close debate at three
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. ORR moved to reconsider the vote by which
the resolution was adopted, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. WARREN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let us do the morning work
first.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. My question of privilege is the matter
introduced by me a week ago, in reference to evi-
dence hefore the Colt investigating committee, and
which matter I have delayed calling up, in def-
erence to the wishes of others, from time to time,
until I feel that, in duty to the committee, of which
I am only representative here, I can delay no
longer.
The SPEAKER. If the House refuses to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, the gentleman's question of privilege
will be m place.
Mr. KERR. I call for tellers upon the motion
to go into committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Tellers were then ordered; and Messrs.
Wheeler, and Jones of Pennsylvania, were
appointed.
Mr. LETCE1ER. To avoid all difficulty about
