388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
the matter, I withdraw my application now, and
give notice that on Friday morning I will call it
up.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 89, noes 39.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Seymour in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee was
last in session, it had under consideration the
French spoliation bill, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon. The gentleman from Virginia is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman, I do not
propose to make a speech at this time. I shall
content myself to say what I have to say at some
other stage of the debate. I surrender the floor
now to one who can occupy it more usefully than
I can—the distinguished gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Benton.]
Mr. BENTON then addressed the committee
during an hour, in opposition to the bill. [His
remarks, withheld for revision, will be found in
the Appendix.]
Mr. DISNEY addressed the committee in favor
of the bill. [Ilis remarks, withheld for revision,
will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I would inquire
whether the general discussion of this question
was limited, this morning, before the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union?
The CHAIRMAN. It is to close at three
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN then made an hour's
speech against tendering to the Powers engaged
in the European war the mediation of the United
States. He desired our Government to confine
itself within the limits of its own legitimate sphere
of action, and not only to let other people alone,
but to let its own people alone also.
[This speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. ORR. I now move to amend the bill by
striking out the first section.
Mr. HAMILTON. I was going to suggest to
the gentleman from South Carolina that he might
yield the floor for the purpose of a motion that
the committee do now rise.
Mr. ORR. I should do so, but the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Goodrich] desires I
should leave the floor to him for a moment, which
I do.
^ Mr. GOODRICH. I desire to ask the permis-
sion of the committee—-and 1 know they will grant
it, because it wilt save time—to publish some re-
marks which I have prepared on another subject.
1 should not think of occupying the time of the
committee on any other subject than that before
it; for I know the great interest that is felt in it.
I desire to present some calculations, together with ,
some remarks, on the subject of our revenue laws,
in connection with the tariff. JVTy attention was
called to this subject by seeing that a resolution
was passed in the caucus of members of Congress
some time ago. I simply ask the permission of
the House to publish what 1 hove prepared.
[Cries of " Agreed !" "Agreed!"]
[The speech of Mr. G. will be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. GOODRICH. I move now that the com-
mittee do rise.
Mr. OUR. I yield the floor for that purpose.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would suggest
that there are several gentlemen in the House who
wish to speak on this bill; and they should have
an opportunity of doing so.
Mr. OI*.R. I should consider it an act of court-
esy upon the part of the committee to allow me
to proceed with my remarks in the morning.
_ Mr. HENN. Is it in order to modify the mo-
tion that the committee rise, so that other gentle-
men may speak this evening, and the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Our] speak in the
morning.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order.
The question was then taken; and it "was de-
cided in the affirmative.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having 1
resumed the chair, the Chairman of the committee !
reported that the Committee of the Whole.on the I
state of the Union had had under consideration j
the state of the Union generally, and especially !
benate bill No. 117, commonly called the French ]
spoliation bill, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. As it is understood
that several gentlemen wish to speak upon the
French spoliation bill, I move that when we ad-
journ to-day, we adjourn till to-morrow at eleven
o'clock. ,
Mr. SOLLERS. I object.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that when
the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet to-morrow
at eleven o'clock.
Mr. HENN. I object.
CORRECTION.
Mr. SHAW. During the vote upon the Pa-
cific railroad bill, yesterday, at the request of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Green,] 1 stated that
he was detained in his room in consequence of
indisposition. Upon recurring to the proceedings
of yesterday, in this morning's Globe, I find that
I am reported as having made such an excuse for
Mr. Waue, of Ohio. I simply state the fact, that
the proper correction may be made.
On motion by Mr. ICE1TT, by the unanimous
consent of the House, Senate bill (No. 523) " to
establish a court for the investigation of claims
against the United States," was taken from the
Speaker's table, read the first and second time by
its title, and re'ferred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. HAMILTON, the House
then adjourned, at twenty minutes past three
o'clock, till to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 25, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Reid to fill the vacancy in the Committee on the
District of Columbia, caused by the death of Mr.
Norris.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the Presidentof theUnited
States, transmitting a report from the Secretary of
the Interior asking, certain appropriations for the
payment of the Cherokee Indians; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance, and ordered
to be printed.
Also, a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting a report of the Secre-
tary of the Interior and of the Postmaster General,
together with accompanying documents, commu-
nicating what has been done in execution of the
act of Congress of August 2, 1854, entitled "An
act to provide for the accommodation of the courts
of the United States in the district of Massachu-
setts, and in the cities of New York and Phila-
delphia." The President, in his message, states
that he has deemed it best, under the circum-
stances, not to enter into any contracts for the
purchase of sites, Gut to submit all proposals, made
m response to public advertisement for several
weeks in the principal newspapers in each of the
cities designated, to Congress, for such action as
it may deem proper to take in fulfillment of the
original design of the law.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, the message,
with the accompanying documents, was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of N.
Westcottand others, citizens of the State of New
York, in behalf of Gabriel Denton, an officer in
the last war with Great Britain, praying that he
may be placed upon the pension list; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, a memorial of inhabitants of East Pem-
broke, New York, praying the immediate passage
of the homestead bill; which was ordered to he on
the table.
Mr. ROCKWELL presented the petition of
Huldah Butler, daughter and heirof Colonel John
Brown, who was killed in battle in the revolu-
tionary war, praying to be allowed half-paycom-
mutation; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Delaware, praying the mediation of the
United States between the different contending
Powers in the war now waging in Europe; which
were referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Delaware, pray-
ing the reduction of the rates of ocean postage;
which were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. COOPER presented the memorial of T. B.
Tilden, praying the purchase, by the Senate, of
the new edition of Mitchell's Universal Atlas;
which was referred to the Committee on the Li-
brary.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to present the petition
of the heirs-at-law of James Harper, who repre-
sent that their father was a brigade quartermaster
in the Virginia line of the revolutionary army;
and that the State of Virginia issued to him scrip
to the amount of five thousand three hundred and
thirty-threeacres. They complain that the Depart-
ment here has curtailed the amount by one half.
They suppose themselves to be entitled to the
whole amount of scrip issued to their ances'or by
the State of Virginia; and they therefore ask re-
lief from Congress. 1 move that the petition be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN T. WATMOUGH.
Mr. CLAYTON. I have been honored, si',
by the request of John T. Watmoujh, to present
his memorial to the Senate of the United States,
asking for the continuance of his pension, granted
to him in consideration of severe wounds received
in the last war with Great Britain, and particu-
larly the wounds received at the storming of Fort
Erie. I do not p -"sent this as an ordinary case,
| but as an extraordinary one. This gentleman,
many years ago, served in Congress, in the other
House. While I was a member of this body, 1
became well acquainted with him, and I have seen
one of the wounds that was inflicted upon him by
the British at the storming of Fort Erie. To give
the Committee on Pensions, to whom I am about
to move to refer this petition, and theSenate, some
just idea of the services and sufferings of this gen-
tleman, I will read a part of a report of General
Gaines, who was his commander, and who certi-
fies, in the strongest language, to his merits as an
officer and a soldier. Describing the storming of
Fort Erie, and the terrible battle which occurred in
the night, he says in the end of his report:
" It was near four o'clock—and dai/U'ht, which of all
thing* was then most desirable, was jus't beginning to dawn
upon the contending forces—when Walinough, having par-
tially recovered from the blow of a handspike, bv which
he had been knocked down in the assault on the half bas-
tion, finding near it a six-poundcr that had been silenced
by the fall of a part of its gunners, loaded and opened a
fire upon the enemy, then very near him. In this renewed
effort he was soon cut off by a ball through his breast, from
the last fire of the enemy's musketry. About this time the
platlorm of the half bastion was blown up, and the enemy's
columns that had been drawn up betore it were driven
back, and hastily retreated. The whole of his rijbt wing
had been forced to retreat more than half an hour previous
to this explosion. I soon atter found Watmough weltering
io'his blood, and though, to all appearances, inorialty
wounded, lie stilt retained his senses and self possession,
notwithstanding it was evident that an ounce ball bad
passed through him, within an inch or two of his heart.
He soon after gave me a detailed account of the occur-
rences of the assault on the half bastion, which corrobo-
rated the account given me byour beloved Williams, within
the few hours in which he languished after the battle, arid
before his death, during the greater part of which he also
retained his senses."
I shall send this report of General Gaines, with
the memorial, to the Chair, and I move that the
report and the memorial be referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions; and I hope that committee
will act speedily upon the subject, so that this
gentleman—one of the most meritorious of all the
soldiers and officers of the war of 1812—may re-
ceive some support, now much needed by him,
from the Government of his country in his declin-
ing years.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom "was referred the petition of Har-
riet H. Saunders, widow of Carniilus Saunders,
an officer of the United States revenue cutter ser-
vice, who was lost on board the cutter Hamilton,
praying a pension, and the petition of Jane M.
Rudulph, praying a pension, submitted an ad-
verse report thereon, which was ordered to be
printed.
