1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
393
on these motions in the order in which they are
moved. The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Virginia to take up the Army ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. CLAYTON. I hope that motion will be
rejected.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster., his Secre-
tary, announcing that he had approved and signed
a bill to authorize theissueof a register to the bark
Foundling, of Boston.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills; which were then signed by
the President pro tempore:
A bill to authorize the i&sue of a register to the
bark Colonist, by the name of The Lilly.
A bill for the relief of Frederick Vincent, ad-
ministrator of James Le Caze, survivor of Le
Caze & Mallet.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
accordingly resumed the consideration of the bill
from the House of Representatives, making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the
year ending the 30th June, 1856, the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment of Mr. Johnson to
strike out the clause appropriating §325,000 for
the Capitol extension.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHIELDS. I now ofTerthesections which
I sent to the Chair yesterday. I desire to have
them read in the same connection as one amend-
ment.
The Secretary read as follows:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That the President
is hereby authorized to appoint three suitable persons as
commissioners to proceed to the Indian country to enter
into negotiations, and to conclude treaties of amity, vviih
eueh Indian tribes as may be disposed to preserve friendly
relations with the United States, and to extend to such
tribes the most positive assurances of protection and se-
curity, so long as they strictly adhere to their treaty obliga-
tions. Such commissioners shall report to the President,
and to such military commanders as he shall direct, the
names of the several tribes who may tliu> be entitled to pro-
tec ion and security ; and also such tribes as continue re-
fractory, refuse to enter into amicable negotiations, and
who persist m maintaining an attitude, of hostility to the
United States. And said commissioners sha'J be paid out of
any money m the Treasury not othei wise appropriated, the
same per diem allowance, and mileage allowed to mem-
bers ot Congress during the time of service of said cominis-
eion.
Whereas, the peace and security of the frontiers of the
United State*?, and of their route* of emigration, demand
the prompt and effective chastisement of outrages recently
committed hy the Sioux, and other powerful tribes ot In-
dians on both sides of the Rocky mountains; and, whereas,
it is eminently desirable that such demonstration of the
power of the United States shall be made in the accom-
plishment of said object as will not only effect a speedy
termination of present hostilities, but insure the future good
behavior of the lawless tribes generally, as well as of those
now actively hostile: Therefore,
Be it further enactcd, That, for the purposes above
recited, the President be, and he is hereby, authorized, in
Addition to the employment of any military force ot the
United States winch may be disposable, to call fur and
accept the services of any number of mounted volunteers,
not exceeding in all four regiments. Said volunteeis shall
serve for eighteen months alter they shall have arrived at
the place of rendezvous, unless sooner discharged by the
President. Each regiment to consist of one colonel, one
lieutenant-colonel, one major, one adjutant, who shall be
selected from the lieutenants of the regiment, one chief
musician, two regimental buglers, and ten companies.
Each company shall consist of one captain, one first lieu-
tenant, two second lieutenants, five sergeants, five corpo-
rals, and seventy privates. All commissioned officers of
each regiment to be chosen in the manner prescribed by
the laws of the State orTerritory where they may be organ-
ized; and all vacancies that may occur while in the ser-
vice, shall be filled according to the laws of the State or
Territory where raised and organized.
Sec. —. And be it further exacted. That any number of
friendly Indians, not exceeding in all five hundred, who
may offer their rervic.es as mounted rangers, scouts, guides, i
aid hunters, maybe accepted by the President, and shall |
be organized into companies of not less than eighty men,
including such chiefs, sub-chiefs, and officers, as they may
select, not to exceed, however, three chiefs or officers to
each command; the whole to be under the immediate
command of such officer as the President may direct; to
serve, a? well as the volunteers, for eighteen months after
they shall have arrived at the place of rendezvous, unless
sooner discharged by the President: Provided, however,
That in the event the commanding genera! shall find it
necessary or expedient to divide the Indian force herein
provided for into companies, or squadrons for detached
service, he may place sueh companies or squadrous under
the immediate command of such officers as he may select:
Jind -provided further, That the said volunteers shall be
liable to serve on horse or foot, as the President may direct.
Sec.—• Jind be it further enacted, That said volunteers
shall furnish their own horses and horse equipments, and,
when mustered into the service, shall be armed at the ex-
pense of the United States, and, until discharged there-
from, shall be subject to the rules and articles ot war.
Sec. —. And be it farther enact cd, That the volunteers
who may be received into the service of the United States
by virtue of this act, and who shall be wounded or other-
wise disabled in the service, shall he entitled to nil the
benefits which may be conferred by existing laws on other
persons wounded or disabled in the military service of the
United States.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the pay of the
said volunteers, including compensation for thw u'?e and
risk of horses, not killed in battle, shall be as follows:
For officers ofall grades, the pay and emoluments of the
like gradesin the present corps of mounted riflemen of the
United States Army: for sergeants, one dollar and twenty-
five cents per day; for corporals, farriers, blacksmiths, and
musicians, one dollar and ten cents per day; and for privates,
one dollar per day ; that the pay of the chiefs and sub chiefs
of the Indian force authorized by this act shall be that of
the grade which corresponds to the number of men under
their command, respectively ; and the pay of the warriors
shall be that ot the privates authorized by this act: Pro-
vided, however, That if any mounted volunteer, other than
a commissioned officer, shall not keep himself provided
with a serviceable horse and horse equipments, the said
volunteer shall forfeit half lus daily pay during the period
of such service dismounted: Jind provided farther, That
the pay herein allowed shall be in lieu of all pay, allow-
ances, and bounties now authorized, or winch may here-
after be authorized, by law, except clothing, rations, arid
commutation in money of clothing, and excepting, alio,
such claims as may be valid under existing laws for wounds
or disability incurred in service, or for horses killed in
action.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the President
be, and he is hereby, authorized to prescribe, and to vary
from time to time, as may be, m his judgment, fxp dient,
the arms and equipments of the volunteers herein author-
ized to be accepted, or o( any portion thereof.
Stc. —. And he it fuithcr enacted, That the President
be, and he is hereby, authorized to add to the medical corps
of the Army of the United States such number of assistant
surgeons, not exceeding six, as may be, in Jus judgment,
expedient; the ofliot r.s so added to bo appointed hi tin; same
manner, and to he, in all re.-pects, on the same fooling as
the officers of the s-aid corps now authorized by law.
Sec. —. And be it further enact-d, That in the event
that any portion ot the Army of the United States now
serving on loot, siiall, as provided in section two of an
" Act to increase the rank and file of the Army, and to en-
courage enlist mentH,"appioved June seventeenth, eighteen
hundred and fitty, be required to serve as mounted troops,
the said troops, if not exceeding, m all, four companies,
shall be on the h.uiu: touting, as rcgaul.? pav and allow-
ances, with the present corps of mounted riflemen of the
United State-* Aimy.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That, to enable the
Pieiident of* the United States to vauy into effect the pro-
visions of so much of this act as relates to the employment
ot an additional military force, and picventuig or suppress
1114 Indian hostilities, such stun of money a*> may be neces-
s:uy be, and the same m hereby, nppropi latcd out of any
money in the TreaMiiy not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. STCJART. I do not propose to discuss
this proposition at this time, but only to suggest
that there should be a division of this amendment
as it stands; so that a separate vote may oe taken
on the question of appointing commissioners, and
upon the proposition to increase the Army.
Mr. BADGER. I understand the Senator from
Illinois offered them as separate amendments;
but asked that they might be read together so as
to enable us to understand the whole proposition.
Mr. STUART. I understood yesterday that
the Senator proposed both as one amendment;
but if he proposes them as separate amendments,
that, of course, will answer my purposes.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, there is one provis-
ion of that amendment which I wish my friend
from Illinois would abandon. I have an insuper-
able objection to it. I am willing to give to the
Government all proper means that may be neces-
sary to defend the frontier. A nation of twenty-
five millions of people has power enough m its
own citizens to protect itself without calling upon
Indians to fight its battles. There is a provision
in this amendment for employing five hundred
Indians. We ought not to carry such a measure
into effect. From the day of the debarkation of
the Mayflower almost down to this day, it has
been a very difficult and an interesting problem to
know what we are to do with the Indians. I sup-
pose the first European pilgrims had hardly landed
on the western shores before it was seen that the
tide of civilization must roll onwards; though he
would have been a prophet indeed who could have
foreseen that it would roll on with such over-
whelming force, and would so soon sweep before
it these aboriginal remnants of the American race.
We have attempted, from the foundation of the
present Federal Government, and before indeed,
to adopt some policy that would preserve them.
But we have pushed them onward and onward into
the interior. We have tried to fix them upon re-
servations, surrounded by our settlements. We
have assigned to them separate farms, and we
have provided missionary establishments and ag-
ricultural and mechanical teachers for them, and
made various other experiments. But all in vain;
so that in the older portions of the Union, there
is scarcely one of them remaining, even as a me-
morial of what has been.
Sir, we have recently made another effort which
promises more salutary results than any other
experiment which we have made. We have
collected west of the Mississippi the remnants of
some of the most powerful, and they have always
been some of the most intelligent and well be-
haved tribes—the Wyandots, Shawnees, Dela-
wares, and Ottawas. I know many of them per-
sonally. I have been with them in peace and
in war. They are intelligent men, and good
citizens, and they have been faithful to the Union
in the most trying times. If we only go on as
we have now begun with that experiment, which
assigns tracts of land to them, to be occupied in-
dividually, and eventually to make part of them
our citizens, we may hope for the most humane
and beneficial consequences. We have also, west
of the Mississippi, the southern tribes, the.Cherc-
kees, the Choctaws, and the Creeks. The gen-
tlemen from the southwest know their condition
better than I do; but I think it is a most promising
one. What we have to do now is, to keep them
from war, and from their return to their predatory
habits, and to their barbarous institutions.
Let me tell you, sir, that one great difficulty in
the way of the progress of Indian civilization is,
the idea instilled in them from early life that there
are but two employments which it is honorable
for the men to engage in, and these employments
are hunting and war, the pursuit of their game
and the pursuit of their enemies; all other labor
devolves upon the women. In all our efforts at
their civilization, the first thing we have to do,
is to break this traditionary chain of connection
which binds them to a state of war; but now, sir,
it is proposed that the bloodhound shall be un-
leashed again, and thatthe Indians shall be baited
to warhy the United States.
I will show you, by the action of the Conti-
nental Congress, the noble conduct of the noble
men who then managed the destinies of the Ameri-
can people. In 1775, they reprobated the prop-
osition of subsidizing Indians, and of employing
them in the struggle before them, though conscious
of their own weakness and the might of their an-
tagonist. That there were some corresponding
spirits in the British Parliament is evident from
the memorable and eloquent apostrophe of the
elder Pitt, one of the most striking and beautiful
to be found in the whole history of forensic debates.
Appealing to the portraits upon the tapestry that
covered the walls, he told the Lords that their
ancestors were looking down upon them, and
would frown indignantly at the proposition to em-
ploy the Indians to fight the battles of the white
man.
And this sentiment was responded to by the
Continental Congress, to which I have referred, in
1775, and whose resolution, adopted the 30th
June of that year, is in these words:
" That the Committee for Indian Affairs do prepare
proper talks to the several tribes of Indians, for engaging
the continuance of their friend^up to us and neutrality m
our present unhappy dispute with Gieat Britain."
And on the 17th of the following month it was
again resolved, in the same spirit of humanity:
"That it should be recommended to the commissioners
of the northern department to employ Mr. Kirkland amonij
the Indians of the Six Nations, in order to secure their
friendship, and to continue them in a state ot neutrality,
with lespr-ct to the present controversy between Great
Hritain and these Colonies.,f
That was the revolutionary doctrine and prac-
tice. How was it in 1812, in our second struggle
for independence with England. I hold in my
hand the talk of Mr. Madison to all the Indian
tribes. At that time our strength was feeble when
compared to what it now is. In that talk, after
Mr. Madison had recapitulated the causes which
had driven the United States to war, and the
objects they sought to attain, what did he go on
to say to the Indians ? Dtd he invite them to take
up the tomahawk? Did he fawn to their passion
for'blood,and summon them to a contest in which
they had no part? Did he unchristianize them?
