394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
No, sir; no. Many of them were then converted
Christians, and many more of them are so now.
They were summoned to prayer and praise by the
solemn sound of the church-bell breaking upon the
wilderness. Did he invite them to drown its voice
by the barbarous war-drum ? Did he ask them to
sing the war-song instead of the song of praise to
the Redeemer in their poor but beloved churches?
Did he desire them to dance the war-dance, in
their school-houses and -council houses, thus re-
storing their pristine condition, at the expense of
the progress that had been made, and the hopes
of the future? I will let that eminent patriot and
statesman answer these questions. Here are his
words, and they are worthy of our country, for
whom they were spoken, and worthy of James
Madison, who spoke them:
" It is for the good of all the red people, as well as the
people of the eighteen fires, that a stop should be put to
this mischief. Their warriors can do it. They fire gone
and going to Canada for this purpose. They want no help
from their red brethren. They are strong enough without
it. The British, who are weak, are doing all they can by
their bad birds, to decoy the red people into the war on
their side. I warn all the red people to avoid the rum this
must bring upon them. And I pay to you, my children,
your father does not ask you to join his wainors. Sit still
on your seats, and be witnesses that they are able to beat
their enemies, and protect their red friends. This is the
fatherly advice I give you."
That very year a council was held in the north-
west, under the direction of the Government, by-
Governors Meigs, Worthington, and Morrow, all
of whom deservedly occupied seats on this floor
before our day, and all of whom were high in the
confidence of the country. What was said then?
" The council with the Indian tribes on the western fron-
tier having been concluded, the commissioners deem it
their duty to give to their fellow-citizens a concise view of
the proceedings and result.
" The commissioners, according to their instructions,
have endeavored to ascertain their views and dispositions.
They informed them of the inevitable consequence-, of any
act of hostility on their pari; that the PieMdeut stood in no
need of their assistance in the war with Great Britain, and
that for their own cakes, he desired them to remain quiet
and pursue their usual occupations. The chief*, in bt half
of the tribes that attended, have made professions ot friend-
ship and attachment to the United Mates, and have, in tlie
most positive manner, declared their intention to adhere to,
and observe, the existing treaties, to remain neutral in the
present war, and to reject the overtures of the Uriti^h
(which they state to have been repeated and pressing) to
engage in it."
Such, sir, was the policy of the United States
at the commencement of the war of 1812, and ao
it continued for more than a year, and during; that
time not an Indian was called to war by our Gov-
ernment. And when this policy was changed, it
was changed with great reluctance, and only
because it was found, by dear-bought experience,
that, if the Indians were not for us, they would
be against us. They could not resist the tempta-
tions held out to them by the British authorities.
They were urged by promises of land and money,
and goods and whisky, to join the English stand-
ard. Probably most of the Senators know, his-
torically or traditionally, but I know it from having
been at the scene of operations, that American
scalps were paid for, exchanged for British sold,
and, so far as I have information, I am not aware
of a single act of humanity which was approved,
or of cruelty which was condemned, by their
Christian allies. I do not suppose that the British
Government at home knew the full details of these
barbarities. But they sanctioned the system, and
provided the means, and well was the work done
by their agents, and especially by a monster in a
human shape named Elliott, a refugee during our
revolutionary war, and the very incarnation of
fiendish cruelty. As I said, this appeal to the
worst passions of the Indians, they had not the
firmness to resist, and having once snuffed the
scent of blood, they followed it to its source. Our
Government became convinced, by many a terri-
ble inroad, that but one course remained to us,
and that was, to summon the Indians living within
the United States to our standard, for no such
invitation was given to a single Indian living m
Canada.
A treaty for this purpose was held at Greenville,
in 1814, under the direction of the President, by
General Harrison and myself, which was the first
council in the northwest called together to explain
to the Indians the condition in which they were
placed, and invite them to join us. They were
told by the authority of the Government: " We
have always desired you to sit still, but you would
not; to remain quiet, but you will go to war; and
now if you don't join us, it is evident that you
will pass over to our enemies. Here is our toma-
hawk, we invite you to take hold of it with us;"
and they did so. They held a great council
among themselves, and then danced a great war
dance, and each chief, after recapitulating his acts
of bravery, advanced to the commissioner, and
taking hold of the tomahawk, flourished it, and
said he would consider it his own. This narra-
tive, sir, is painful, even though the Government
was fully justified by events they could not con-
trol. But i trust I shall never live to see a recur-
rence of such a scene. No one can pretend that
these friendly Indians would join the hostile ones,
under any circumstances,and goto war with us.
They have no powerful nation to impel them to
deeds of blood, to promise them protection, and
to pay them for the work of destruction. Not a
single war drum would be heard through the
regions occupied by them, nor would their peace
be disturbed by one act of violence.
We have no excuse, therefore, for the adoption
of such a measure arising out of the disposition
of the Indians, and we have as little arising out
of the condition of our country. With its popu-
lation and all its elements of power, it needs no
recourse to the feeble remnants of a fallen race to
aid us in following upon the deserts and in the
forests their brethren of the same family, like
them, the heirs of the former possessors of this
continent. It would be a blot upon our national
escutcheon in the eyes of the world. What a
spectacle for the nations of Europe, to behold the
great American Republic calling for a few par-
tially civilized Indians to aid in the prosecution of
a war against the remoter tribes! No We need
no such assistance, and I totally misunderstand
the sentiment of the country if it desires it. The
proposition for an invitation extends to all In-
dians not in hostility, whether they have com-
menced the woik of civil.zation or not. Of course,
throughout the vast regions roamed over by this
race, volunteers may be engaged, and thus feel-
ings of bitter and deadly hostility will arise whose
effects may be felt during long years to come. And
revenge is sure to do its work, and embroil them
with one another. You cannot tempt them, or
compel them to strike at their own people, without
the most fatal consequences. I repeat, sir, I be-
lieve the proposition is repugnant to the feelings
of the American people, as 1 certainly consider it
to all the claims of humanity, and 1 entreat my
honorable friend from Illinois [Mr. Shields] to
withdraw it.
1 again say, sir, that 1 am ready to vote for any
additional strength which is necessary for the
defense of the country, and I do not doubt but that
the conduct of some of the Indian tribes in the
West, requires the display, and, it may be, the
employment of force. Though 1 am free to con-
fess that I have heard statements here to-day,
which seemed to me to exaggerate the danger.
There may be the number of Indians in the west-
ern regions stated by the chairman of the Military
Committee—one hundred and eighty-five thou-
sand—but I must say that I look upon these esti-
mates of Indian population with much doubt, as
my experience teaches me that they are almost
always greatly overrated. A person, looking at
this number, and calculating the number of war-
riors it would give, and then apprehending that
these could be brought together to act in concert
against us, would evince little knowledge of their
character and condition. They cannot be brought
together, and kept together in large masses. They
cannot be fed. They are divided into smaller
tribes and bands, with a great deal of intestine
jealousy, which prevents efficient concert. Their
women and children must be taken care of, secured,
and fed: and all these circumstances, as well as
others, which I shall not touch upon at present,
combine to prevent their acting together m large
masses. What we want is an active force, well
commanded and well led, prempt in its move-
ments, and ready to follow the In. iians into their
deepest recesses. I believe that comparatively a
small mounted party, thus composed, would march
unchecked through any portion of our Indian
country. There are thousands and thousands of
brave men upon the frontier, American citizens,
who owe allegiance to their country, and would
be ready and proud to render it, by rallying around
its standard at any moment when required. They
would scatter the Indians as chaff is scattered
before the whirlwind. But, sir, if fight you must,
do yourown fighting; keep the red man from war!
Civilize him, if you can; and do not assume the
responsibility, beforeGod and the world, of putting
blood in his path, and tempting him on.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, if I under-
stand my honorable friend from Michigan aright,
his only objection to the measure now under con-
sideration is, that provision authorizing the em-
ployment of Indians. 1 have offered two amend-
ments. The first provides for the appointment of
three commissioners to proceed to the Indian coun-
try, ascertain the condition of the tribes, enter
into arrangements and negotiations, make treaties
of peace and amity with any or all of those tribes,
if possible; and whenever a tribe enters into nego-
tiations, and makes a treaty of this kind, the com-
missioners are to be empowered to give that tribe
protection and security against any molestation
whatsoever. This, therefore,is ameasureofpeace,
and, I presume will meet with no objection from
any quarter. This amendment originated with the
Committee on Military Affairs. It is brought
forward by us, and I am happy to say that the
President of the United States seemed to be grat-
ified at it. He was pleased with the amendment.
He assured me, and the committee through me,
that his only object was peace and to prevent war,
and this amendment has met his hearty and cheer-
ful approbation.
The second amendment, which I have had the
honor to offer, is one prepared by the War De-
' partment. Tt has been slightly changed from its
original form. I shall not refer to the change
now, though I may do so on a future occasion.
The proposition is to authorize the President to
accept the services of volunteers, not to exceed
three thousand men in any case. Those men are
to serve for a term not longer than eighteen months
in any event. It also provides for five hundred
Indians, on which the honorable Senator from
Michigan has commented.
I confess that when the committee considered
the matter, I did not like that provision. It struck
me precisely as it strikes the honorable Senatoi*
from Michigan. I felt that it would be liable to
misconstruction. 1 took occasion to converse with
the Secretary of War on the point. The honor-
able gentleman at the head of the War Depart-
ment assured me that the object of employing
these Indians was not to raise the tomahawk,
as supposed by the honorable Senator from
Michigan; he was as much averse to that as any
man in the United States could be; but that his
object was, simply, to employ them as guides and
scouts, for the purpose of giving information to
the troops, and for no other purpose. He said
he would never consent for turning the Indian
loose upon his brother Indian. lie assured me
that some of those semi-civilized tribes, to which
the honorable Senator has referred, the Delawares,
the Shawnees, and others, were more alarmed at
the condition of the Indian country than the whites
themselves. Those Indians are more afraid of the
aggressions of the wild tribes than are the whites,
and they are asked for as a military force to
accompany the army for the purpose of giving
information, acting as guides and scouts, and not
for the purpose of aiding in conflict. But, sir, I
anticipated an objection to this provision of the
amendment, and, for one, I shall not insist upon
it for a single moment. If the honorable Senator
moves to strike out, I shall have no objection.
I have felt that there was great responsibility on
the Committee on Military Affairs in this matter.
I hold in my hand the message of the President
of the United States on this subject. The Presi-
dent, as the Executive head of the nation, deems
it his duty at this time to call for this force, and
he gives his reasons in his message. I will read
that portion which relates to this point. He says:
" l^e ot^er hand, without a permanent militaiy force,
of sufficient strength to control the unfriendly Indians, it
may be expected that hostilities will soon be renewed, and
that years of border warfare will afflict the country, retard-
ing the progress of settlement, exposing emigrant trams to
savage barbarities, and consuming millions of the public
money."
Accompanying this message is a report from
the Secretary of War, in which he takes occasion
to speak of the inadequacy of the regular force for
the protection of the country, and refers to the
fact that Congress has, by some means or other,
j although notified of this inadequacy for two ses-
sions past, made no provision to remedy it He
