396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
ns to be enabled to treat successfully with the
Indians, and get inserted in the treaties stipula-
tions favorable to the interests of the United
States, and such as would be calculated to pre-
serve peace with the Indian tribes.
Mr. SHIELDS. I understood that the honor-
able Senator asked me to explain this amendment.
I can do so now, if he desires it.
Mr. BELL. I can hear the honorable chair-
man now; but I have only a very few remarks to
make myself.
Mr. SHIELDS. I shall wait until the Senator
concludes.
Mr. BELL. I was proceeding to state that the
law to which I referred was based upon the supposi-
tion, by Congress, thatthe Indian superintendents
who, from practice and experience, and a knowl-
edge of Indian character, and particularly of the
wants and complaints of the various tribes in their
neighborhood, ought to be presumed to be the
best informed men on the subject, and would be
most likely to be efficient commissioners in making
treaties. It was then proclaimed that, if the su-
perintendents employed in the various Indian
departments, (appointed regularly by the Execu- 
tive, with the sanction of the Senate of the United
States,) were not men who could be trusted in
making treaties with the various tribes m their
neighborhood they should not have their posi-
tions. It was presumed that no men should hold
these places unless they were competent for this.
Objection was made—and I remember very well
to have stated it briefly myself—to allowing Indian
agents of particular tribes to make treaties with
those tribes. It was thought that they were not,
perhaps, the most proper persons to be commis-
sioned to make treaties with the tribes for which
they were agents, because, however honest and
patriotic such men might be when they received
their appointments, yet the interests, and influ-
ences, and temptations which surround them on
the frontier are such that we could not safely in-
trust them with the making of treaties with the
tribes for which they were appointed agents. It
was urged, however, that the superintendents of
the various Indian departments, under the super-
vision of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
himself, or with the aid of experienced officials
connected with the Indian department, were the
proper persons to be intrusted with this high
power, and that it was an act of unnecessary ex-
penditure to appoint special commissioners to
make every new treaty with an Indian tribe.
Complaints were made of the expenses which had
occurred in the Indian department in carrying
out a policy so entirely unnecessary. Congress,
with great unanimity, abolished the whole system,
and enacted a new law limiting such uppoiutnients
to the officials of the Government.
Well, now, sir, allow me to make an applica-
tion of the argument which was then used. What
reason is there for supposing tlmt the superintend-
ents of Indian affairs 111 Washington and Oregon
Territories would not be the proper persons to
arrange treaties, and ascertain the, sentiments of
the tribes m their respective Territories? Prob-
ably, they could ascertain and report at once to
the Executive the disposition, whether hostile or
peaceable, of the various small remnants of tribes
in those Territories. If the superintendent m
Oregon is not competent to do this, he ought not
to be superintendent; and the same remark is true
of the superintendent of Washington. So, sir, in
New Mexico. What reason can be assigned why
the superintendent of Indian affairs there ought
not to make these treaties' We might associate
with hirn, if you choose, an officer of the Army,
or a civil officer in Ins neighborhood, or any of
the Indian agents; but why is not the superin-
tendent the proper person to sound the disposition
of the various Indian tnbps in his neighborhood?
Jf the superintendents are not competent, if they
are not well informed, they should not be m then-
present positions; and if we have such men in their
places, it is the fault of the Executive and of the
Senate. Why cannot the superintendents of In-
dian affairs be trusted ? We have a superintendent
at St. Louis, fie is not presumed to be connected,
by prejudice or bias, with the interests of any of
the Indian tribes on the frontier, over whom he has
a general superintendence. I might, if I were well
acquainted with their names, or characters, or
capacities, enumerate the various agents on the
frontier who are in the habit of coming in contact
with the Indians, who know, or ought to know,
the disposition of the various tribes m their neigh-
borhood.
It may be said that they are not acquainted
with the disposition of the wild, roving tribes—
the Arabs of the plain on this side of the Rocky
mountains, and in the gorges of those mountains.
That is very likely; but on the other hand, let
me ask, how it i3 expected that peaceable men
from the interior of the country—if such men
shall be appointed commissioners under this pro-
vision—or men from the frontier, will be able to
find them and ascertain their disposition ? How
are these men to catch the wild Indians, and sound
them? I suppose we must give them full notice,
as was given to the tribes with whom a treaty was
made at Fort Laramie some time since. We
must spread the information far and wide among
the roving tribes, and invite them to a peace con-
ference. That is the only way they could act.
But, sir, are not our present Army officers at the
different stations, Fort Laramie, Fort Leaven-
worth, and other places where we have troops;
are not the Indian agents, who come in contact
with the Indians daily; are not the Indian super-
intendents, who exercise a general supervision
over them, the men who would be the most likely
to succeed, in a short space of time, m getting at
the various roving tribes, and accomplishing the
very object the Senator from Illinois says this
Government has at heart—to preserve peace on
the frontier? Would not these men be most likely
speedily to get information, eo as to advise the
President whether it would be necessary to dis-
patch the volunteers at once, or to delay a portion
of them, or all of them, to see whether there was
any danger of war on the frontier?
From what I have said, it will be perceived at
once, that my purpose is to asceitain what use
there is in appointing these three commissioners,
and not trusting this power to the superintendents
and agents, who have been intrusted with it here-
tofore, and whom alone the lav/ requires to be
entrusted with it? If there are any sufficient rea-
sons why this change should be made, of course I
shall yield my opposition to this proposition; but
it does seem to me that the Government would
be more likely to receive authentic information, in
a short space of time, of the dispositions of the
Indians, from the reports of superintendents, and
agents, and officers, at our various forts and out-
posts, who probably know at this time as much
as they will be likely to know within a brief
period, of the designs of the various roving bands.
I understood the honorable Senatoi to say that
there were one hundred and eighty thousand wild
Indians. Sorely that must be a mistake.
Mr. SI 1 HOLDS. I said that was the number
of Indians there.
Mr. BELL. I thought it must have been a
mistake to imagine that there was that number of
wild Indians. 1 understood the honorable Sena- i
tor, then, to say that there are one hundred and !
eighty thousand Indians in that country, and only !
; eighteen hundred soldiers; and 1 believe he does I
' not include the Indians in Texas in that state- I
! ment. J
Mr. SHIELDS. There are one hundred and 1
eighty thousand Indians in the western military
department, which extends from the Mississippi
river to the Rocky mountains, excluding Texas
and New Mexico. Of course, all the Indians are
not wild Indians. Included in this number are
the Delawares, and a few small tribes which have
treaties with the United States, if we were to
include the whole number of Indians, I suppose it
would amount to something like four hundred
thousand.
Mr. BELL. Within the territories of the
United States ?
Mr. SHIELDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BELL. I do not propose to go into that
subject now; but I really think that there must be
some mistake in supposing that there are one hun-
dred and eighty thousand Indians west of the Mis-
sissippi, excluding Texas and New Mexico. On
a former occasion, when I went into an investiga-
tion of that point, with the lights before us, I came
to the conclusion that the roving Indians were
about forty or forty-five thousand. I think this
calculation was made at the time when it was pro-
posed to collect the wild Indians at Fort Laramie,
and make treaties with them. An apcropriation
was made for that purpose ; but I do not recollect
how many they succeeded in getting together. If
there are only about forty thousand wild Indians,
they are not so numerous as is supposed; and, I
presume, that these are the only Indians about
whose disposition the Government is uninformed.
I presume there can be no doubt as to the friendly
disposition of the Indians immediately on our
borders, such as the large and flourishing tribes
west of Arkansas, who, I believe, alone amount
to fifty-eight thousand. It is the disposition of the
wild tribes which we wish to ascertain. We wish
to find out whether they are for peace or for war.
It is proposed to see whether they will take some
annual gratuity, and remain at peace, as those did
who met at Fort Laramie, a few years ago. Then
I put it to the honorable Senator, whether the In-
dian agents and superintendents, and Government
officials now on the ground, could not, in a shorter
space of time, better answer the purposes of the
Government, ard of the country, in getting reliable
information > Why, then, should they not be en-
trusted with the duty of sounding the disposition
of these roving bands?
Mr. WELLER. Will the Senator from Ten-
nessee allow me to read a short paragraph from
the report made by Mr. Schoolcraft, on Indian
statistics, showing the number of Indians on the
new line of frontier acquired by the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo ? With the Senator's permis-
sion I will read it.
Mr. BELL. Very well.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. Schoolcraft says:
" The entire number of Indians nn the new line of fron-
tiers acquired since the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and
of the Pacific territories, is shown to be 168,002, namely:
Texas, 29,575; ,V<- w Mexico, 58,480; California, 45,235;
Oiegon and Washington, 23,733; and Utah, 12.000. The
gross numbers would, at the usual rate of computation for
women am! children, and old and superanuated men, give
33,GOO lighting men."
Mr. BELL. Is that the whole number in our
new acquisitions ?
Mr. WELLER. There are thirty-three thou-
sand warriors in the new acquisitions.
Mr. BELL. Do 1 understand the honorable
Senator to assert that thirty-three thousand war-
riors have been added to the Indian country by
the Mexican trenty?
Mr. WELLER. Yes, sir. According to Mr.
Schoolcraft's statement, one hundred and sixty-
eight thousand Indians have been added, giving,
; at the usual computation, over thirty-three thou-
j sand warriors. I should remark, however, that
i this statement embraces Texas.
! Mr. BELL. That opens a larger field than I
1 propose to go into now. I do not mean, at this
i time, to go into the question, whether or not there
is a necessity for raising these volunteers. If there
is, if a crisis has arrived, rendering their employ-
ment necessary, no man will vote for raisin°-'them
more cheerfully than I will; but I should Tike to
hear the evidence on which the idea of such a crisis
is sustained. If there were such a large number of
warriors as the Senator from California supposes,
it would afford ground for apprehension. My
: object, however, was not, at this time, to go into
[ that question; but my purpose was to speak as to
J the proposed appointment of commissioners,
j Mr. SHIELDS. Let me read a few words
I from the last annual report of the Secretary of
; War, on this subject:
] " We have a sea-board and foreign frontier of more than
ton thousand miles; an Indian frontier, and routes throuch
; trie Indian country, requiring constant protection, of more
| than eight thousand mile5;, and an Indian population of
, more than four hundred thousand, of whom probablv one
half, or forty thousand warriors, are inimical, and* only
wait the opportunity to become activc enemies."
Mr. BELL. I do not wish to go into that
matter now, as I hardly think it necessary to do
so. I do not believe Chat there are four hundred
thousand Indians m the whole territories of the
, 'ted States. I have looked at Mr. Schoolcraft's
book, and I believe I have seen before the state-
riv W-aS rea,d rby the honorable Senator
fiom California and I think it not so unlikely
a we acquired as great a number as one hun-
dred and sixty-eight thousand by the treaty of
annexation, as the other statement is. But I be-
neve we have always exaggerated the number of
Indian tribes m the interior. We formerly esti-
mated them at three hundred thousand before the
tteaty by which we acquired New Mexico and
California, though I think it a very large estimate.
Since then, the number has generally been esti-
mated, in round numbers, at four hundred thou-
