1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
399
tribe with whom a treaty will have to be made, is
more familiar with their wants and complaints,
and with the policy that the Government may
wish to adopt with reference to the particular tribe,
than any other individual that can be transmitted
to it. He is certainly more familiar with what he
bad pledged the Government to do. It may be
well that some one else should be associated with
him; so that, if he has made improper pledges,
they may be arrested; but it is certainly to be pre-
sumed that1 those agents who are among the In-
dians will have more of the confidence and the ear
of the Indians, than any that can be transmitted
to that country, who are unaccustomed to Indian
habits and to the Indian tribes with whom they
will have to deal. That is the condition in which
we shall be left if the commissioners are not to be
appointed. In making the selection of the agents,
the President can take from any part of the Indian
service, either from the bureaus here, or from any
portion of the agents of the different tribes at the
West who may be nearest to the tribes with whom
the Government will desire to deal.
1 hope, sir, that the suggestion of the Senator
from Tennessee will be agreed to, and that we
shall have no more commissioners appointed. The
class of commissioners who had been appointed,
and who led to the enactment of the law of Febru-
ary, 1851, had been such as were forced upon the
President. Say what we will for the anxiety
which we ought to admit exists on the part of
every President of the United States to appoint
proper officers, it is yet often the case that the
sternest President is unable to appoint men whom
his judgment would tell him would be the better
men for the post. It is also often the case, if not
always, that the President himself is not well
suited to judge upon the qualification? of different
applicants for offices, and consequently political
friends, or persons who may be around him, or
members of Congress, whether political friends or
not, force upon his consideration the appointment
of such men as are totally and wholly unfit for the
place, and ignorant of its duties. It was to get
rid of that class of appointments, a class, as they
were termed in that day in the debates, of broken-
down politicians, who were transmitted upon these
errands in the performance of these duties, for the
sake of giving them a place to go to, and some-
thing to support themselves upon, that the law
was passed, as well as to render the public service
effective in itself by the appointment of those who
were competent, from their knowledge of the In-
dians, to perform and dischnrge the duties of the
office in the best manner. 1 shall, therefore, sup-
port the amendment to the amendment which is
suggested by the Senator from Tennessee, to
strike out all that portion which relates to the ap-
pointment of three commissioners.
Mr. HUNTER. This whole subject is one of
great difficulty and embarrassment. At least, sir,
it has given me much anxiety. The proposition
for a commission has, in certain aspects of the
case, some recommendations. If we are to send
out an army of volunteers—three thousand, as is
proposed by the amendment—amongst the In-
dians, I fear a long and dangerous war is almost
inevitable. If such a force as that should be sent
out, then I understand it to be the proposition of
the Senator from Illinois not to revive the old
system, which was very properly put down, but
to send along with it a commission, to treat for
peace; and looking to it as offering some hope,
some very faint hope, of arresting those diffi-
culties, if the selection should be wisely made, 1
have come to the conclusion that i will vote for
euch a commissioner in the event that the three
thousand volunteers should be raised. Of course
it will depend upon the selection which the Presi-
dent may make, whether the commission would
be of any use or not. He mi^ht, undoubtedly,
select persons to go with the officers in command
of the force, who might have experience and
knowledge of the Indian character and habits, and
be of service in preventing the results which I
apprehend from raising such a body of volunteers,
and sending them among the Indians.
But, sir, I would propose, instead of these vol-
unteers, to raise, at once, two regiments of regu-
lars, and some five hundred rangers. I would
prefer to substitute another force, which I believe
would be much better fitted for the end, and which
might be raised without leading to the result which
I apprehend from sending three thousand volun-
teers out among the Indians, from the habits of
the volunteers, and the strong temptation which
would exist in the mind of an ambitious officer to
perform some exploits, or do something by which
he might acquire fame and reputation.
Believing this, and intending, before the vote is
taken upon the amendment, to offer some such
amendment to that amendment, 1 would prefer
that the vote upon this should be taken after it is
decided whether we shall raise the three thousand
volunteers, or give two regiments of regulars and
a company of rangers, which would amount to a
force of something like fifteen or sixteen hundred
men. It would save much money, and, I believe,
would furnish the Government with far more
efficient means for restraining the outrages in such
a manner as would prevent war; because it would
be more under the controlof the Department than
if we raise the force which is proposed. If vol-
unteers are to go out, I think we had better send
the commission with them. 1 do not know that
it would be of much service, but still there is some
faint hope that perhaps they might be of service in
treating, and preventing the outrages and Indian
hostilities. But if, on the contrary, we raise the
other forces which I suggest, then 1 see no neces-
sity for sending such a commission; and I believe
myself that would be the better plan.
Mr. SHIELDS. I agree with the Senator in
his remarks, that these volunteers are only troops
for an emergency, that the regular troops are al-
ways the best troops to keep peace among the In-
dians; and that that cannot be done permanently
except by a permanent force, not by a movable op-
erating army. But it will take some time to organ-
ize three or four regiments of regulars. I believe
the Senator knows also, that if the bill in relation
to the regulars, should pass this session, the force
could not be organized before the fall. Now, the
danger, if I understand it, is to be apprehended
in the spring. The apprehension is that, in the
spring the Indians will burst upon thesettlements;
and these volunteers are merely to meet that emer-
gency. I see the difficulties which are in the way;
and t should prefer the regular troops by far.
Mr. HUNTER. I will suggest to my friend
from Illinois, that they could, no doubt, raise five
hundred rangers as soon as they could the volun-
teers, and those, with some three or four hundred
dragoons, who aie at the service of the Depart-
ment, would at once furnish a force in the spring
of some eight or nine hundred men to start with,
and we might raise the regiments of regulars by
the time they should be wanted.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will ask, sir, because I will
take to-night to consider the proposition, whether
the Senator will aid us in putting the recommenda-
tion of the Executive to increase the Army by
four regiments, in place of this amendment?
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot; I have said what
I would do. That is as far as I would go. My
object is to supply a sufficient force of regulars to
prevent these outrages, and not to raise such an
army of volunteers as would invite war, and, I
am afraid, lead to an Indian war, the end and con-
sequences of which no man can foresee.
Mr. SHIELDS. Does not the honorable Sen-
ator know that, at the last session, we passed a bill
through the Senate, which has never been touched
in the House, to increase the Army ? This bill
may meet the same fate again; and how do we
stand before the country? for the President has
made the call upon us.
Mr. HUNTER. Perhaps the Senator does
not understand me. 1 agreed to vote for the prop-
osition which I suggested as an amendment to
his, on this bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. That is for two regiments
and five hundred rangers.
Mr. HUNTER. Two regiments, which would,
amount to one thousand two hundred and eighty
men, and then five hundred rangers.
Mr. SHIELDS, I do not think the force at
all sufficient.
Mr. (jWIN. What is the pending question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is on the
first section of the amendment, which provides for
the appointment of a commission.
Mr. GWIN. 1 am not in favor of that propo-
sition. I do not think it is necessary to provide
commissioners. It seems to me that the best
commissioner who could be sent would be the Gen-
eral-in-Chief; that he would be the proper man
to determine when the Indian treaties should be
made. If you send a force, rely upon it there wii!
be fighting, especially if you send volunteers. You
cannot collect three thousand mounted men or
rangers, and put them in the field under the com-
mand of such a general as they would choose—
and I hope they will have their own selection—
without having a skirmish with the Indians of
some character or other; and there should be no
party in connection with them who would disturb
the military operations of the General-in-Chief. If
these three thousand volunteers are to be selected
as volunteer forces, in my opinion that is indis-
pensable, unless the plan of the Senator from Vir-
giniais so enlarged as to create military posts while
these military regiments are to be raised. We
must have a large force, and we must have a mil-
itary road, guarded by military posts through the
country, and upon which pioneers can settle, and
keep the Indians in subjection in all time to come.
If we go to war with them, we ought to make it
a final war. If this force is to be called out, it
seems to me they should have the selection of their
own commander. It is rarely the case that we
meet with such an instance as this. There are
large bands of armed Indian warriors to be en-
countered, and the commander should be the com-
missioner. He should have pawer to make war
and peace with the Indian tribes. My impression
is, that the proper plan by which to obtain perma-""
nent peace with the Indians would be to have per-
manent troops, and to establish permanent mili-
tary posts along the emigrant route.
Mr. SHIELDS. I want to understand the
honorable Senator's proposition. If I understand
him, he desires that these volunteers should select
their own general.
Mr. GWIN. Certainly.
Mr. SHIELDS. Who is to command them
in this campaign ?
Mr. GWIN. Certainly; and that that general
should be the commissioner to treat with the In-
dians, instead of having a separate board of Com-
missioners. I think they might interfere with
each other. I am of the opinion that we nevei
can have that road properly protected and kept
clear of Indian depredations, unless we have a
permanent military road through the territories
of the United States, with military posts, at which
a portion of the Army shall be established, and
upon whic.h there shall be settlements of pioneers,
who will very soon keep the Indians down. I am
in favor of the plan, and of having it speedily
brought before the Senate in some form in which
it can be voted upon on this bill; for I agree with
the honorable Senator from Illinois, if we do not
put on this bill what we propose to do, it will
probablv be lost in the other House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to make some
observations on this subject before it is disposed
of. I wish to make a number of remarks, for I
shall not confine myself to the proposition of
employing an Indian force, or to the question of
appointing commissioners to treat with the In-
dians, but shell take a wider range.
Mr. BADGER. I will submit a motion to
adjourn, if the honorable Senator will give way.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was just on the point of
doing so myself. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 25, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
TheJournai of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sagefrom the President of the United States, trans-
mitting a communication from the Secretary of
the Interior, recommending an appropriation for
the payment of a small balance due the Cherokee
Indians; which, on motion by Mr. Haven, was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
mpssage from the President of the United States,
transmitting reports of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior and the Postmaster General, together wnh
accompanying documents,communicating inform-
ation of the progress made under the act of Con-
gress of August 2,1854, entitled " An act to pro-
