400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25.
vide for the accommodation of the courts of the
United States in the cities of New York, Phila-
delphia, and Boston." #
Mr. WiTTE. 1 understand the message just
laid before the House by the Speaker to have
reference to a subject which was submitted to the
President, by resolution passed at the last session
of Congress, clothing him with authority to make
additional contracts for the purchase of sites, in
the cities of New York, Philadelphia, and Bos-
ton, for court-rooms and post offices. I under-
stand from the message that the President has
deemed it advisable not to exercise the authority
conferred upon him. He has also submitted to the
House the various propositions which have been
made, but declined to make a selection. It is true,
that the act gave him no authority to make a final
and positive purchase. It gave him only the
power to select the sites, requiring him to submit
his action for our decision.
The act is one of some moment. It is of the
greatest importance, at least to the cities of New
York, Philadelphia, and Boston, that a selection
should he made—first, with regard to the fitness
of the sites for the purposes for which they are
intended, and then with regard to the sums which
will be necessary to expend in their purchase.
There are a number of propositions presented;
and I have no doubt that you will find embraced
in them offers for sites both fit and unfit, ot low
price and high price; and this House is now called
upon to make a selection atid decide in the case.
I would ask that the message and accompanying
documents be referred to a select committee of
five, with instructions to examine the subject, and
report, in order that the House may be able to
give a correct decision in regard to this matter.
Mr. HOaSTON. Does the message refer
alone to court-houses, or does it embrace the
whole subject?
Mr. WiTTE. It embraces the whole subject.
Air. HOUSTON. I think the communication
had better go to the Judiciary Committee, although
I have no objection to a reference of the subject
to a select committee.
The question was taken on Mr. Witte's mo-
tion; and the message and accompanying docu-
ments were referred to a select committee.
) ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DE WITT, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported aa correctly enrolled bills of
the following titles:
An act for'the relief of Frederick Vincent, admin-
istrator of James Le Caze, survivor of Le Caze &
Mallett; and
An act lo authorize the issue of a register to
the bark Colonist, hy the name of The Lilly.
Which thereupon received the signature of the
Speaker.
dr. Kane's expedition.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to have taken from the Speak-
er's table, a joint resolution of the Senate with
reference to the expedition under Or. Kane, it I
am allowed a few moments to make an explana-
tion, I shall be able to remove the misapprehension
under which gentlemen have labored, and espe-
cially the honorable gentleman who objected to
the consideration of the resolution a few days
since.
Mr. MILLSON. I think it is a very inappro-
piiate time to call up the resolution now, as it will
lead to debate. I was about to suggest, a moment
or two since, that, as the House had agreed to
close the debate upon the French spoliation bill at
three o'clock this evening, it is desirable that we
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
nf the Union eaily, and take up the special order.
Mr. CHANDLER. Does the gentleman fiom
Virginia object ?
Mr. M1LLSON. I think the gentleman will
see the propriety of an objection being made at
this time.
Mr. CHANDLER. The consideration of the
resolution will not occupy more than ten minutes.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of the resolution?
Mr. HAMILTON". I object, if there is to be
action upon it.
TERRITORIAL BILLS.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make reports from the
Committee on Military Affairs, having reference
to the territorial business, whicti has been set
apart for consideration on Monday, Tuesday
and Wednesday next. My object in reporting
the bills at this time, is, that they may be printed
and in a condition to be acted upon by the House,
when they proceed to the consideration of the
special order next week.
Mr. EDGERTON. I would inquire of the
gentleman if the bill providing for three thou-
sand volunteers is one of the bills which the
gentleman desires to report.
Mr. FAULKNER. It is not; but I shall ask
the unanimous consent of the House to take tip
that bill on Monday next, or move a suspension
of the rules for the purpose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia asks the unanimous consent of the House
to make a report connected with territorial busi-
ness, that the bills may be referred, in order to
be placed in a condition to be acted upon when
territorial business comes up under the special
order next week.
Mr. LETCHER. What are the reports about ?
The SPEAKER. Territorial business.
Mr. LETCHER. Yes; but what sort of terri-
torial business ?
Mr. FAULKNER. I think the gentleman
from Virginia is aware they are not railroad bills.
Mr. LETCHER. Are they military road bills?
Mr. FA ULICNER. I think most of them are
adverse reports, and there are no railroad bills
among them. I want to place them in a condi-
tion to come before the House on Monday, Tues-
day, and Wednesday, which are set apart for the
consideration of territorial business.
Mr. LETCHER. I have no objection to that,
but I am opposed to all roads, and if there are any
road bills, 1 object.
Objections being made, the report was not
received.
FRENCH SPOLIATION DILL.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. 1 move that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The Chair announced that the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. I ask that the
other side may be counted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair inquired, before
he announced hisdecision, if a further count was
required, and he heard no response.
Mr. MILLER. A further count was required
in this part of the House.
The SPEAKER. This is the first the Chair
has heard of it, but he will recognize the require-
ment as in time.
Mr. ORR. I submit that it is too late. It is
immaterial whether the call for a further count was
made or not, as long as it was not heard by the
Chair.
The SPEAKER. That is a very rigid rule the
gentleman from South Carolina would have fol-
lowed. The Chair does not desire to entrap the
House or any portion of its members, anu will
put the question again.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I call for tellers
Tellers were ordered and Messrs. Edmundson
and Phillips were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 9G, noes 29.
So the molion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Seymour in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The committee at its last
session, had under consideration House bill (No.
117) to provide for the ascertainment and satis-
faction of claims of American citizens for spo-
liations committed by the French prior to the
31st day of July, 1801. The pending question is
upon the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Or.r,] to strike out the
first section of the substitute proposed by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.J Upon that
question the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Orr] has the floor.
Mr. ORR. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. G1DDINGS, of Ohio. I rise to aquestion
of order. The rules of this House provide that
no member shall speak more than once to the
same question without leave of the House, unless
he be the mover, proposer, or introducer of the
matter pending, in which case he shall be per-
mitted to speak in reply, but not until every mem-
ber, choosing to speak, shall have spoken.
Mr. ORR. Yes, sir; but I have the start of the
gentleman upon that question.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I claim the floor from the
gentleman under that 37th rule of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. But there is another rule
of parliamentary practice which governs the
House, and that is, that on an amendment being
moved, a member who has spoken to the main
question may speak again to the amendment.
The pending question is upon the amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask thegentleman from South
Carolina to yield me the floor for a moment, for
the purpose of explaining the course I shall pursue
upon the question under consideration.
Mr. ORR. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to state to the com-
mittee the course 1 shall pursue on all questions
pertaining to this bill. The rules of this House
provide that " no member shall vote on any
question, in the event of which he is immediately
and particularly interested." My interest was
acquired by no act of mine, but came to me by
inheritance, through my maternal grandfather,
who was interested in a vessel which was seized
and confiscated by the French cruisers; and in the
event of the passage of this bill, something would
be due to his heirs.
I make this statement because no opportunity
will be afforded to me when the bill shall come
into the House, and I desire to place upon the
record the reasons why I shall not vote upon this
question.
Messrs. ORR and M1LLSON addressed the
committee in opposition to, and Messrs. PHIL-
LIPS and BAYLY of Virginia, in favor of the
bill. [Their speeches, withheld for revision, will
be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. BAYLY, having concluded his remarks,
moved that the committee rise.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Why not
move that the committee rise and report the bill to
the House with a recommendation that it pass ?
Mr. BAYLY. I have no objection to making
the motion in that form.
Mr. ORR. I submit that the motion is not in
order. The bill has not been read by clauses.
The CHAIPoMAN. The regular order will be
for the bill to be read by sections for amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Is not the
motion that the committee rise in order?
The CHAIRMAN. Not if it includes the
motion to report the bill to the House.
Mr. BAYLY. If there is an amendment pend-
ing, as I understand there is, of course it is not in
order to move to report the bill to the Hous.e.
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
pending which the Chair understands to be in the
nature of a substitute. The Chair will rule,
therefore, that the original bill must first be read
by sections for amendments to perfect it, and then
the vote taken upon the substitute.
Mr. SKELTON. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Upon that motion 1 de-
mand tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Sollers and
Fuller were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 76, noes 69.
So the tnotiun was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Seymour
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the French spoliation bill, and had come to no
resolution thereupon.
JAPAN EXPEDITION.
Mr. BOCOCK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was referred,
under the rule, to the Committee on Printing:
Resohed, That the Secretary of the Navy he requited
to communicate to this House a copy ofCwnmodon M. O.
Perry's report of the fate expedition to Japan, :.nd that tea
thousand extra copies of the same, together with the map>,
charts, and drawings accompanying, be printed lui she u«e
of the House, and that five hundred additional copies be
printed for the use of the said Commodore Perry.
J, BOARD OP CLAIMS.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
