406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
not agree, to arbitration? When this claim was
placed in the hands of the Government of the
United States, it became a claim of the Govern-
ment, and not of Captain Reid and others. The
Government was the party to prosecute it. The
Government was authorized either to declare war,
or to negotiate, or to place it in the hands of an
arbitrator, as it pleased. Our Government was
the prosecutor, trie claimant, the party before the
world; and when it could not succeed in obtaining
payment for the claim, it chose a disinterested
person to settle the question, as it had an unques-
tionable right to do.
It has not been contended, in any quarter, that,
' m the course of arbitration, all the papers, and
everything in relation to the claim which had any
proper bearing upon it, were not properly and
fairly submitted to the arbitrator, and that his
decision was not made in good faith. Still, in the
face of that fact, we are called upon to nullify a
treaty which we made, to set aside the course
which was adopted by the consent of all the co-
ordinate branches of the Government which could
be called upon to consent. The issue was unfor-
tunate; but the claimants acquiesced in the sub-
mission. We are requested to pay them, because
they could not get payment from Portugal. The
idea to me is a remarkable and a strange one; and
I do not see—I have not been able to discover,
since the discussion commenced, either at the
former session or at this—a single just or tenable
ground on which it could be based.
I stated before that if the bill were simply to
pay a certain amount of money to Captain Reid,
and the officer* and crew of his vessel, to remu-
nerate them for their services on this occasion, it
would present a very different question, and if we
had a constitutional right to make such an appro-
priation, I might vote for it; but I can see no
ground on which we should be called upon to pay
for the value of this vessel. When her owners
fitted her out, they subjected her to the chances of
war. The issue has been unfortunate for her, and
she has been lost. She wan not m the service of
the Government. She could receive, by way of
prize, the proceeds of her captuies. She went
into service, under the recognized laws of the laud,
only a quasi Government vessel, cruising on her
own account, and for her own benefit, and she must
take the consequences of the position in which she
placed herself.
Sir, there ia one ground, and only one, on
which I can imagine, for a single instant, that
there might be a snadow of claim on this Govern-
ment. I will state that to the Senate. If the Sen-
ate say it is a sufficient ground, they are at liberty
to do so; but, to my mind, it is not. This was
an act of the British Government outside of the
ordinary usages of war; the vessel was not taken
in fair fight on the high sens; she was pursued,
contrary to the laws of nations, into a neulial
port, and there, by a species of piracy—because it
was contrary to the law of nations—she was at-
tacked and destroyed. If the Senate should be of
opinion that our Government never should have
made peace with Great Britain without providing
for remuneration for such an act, it is aground
which might be fairly argued; but I am not pre-
pared to assent to it, because I hold that it is un-
questionably the doctrine of the law of nations,
as it is ordinarily underatood, that, so far as re-
gards each other, when enemies meet, no matter
where, on neutral ground or not, they may fight,
and the wrong they commit is not to each other,
but to the neutral power whose inviolability they
outrage.
I do not know, sir, whether Senators are aware
of the fact, that remuneration has already been
made, to a certain extent, to C ptain Reid, and his
officers and crew. In 1834—1 hold the act in my
hand—a law was passed by Congress to divide
the sum of $10,000 among Captain Samuel C.
Reid and the officers and crew of the private
armed brig General Armstrong. I suppose that
sum was presented in consideration of their gal-
lant services on that occasion. Perhaps it might
have been somewhat as payment in advance for
the matter to which my friend from Mississippi
alluded—the design of the flag which floats over
the Capitol. I may be permitted to remark here,
that if any payment is to be made for that service,
it would be well to put it in a separate bill, be-
cause, certainly, it has no effect at all, by way of
argument, on a question of this kind. The indi-
vidual merits of the officers of this brig are not
involved in this question. The sum of $10,000
was granted as long ago as 1834 to the officers
and crew of this very brig. Though the present
claim was not then before them in this shape—for
it had not then been submitted to arbitration—that
appropriation may be regarded as expressive of
the feeling of Congress; and now, after the time
has long gone by, and they have been remuner-
ated for their gallant services on the occasion, this
question comes up with reference to payment for
the vessel, cargo, and outfits.
Although it is of no particular consequence in
itself, allow me to call attention to the sum which
it is here proposed to appropriate. I do not
understand upon what ground this sum is predi-
cated. The claim made by our Government on
Portugal, so far as it covered the cost of the vessel
and the outfits, was but $42,000. A claim was
submitted to the Government of Portugal at the
same time of $50,000 additional for the expected
profits of the cruise of the Armstrong, I believe;
but the $42,000 covered the cost of the vessel and
outfits. Now, I wish to ask the Committee on
Foreign Relations how much they allowed for the
expected profits of the cruise. You may fairly
estimate tne sufferings of the officers and sailors,
perhaps; but how is this sum of $130,000 made
up ? What is the ground on which such an
amount of money is claimed ? Surely, nothing
ought to be allowed beyond the value of the vessel
and outfits; and perhaps a sum of money, as I
stated before, in consideration of the gallant ser-
vices of these men; but, beyond all question,
nothing should be appropriated to the owners of
the vessel for what they expected to gain, but did
not gain in consequence of its loss. The bill, as
it stands, is not to allow the Secretary of the
Treasury to ascertain the value of the vessel and
armament, and everything connected with it, and
how much the sailors lost in reference to their
own wages and services, and then pay the amount
to each one; but it is to pay the sum of $130,000
to the person who represents himself to be, and
probably is, the agent of the claimants; that is,
so much to each of the seamen on board the
vessel, or, if they are dead, to their heirs, or who-
ever may be interested in the matter. The bill is
wrong in itself m regard to the sum. It is wrong
in regard to the mode of distribution, in my judg-
ment, as it stands now. 1 fear it will be likely to
go into the hands of men who have not an inte-
rest anything equal to the amount which we are
urged to pay. There is no valid claim, in my
opinion, to be dcduced from anything I can draw
from the papers, or upon any principle advanced
by any Senator here, in debate or otherwise.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the human
mind arrives at differentconclusions from different
modeu of reasoning; and though I agree somewhat
with the general principles of the argument of tne
honorable Senator from Maine, I arrive at the
same conclusion as the honorable Senator from
Mississippi, but perhaps not on the samegrounds.
I propose to state briefly the reasons why I voted
in favor of this claim at the last session of Con-
gress, and why I shall vote for it again,
As to the latter part of the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Maine in reference to the amount of the
claim, I give no opinion. The bill does not pro-
vide, I understand, that the sum of $130,000 shall
be paid; but that is a limitation on the amount.
It is not to exceed that sum. The provision ia
that the claim shall be settled on the principles of
justice and equity. That is the ordinary form in
which you pass bills for the relief of individuals
when the exact sum is not known; and it is left
to the Departments to ascertain theamounton the
proofs in the case. That is the substance of the
bill, and it sufficiently answers the latter part of
the remarks of the Senator from Maine.
But, Mr. President, the question is, is the party
in this case entitled to relief? The main ground
on which I am disposed to vote in favor of the
bill, is one which I think has not yet been stated
in debate. Perhaps I may have been biased in
my judgment of the case by the very high opinion
which I have formed of the gallantry of Captain
Reid, in this action with the British in the war of
1812. I do not, for a moment, deny that when a
Government undertakes to prosecute a claim for
its citizens against a foreign Government, those
citizens are bound by its action. I admit that a
wide discretion must be allowed to the Govern-
ment, acting as agent for an individual in such a
case; and if the Government chooses to refer i* to
arbitration, and the arbitrator decides against the
party, that founds no claim upon the part of the
individual as against the Government, no matter
whether he protests or not against the arbitration.
I think, however, there are certain great principles
of justice which ought to always be adhered to. if
the Government, in the submission of a question
to arbitration, violate a great and substantial prin-
ciple of justice, I look upon it as a gross neglect,
which renders the Government responsible to the
claimant, if his rights be prejudiced by its action.
The ground on which I based my support of the
claim at the last session, was, that as the papers
were then presented to us, it appeared that, after
the arbitration was agreed upon, the claimant ap-
plied to the Government to give him the right to be
heard by written argument; or, through its own
. diplomatic agents, to appear before the authority
I which might be appointed by the Emperor of
Prance to decide the question; but that right of
hearing was refused. A construction was put
upon the treaty that the claimant could not be
heard; that only the original papers, exchanged in
the negotiations between the Governments, could
be before the French Emperor, in order to form
his decision.
Well, sir, looking on that decision as an atrocity
throughout, unsustainable by any known princi-
ple of law, but a perversion of facts from begin-
ning to end, I cannot believe that it would have
been made, if our Government had not rejected
the right of the claimant to be heard by his coun-
sel, or, if not by his counsel, by its own agents,
before the authority deputed by the French Em-
peror to examine the case. I therefore conceive
that this party has lost a decision in this case,
from what I term the gross neglect of our own Gov-
ernment, arising from a misconstruction of a treaty
which does not preclude the right to be heard.
That is a great principle of justice which I never
would deny. "Strike but hear }f is a principle
which applies in all ages, and in all times; and
in this country no man who wishes to be heard
in defense of his rights, should be refused a fair
opportunity to be heard in vindication of those
rights when they are to be decided upon. It is
on this ground that I shall vote in favor of the
claim, as an obligation on the Government.
There is added to this a further ground which,
I admit, has probably strengthened my opinion.
You have a right, beyond all question, to give
gratuities for noble actions done in war; and if I
had some doubts upon the other ground, I must
look to this transaction as it occurred. It is true
this was a case of a private armed vessel, but it
was a private armed vessel which stood out from
its class altogether; which performed services that
exhibited,on the partof thecommander and crew,
a gallantry which was surpassed by no vessel m
your employ during the war of I«12. The attack
made on this vessel was not, as the honorable
Senator from Maine supposes, outside the law of
nations; but it was a gross violation of the law of
nations. Great Britain attacked the vessel in the
harbors of Portugal, and the want of national
power on the part of Portugal to protect that ves-
sel, in my judgment, created an undoubted obli-
gation on the Portuguese Government to pay for
the damage.
Sir, I have looked at the facts of the case, and
I consider the decision of the arbitrator as one not
to be tolerated at ail as regards its justice or
equity. That it binds this Government I admit;
but under all the circumstances, looking at the
gallantry of these men in that action—which re-
flected splendor upon the history of this country—
I would treat this as if it were a national vessel,
£iZe l?.these parties, not the paltry sum of
$10,000, which was no remuneration at all, but I
would act on the same principle that the Gov-
ernment did in the case of the Wasp and the
J rollc' jn ^at case, the officers and crew of the
Wasp, after an action of great gallantry, captured
the b roue; but, unfortunately, immediately after
the action, both vessels were captured by a supe-
rior force. Remuneration was made by Congress.
Acting on that principle, as we cannot obtain
indemnity from the foreign Government, and
more especially as the claim was lost, in my judg-
ment, from an act of negligence or misappre-
hension on the part of our own Government, in
the interpretation of a. treaty, I shall feel myself at
