1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
liberty to vote such appropriation as, on the
principles of equity and justice, ought to be made.
I understand the term " on the principles of equity
and justice" to have a settled meaning at the
Treasury Department. It is held not to include
prospective profits, but actual losses sustained by
the destruction of the vessel and its armament at
the time. That is what I suppose the bill will
entitle the claimants to receive, and for that sum I
am perfectly willing to vote on the grounds which
I have stated.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I do not
propose to occupy the attention of the Senate, by
replying to all the remarks of the Senator from
Maine; but some of his positions were so ex-
tremely defective in my view, that I beg leave to
call attention to them.
The honorable Senator announced, with great
confidence, and repeatedly announced it to be
clear doctrine, that where a private claimant had
a claim in the hands of this Government against
a foreign country, the Government here has abso-
lute control over the claim, and has the right to
refer it, with or without his consent; and that in
the event of its referring it without his consent,
it is in no case responsible to the claimant, in
consequence of the loss of the claim. Now, sir,
I do not deny that this Government could have
taken this claim and released it to the Govern-
ment of Portugal, precisely as it released the
claims of its citizens for spoliations committed by
the French prior to 1800. Nobody denies that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps I stated the point
a little stronger than I meant it. What I meant
to say was, that the Government had perfect
control as to the mode in which it would manage
the claim, not that it had a right to give it up
without responsibility.
Mr. CLAYTON. Then the honorable Senator
restricts his position to this: that the Government
has a perfect right to manage the prosecution of
the claim in such mode as to it seems proper. I
will take the position now assumed, and I desire
to analyze it, and to call the attention of Senators
to it, to see how far that doctrine can be assumed
by men who are anxious to maintain the rights
of their countrymen, as well as the rights of this
Government.
Is it true that the State Department has it, at
this moment, in its power to refer any case there
pending without consulting the claimant? Un-
doubtedly it can do it; but the Government is
answerable in damages to the claimant, on every
fair and honorable principle, if it does this with-
out the claimant's consent, and neglects its duty
in the prosecution of the claim. If we are to
establish such a principle as that contended for by
the honorable Senator from Maine, the people of
the United States ought to be made aware of it. It
is most remarkable, if the State Department has
it in its power, without giving notice to a single
one of all the numerous^claimants on foreign Gov-
ernments, to refer their claims to anybody it
pleases, and not be answerable for the loss of the
claim. That statement amounts to very little else
than this: that the Government can give up a
claim, release it, and not be answerable. Now,
sir, I hold it to be clear, that the Government has
no right to refer the claim of any man intrusted
to it for prosecution, without his consent.
In this case, the claim was referred to arbitra-
tion without the consent, and without the knowl.
edge of the claimant. He had not the slightest in-
formation that such a thing was in progress. The
papers show exactly the opposite of what the
honorable Senator contended for in this respect.
Within three days after the matter came into the
hands of my successor in the office of Secretary
of State, he agreed to refer it. I know this of my
own knowledge. At that very moment the claim-
ant was confidently expecting that his claim would
be paid. Other claims had been given up, and he
had every reason to suppose that this, also, would
be paid. The claimant wrote to the Department
for information, and received the answer which
was read by my friend from Mississippi, that the
claim had been referred. Afterwards the treaty
was made, in pursuance of an arrangement, long
before agreed on, between Portugal and this Gov-
ernment, and the reference was confirmed.
The Secretary of State, (Mr. Marcy,) whose
communication is on the table, speaks of acqui-
escence. But what sort of acquiescence was there,
©f could there have been? The claimant had no
power to withdraw the reference. It was beyond
his reach. The language of the Secretary of State,
in reply to hi3 letter, was, that the proposition to
refer was accepted, and this was before he had the
slightest knowledge that the claim was about to be
referred. Talk about acquiescence after you have
decided it!—after the Government is so committed
that it cannot retract! Talk of his acquiescence
merely because he writes^ and, as the Senator from
Maine says, does not expostulate or protest! He
had protested before, but he had found his protest
insufficient. Another protest was utterly useless;
he did not make any more; therefore the argument
is that he acquiesced ! That is the whole of the
argument of acquiescence. The man did all he
could to prevent the reference; and, after he found
that it was of no use to make any opposition, he
desired to be heard by an argument, but he was
denied that.
But, Mr. President, the position contended for
by my friend from Maine, that this Government
has the right to refer all the claims in its hands to
anybody it pleases without the consent of the
claimant, is one which I utterly deny. He seemed
to consider that the Government had in this case,
before the reference was made, arrived at that
point where the only alternative was reference or
war. That is not the fact. If this Government
had informed Captain Reid, "We are about ,to
refer your claim; what do you think of that?" he
would have come forward, as he had done before,
and said: " No; do not refer it; abandon it; do not
prosecute it, if you please; but do not refer it."
If the Government thought arbitration was the
proper mode, and the party thought it was not,
the Government ought to have been controlled by
the wishes of the claimant, so far as to conform
to his opinion, and stop the prosecution of the
claim. The alternative of war or reference was
never presented; but I contend that Mr. Reid had
the right to say to the Government, " Either go
on and prosecute my claim, as you have done, or
abandon the prosecution of it, and drop it." Had
he not the right to say, " Do not refer it, for I
know I shall lose by it?" Undoubtedly; I think
every gentleman will agree with me he had that
right. If he had not, he had no right whatever
in the matter. Well, sir, he never was allowed
to exercise his right; the case was referred without
his knowledge; and then, again, it is most apparent
that the case was arbitrated and decided without
a hearing on his part. On that ground, I hold,
that Government is answerable.
The Senator from Maine has referred to the
law by which $10,000 was appropriated for the
officers and crew of the General Armstrong.^ If
that was voted as part payment of the claim now
before us, it is a recognition of the claim, and the
Government is bound to see what is the extent of
it, which is the purport and object of the bill. If,
on the other hand, the $10,000 was appropriated
as prize money for a different object, it has noth-
ing to do with the subject; but if it was a payment
towards the Armstrong, the claimants certainly
were not satisfied with that §10,000. No man
will pretend that $10,000 covers the value of the
brig and her equipment, or approximates to the
real amount of the losses of the parties. If, then,
as the gentleman contends, this was a payment
towards the Armstrong, it was a recognition on '
the part of the Government of its liability, and
there is an end of the argument.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I do not think
there is any necessity for any intricate refinement
about this subject. I do not believe there is any
great dispute in point of fact between gentlemen
who take different views on the question, about
the principles of the law of nations applicable to
it. It seems to me to be a plain, simple question,
and one which is to be decided upon the principles
of common honesty and common sense.
Sir, I certainly think that when a great nation
like this gets involved in war, and invites its citi-
zens to take up arms in ita defense, on the sea or
on the land, it is under very considerable obliga-
tions to see that those citizens who engage in its
defense shall have the protection which the law
of nations affords to them at the hands of neutral
Powers; that they shall be secure, so far as neu-
tral Powers owe the duty of protection. In the
very incipiency of the transaction, that relation
between the Government and the citizen created a
very strong obligation on the part of the Govern-
ment towards Captain Reid and those who were
associated with him. But, on the other hand, I
do not maintain that the Government is always
obliged to go to war—to resort to the extreme rem-
edy known to the law of nations—in order to ob-
tain redress for every citizen injured at the hands
of foreign Powers. Par from it. The first duty
of a nation is to secure the interests of all its
people, and the individual interest must be sacri-
ficed often to the public exigency. The public
welfaremust be maintained, though the individual
interest is ruined or lost. So in this case. If we
were a feeble nation, or if we were prosperously
engaged in the arts of peace, I should not hold
that it was the duty of tne United States to go to
war against Portugal, in order to compel the re-
dress of a private injury which had been suffered
by an individual citizen, at the hazard of breaking
up the great interests of the whole Common-
wealth.
All that, however, is foreign to the present case,
The Government might excuse itself from even
entertaining the claim of Captain Reid against the
Government of Portugal. That is foreign, also, to
the case, because the Government did entertain the
question, did take up the claim, and engaged to
prosecute it. When the Government assumed to
prosScute the claim, it became liable, as I said be-
fore, to act with common honesty, with common
integrity, and with common diligence as an agent,
and no more.
The Government having assumed to prosecute
this claim against Portugal was at liberty at all
times to abandon the prosecution when it found
redress could not be obtained without resort to
war, or when it found that the great and general
interests of the whole Republic would have been
compromised so much as to render war inexpe-
dient. That would have discharged the Govern-
ment, and under those circumstances there would
have been no obligation at all; but this also is
foreign to the case, because the Government, in-
stead of prosecuting the claim to that point, or
abandoning it in preference to prosecuting by hos-
t;lities, assumed to dispose of it in another way,
which was to refer it to arbitration.
Well, sir, the Government had a right to do
that, but it was to do it in such a way that it
should afford the individual claimant a fair op-
portunity to obtain the redress in that way. If
the Government has performed that duty, with
ordinary judgment and with ordinary care, the
individual is remediless. The question is, whether
the Government has done so? It has constituted
an arbitration, but it was a secret one. It has
constituted an arbitrator, and authorized that ar-
bitrator to decide upon the question in silence and
in secrecy.
Now, I submit to the honorable gentleman from
Maine, and to every other honorable Senator,
whether there is ever such a thing as an arbitra-
tion in which all that is required of the arbitrator
is to decide, and not to hear and try? There has
been no hearing, no trial of this claim, before the
arbitrator. TheGovernmenteitherdid or did not
stipulate that there should be a hearing and trial.
If it did so stipulate, it has failed either to ap-
pear itself by its minister, or to notify the claim-
ant, so that he could appear before the arbitrator,
make his allegations, give his proofs, and submit
his case for the consideration of the arbitrator.
No such thing appears in the case; but, on the
contrary, the Government did not take care to
stipulate for such hearing, and the consequence
has been that this claim of one of her citizens,
large to him, small to her, was carelessly and heed-
lessly thrown before the President of Prance, and
probably as carelessly and as heedlessly passed
upon in entire disregard of the first right of a party
in every human tribunal, and of the first duty of a
judge in every tribunal—thatof hearing the allega-
tions and proofs of the parties.
This is the state of the case. It has been dis-
posed of in that way. Somebody is to blame for
it. If it be the party himself, he is entitled to no
redress; but there is no allegation of that kind,
for the party was not consulted about the refer-
ence, and when it came to his knowledge he pro-
tested against it; but the Government went on
without giving him notice to appear, and without
appearing itself. Under these circumstances it is
a misfortune which has befallen him from the con-
duct of the Government, which is not c-iminal,
nor is it to be censured, because a great Govern-
ment like this has a great many duties and a great
