408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
many responsibilities, and it would be strange in-
deed if there was not somewhere, at some time,
some error in its conduct, as well in relation to the
interests of private individuals as to those of a
public nature. When such a thing occurs, it is a
misfortune of the Government which ought not to
be visited on one individual citizen, but should be
borne by all its citizens alike, as the consequence
of an unfortunate error that has happened in a
Government which, in the main, performs its du-
ties well and faithfully to all its citizens.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I did not intend,
Mr. President, to take any part in this discussion,
nor do I propose to do so now. The questions
which I propounded to the honorable Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] at the commencement
of the debate, were putin good faith, with a desire
to get such information as would enable me to ar-
rive, if possible, at the same conclusions to which
hehascome. I have been anxious, from the first
presentation of the claim since I have been here, to
voteforit if I could. I was not able, however, at
the last session of Congress, to satisfy myself to
vote for it, nor am I now satisfied to do so.
I feel the full force of every consideration which
operates upon the patriotic mind of the Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.] I think my
heart beats as responsively to emotions suggested
by the gallant conduct of the commander and crew
of the General Armstrong as that of the Senator
from Mississippi, or any other Senator. That
Senator supposes that the opposition to this claim
is descending to the technicalities of law. If that
shaft was intended for me it does not strike me,
for I do not profess to belong to the honorable
class of special pleaders. My object has been to
arrive at the truth, to ascertain the facts, so as to
be able to give a' vote which would satisfy my
own convictions of public duty, and be in accord-
ance with the suggestions of my heart. In addi-
tion to those patriotic emotions which seem to
animate my friend from Mississippi on this occa-
sion, I have another reason for desiring to vote in
favor of this claim. That reason is of a personal
character. I know the parties interested. They
have the warmest sympathies of my personal re-
gard; but, sir, such considerations are not enough
for me. I am here to perform a public duty, and
I shall dare to do it according to my own judg-
ment and the convictions of my own good sense.
I desire that the claimants shall have the full
benefit of the interrogatory which I propounded
to the honorable Senator from Delaware. 1 have
received a note from the agent of the claimants, in
which he says, they never knew of the arbitra-
tion until after the treaty was made. I will give
them the full benefit of this denial.
I find myself embarrassed when I presume to
differ from the honorable Senator from Delaware
on a question of this kind. His experience, his
long connection with the Government, and partic-
ularly his relations to this claim, render it a bold
task for me—a man of modesty and delicacy, 1
trust—to dare to differ from him. I must, how-
ever, look at the records for myself. The honor-
able Senator says there is no evidence of an acqui-
escence by the claimants in the submission of the
claim to arbitration. That is a question between
him and the present Secretary of State, who tells
lis there is such evidence. In such a condition of
things I am constrained to take the written official
declaration of the present Prime Minister as con-
clusive on that point. On this subject the honor-
able Senator from New York made a statement
■which was new to me. He said this arbitration
■was a secret one. Will the honorable Senator tell
us where he gets his information?
Mr. SEWARD. Perhaps the word " secret"
was too strong a one. I supposed, however, the
honorable Senator would understand it. I meant
that it was an arbitration in which the parties were
not heard.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am glad the Sen-
ator has made the explanation, but I think he is
equally at fault in his present statement. It was
no secret arbitration, because the treaty authoriz-
ing it was published to the world. The honor-
able Senator from Delaware admits that it was not
secret, for he says he knew of it three days after
Mr. Webster came into the State Department.
Mr. CLAYTON. Will the Senator allow me
to explain ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes air.
Mr, CLAYTON. The matter was privately,
not publicly, communicated to me. Having heard
shortly after I left the Department, that the in-
coming Administration was about to refer the
Armstrong claim, I ventured to drop a note to the
President requesting his particular attention to the
negotiations going on, and I requested that, if there
was any difficulty m regard to some of the pointsof
difference, I irighthavean opportunity of explain-
ing them. I was shortly afterwards called upon
by the Secretary of State, and his first remark
to me was, that he had agreed to refer the Arm-
strong case. I said nothing about that. It was a
confidential communication to me, and it was kept
secret, so far as I was concerned.
Mr. SEWARD. I perceive that the honorable
Senator from Tennessee has extended the mean-
ing of the words I used more broadly than I de-
signed. I did not intend to imply that the trans-
action of making the treaty was secret, but that
the exatnnation, the proceeding itself, was secret.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. The Senator from
Delaware says that the Secretary of State com-
municated to him, confidentially, the state of the
negotiations in reference to the brig General Arm-
strong. Well, sir, it appears, from the letters
which were read by the Senator from Mississippi,
that the claimants themselves were advised of it.
Captain Reid, in one of those latters, asked Mr.
Webster not to take action until he reached
Washington, and he said that he would be here
in time. Then the claimants were advised of the
intention of the Secretary of State to agree to
such a reference.
Mr CLAYTON. It will be remembered that
President Taylor died on the 9th of July, 1850.
On the 18th or 20th of July, Mr. Webster became
Secretary of State. About the 23d of July, the
Portuguese Minister and the Secretary of State
agreed to refer the Armstrong case to the arbitra-
tion of Louis Napoleon, on the ground, as I was
told by Mr. Webster, that he was the President
of a Republic. The letter which was read by the
Senator from Mississippi, to which my friend
referred, containing the remonstrance of Captain
Reid against the reference, or asking an oppor-
tunity to be heard before the negotiation should
be settled, was dated the 29th of August. An-
other of his letters was dated m September. Th
question had then been determined; there was an
end of it; and he could not possibly do anything
about it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I inferred from
the letters read by the Senator from Mississippi,
that the claimants did know the purpose of the
Secretary of State to agree to the reference, and
they asked an extension of time until they could
be heard on the point.
The honorable Senator from New York has
explained that, by the use of the term secret, he
, did not mean that the treaty had been secret, but
I that the arbitration was conducted secretly after it
was agreed upon. 1 should like to have proof on
| that point. The information which I have upon
the subject, and I consider it reliable, answers
two objections to the arbitration—one made by '
the Senator from New York, and the other by
the Senator from Delaware. The Senator from
New York says the hearing was secret, and no-
body was permitted to appear on either side. On |
the other hand the Senator from Delaware says !
the Portuguese Government was permitted to I
appear, but these claimants were not. The gen-
tlemen do not agree upon that point. Now, I am '
informed, from a source which I consider reliable
that the Portuguese Government never did appear
before the aibitration m any other sense than that
in which any Government appears. i
The Portuguese Minister at the court of Prance i
sent in to Louis Napoleon, the arbiter, all the:
documents and papers of that Government in ref- ]i
erence to the subject, and I understand that the 1
American Minister, Mr. Rives, did precisely the I
same thing. Neither Government appeared be- 1
fore the umpire, except by the simple presentation :
ot the papers on file in the archives of each Gov- ^
ernment If that was not fair, and equitable, and I!
just, I should like to know what would have been. 1
Sir, it seems to me that, by the passage of this '
bill, we shall be going to a very great length. 1
lhis Government, m its wisdom, in the adjudica- :
tion of a claim submitted to it, selected, as the i
wisest and best policy, a reference of that claim ;
to an arbitrator. That arbitrator was then high H
m the confidence of the American people, if 1 may j|
be allowed the expression. He took up the papers
which were referred to him, and made a decision
upon them. That decision, to my regret, to your
regret, sir, to the regret of every Senator here,
turned out to be adverse to the interests of some
American citizens. What is done forthwith in
the American Senate ? The arbitration is attacked,
the arbiter is said to have acted in secret, and
without examination. The Senator from New
York intimated thathe had disposed of it as sum-
marily as his own caprice may have suggested,
without an examination of the case. Bet the um-
pire has told us, that he examined it deliberately.
He made that statement on his responsibility as a
man, and as the representative then of a great
Republic, and an impartial umpire chosen by the
United States. I think that, by this course, we
are treating him with great indifference, if not with
absolute contempt. This is one objection which
I have.
I wish I could be justified in giving a vote in
favor of this bill; but, under the circumstances, I
cannot do so. I regret that I feel compelled to
vote against it. I had not intended to say a word
on the subject. I was seeking information. The
gentlemen who advocate the bill differ among
themselves as to the facts, and I can see no reason
which would justify me in setting aside the award
which was rendered, at the request of our own
Government, under all the solemnities which at-
tend such a proceeding.
Mr. CLAYTON. I wish to read a brief ex-
tract from the report of the committee, in reply to
one suggestion of the Senator from Tennessee,
i The committee say:
" It is evident, from the letter of Mr. Rives, that he never
was consulted or advised with in regard to the rights of the
claimants, nor was lie invited, or permitted, at any time to
appear before the 'Prince President,' or 'Emperor of
France,' to make any statement, or explain any fact or ar-
gument m behalf of the claimants in this arbitration."
The letter will sustain this statement.
Mr. JONES, of Tenn essee. It is just as T sup-
posed. The Minister of the Portuguese Govern-
ment submitted his papers,-and I understand that
Mr. Rives did the same thing. It would have
been exceedingly indelicate on the part of Mr.
Rives to endeavor to appear there as an advocate,
or special pleader, without authority from his
,| Government. He did all that he was required to
j! do, and all that the Portuguese Minister was per-
! mitted to do.
, j Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I do not thi-ik
j this is a case of special pleading at all. It is a
; casein which a great principle of justice has been
j violated—violated by the act of our own Goiern-
'i ment. It is a case in which a treaty referred a
| single claim—not a variety of claims—to the de-
; cision of a foreign Government. I do not deny
i the right to do this; I do not question the pro-
|j pnety of such a reference in cases of this kind;
but, unless I am grossly mulaken, you can find'
j in the annals of our country no instance in which
! I suc" a construction was ever given to such a
!j tr™-y as was done in this case by our Secretary
of State. The construction of the treaty, accord-
! mg to that officer, was, that the party whose inter-
i ests were involved should not be heard in support
of his rights, when those rights were about to he
. passed upon. When the party applied forpernns-
' siou to present hig case—not on special pleadit.gs,
but on the great principle on which it rested—a
fair investigation of the facts was refused, on the
! ground that the terms of the treaty, as concluded
. by his own Government, repudiated his privilege
I 1 defe,nse ?f hla "g^s, when those
I rights alone were the subject of contest under the
treaty. I consider the denial of the ri<rht to be
; heard as an outrage on all principles on wh.ch
justice should rest. 1
thereofmN.ES' °f Tennessee. Do I understand
the Senator to say that the agent of the claimants
TrbitraTor6? °f ^ heard before lhe
na^rin AJARD' i} SaJtbat il aPPears from the
fo the% , f case'Sat' When thf,c|aimart applied
to the Secretary of State of the United State.i f, r
d^E"°n forward a argument, it was
he WH* °"the ground Aat neither parry could
be heard under the treaty. It was declined by the
U-eaty 6 Untler his constructl°n of the
a 1?^ thu-'5that be the tme construction, it is
treaty which stands alone in the history of civ-
