414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
Mr. HOUSTON. In good/aith and good prin-
ciple, I would do no such thing. Where the
rights of an individual are concerned,! would de-
mand nothing but what was right, and I would
submit to nothing that was wrong, no matter from
what source it comes. Upon that principle, and
believing that the United States are responsible to
these individuals for having compromised their
rights without their full assent and acquiescence,
and without an opportunity to exhibit their de-
mand fairly before the umpire, I shall vote for the
bill.
Mr. CASS. I desire just to read a paragraph
from Wildman*s Institutes of International Law:
"The capture of ships within the territory of a neutral
State, or within three miles of the coast, or the capture of
chips beyond the territory by boats within the territory, is
illegal, with respect to the neutral sovereign, but not with
respect to the enemy. The privilege of territory will not of
itself inure to the protection of property ; unless the State
from which that protection is due, steps forward to assert
the right, it is not competent to the party to whom the prop-
erty belongs to avail himself of that plea."
There is a sentence which I will read. It seems
as though it were made for this very case:
** The act of sending out boats to make a capturc, is an
act directly hostile, not complete indeed, hut inchoate and
clothed wuh all the character of hostility."
The PRESIDENT. The question is on order-
ing the bill to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. STUART called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, when his name was
called, said: I should vote against the bill if I had
not paired off with the Senator from Missouri,
(Mr. Geyeh,] who would have voted for it.
Mr. BENJAMIN said, I vote "aye," for the
purpose of moving a reconsideration.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Brown, Cass,
Clayton, Cooper, Dodge ot Iowa, Douglas, Foot, Houston,
Jones of Iowa, Morion, Petiit, Reul, Rockwall, Riwk,
Seward, Thomson of New Jersey, Weller, Wells, and
Wright-22.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Braincrd, Bright, Brodhoad. But-
ler, Chase, Clay, Dawson, I3van , Feswnden, Kit/patriek,
Gillette, Hunter, l'earce, Stuart, Sumner, and Wade—17.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion by Mr. BUTLER, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it bo to
meet on Monday next.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 2G, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday wasreatl and approved.
TREATIES OF COMMERCE AND NAVIGATION.
Mr. FULLER. Before the House proceeds to
the regular order of business, i. ask permission to
report back, from the Committee on Commerce,
a joint resolution referred to it. I presume that,
when the resolution is read, no gentleman will
object to it.
Mr. LETCHER. What is to bedonewith it?
Mr. FULLER. I propose to put it upon its
passage,
Mr. LETCHER. Read it for information.
The Clerk read the joint resolution, as follows:
A Jomt Resolution authoiizmg the President to give the
requisite notice tor terminating our reciprocity treaties ot'
commerce ami navigation m certain ca&ea.
Resolved, That the President be, anil he is hereby, au-
thorized to give the requisite notice lor terminating our
reciprocity treaties of commerce and navigation m ca<,es
where the term stipulated for the continuance ot their opera-
tion lias expired, with such Powers mid States as, in his
opinion, manifest illiberahty in their commercial inter-
course with the United States.
No objection being made, the joint resolution
was received.
Mr. HAVEN. I have nothing to say in refer-
ence to the joint resolution. I understand that it
ought to pass, inasmuch as it is necessary to get
rid of some onerous impositions upon our com-
merce abroad. I rise, simply, to move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question received a second; and
the main question was ordered to be put.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time, and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
The question now being, " Shall the joint reso-
lution pass ?"
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, called for the reading
of the resolution, and it was again read.
REPORTS OF TERRITORIAL BILLS.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Monday,Tuesday, and
Wednesday next have been set apart for the con-
sideration of territorial business. I have sought
the floor this morning to ask permission of the
House to allow some reports of bills to be made,
in order that they may be referred and printed.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous pleasure
of the House to receive the reports referred to by
the gentleman from Illinois, being of a territorial
character, in order that they may be referred and
printed, with a view to their consideration during
the special order next week ?
No objection was made.
ST. CLAIR PLATS.
Mr. SAGE presented the joint resolutions of
the Legislature of New York, in relation to the
improvement of the St. Clair Plats; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and or-
dered to be printed.
BELDEN AND COMPANY.
Mr. HUNT. I desire to have a vote taken on
the matter of Belden & Co., which has been fully
discussed.
REPORTS OF TERRITORIAL BILLS AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the question on the passage of the joint resolu-
tion reported by the gentleman from Maine, and
which is immediately before the House. Unani-
mous consent has, however, been given for the
reception of reports of a territorial character.
Mr. HUNT. I thought they had been dis-
posed of.
The SPEAKER. They have not yet been
received.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, from the Committee on
Territories, reported hack a bill '• making an ap-
propriation for completing the public buildings of
Oregon Territory," which was referred to the
Committee of the W hole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr.T.also,from the same committee, reported
a joint resolution "authorizing the Legislative
Assembly of Utah to continue their session for a
term not exceeding sixty days instead of forty, as
heretofore provided;" which was read a first and
second time by its title, referred to the Committer
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. FARLEY, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill " making appropriation for improving
certain military roads in the Territory of Min-
nesota;" which was read a first and second time
by its title, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am desired by the
Committee on Territories to report a memorial
from the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
New Mexico, asking an appropriation to preserve
the archives of said Territory; and I ask, as it
refers to land rates, that the memorial be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
It was so ordered.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am desired to report
from the same committee, and to ask to have
printed, two bills appropriating money to com-
plete public buildings in the Territories of Nebraska
and Kansas.
The biils were read a first and second time by
their titles, as follows, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed:
Bill to provide for the erection of public build-
ings in the Territory of Nebraska; and a
Bill to provide for the erection of public build-
ings in the Territory of Kansas.
_ Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I ask permis-
sion to report some private bills, simply for the
purpose of reference.
The SPEAKER. The order of the House,
by unanimous consent, is to receive reports of a
territorial character only.
Mr. HUNT. I now ask the House to take a
vote on the matter of the Belden bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Louist
ana [Mr. Hunt] will allow the Chair to ascertain
whether or not there are other territorial bills to
be reported.
Mr. HUNT. Certainly, sir.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would also re-
mind the gentleman from Louisiana that the
House was in the act of voting on the passage
of the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Fuller,] from which the House
paused for a moment only to allow the introduc-
tion, by unanimous consent, of some territorial
bills; and the House.is now acting under unani-
mous consent for that purpose.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FAULKNER. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which were referred certain mat-
ters, have directed me to make the following
reports thereon, and ask that they be printed:
Report relative to an appropriation of $15,000
for the purpose of building a depository of arms
at the territorial capital of Washington Territory;
and a
Report on the memorial of John P. Butler and
other citizens of Marion county, Missouri, asking?
an appropriation to aid in the construction of cer-
tain roads in Nebraska, Washington, and Oregon
Territories.
The reports were ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, reported, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, the following bill and joint resolution;
which were respectively read a first and second
time by their titles, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed:
Bill for the relief of Frederick Griffin; and a
Joint resolution to fulfill the stipulations of the
ninth article of the treaty of 1819, between the
United States and Spain.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I am instructed by
the Committee on Foreign Affairs to report back
to this House an act to provide for the settlement
of the French spoliation claims, and I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to make such
report.
RESOLUTION TO TERMINATE TREATIES.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must with-
hold his report until the House has disposed of
the joint resolution reported by the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Fuller,] from the Committee
on Commerce. It was introduced by unanimous
consent. The question before the House is on
the passage of the resolution.
Mr. BOYCE. Is it too late now to move to
refer that resolution to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union ? It strikes me
that this is a very important matter, and ought to
be considered in that committee.
The SPEAKER. It is too late now to make ,
that motion, unless the House reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was ordered to a third
reading.
Mr. BOYCE. Then I move that the House do
reconsider that vote.
Mr. FULLER. I only wish to state to the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Boyoe] that
that resolution was referred to the Committee on
Commerce a year ago.
Mr. BOYCE. Well, explain it to us,
Mr. FULLER. The resolution which I have
introduced was prepared at the State Department,
and is reported by the Committee on Commerce,
in accordance with the views entertained by that
Department. The object of it is simply to enable
the President to give notice to the Danish Govern-
ment to terminate the existing treaty, by which
our commerce or navigation going into the Baltic
pays, at Elsinore, enormous Sound dues. I refer
the gentleman to a very extended Executive docu-
ment, sent into Congress in reply to a resolution
calling on the President for information on this
supject, and which has been printed. Under the
language of existing treaties, it is considered that
the President would not be authorized in taking
the initiative in the matter without some action on
the part of Congress authorizing him to do so. It
is for that purpose that the resolution is reported.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I hope that the
motion of my friend from South Carolina [Mr.
Boyce] will prevail, with this amendment, that he
move to refer the resolution, not to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, but to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. That com-
