416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26-
which might prevent the furtker shedding of blood.
The preliminaries here agreed upon formed the
basis of a treaty, which was afterward concluded,
by which the Indians, for a consideration, sold
their lands to the United States, excepr a small
reservation. This treaty has been faithfully ob-
served, and peaceable relations maintained be-
tween the Indians and whites. A result which,
while f am willing to give full credit to both whites
and Indians for the disposition they have shown
to observe the faith of treaties, is to be ascribed,
in a great measure, to the energy, vigilance, and
efficiency of the gallant Captain A. J. Smith, of
the United States Army, assisted by an adequate
military force and efficient agents, on whom has
devolved the duty of guarding and protecting the
settlers, and enforcing, on their part, and on the
part of the Indians, also, the observance of the
treaty Every act of mine, while in the manage-
ment of Indian affairs, ought to have satisfied every-
body that I am disposed" to treat the Indians and
all men with humanity. It is my nature to be
humane. There was something in the Indian
character which struck me as wild, romantic, arid
interesting; and, therefore, when f undertook the
management of their affairs, I felt a peculiar in-
terest in that people.
I will cite one case, though I am sorry to find
it necessary to do so. Several years before I ar-
rived in Oregon Territory, our Methodist brethren
had sent into that Territory several preachers, ay
missionaries, among whom was one Dr. Whit-
man, distinguished for his kindness and generous
feelings. Upon his arrival in that Territory he
established a mission upon the Wylatpue. He
devoted his time and attention to the improvement
of the Indians. He taught them the art of agri-
culture, and other useful arts, as far as he could.
His strongest and most ardent desire seemed to be
to improve their condition. About the time he
had made considerable progress, and had suc-
ceeded beyond his expectations, the Indians rose,
without any cnu.se, and murdered him, his wife,
and others, and took as prisoners those who were
stopping at his mission. When I left, the States
for Oregon, knowing that this massacre had taken
place, I mode up my mind to punish the guilty.
Soon after my arrival there, I notified them that
there was a caupe of difficulty between us, which
would prevent friendly relations while that cause
of difficulty continued to exist, and that was the
murder of Dr. Whitman and his family. I told
them thut the perpetrators of that massttcre must
be punished before we could have peaee; but tlrnt
I wanted to discriminate between the innocent and
the guilty—that in war we could not do that. 1
told them that they knew who the guilty parties)
were, and I demanded that they should dehvei
them up,or i .should feci it my duty to inflict punish-
ment upon the whole nation, without disi ninm.i-
tion This matter occupied my at rent ion for about
twelve months, and finally ended by the delivery
up to me of the guilty parties. When taken,
they agreed to go to Oregon City with me, with
the undeistnndirg that they should have counsel,
and a fair trial before a jury of our countrymen. .
They were willing to abide their fate. When we
arrived in Oregon City, we found the citizens
highly excited. There was no jail there, and the
Indians were placed m a small house on the Island,
near my mill office, wheie they were made com-
fortable, and carefully watched by day and night.
The good people, who had known and loved
Whitman and his wife—the parents of the chil-
dren who had been murdered m cold blood-—came
to me in crowds, saying that the Indians would
escape, and, therefore, that summary punishment
ought to he inflicted upon them. My reply was,
that F had promised the Indians, in their own 1
country, to give them a fair and impartial jury ■
trial, and that, so long us my life and strength !
lasted, my promise should be observed. But if
thejory found them guilty, I assured the people
that they should be hung. Atno time was public
opinion ever stronger against me than on that oc-
casion The Indians were tried, convicted, and
sentenced to death. They were hung, as they
deserved; and then I received justice attnehands of
my countrymen, and made peace with their nation.
I could mention many other cases; but this one, ,
I am sure, is evidence sufficient of my earnest '
desire to treat with these, and all other Indians,
m a kind, correct, and honest way. My life has •
been placed in. jeopardy for the preservation of
peace with them. But, let me say, at the same
time, that I shall never be willing to make peace
with any who massacre our people m cold biood,
until the guilty ones have been punished. And
peace will never be made, with my consent, with
the Indians who have committed the foul murder
of which I have read an account to the House,
until the murderers have been punished. In their
massacre of women and children,old and young,
we should never forgive them until they have
yielded up the criminals to justice. And 1 pro-
pose, Mr. Chairman, if this House shall not take
steps in the matter, to exile myself from my wife
and children to aid in their chastisement, I am a
man of peace; 1 love peace; but I shall never
accept it from the enemies of our people, let them
come from what quarter they may. 1 shall never
be at peace with invaders upon our soil; nor shall
I make peace with Indians who have burned my
neighbors at the stake, torturing them the while
in demoniacal glee, until justice shall be satisfied.
I will say, for the benefit of my friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Edgerton,] that the withdrawal of
troops from the Indian country will not insure
peace. On the contrary, bloodshed and wide-
spread ruin will be the consequence. The time
has arrived when our G-overnment should take
prompt and efficient measures to punish these, and
other Indians, for the horrible murders and other
cruelties perpetrated by them upon our people who
attempt to cross the plains to our Pacific posses-
sions. Their blood appeals to us for revenge;
their cries and shrieks while being roasted and tor-
tured; their bones bleaching on the wild desert;
the agonies of afflicted families and friends, all cry
aloud for satisfaction. In view of these things, as
well as the further fact, officially communicated to
the Hou.^e and the country, that the Indians aie
m hostile array against our people, determined to
cut off every party which shall attempt, to cioss
the plains the approaching spring, can it be pos-
sible that the Representatives of the people will
hesitate to act promptly in providing the necessary
troops to punish the guilty and to protect the in-
nocent? I hope not. I resorted to every possible
means to preserve friendly relations with the
Ltogue Itiver Indians, and to prevent the massacre
of our people. Hut their character, like that of
most of the warlike tribes, is full of deceit. They
feign good woids and friendly demeanor towards
those they intend to destroy. Tune and again
; have I heard them recount their adventures, as
' they lounged around their camp-fires, telling of
j their secret tricks and cunning, how they sur-
' rounded their enemies in the gloom of night, and
; murdered them while they lay asleep; and men,
J too, with whom they had smoked in peace and
! concord the evening previous. They have done
wrong, and, for their wrong doing, they ought to
be punished.
These Indians, I say, made peace with us in
1. Then I undertook, at great trouble and
expense, to return to them their women and
children who had been captured by Major Kear-
ny, who commanded the force which invaded
their country. On that occasion I was a volunteer,
and seived in the ranks. Captain Stuart was
killed in the war. Major Kearny said that he
would lake the women and children to California
with him and return them by steam to Oregon.
After journeying about one hundred miles, this
gallant officer became satisfied that his plan was
impracticable; and, partly at my own expense, I
took these women and children back to their own
people. I watched over them, fed them, and pre-
vented any infringement upon their rights. On
their return peace was made—a peace which lasted
until 1833, when they again got it into their heads
to murder white people." They never give warning
of their fell intentions. Jumping into the unsus-
pecting and unprotected settlements, they mur-
dered and burnt all they could lay their hands upon.
Mr. EDCtEUTOjSL Let me ask the gentleman
from Oregon what is the character of Joel Palmer,
the superintendent of Indian affairs in Oregon ?
Mr. LANE. He is an honest, sensible, and
good man; and the people of Oregon area law-
abiding, honest, and gallant people.
Mr. EDG-ERTON. I propose, with the con-
sent of the gentleman and the House, to read
what Mr. Palmer says in his last official report to
the Commissioner of Indisn Affairs, in regard to
Indian murders and depredations.
[Cries of " Read!"]
Mr. EDCERTON. He writes as follows;
£*F;oni !!)•• frequent recurrence of -.tnnlar atro< ;ues
a^unst fud'ans. m southern and southwestern
t.ie clinic-ion is forced upon me, that a prem^ditPied «i d
combiner] < .To. t, on the part of leckh-b? and evil di-p^^u
whites rooming through ihut cmimiy, ha- h-en, and ton
Unues to he made, to plunge the Goveimm-nt into nuother
Indian war, and carry oui their favorite s-elienivJ of annihi-
lating these [iichans.
'•Thvi&e miscreants. rrj*ardles«s of age or sex, as-'ul and
slyutlucr ihese pooi, weak, and deion-eltiss li d-an* *""!i
impuMty. a< th"re are no mean-! ni the hand- of ihe .*u cu?
to prevent the-se outrages, or bring the perpettators to jus-
tice.
'• There are many well-disposed persons  n that district
who.ve sense ot justice aud humanity revolt4? at such mhu
man scenes; but, through tear, or some otner cau^e.ihey
are silent. It is presumed that many unite and t:.ke part
m ifiese deed^ of horror a> means of ^elf-preset vunoti. tueir
teais henifr wrought upon by reeklebs and lawless m
lest liie appearance, ot oppoMtion to then euudm ■ jm.Ik
subject them to a doom tumlar to that which he..-sU iho
Indian."
This gentleman frequently, in his reports, al-
ludes to massacres, on the part of the wh.'es,
which would justify retaliation on the part of the
Indians.
Mr. LANE. Mr. Palmer is a good man. In
the extract which thegentleman has read, he refers
to the Indians who live west of the Cascade mount-
ains, and for the purchase of whose land I inquired
of the chairman of Ways and Means, wheihei an
appropriation had been made to satisfy them
The Indians who massacred Ward's party hvs
four hundred miles to the east; and I am of the
opinion that Mr. Palmer has not seen them since
he passed through their country on his way to
Oregon. He, I know, would be as ready as any
other man, to turn out and inflict suitable punish-
ment upon these Indians for that dreadful mas-
sacre. These are the facts. Let them go before
the country; that is all I ask.
Mr. Speaker, the history of Indian wars is well
understood by the members of this House. The -
sufferings of the people from these causes, in the
early history of our country, must be familiar to
all. Every attempt at peace failed, until Wayne,
by Ins great victory in 1795, in the Maumee towns,
taught them the power of our arms, and the ad-
vantages of peace. The lessons then taught them
they did not soon forget. Jackson, at a later pe-
riod, in 1813, after much severe fighting, inflicted
upon the Indians of the Southwest, at the great
battle of the Horseshoe, a punishment deserved,
but severe, which kept all the tribes of that i egion
at peace from that time to the present. Indeed, the
result of his gallant achievements in Indian war-
fare, has been to secure not only peace and quiet,
but the removal of many tribes to a beautiful coun-
try west of the Mississippi, where they are now
undergoing the process of civilization, and rapidly
rising in the scale of moral elevation.
The warlike tribes hanging on our emigrant
: routes must not be permitted to murder our peo-
| pie with impunity. Humanity itself demands
j that this thing should be stopped. No philan-
: thropist, no man, however mild his temper, or
| kind his disposition may be, can object to the in-
■ fltction of punishment, when that alone will save
j the effusion of blood, and prevent the innocent
| from suffering. These Indians must be taught a
j lesson similar to those above referred to. They
J must be made to feel our power, and to know that
| they cannot murder our people with impunity.
| 1 hen, and not till then, can we have peace with
: them—lasting peace The sooner, then, we ac-
complish this the better.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, allow rne to
say, that I have seldom had occasion to complain
of unfairness on the part of editors and publishers,
i My experience convinces me that the great body
; of newspaper editors and publishers are highly
honorable men—men of education and talents—
[ who seek to do right, by fair and honorable
| means, but few among them ever seeking to in-
I jure otners without cause. Believing this, I leave
i .e m/serable criticism that induced these remarks,
' with its contemptible author, to the scorn of all
! just men, without further remark.
r . * a.m very much obliged to the House for their
I kind indulgence in allowing me to make thic per-
sonal explanation.
B ELD EN AND COMPANY.
HUNT. The honorable gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Edgerton] has been kind enough to
say that he would withdraw the mo;ion
into a Committee of the Whole House, The um
