THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 27, 1855.
New Series....No. 27.
for the relief of Belden & Co. is, therefore, reg-
ularly before the House, and I call for a vote
upon it.
Mr. EDGERTON. I will say to the House
thatthis is objection day, and that there are several
cases upon the Private Calendar in committee
which have not been passed upon; but if the gen-
tleman from Louisiana can get a vote upon the
bill for the relief of Belden & Co., I would like to
have it taken; and I therefore withdraw my
motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from Louisiana, and to the gentleman
from Ohio, that there is pending a motion tu go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, which will take precedence of the bill
for the relief of Belden & Co.
Several Members. Withdraw the motion.
The SPEAKER. Will gentlemen allow the
Chair to state the business before the House ? The
Chair was proceeding to say, that it' the House-
should vote down the motion togointoaCommiuee
of the Whole House, and to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, there is
still another motion, made by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. IIaven,] to lay the motion to
reconsider the vote by which a joint resolution
was this morning passed upon the table. When
this motion is disposed of, the bill to which the
gentleman from .Louisiana has referred will come
up regularly in order. j
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Edgf.rton| having indicated las
willingness to withdraw his motion to go into a
Committee of the Whole House, if the House j,
will come to a vote upon this Belden c&se, 1 am li
Willing to withdraw my motion to go into the Com- j!
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union for
that purpose. I withdraw my motion; and, as 1 j;
am entitled to the floor upon the bill for the relief i!
Of Belden& Co., I demand the previous question. I
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already staled |
that the motion made by the gentleman ftora New j
York, [Mr. Haven,J to lay tlie mutiun to reenn- j
skier the vote by which the joint resolution in j!
reference to terminating certain treaty stipulation.', !
Was passed upon the table, must first be put j1
The question was taken; and themotion torecon- ! ',
Elder laid upon the table. j
The SPEAKER. The bill for the relief of ;
Belden & Co. is now before the House. ]'
Mr. McMULLlN. What has become of the
motion to go into a Committee of the Whole
House?
The SPEAKER. It was withdrawn.
Mr. McMULLlN. 1 renew the motion,
Mr. HUNT: I hope the gentleman will not
insist upon his motion.
Mr. McWOLLIN. I have repeatedly yielded,
as have other members upon this iloor, to the
gentleman from Louisiana, as a matter of courtesy,
to enable him to get his bills before the House,
out of the regular order of business, and I decline
to yield now, to pass this bill, or any other bill.
Mr. HUNT. [ think 1 am entitled to say a
word in reply. This is not my bill. A similar
bill has passed the Senate; and, as to this partic-
ular bill, it was reported by the Committee oil
Foreign Affairs. I have looked into this matter,
because I felt an interest in it, and because I had
been requested to do so. If the gentleman de-
clines to withdraw his motion to go into Com-
mittee of the,Whole House, I hope the House
will vote it down.
Mr. SOLLERS. Upon that motion I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kt.itt and
Wheeler were appointed.
The question wiis taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes thirty-seven—a further count not being
demanded.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question sgain recurs
upon the pqesage of the bill for the relief of Sam-
uel A. Belden & Co.
Mr. EDGERTON. I demand the previous
question. -
27
The previous question was seconded, find the
main question ordered to be now put.
The question now being, first, upon committing
the bill to a Committee of the Whole House,
Mr. CAMPBELL demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Keitt and Letcher
appointed.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays.
Several Members. Withdraw it; we will vote
it down.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well, I will withdraw
it for the present.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understand the eill for
the yeaR and nays haa been withdrawn, to be
renewed if the House votes down the motion to
commit. I phall vote in the negative, hut I want
the House to determine the matter definitely. 1
renew the call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. From public con-
siderations I move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We are acting
under the previous question.
The SPEAK Ell. The motion U not in order,
for the reason that the main question has been
ordered to be put.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas b7, iinya 97; as fol-
lows:
YFAH—Mtvr^. .iainc^ t\ Allen, Wj1!h Allen, David J.
V,MWy, Hat 1c- thiir, H.tny, Hfnton, lioock, Boyc*, llridjje*,
Billow, ('ii-kic, t'hutmu, ChriMn.in, (.'ofih, Colquitt,
Ctanjo, Cuiih, Daw ><m, Morton, LHwmi, r.iutfi-h, Fulli-r,
(irtotlo, Hamilton, Sampson \y, Harris Wih-y 1' l!.tiii«,
H.MMincks. Hft'ii, IJibhanL lliih ci, Houston,
{riger^dl, Johnson, Daniel T. -if no--, («rome W. .!.
Clancy .lone*, Roland .loni-ij, Kuhvrll, luUrrdi^, Kurt//,
Lamb, f,am\ u Ikt, I,f wi*, Lilly. Lmd-iey, Lyon, Mar •
donald, McM uilui, McUttO'ii, Smith Miller, Mill son, Mor-
rison, lYlimay, Ntohol*, I'u-k, Pi-fkham, Bwhup Perkins,
Pluljis, Powell, Ilovvv, Iliitlm, Ru^stMl, tfrwawl, Shower,
^na'lotou. SKclton, Sa.itn< 1 Smith, IVilham R. Smith,
Cie. ru'o W. SniMti, David Stn at, lolin .1, T.wlor, Trout,
Yatf-mit, Wahh, Vi'iierlcr, Witr<\ Darnel B. Wright, llewd-
uek H. Wii^ht. and /.oilicolirr -*-7.
NAYS -1\1 «';>->! Aiken, Appli'ton, Thounw fl. Pa\Iy,
l.all, Hi-U-Ih r, liril, lleuiiett, I>rm.<n, lhu% Camp
("nijientdr. Cntuiii.'t--, Chaudler, CImm-, OntfjUMn,
Couk, C<w win, Cinekei, CnJlmn,Thomah Davu;, De Wtu,
Dick, Dtekmwon, Dunli.ir, KdiiMfuK, EdmuwiMui,Thomas
I>. Kln<{, Kiht'iidgt', Mvcriiurt, Kaitt-y, Fuulkiici, Kenttm,
Plon-ncc, franklin, C.\iu!>U\ Coudm'h, C.imlwm, Ci<-<>n
wood, (rrey, Aaron Uniian, Haven, Hill, Ilowt'. flnehey,
ilnnt, Kfiit, Ken, Knox. Lai ham, McCulloch, McDou nail,
Main-yon. Maune!'. .Meaoliatn, Middl" ^%v.trtli,
gan, Niouon, Mnidwu (Hivm, j'aikcr, lVrnmi<>ton, John
P« rkiiH, Phillip-, Pratt, l'i f^tun, Pi in«K\ Vui \ * .*r, Ready,
JN'oe, Thomas Rileiiey, Ko^ery, Sahiu, *'>'41-, Sap)!, Shan-
non, Simmons, William Smith, riollorn, Fivderick P Scm-
ton, lliehard U. Stanton, ile toi I<. Slovene, Suaub, An-
drew Smart, John L. Tavl"r, Teller, Thurston, Tweed,
Dptmin, \V;uh:,\Vatker, Walley, nilihu D. Washhuriv,
Israel Washburn, WolU, John W«M\tworth, and Yhius--97.
So the f touse refused to commit the bill.
The bili was then ordered fo bo enj^roaeed and
read a third tim?; and being engrossed, it way
ac^ordmj^lv read the third tinie.
Mr. WASHRORN", of-Maine. I demand the
previous question on the pnsaa^e of the bill.
The previous question received a second; and
the mam question was ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HILLYER. I aak for the reading of the
bill in full.
The Clerk read the bill in extenso.
Mr. LETCHER. ( did not hear the reading
very distinctly. Does it provide redress for ille-
gal seizure, or for any sort of seizure?
The Clerk a^ain read that portion of the bill
which ia as follows: by " seizure, confiscation,
sequestration," &r„
Mr. HUNT. Seizure by the Mexican author-
ities—illegal seizure, of course.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Has the previous
question bf en cal'ed?
The SPEAKER. It has; and the main ques-
tion has bean ordered to be now put.
Mr. SMITH. I should like very much to say
a few words about this bilh
Mr. KERR. I suppose that the House will,
by unammojs consent, allow that verbal amend-
ment to be made.
Mr. HUNT. I hop© it will. The question of
the gentleman from Virginia was an argument-
ative question, intended to injure the bill.
Mr. WALSH. What is the amendment?
Mr. KERR. To insert the word •' illegal"
before 44 seizure."
Mr. WALSH, t have no objection to its being
inserted before and after. [A laugh.]
There being no objection, the amendment indi-
cated by Mr. Kerr was made to the bill.
The question was then taken, " Shall the bill
piss?" And it was decided in the negative—yeas
85, nays 88; as followa:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Appleton, Thomas H.
Bayly, Ball. Belcher, Hell, Bennett, Benson/Benton, Bugg,
Gampboll, Oaipenter, Uarutbers, Chandler, Chase, Ooofc,
Coiwm, Qrncker, Cnllom, Thomas Davis, De Witt, Dick,
DieknisiH), Dunbar, Edmands, Edmandson, Thomas D.
Eliot, miierutee, liveihart, Farley, Fenion. Goodrich,
Goodwin, Aorou Uailan, Hill, Howe, Hunt, Kerr, Knox,
LniUum, Lyon, MeDougati, Macy, M<itteson, Maurice,
Maxw >}!, Mca'-ham, MuWU>\varth, Moigan, IVorion, Peck-
ham, Pt'nmiigiun, John Perkins, Phillips, Pratt, Pringie,
Pun ear, H<:Oi.e, Davui RUchiP, Thomas Rogers,
Ru\v<*, S:ilnn, Snj p, Shannon, Simmons, William Smith,
Wiiliciui II tfmilh, Frederick P. Stunion, lliehard H. Stan-
ton. Jcilin Ij. Taylor, Teller, Tliurston, TTpham, Walker,
Wn'fev. E/hlw If. Wa-<hhurne, Israel Washburn, Wt lis,
John Weiuvvorth, Tappuxi VVeniworth, Wci-tbrook, and
NAYrf-Aiken, Jatnes C A)h n, Willis Allen,
Davul J. Bailey, £;irk*du!e, Oariy, Boeoelc, Boyce, Bridges,
Chattmn, t'lineman, Coiib, Colquitt, Craige, Curna,
John (1. Duvu-, Dawson, Disney, Drum, Dunham, Edj er-
ton, John M. Kliiott, Elision, Eugh«-h, Florence, Fuller,
O.intbhi, (Joodc, Hamilton, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P.
Ifania, Hasting-, Haven, Hendiick?, Uibbaid, liillyer,
ln<> rsnll, JolnHon, Danifl T. Jojjps. Geun; o W.
Jones-, J. Ghtuey Jones, Uolatul Jones, Kid welt, lCittredge,
Kurtz, Lamb, Lane. Letcher, Lewis, Lilly, Lmdsley,
Macdonald, MeMuUin, McCiucrn, Smiih Miller, Millpon,
Moritson, Murray, Nichols, Orr, Parker, Peck, Bishop
Perkms, PliHp-^, Ready, Kufmi, Russell, Seward, Shaw,
SinjrlexoH,s«keHoii, S.muu:! Smith, Oforee W. Smvih,
Strauh. David rttuart, John J. Taylor, Tiout,Tweed. Van-
saut, Walsh, Wairen, Wheeler, Witte, Daniel B. Wright
Hendnck B. Wright, and ZolUcoU'er—by.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. EDGERTON". I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. { move to reconsider the vote just taken,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. KAYLY  S hope not just now,
Mr. JONLS, ofTenneesee. The motion of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] cannot
take precedence of the motion of his colleague to
reconsider and lay on the table,
j Mr. CAMPBELL. I presume i£ does to-day.
I Mr. JONES. They are both privileged mo*
i tions. *
i Mr. CAMPBELL. But this is private bill
I day.
The SPEAKER, The motion to lay the mo-
tion to leconr.'der on the table is also a privileged
one, and, in the opinion of the Chair, takes pre-
cedence.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was decid-
ed in the negative—yeas 88, nays 93; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
David J. Ihuley, harlisiale, Barry, Bococlc, Boy<-e,
Jlmtecs, CwiDw, Caskio, Chasrain, Chri^mao, Cobb,
Colquitt, Cnngi*, John G. Davis, Dawson, Drum, Dunham,
Kaetiuan, Edgerton, John M. Blhott, Ellison, English,
Florfncc, Fuller, Gunhle, Goode, flamilton, Sampson W,
Ilarriv, Wii.y P. Harris, Hasting!?, ifaven, Hcndrfeks,
Hean, Hibbard, liillyer, Houston, In^rsoH, Johnson,
Daniel T. Jone^, George W. Jones, J. Gianey Jones,
Ki'lwftll. Kiuredtfe, Kurtz, Lamb. Jjane, Letcher, Levels,
Tiilly, Lti'.dsloy, Macdonald, McMulhn, McQueen, Smith
Miller, M'lison, Monisoo, Murray, Nichols, Mordecai
Oliver,Orr, Pt-ck, Bibhup Perkins, I'lnjlps,Powell, Ready,
RufBu, Ilu-'fcll, Seward, Shaw, Singlt-tno, Skelton,George
W. fc>myjh, Of^tor L. Sevens, Btrnub, Andrew Stuart,
John J. Taylor, Trour, Tweed, Vansaut, Virarsh, Warren,
IVliceler, Witie, Daiu"l B. Wncht, and Zollicoitcr—88.
NWS—JfesFr.s. Abercrombie, 'Appleton, Thomas H.
Bayly, Bail. Banks, I o51, 8emi«-ti,-Benson, Benton, Hngg,
Uainpbell. Carpenter, Chandler, Oha^e, Chnginan, Cook,
Oorwin, Crocker, CuHom, Thomas Davis, De Witt, Dick,
Dickinsou, Dunbar, Edaiauds, Edmundson, Thomas D,
