4%2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
* January 26,
amount of the claims, for a pro rata distribution of
the fund, and nobody can get more than their
"share of the fund.
Wow, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Parker]
says, that we ought to provide for a full discharge.
It is impossible that a bill could be more explicit
than, the bill as it is.
* Mr. PARKER. The gentleman misappre-
hends me.
Mr. BAYLY. It says that this is to be in full
discharge.
Mr. PARKER. I admit that; but that is not
my. argument, nor my amendment. I admit that
it appears, by the eleventh section, to be in full dis-
charge. 1 want to destroy the idea "that we are
paying less than what is due. I know by the pro-
visions of the bill that these claimants are pre-
cluded from setting up any further claim.
Mr. BAYLY. A large degree of the uncer-
tainty in the legislation of Congress grows out of
this abundant caution. A large degree of the
errors in decisions grows out of making amend-
ments to prevent error. You amend and amend
until the amendments themselves become the chief
source of difficulty.
I wish, Mr. Chairman, I could have been
afforded .an opportunity to reply to my colleague
[Mr. Letcher] directly. He said a great deal
about speculators. The gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Benton,] the other day, said a great deal
about claim agents. He said that he never allowed
them to approach him. I do. 1 am not afraid
to t.alk to intelligent men, who are in charge of
business Wore Congress. Some of the highest
intellects in England devote their lives to appear-
ing before the committees of the Houses of Parlia-
ment. And l am rrot afraid to talk to such men.
On the contrary, I feel relief, very often, when I
have a case in hand, to have gentlemen—informed
claim agents—call on me. I am not afraid of their
corruption; nor that they will delude my intellect.
I am willing to listen to their arguments, just as
when I was upon the bench I was willing to listen
to counsel. I do not dodge them. I do not make
it impossible for them to approach me, because I
feel nothing that makes me suspect unworthy
influence will be .exerted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Parker's
amendment; and it was rejected; there being, on a
division, only fifty-three votes in the affirmative.
Mr. BAR11Y. I move to strike out the first
section; and I do so for the purpose of stating, very
briefly, my objections to the bill, because that
section goes to the whole of the case.
Mr.SEWARD. 1 hope thegentleman will first
let me submit an amendment to the section before
he moves to strike it out.
Mr, BARRY. 1 yield to the gentleman for that
purpose.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to add to the first
section the following proviso:
Provided, That in the division, after the award of the
commissioners as to the amount of each claim, respectively,
if the five millions hereby appropriated is insufficient
to pay the aggregate amount of claims, then the original
claimant.*, or their Icjral representatives, shall receive the
principal amount of their claims, and the balance applied
to the payment of the assignees pro rata. But if the five
millions should exceed the amount of the aggregate of
claims, then the original claimants, and the assignees upon
the tyjiounts they respectively paid, shall receive interest
on their elaima: Provided, That the interest shall not. With
the principal, exceed the five millions of dollars.
Mr. Chairman, the object I have in offering that
amendment is this: I desire to secure to the ori-
ginal claimants the full amount of their claims,
provided the $5,000,000 is insufficient to pay the
entire amount claimed; and then to the assignees,
who have purchased original claims at less than
their full value, the balance. In the event of *he
$5,000,000 exceeding the amount of .the entire
claim, I propose that the original claimants shall,
receive dollar for dollar of theirclaims, with inter- j
est, and the assignees interest on the amount
.which they advanced upon these claims, running
the interest account up to $5,000,000, and not
letting it exceed that sum.
I think that is a fair proposition—one that,
without doing injustice to any party, meets with
the views of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. j
Letcher.] Nobody is injured; the original claim-
ants get their pay; the assignees get their pay to
the amount of moneys advanced. Then, when you
com® to make up the interest account, they get
interest on the original amount advanced by them,
and the original claimants get interest on their
amount, until it runs up to the balance of the
$5,000,000. This is an equitable distribution. It
gives justice to all parties, if there is any justice in
the bill.
Mr. BAYLY. It seems to be the idea of some
gentlemen, that what of the $5,000,000 exceeds
the award is to be added to the award. We have
a public law on that subject. If the $5,000,000
exceeds the awards made by the board of commis-
sioners, the excess goes back into the Treasury.
There are many cases in point.
Mr. SEWARD. I understand the gentleman's
position. It is correct in principle. I admit that
corporations ought to receive interest as well as
private individuals. If the money is due the
assignees, according to the gentleman's position,
then it must be due to the original claimants. My
amendment provides for the payment of interest
when the claims are all paid.
Mr. BAYLY. I have only five minutes to reply
to the gentleman's amendment, and he must excuse
me for interrupting him.
Mr. Chairman, in respect to this matter of
assignee, I undertake to say here—and I do not
believe that the lawyers of this House will differ
from me—that the whole effect of this bill, to use a
legal expression, is to substitute the assignee for
the original claimant. He stands upon no better
footing. It is only a case of substitution; and I
wish to know on what principle of justice the
assignee has not the right to be substituted for the
assignor? I should like to hear some lawyer give
me the reason why, in a case of this sort, there is
no right of substitution ?
Mr. SEWARD. 1 hope thegentleman will not
misunderstand me. I do not want to create a dis-
tinction between these classes of creditors. I did
not do it. The gentleman did it himself in fram-
ing the bill. My own opinion is, that these per-
sons are just as much entitled to receive dollar for
dollar as the original claimants themselves. I do
not care whether they paid fifty cents on the dollar,
or two cents on the dollar. That is a matter with
which the Government has nothing to do. If I
go into the market and purchase Government
securities at half their value, that is a matter with
which the Government has nothing to do. They
must pay dollar for dollar, and so it should be m
this case.
The question was then taken on Mr. Seward's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Mississippi. I move to
amend the first section by striking out the follow-
ing words:
" Jlnd provided, at so, That in all eases of transfer or
assignment, except girts or donations, no assignee shull be
entitled to receive an amount beyond the consideration
paid, and interest thereon"—
and inserting:
Provided, also, That if the amount of said claims exceed
ilie sum of $■>,QUO,000, the rule of distribution shall be as
lollows, to wit: Interest shall be computed on all claims
where there has been no assignment, buun cases of assign-
ment interest shall only he computed on the consideration
paid by the holders, and a pro rata distribution be made
among all said claimants according to the above rule.
Mr. Chairman, the object of that amendment is
to determine the priority of distribution, in the
event that the amount of claims, with interest,
exceeds the sum of #5,000,000, which, I believe,
both the friends and the opponents of the bill have,
in the course of the running discussion upon the
subject, admitted that it would—indeed, almost
all of them have said that the whole amount, with
interest, would reach thirty or forty millions; and
hence the necessity of determining the priority of
distribution.
I have understood the object of the friends of
the btll is to make a clear, clean sweep of the entire
claim, by the passage of this measure. If that be
the fact, we ought to be just to all parties inter-
ested m these claims. Well, sir, to accomplish
that object, you must allow the assignees of claims
as they have paid in consideration
of their claims. You must, then, compute inter-
est upon the claims of the original holders; 'and
you must compute it upon the amount actually
paid by the assignees; then make a pro rata distri-
bution of the |5,000,000 among them, and you will
do ecjual justice to all parties. I have nothing to
say in reference to these sharpers—these Shylocks
—who crowd these Halls, elbowing members of
Congress daily, inviting them to hot suppers
and warm dinners; treating thert to champagne,
[laughter;] I say I have nothing to say in refer-
ence to this class of persons. I hope some gentle-
man will introduce some provision which will
prevent the claim agents from receiving one dime
in this case. I think it would be good policy for
the Government to take some measures by which
claim agents should not be encouraged to hunt up
old claims which have been permitted to slumber
in the tomb of the Capulets for fifty years, and
press them upon Congress. But I desire to pro-
tect the original claimants as far as I can, at least
in this case. I have, therefore, moved an amend-
ment which will do equal justice to all parties, and
I hope the committee will adopt it.
Mr. McMULLIN. It is not my purpose to
reply, in the five minutes to which I am entitled,
to the remarks of thegentleman from Mississippi,
who has just taken his seat. I am opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from -Mississippi,
and opposed to the whole bill; bui since we have
had so many attacks within the last few days
from various quarters upon the class of gentlemen
called claim agents, I think that one word, at least,
should be said in their behalf.
Sir, there may be, and there doubtless are, men
around this Capitol, acting as claim agents, who
are unworthy men. But it is also true, that there
are others who are worthy men. I happen to
know some gentlemen who are here acting as
claim agents who are as honorable men as there
are about this House; yes, sir,, as honorable men
as there are upon the floors of Congress.
I am opposed to this bill for various reasons;
but I do not intend to urge my objections- to it
upon this occasion. My purpose in rising was to
move that the committee rise, and, with a view of
giving gentlemen an opportunity to investigate
this subject more fully, I now make that motion.
Mr. LYON. I demand tellers.
- Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Washburn,
of Maine, and Kurtz were appointed.
The question-was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 78, noes 74.
So the motion was agreed to. -
The committee accordingly rose;and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Seymour reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had the state of the Union gener-
ally under consideration, and particularly House
bill No. 117, commonly known as the French
spoliation bill, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move that the
House again resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, so that we
may finish the bill to-day.
[Loud cries of "No!" "No!" and "Ad-
journ
Mr. BAYLY. Very well; then I shall move
to strike out theenactingclauseof the bill thenext "
time we go into committee.
I Mr. ORR. I am going to submit a motion to
adjourn; but before doing so, I desiVe to ask the
unanimous consent of the House that the substi-
tute for the bill which we are considering in com-
mittee may be ordered to be printed. 11 can be
printed by to-morrow morning; and as it has never
yet been printed, and members have no way of
seeing it, I hope there will be no objection to the
order being made.
_ I^r* BAYLY. It has been printed in the Daily
Globe. It was printed there several days since,
in order that members might have an opportunity
of examining it.
• Maine. Itwill befound
in the Globe of day before yesterday.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. But membershave
not all got the Globe which contains it.
Mr. ORR. I have sent for a copy of the sub-
stitute, and have been unable to procure one It
?„nev™ been Printe(i by order of the House.
It is very difficult to get a
copy of the bill, and surely no one can object to
the printing of it. J
About a dozen members here rose, and simulta-
neously addressed the Chair, and great confusion
ensued, several members remaining on their feet
an«i,sPe n£ at same time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot well un-
derstand more than five members at a time. When
that number is multiplied, confusion is apt to
ensue, [Laughter,] Gentlemen must resume their
seats. Is there any objection to the motion to
