424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
The House accordingly resolved itself into the |
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union , 1
• (Mr. Seymour in the chair.) j
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee rose,
it had under consideration House bill No. 117,
being " a bill to provide for the ascertainment and
satisfaction of claims of American citizens, for
spoliations committed by the French prior to the
31st day of July, 1801." The pending question
is on the motion of the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Wright] to strike out and insert, as follows.
Strike out the following words:
provided, also, Ttiat in all cases of transfer or
assignment, except gifts or donations, no assignee t-hal! he
entitled to receive an amount btyouU the consideration
paid, and interest thereon."
And insert in lieu thereof, the following:
Provided also, That if the amount of saiil claims exceed
the sum of $5,000,000, the rule of distribution shall be as
follows, to win interest shall be computed on all claims
where there lias been no assignment; but, m cases of assign-
ment,interest shall only be computed on the consideration
paid by the holders, and a pro rata distribution be made
among all said claimants, according to the above rule.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I wish to offer an
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment in not in
order at this time, as an amendment is already
pending.
The question was then taken on Mr. Weight's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY. X move to strike out the enacting
clause of the bill; and in doing so, I am free to say
that I wish to bring the House to a vote—a fair
and considerate vote, to be given after discussion
and debate, atld not upon a snap judgment—for
every man in this House is as well acquainted
with the merits of the bill as he ever will be. I
move, then, to strike out the enacting clause.
Mr. ORU. I confess I am somewhat surprised
at the motion which has been made by the hon-
orable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.]
1 had supposed that he would have allowed those
who desire to perfect this bill the opportunity of
spending a few brief hours—at least until three
o'clock—before he made a motion of this kind.
1 have an amendment which 1 desire to offer, to
the original bill, in order to perfect it. It is an
amendment which ought to be adopted, and I
have no doubt there are other amendments that
ought to be adopted. It would seem that the
gentleman from Virginia understands the strength
of his forces, and that he is determined that the
details of this bill shall not be examined into; that
they shall notbe picked to pieces—as they may be
picked to pieces during the course of the next
three hours—and that the committee shall adopt a
policy which is intended to be 
Mr. BAYLY, (interrupting ) Will the gentle-
man allow me to interrupt him at tins point > 1
will not press the motion 1 made, at this tune, be-
cause I wish to give gentlemen time to perfect the
bill; but I give notice—with so much business
before us and so little time in which to dispose of
it—that I shall press it in the course of this day.
Mr. PECKOAM. I would ask the gentleman
from South Carolina of what possible use is Ins
proposed amendment?—because the motion of the
gentleman from Virginia, to strike oist the enact-
ing clause of the bill, necessarily precludes all
amendments afterwards.
Mr. OKU. I will say, in reply to the gentle-
man from New York, that, so far as I know, there
is no gentleman of the opposition here who is dis-
posed uselessly to consume the time of the House.
Those who are opposed to the bill, especially
those gentlemen who have been heard upon the
subject, ought, at least, to be allowed to indicate
their objections to the bill and its principal fea-
tures.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] has
withdrawn his motion.
Mr. ORR. I propose to add, at the end of the
first section, the following proviso:
And provided furthrr, That no transfer, or as?ignm<;nt,
made alter the 27i!i day of January, 1855, shall be recog-
nized by the said board.
I was inclined—and I invite the attention of the
friends of the bill to the amendment—to fix the
period at which assignments should not be recog-
nized antecedent to the time named in the amend-
ment; and that there might be no ground for ob-
jection whatever, I have made the time the 27th of
January. If gentlemen will examine the last pro-
viso, they will discover that it provides that no
claimant shall be entitled to receive an amount
beyond the consideration paid, and interest there-
on, except gifts and donations. That class of
assignments, gifts, and donations, is not embraced
here. Look at the operation of tins thing. Sup-
pose a person, five years ago, purchased scrip at
three cents on the dollar. Seeing that the bill is
likely to pass, or that it has passed, he puts it into
the hands of a friend", although no papers have
passed between them. That friend comes in and
claims a pro rata distribution of the $5,000,000. If
the person who, five years ago, purchased a claim
at three cents on the dollar, and if he is entitled to
interest upon the three per cent, from the period
of the purchase down to'the present time, what
will prevent the claimant from going to his neigh-
bor, when he sees that the bill has passed, and
turning his claim over to him for ninety-nine cents
on the dollar ? Unless the amendment I have pro-
posed be adopted., the proviso will prove a perfect
nullity.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I do not think that
thegentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Our] has
exhibited his usual sagacity upon this occasion.
Does anybody believe that the provisions of this
bill are to bo construed after its enactment and not
before? If it passes, and receives the signature
of the President, when does it legally take effect ?
Doesit nottakeeffect at the time itis passed? But i
the gentleman says that frauds may be practiced, I
by assignments being made after the passage of ;
the bill. Why, will not the commissioners have j
to look into that matter, and will it not be a part |
of their duty ? How, oil the face of the earth, is I
it possible an inquisition, in that respect, can be j
made except in the case of frauds-—- j
Mr. ORR. Suppose the bill passes here to-day. j
It has to be sent to the Senate for the action of i
that body, and it may not be taken up and acted
upon by them fur two or three weeks. Persons
holding claims of this description, finding that the
bill has passed the House, make a transfer of
them before the bill passes the Senate.
Mr. BAYLY. The answer I make to thegen-
tleman is the simplest in the world. In the first
place, I do not believe that there have been any
transfers of these claims to any considerable ex-
tent.
Mr. PECKHAM. Insurance companies are
assignees. |
Mr. BAYLY. I do not believe that. _ I
In the next place, the other point which the
gentleman from South Carolina makes, is one in :
1 relation to fraud, which the commissioners, of;
1 course, if the testimony establishes it, would set i
! aside. |
Mr IIENN. I wish to ask the gentleman from j
Virginia a question. I wish to ask whether this i
; bill, as printed and laid upon our tables this morn- I
in , is like the substitute which the gentleman '
and his friends propose to carry > .
Mr. BAYLY. JNo; not precisely. There are !
some words left out.
| Mr. I115NN. Do not the words left out relate '
to gifts and donations?
| Mr. BAYLY. There is an error in that re-
, sport; I do not know how irhappened. The bill:
i which I propose to have passed has the words j
j in it. ;
The CHAIRMAiV. Before we proceed further, |
it is proper, perhaps, that the Chair should say i
to the committee that there is an error in the j
i printed bill as laid upon the tables of members this !
morning. In the twenty-sixth line of the first j
' section, after the word " assignment," the words ;
"except gifts or donations," should be inserted, j
i and in place of the word " claimant," the word !
I "assignee " should be inserted, so as to make it j
, conform to the bill proposed by the gentleman '
! from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] as a substitute. The i
i proviso will then read, " that in all cases of trans- i
I fer or assignment, except gifts and donations, no [
assignee shall be entitled to receive an amount be- ;
i yonii the consideration paid, and interest thereon," j
&C. j
j The question was then taken on Mr. Orr's i
J amendment; and it was not agreed to. !
Mr. BARRY. I propose to amend by striking I
I out the words " five millions of dollars." i
i I propose to strike out the sum named in the |
I bill for this reason: those who have advocated !
this bill here, have done so on the ground that
there was a legal and moral obligation upon the
Government to pay these claims. It is admitted, .
on all hands, that they exceed the amount named
in the bill very largely, and why is no provision
made at once for paying the'whole?
Is it not a humiliating position for this Govern-
ment to occupy, to acknowledge the existence ox
a just debt, and yet to scale it down arbitrarily?
There may be occasions that justify such a
course on the part of Governments; Texas may
have been excused by her necessities for scaling
the debts contracted in establishing her independ-
ence; these United States might have been excused
if, after the Revolution, when the Treasury was
bankrupt, and the nation exhausted by war,
they had scaled their debts. An individual is
excusable if he compounds with his creditors
when wholly unable to discharge all his debts;
but for this Government, with a Treasury abund-
ant to repletion, afteracknowledging a debt as legal,
to propose to pay it at less than the amount con-
fessed to be due, is, and, I hope, wilt continue to
be,-an anomaly in our history.
What a contradiction'does this Government
present, when, on tire same day, we are buying up
our stock at twenty percent, premium, and cutting
down, by an arbitrary act of its own, a debt of
its voluntary acknowledgment, to thirty, fifty, or
seventy cents in the dollar. It ia a novelty in
political economy, and in political morals, to pay
a premium on our debt, and to secure yourself
against the consequences of your generosity by
robbing some other creditor of an equal or larger
amount. The bill provides that, after the claims
for indemnity are examined, if they exceed
§5,000,000, there is to be a ratable deduction
■upon all that are allowed, so that the aggregate
shall not exceed that sum, and that the sum thus
received shall be taken in full discharge of the
entire claim, interest and principal. What excuse
can we give for such a course?—not poverty, for
our Treasury bursts with its fullness; not the
invalidity of the claims, for we acknowledge the
justice of as many as we recognize and pay a dis-
I tributive share upon. There is but one measure
■ for the dealing of a Government able to fulfill its
contracts, and that measure is justice. If these
claims are just, pay them all, every centthatyour
commission adjudges by our treaties and the laws
of nations we are liable for. If they are unjust, pay
nothing, not even buy peace of the claimants by
payment of one dollar. Let the example of that
justice here, which you would practice in private
life, pay all that you owe, if you are able, as soon
I as you admit the debt, and pay the residue if eyer
j it is in your power.
i Another thing, sir. While the Government is
i buying in its stock at twenty-odd per cent, pre-
| mium, this bill proposes to issue other stock to
the beneficiaries under it, which, I suppose, also
i will be purchased in at twenty-odd per cent, pre-
1 mium, and thus, perhaps, indirectly, some com-
; pensation will be made the claimants for the
scaling process to which they are to be subjected
by the first section of the bill.
; Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. The gentleman
: from Mississippi will allow me one word here.
This board of commissioners is to sit two years,
j and no part of the sum awarded by them shall be
i paid until the expiration of that time. The bill
proposes to pay the sums which may be awarded
I by the commissioners in five per cent, stocks,
I which, I believe, are not above par now, arid we
! do not know what will be the condition of them
1 two years hence. It is not proposed to make any
| diiect appropriation of money from the Treasury,
because the bill does not go into effect until two
years from this time.
Mr. BARRY. True, we cannot foresee the
. future, and we cannot see how the issue of stock
: will make the debt easier to be paid; and it may,
also, make it much more difficult to pay.
J But further, the receipts by the claimants of the
sum provided in this bill will not bind them, and
no gentleman will pretend that it will bind them.
If they have a good claim under this bill, and are
, sealed down, they have an equally good claim
■ against us for the residue. If your commission
recognizes a claim of one thousand dollars, and
■ under the scaling system established, {he owner
! gets but half that sum, how can you escape the
; conclusion that you have paid one half illegally,
i or that you unjustly withhold the other half—
