1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
425
either you keep that which ia not your*own, or
you have paid that which you ought not to have
paid.
I fear, sir, that the passage of this bill is a new
form. It is but the beginning of the end. We
know how adroitly these things are managed.
Custom-houses have begun with appropriations
of a few thousand dollars, which have, in the end,
cost, perhaps, as many hundred thousand dollars.
Once begin appropriating for a purpose, and there
is no end of it; as long as there is an excuse for
asking more. Some gentlemen will, perhaps,
vote for this bill who are not absolutely satisfied
of its justice; but, to procure release from a claim
which seems plausible, and certainly pertinacious,
they are willing to give $5,000,000 to be rid forever
of the claim. To them it is a question of vital im-
portance to determine what are the probabilities
that this sum wUl appease the claimants who be-
set the Government. To them I say, that a receipt
obtained by the Government, under such circum-
stances, is worthless. A future Congress may be
importuned, with equal justice and more plausi-
bility, into a future appropriation, as you have
been into this. Would you, sir, weigh as a feather
a receipt in full to the Government against satis-
factory proof that more was unpaid? Such a
paper, signed by mistake, or under the duress of
impending starvation, which, by all accounts, has
been hanging over these claimants since 1803, is
utterly valueless. A future Congress will have
the same right, and be under the same obliga-
tion, to pay the residue of the debt that we are under
to pay the first distributive share of $5,000,000;
no more, and no less. There is no just measure
of payment but the liquidation of.the whole indebt-
edness.
The creditors have a purpose in securing the
$5,000,000. After their claims are once recog-
nised by part payment, the unpaid portion will
be worth far more in the dollar than the whole
claim now is. The whole enginery of importunity,
supplication, of pictured want and starvation, by
which the sympathies of the people and of Con-
gress have been appealed to, will be tried again.
In a few years a new generation of the descend-
ants of the original claimants, who seem to be an
alarmingly prolific and unfortunate stock, will be
on hand; claim pressing will have been moulded
into a system, and transmitted with the unsatisfied
claim; and I fear that, as longas one dollar is unpaid,
or one descendant of the originals or assignees to
urge it, Congress will not be free from this subject.
Mr. KERR. I have investigated this claim
with as much care as I am capable of bestowing
upon any subject, and I am thoroughly satisfied
that this is a debt which the Government honestly
owes, and one which it ought to have paid fifty
years ago.
It strikes me as a remarkable circumstance, that
gentlemen rise here and deny, in the first place, that
anything is due, and then object to the bill because
we propose to pay too little; that is to say, only
$5,000,000. The argument is, that we propose to
pay $5,000,000, whereas we owe $20,000,000.
Wow, this argument certainly is not well offered
by the gentlemen who oppose the bill. If those for
whose benefit the bill is designed, are satisfied with
$5,000,000, surely those who are opposed to the
bill, out and out, ought not to object that wc pay
too little. I wish to vote for a bill to pay as
much of the debt as we can get Congress to con-
sent to pay. If Congress now will pay only
$5,000,000 [ will vote for that sum. Having paid
this, if hereafter it should be shown that only
one third or one half has been paid, I would be
willing to vote for the residue, and as long as I
participate in the public councils of the country, I
shall always vote to appropriate money, without
regard to the amount, to pay any debt the Gov-
ernment owes. I hold that the Government dis-
honors itself by refusing to pay its just debts, or
by doing that which would dishonor the citizens
who compose the Government, were the act indi-
vidual and not national. The Government ought
to be as honest as the citizens who compose it are
required to be, by force of moral.law and public
sentiment, in their intercourse with one another.
I agree with the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Barry,] that this bill will not be an estop-
pel of future claims. I do not believe the credit-
ors owning these claims will be estopped; nor do
I desire that they shall be. 1 desire to pay what
is due them. I desire to do it because it is a'debt;
and if they can hereafter show that they have not
been paid the whole amount, I would vote to pay
them the residue. 1 have heard temSrks made
here on this bill, which are inappropriate to this
Hall. I have heard it said that, for the passage of
this bill, we shall be held accountable to our con-
stituents; that it is a large sum of money to vote
away; and that bur constituents will hold us re-
sponsible for it. If my constituents ever supposed
that I would withhold my vote for an appropri-
ation of money for the discharge of an honest obli-
gation of the Government, because of its amount,
they entirely mistook my character. If they want
an individual who will vote against appropriations
simply because they contain large sums, without
reference to the,justness of their character, they
can get somebody else to take my place; for I
always aim to act upon the honest convictions of
my judgment; arid 1 shall always vote for appro-
priations of money out of the public Treasury to
discharge all honest debts of this Government, if
it takes every cent in that Treasury to accomplish
the object.
If we do not mean to pay debts, then let us not
incur them. If this Government does not mean
to pay what is due to the citizens interested in
this bill, why did the Government surrender the
rights of those citizens in adjusting its difficulties
with another nation ? If she did not mean to be
responsible, she had no right to make a surren-
der of the rights of our people in her negotiations
with Prance; and the time to look to the amount
of expenditure is before the debt is incurred. It
will not do, after one has acted the part of a
spendthrift, and finds himself overwhelmed by
pecuniary embarrassments, to say, I cannot pay
my obligations; they are too great for me. The
time to talk about the amount and to calculate the
sum is before the indebtedness has been incurred.
After the debt has been incurred, the only inquiry
for an honorable man is, how much will it take to
discharge the obligation ? and that should be the
basis of settlement, if it takes all that he is worth,
and more beside.
Again I repeat, that I am not to be deterred in
my support of this bill by any reference to the
amount due, or to the fact that only part is now
being paid. If I cannot do my whole duty now, I
will do as much of it as I can, and hope to do
better hereafter.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Will it be in order, Mr.
Chairman, to submit an amendment before the
question is taken on the motion of the gentleman
from Mississippi to strike out?
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment to that
portion proposed to be stricken out by the gentle-
man from Mississippi, [Mr. Barry,] is now m
order. His amendment is to strike out the words
" to an amount not exceeding $5,000,000."
Mr. PHILLIPS. I propose to amend by in-
creasing the amount one dollar; and 1 do it for the
purpose of making a few remarks in reply to the
gentlemen from Mississippi and North Carolina,
[Messrs. Barry and Kerr.] My friend from
Mississippi seems to think that it is an unanswer-
able objection to the bill, that if the claims are just,
then it is dishonorable in the Government to settle
for less than their full amount. In the appropria-
tion of theamountof§5,000,000, this Government
exercises its judgment in reference to the value of
the claims as they existed against the French Gov-
ernment. They were never adjudicated upon, and
claims for damages have never been adjusted.
While in this condition, this Government, having
unsettled questions of Indemnity arising under
treaty stipulations, enter into convention, by which
they mutually relinquish their claims, in which
relinquishment these claims for spoliation are in-
cluded.
Now, this bill is drawn upon the idea, not of
any original indebtedness of this Government to
make good the losses, but upon the use which this
Government made of these claims, in effecting
their arrangement with France. What value, in
this arrangement, was the relinquishment of these
claims, is the question which can only be resolved
by the judgmentof this House; and if we pass the
bill, that judgment will be pronounced. From this
judgment there is no appeal, but as far as we can
make it, it is final and conclusive. This, it seems
to me,is a full answer to the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi.
The gentleman from North Carolina, who votes
with me for the passage of the bill, says that he
considers the parties will not be released by ac-
cepting of the provisions of the bill; and that they
would have a right to apply hereafter for any bal-
ance due on their claims; and that they ought to
to be paid in full. It is true, sir, that no act we
can pass is binding upon a succeeding Congress..
But, so far as we are concerned, the act is com-
plete, and by its express provisions, all claims,
whether presented or not, to the board of commis-
sioners, are completely extinguished.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr."Chairman, I have
spent much of my time, during the last few years,
iu the examination of this question; but I have
never occupied one moment in its discussion. I
do not propose now to do anything more than to
say that I am a friend of the bill; and further,
to say to the gentleman from Virginia, who has
given notice of his purpose to bring this bill before
the House, by what I regard as illegitimate means,
that I think he will do his cause great wrong. I
am only surprised that the gentleman from South
Carolina brings before the committee his com-
plaints on the subject of striking out the enacting
clause, and forcing the bill through, under a gag,
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr, ORR. I call the gentleman to order. He
is not opposing the amendment under considera-
tion; and if he be allowed to proceed, I shall not
have opportunity for reply.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is out of
order in speaking to other matters than those em-
braced by the amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman from Ala-
bama moved to increase the appropriation one
dollar, and if my remarks are not as pertinent as
those which he made, then I shall yield. But
when the motion is made, of which the gentleman
from Virginia has given notice, he will submit, I
hope to have the opportunity of expressing my
opinion in reference to the system of dragging
measures out of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and into the House, by
riding down the rights of the minority.
The question was then taken on Mr. Phil-
lips's amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to re-
duce the appropriation one dollar; and I do so
for the purpose of saying to the committee that I
hope the gentlemen who are disposed to discuss
this question will not discuss its general merits,
but make, and explain, and oppose the amend-
ments which they may deem of importance and
necessary. We have gained nothing since the
gentleman from Virginia withdrew his motion
to strike out the enacting .clause in the way of
amending or perfecting the bill.
I desire to say another word, and then I shall
be done.
Mr. WHEELER. I call the gentleman to
order; he is not confining his remarks to hia
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not in
order. His remarks must be confined to the ex-
planation of his amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN. I am not in favor of in-
creasing the appropriation, as the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Kerr] was, but for reducing
it, if anything. But I must say, that I disagree
with that gentleman, although I admire and respect
the elevated tone of feeling which he manifested.
It seems to me that he misunderstood the ques-
tion.
In this case the claimants consider the amount
appropriated as all they can ever reasonably ex-
pect to obtain from the Government, and they
come forward and say to Congress that they con-
sider this amount as sufficient to satisfy their
claims in full. I have not heard any person, in-
terested in these claims, say that he desired more,
and they are willing to take this as a final settle-
ment. The amount of the claims may be more,
and they may be less. The claims remain un-
settled, and it may be difficult hereafter to obtain
evidence. I 'repeat, therefore, that these claim-
ants, being satisfied that $5,000,000 is all that they
will, in all probability, be able to get, are willing
to take that amount, and to discharge, to release,
the Government from all liability in the matter
forever hereafter. Well, sir, Congress, taking
them at their word, and giving them all they
have asked, is, without doubt, forever discharged
from all further obligation in the matter; and the
claimants we, in my judgment, beyond all doubt,
