1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
gentleman upon this floor; but that we have con-
sumed time unnecessarily upon this measure, no
gentleman here can, for a moment, doubt.
Mr. PARKER. I rise to a question of order.
I would inquire of the Chair whether the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Barry] has been voted upon ? My recollec-
tion is that it has not.
Severat Members. It has not.
Mr. PARKER. If it has not, then I make the
point to the Chair whether the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Arkansas is in
order, ft is certainly not germane to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Mississippi.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Indiana will refer to the rule, he will find that it
reads as follows:
119. A motion to strike out the enacting words of the bill
shall have precedence of a motion to amend.
The Chair is inclined to think that, under that
rule, the motion is in order, taking precedence, as
it does, by the express terms of the rule.
Mr. PARKER. I believe I am correct in sup-
posing that no vote has yet been taken on the
amendment of the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Barry.]
The CHAIRMAN. That vote has not yet been
taken.
Mr. WARREN. As I before remarked, I sub-
mit this motion because lam of the.opinion—and
1 think every other gentleman upon this floor will
concur with me in that opinion—that we have
already consumed time enough in reference to this
proposition. It is not a new question. It has been
pending in this country too long for any gentle-
man upon this floor to say that he does not fully
understand all the meritsof the proposition, if any
there be. Let us not, then,waste further time upon
the matter. Let my motion prevail, and let us go
into the House and have a direct vote on the prop-
osition, and then every gentleman's position will
be known to the country by virtue of the record.
This is too grave a measure for us to remain in
Committee of the Whole to make amusement
about it. There is either an honest and correct
debt on the part of the Government, or there is no
liability at all. If there is no liability, and the
members of the House are convinced of that fact,
let them vote against it. If, on the contrary, it is
a just debt, there is no use in our staying in com-
mittee to talk about the amount. The amount is
a matter of no consequence at all. The only ques-
tion involved is, is the liability correct ? I am
prepared to place my opinion in reference to its
correctness upon the record, and I apprehend that
every gentleman upon this floor is prepared to do
the ssme.
As I said before, [ make the motion not with
any view of indicating my position with refer-
ence to the bill. I make this remark, not because
I am in the least degree afraid of stating my posi-
tion, but my object tn submitting my motion is,
to get the measure into the House, and to get it into
the House fairly, that we may vote upon it. This
is the leusrwi 1 submit my motion, so that when
the bill does come into the House, we may vote
upon it with effect, and our votes may be known
to the country. We talk about amending this
bill; and gentlemen offer amendments upon
amendments to it; but if we are to pass a. bill for
this purpose at all, we cannot, in my opinion, get
& better bill than the one we now have. If this bill
do not succeed, no bill, it seems to me, can. There-
fore, 1 hope that my proposition will prevail, and
then let the motion to strike out the enacting
clause be either sustained or rejected in the
House. -
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am opposed to the
motion of the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr.
Warren,] and I desire to offer an amendment,
by which the Secretary of the Treasury will be
authorized, in lieu of issuing stock, to pay the
money. I supposed, until.this morning, that the
bill had been put into that shape. When it was
before the Committee on Foreign Affairs, I indi-
cated that proposition, and it was agreed to that it
would be put into that shape. I then stated, and
I now state, that I will not vote either for this, or
for any on? of the annual appropriation bills,
which provides that, instead of paying the amount
out of the Treasury, we are to create a debt pay-
able m twenty years hence. I hold that when we
have a full Treasury we ought to pay our debts,
instead of "creating new ones. •
Mr. DISNEY. Will thegentlemaq from North
Carolina permit me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Certainly. ' •
Mr. DISNEY. I simply desire to suggest to
the gentleman from Nortfi Carolina, that if the
proposition of the gentleman from Arkansas
should succeed, and if the report be made by the
committee to the H&use, and that report be disa-
greed to—as it must be, if the friends of the bill
are in the majority—the question will then come
up on agreeing to the substitute, as offered by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] and pend-
ing that question the gentleman from North Caro-
lina [Mr. Clingman] can offer his amendment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understand that, but I
cannot give way further. My object is to settle
this matter now; for if I should attempt to get in
this amendment when the bill comes before the
House—and if I failed in getting it in because the
previous question was in the way—then I would
have to vote against the bill, as most assuredly I
would. Although I have no doubt that this is a
just debt, still 1 will delay the payment of any
just debt rather than create indebtedness on the
part of our Government in this way, and let this
claim take its chance next session. Neither will I
vote for the proposition to pay members of Con-
gress—myself included—by the issue of stock pay-
able twenty years hence. I will say further to the
committee, in order that it may not be understood
that this is a recent idea in my mind, that it was
my impression the bill had been reported in the
shape which I indicate. That shape certainly
had been given to the bill in the committee, and,
by some oversight, it was sent out just as it now
is. I desire to move that amendment, because, if
the bill should go into the House in the shape in
which it now is, I should be sorry to be compelled
to vote against it, because I am satisfied that it is
a just demand, and I would be, unquestionably,
compelled to vote against the bill as it now
stands.
Mr. BAYLY. I hope the gentleman from Ar-
kansas will withdraw his motion for a moment.
Mr. WARREN. I gave up my time to the
gentleman from North Carolina, but I am sorry I
cannot comply with the request of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.]
Mr. BAYLY. Just as you please. I hope,
then, that the motion will be voted down.
Mr. BOCOCK. I should like, Mr. Chairman,
before any vote is taken, to explain the reason
why I shall not vote.
[Criesof "Proceed!"]
Mr. BOCOCK. After a good deal of investiga-
tion, Mr. Chairman, I had come to the conclusion
that this case was not fully made out, although
there was in it a good deal of show of reason. I
therefore expected to vote against this bill. In
that state of mind, while sitting yesterday beside
my friend from New York, [Mr. Tweed,] he said
he had some business to attend to for his constitu-
ents, which he expected would engage him to-
day, but that he would be here notwithstanding,
unless he could get some gentleman who stood in
the opposite position to him in regard to this bill,
to engage not to vote on it. I told him that I was
against the bill, while he was in favor of it, and
as I expected myself to be engaged in some bus-
iness to-day, I would undertake not to vote in his
absence. He is not here to-day, and, therefore, I
do not intend to vote.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I only desire to say
that, on this measure, I have paired off with Hon.
John Scott Harrison, of Ohio—who has been
called home by the illness of his mother—he being
for the bill and I against it.
Mr. BENSON. It seems, Mr. Chairman, that
there is, at present, no legitimate motion before
the committee except to strike out the enacting
clause of the bill, and that debate is exhausted, so
that no further remarks are now in order on that
motion. If it should prevail, I shall be precluded
from giving the reasons why I shall vote most
cheerfully for the bill, believing it, as I do, but
tardy justice to those who "have long suffered for
want of action upon this important class of claims.
But, as a matter of accommodation to my col-
league, [Mr. Mayall,] who has desired me to
make the request, 1 ask permission for him to
print the remarks which he has prepared on the
subject of this bill, but is unable, to submit on
account of ill health.
[Cries of " Yes!" "Yes!" "Agreed!"]
Mr. McMULLIN. I object.
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Illinois. Hiope that
all members who desire to let their views be
known on this bill, will have their remarks printed,
and let us proceed to pass the bill.
The- permission asked by Mr. Benson was
accorded.
[This speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. WALSH. Is it in order, Mr. Chairman,
to move to amend the enacting clause of the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks net;
the rule is peremptory.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Can the enacting
clause not be amended before striking out?
The CHAIRMAN. ,The Chair thinks not.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is the committee not re-
quired first to vote on the amendment suggested
by the gentleman from Mississippi?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not;
the rule is peremptory on this subject, if the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will be good enough to
hear it read. It is, that the motion to strike out the
enacting clause of a bill shall have precedence of
the motion for amendment.
Mr. GOODE. I desire to ask the Chair what
will be the form of the report to be made to the
House ?
Mr. FLORENCE, (interupting.) Does the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Goode] take the
floor from me ?.
Mr. GOODE. I desire the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to know that I would not take the
floor from him.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is recognized, and will proceed with his re-
marks.
Mr. WARREN. Is the proposition of the
gentleman from Virginia in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not knew
what proposition he intends to submit.
Mr. WARREN. Then I rise to a question of
order, which I ihink is a good one.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ar-
kansas will state his question of order.
Mr. WARREN. The debate on the amend-
ment submitted by myself is closed, and I see no
reason why a vote should not be taken immedi-
ately upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman from Virginia will
state his proposition.
Mr. GOODE. I desire to have such informa-
tion as will enable me to vote properly on the
pending question. I wish to know what will be
the report that will be made by the chairman of
the committee to the House, in the event of this
motion of the gentleman from Arkansas prevailing ?
Will the Chair report to the House that the first
section of the bill has been stricken out, and will
this be his whole report ?
Mr. DISNEY. Yes.
Mr. GOODE. And this is equivalent to a prop-
osition to reject the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. So the Chair supposes.
Mr. GOODE. Then there will be no report of
the various amendments?
The CHAIRMAN. No.
Mr. GOODE. Then I am prepared to vote to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know of the
friends of the bill,.and especially of my colleague,
whether—if the motion now pending should pre-
vail 
Mr. WARREN, (interrupting.) It does not
seem to me to be a legitimate mode of legislating
to require a gentleman in advance to state what
course he would take. I would take the course
prescribed by the rules, and I do not see why I
cannot demand a vote upon the proposition I have
submitted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is inclined to
the opinion that the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
McMollis] is not in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to ask my col-
league, and those who are the friends of the bill,
if the motion of the gentleman from Arkansas
prevails, will they then move the previous ques-
tion precluding all amendments.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to ask the Chair
whether it is in order to offer an amendment to
the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that no
amendment is in order while the motion to strike
out the enacting clause of the bill is pending.
