THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, JANUARY 29, 1855.
New Series No. 28.
Mr. BAYLY. Then my friend from South
Carolina withdraws his motion.
Mr. ORR. I do, but with that understanding.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays on the
amendment can only be dispensed with by unani-
mous consent, the House having voted that the
question shall be taken by yeas and nays. If
there be no objection, the order for the yeas and
nays can be withdrawn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object.
Mr. PECK. I object. My colleague [Mr.
Walsh] has power to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. I renew the motion to ad-
journ, and I ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ORR. 1 move that when this House ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday next; and
upon that motion I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. BAYLY. Will my friend withdraw that
motion ?
Mr. ORR. I will, to enable the gentleman to
submit a motion to which, I presume, the friends
of the bill will agree.
Mr. BAYLY. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the yeas and nays were ordered on the
amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. That motion is not in order.
The SPEAKER. It is a course of proceeding
that the Chair has never witnessed upon this floor.
It is not competent for a majority of the House to
control the thirty members who ordered the vote
to be taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 suppose, that if
one fifth of the members present did not vote
against the reconsideration, the order could be
reversed.
The SPEAKER. TheChaifknows of no such
case whatever.
Mr. BANKS. If the Chair will allow me, I
will state that 1 think there are precedents in the
practice of the House in past years, where nn
order for the yeas and nays lias been reconsidered;
the Speaker decided that a majority could recon-
sider that vote, and the question immediately
recurring upon ordering the yeas and nays, if one
fifth of those present did not vote for it, then the
yeas and nays were not ordered.
The SPEAKER. It is clearly not in the power
of a majority of the House to control the thirty
members who ordered the yeas and nays.
Mr. BAYLY. I have temporarily fallen into
an error. The Speaker has decided right, and I
withdraw the motion to reconsider.
Mr. GREENWOOD. 1 have not participated
in the discussion which has taken place in rela-
tion to this bill. I am opposed to the bill, and
voted ascainst it; but I cannot vote for the amend-
ment proposed to the title. A clear majority has
passed the bill, and I am quite willing to leave
the matter there.
Many Members. That is right.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I hope that the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Cami-bell,] who objected to the
withdrawal of the yeas and nays, will withdraw
that objection, and allow us to vote down the
amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I cannot withdraw it.
Mr. ORR. Then I renew my motion that,
when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet oil
Tuesday next, and upon it I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. DISNEY. I rise to a point of order. The
House having previously determined to devote
Monday to the consideration of territorial busi-
ness, I hold that is not competent to entertain a
motion in contravention with that order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, being unable to agree with the
gentleman from Ohio in that proposition.
The yeas and nays were not ordered on Mr.
Qrr's motion.
The question was then taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Letcheu s mo-
tion, on which the yeas and nays had been or-
dered; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
32, nays 120.
28
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on Mr. Walsh s
amendment, on which the yeas and nays had been
ordered.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I ask the gentleman
from New York to withdraw his amendment; he
has had his fun, and I hope he will now withdraw
Mr. WALSH. When I offered that amend-
ment, i supposed there would have been no 
Mr. EDGERTON, (interrupting.) I object to
the gentleman's withdrawing his amendment. It
is before the House, and must be voted on.
Mr. WALSH. Can I not explain the reason
why I offered it? .
The SPEAKER. The main question having
been ordered to be put, no debate is in order.
[Cries of" (Question !" " Cluestion!"]
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 1, nays 120; as follows:
YEAS—Sir. Walsh—1.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, Applcton, Thomas
H. Bayly, Ball, Banks, Belcher, licnBon, Buss, Bridges,
Bristow, Brooks, Bug", Campbell, Carpenter, Caskie,
Chandler, Cotjb, Corivui, Crocker, Cullom, Curtis,Cutting,
Thomas l)avi«, Dawson, DeWitt, Dick, Dickinson, Dis-
ney, Dunbur, Kdjterton, F.dmands, Thomas D. Ullot, Ever-
hart, Farley, Faulkner, Florence, Franklin, Fuller, Gam-
ble, Giddings, Goodrich, Goodwin, Greenwood, Aaron
llarian, Sampson W.Harris, Hastings, Haven, Heim, llill-
yer, Houston, Howe, Hunt, Ingersoll, Johnson, J. Clancy
Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Knox, I.anih, Limisley,
I.you, MeCulloeh, Macdonaid, MeDouyall, iMeUueen,
Mace, Maey, Matteson, Maurice, May, Muldli'swarlh,
Moi"Lin,Miniison,Mutray,Niehols,Noble,Noiion, facker,
I'eck, l'enmngton, l"lulh|is, I'ratt, l'reston, Puryear, Ready,
Heese, Kiddle, Kobbms, Rogers, Kus-.ell, Sabin, Sapp, Sey-
mour, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Simmons, William R.
Smith, Ceoi^e YV. Smyth, Kieliard 1!. Stanton, Hector L,.
Stevens, John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Teller, Thurs-
ton, Trout, IJpham, Van-ant, Wade, Cllihu II. Wasbburne,
Israel Waslllmin, Wells, John Wenuvorlh.Tappaii Wont-
worth, Wt-stbruok, Wlieclei, Yates anil 'Zollieotl'er—120.
So the amendment of the gentleman from New
York was not ngreetl to.
Mr. WALSH. 1 rise to a privileged question;
I move that the vote which has been just taken
be reconsidered, and that the motion to reconsider
do lie on the table. [Laughter.]
Mr. BAYLY. I have no objection to that, Mr.
Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will remem-
ber that under the rule, a member voting in the
majority can alone move to reconsider. [Laugh-
ter.]
The title of the bill was then agreed to without
amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the title of,the bill was adopted, and,
also, moved that the motion to,reconsider be laid
on the tabic; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House thereupon, at four o'clock, p. m.,
adjourned till Monday, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 29, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. IIenry Slicer.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of State, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
I Senate, a report of Professor E.N. Horsford upon
j an analysis of a new variety of guano in accord-
1 ance with instructions from Hon. William L.
| Marcy, Secretary of State, in which the Profes-
| sor states that the new variety contains 15,59 per
| cent, of ammonia, and that it may safely be said
j to be on a par with the best average samples of
1 Peruvian, and greatly superior to many. The
, report was ordered to lie on the table, and be
; printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of J. Wil-
liams, on behalf of hia minor children, Maria Mer-
ced, and Maria Francisca Williams, praying that
the tract of land known as Rancho Santa Anna
del Chmo, about which there was a diversity of
opinion in the board appointed to settle private
land claims in California, may be confirmed to
said minor children without regard to the two
years' limitation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Also, the petition of William Leonard, praying
indemnification for depredations committed by the
Pawnee Indians, on his cattle, while being driven
from the Atlantic States to California; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Also, the petition of Roger B. Ironside, praying
compensation for medical attendance on the Shasta
Indians in California, under the authority of the
United States agent for those Indians; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
UNEMPLOYED WORKINGMEN.
Mr. SEWARD. It cannot be unknown by the
Senate, that the present winter is marked by
extreme depression of enterprise in every depart-
ment of mechanical and manufacturing industry
in the country, and that the result of this general
depression is a peculiar and unlooked for inactivity
in the city of New York. During two or three
weeks which I spent there in the season of the
holidays, the customary festivities of the city
were saddened by assemblages of unemployed
mechanics and workingmen in the Park; and my
walks at night brought me sometimes in contact
with persons of the same class, soliciting relief,
which their honest pride forbade them to ask by
daylight. Two things are lemarked on this sub-
ject, by most candid persons. First, that there
was nothing fictitious m the statements of the dis-
tress that had thus fallen on an industrious class
of the population; and, second, that their conduct
was, in the main, not unworthy of themselves as
American citizens, in an emergency so painful.
A very respectable committee have waited upon
me and requested me to present to the Senate, a
memorial of these impoverished mechanics and
workingmen, with which request I am now to
comply. I will not detain theSenate by detailing
minutely the contents of this petition. I will re-
mark only, that it is temperately and becomingly
expressed; that it recites the distress that I
have described, and traces it to causes which, in
the judgment of the memorialists, were adequate
to such effects; and that, in regard to the form of
relief, the memorialists have decided to ask Con-
gress for the passage of a homestead bill, with
such additional legislation as will, in their judg-
ment, be unexpensive to the Government, while it
will enable the unemployed workmen to move to
and enter into the occupation and cultivation of
homesteads on the public domain.
1 commend the subject to the careful considera-
tion of the Committee on Public Lands, to whom
I move the reference of the memorial.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. !1 IIODHFAI) presented the memorial of
the heirs of Richard II. Kern, deceased, an ass>sc-
ant engineer in the Topographical Bureau, who
was massacred by the Indians while attached to
the surveying expedition under Captain Gunni-
son, praying to be allowed his pay from the time
of his death to the return of the expedition, and
the expenses incurred by him in preparing to join
the same; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. WELLER presented the petition of John
Roony and others, invalid pensioners, praying an
increase of the amount allowed to invalids wh'o
were injured in the war with Mexico; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial of*
Charles W. Dennison, late United States consul
for British Guinea, praying the reimbursement of
expenses incurred by him in procuring informa-
tion and collections in agriculture, commerce,
mechanics, and science, in South America, for the
Patent Office, under directions of the Department
of State; which was referred to the Committee oil
Patents and the Patent Office.
