484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
Mr. FE8SENDEN presented the petition of
Robert Morton, legal representative of one of the
children of Abigail Morton, deceased, praying
that the pension allowed her as the widow of a
revolutionary officer may be paid to her children;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitted an additional
document in relation to the claim of John S. Dev-
lin, for pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That Barton Ricketson have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John S. Devlm, together
with the adveise report of the Committee on Pensions on
the same, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS PROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. M ALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, who were instructed, by a resolution of
the Senate, to inquire into the subject, reported
a bill to compensate Lieutenant Matthew F.
Maury, United States Navy, for his wind and
current charts and sailing directions; which was
read and passed to a second reading. He also
submitted a report on the subject; which was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom were referred the following
petitions for allowance of pensions, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration, as the
cases were provided for in a general bill reported
by the Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Clay,] and
which, he said, would be taken up in a clay or two:
Petition of Mrs. J. Josephine McClelland;
Petition of Mrs. Mary A. M. Jones;
Petition of Mrs. Irene G. Scarritt; and the
Petition ofMrs. Frances W. Webster.
He also, from the same Committee, to whom
were referred documents in support of the claim of
Hiram Seat to a pension, for services as a team-
ster in the war with Mexico, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Levi C. Harris, pray-
ing to be allowed a pension, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for his relief; which was
read and passed to a second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill of the House of Represent-
atives, for the relief of Mrs. Anna W. Angus,
widow of the late Captain Angus, United States
Navy, reported it back without amendment.
_ Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tioiiEry Claims, to whom was referred the bill of
the House of Representatives for the relief of the
widow and children of Ezra Chapman, deceased,
reported it back without amendment. He also
submitted a report theron; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill of the House of Representa-
tives for the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant An-
drew Fmley, reported it back without amendment.
He also submitted a report on the subject; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives for the relief of Nathaniel Reddick, j
administrator of Richard Taylor, deceased, re- i
ported it back without amendment. He also sub- !
mitted a report on the subject; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Mrs.
Jane A. Brower, widow of Charles B. Brower,
late a lieutenant in the United States Army, who
died of a disease contracted in the Mexican war,
while in the line of his duty, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
• He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the petition of Myles T. Woolley,
and additional documents, praying a pension, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr, GWIN, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred a communication of
the Secretary of the Navy on the subject of intro-
ducing submarine armors into the Navy, submit-
ted an adverse report thereon; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the folio wing petitions, &c., asked to
be discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to:
Petition of W. H. Kennon, praying to be allowed
the difference of pay between that of a purser on
board of a sloop and on board of a frigate, for the
time he acted as purser on the steam frigate Mis-
sissippi.
Message from the President of theUnited States,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, the fourth meteorological report of
Professor Espy.
Resolutions of the Legislature of Maine, in favor
of the abolition of the spirit rations in the United
States Navy.
Petition of watchmen of the Navy Department,
praying to be allowed compensation for extra
services.
Petition of Henry Ruggles of Brooklyn, New
York, praying that authority be given to the proper
Department to exchange waste land belonging to
the Government, at Brooklyn, for land of the pe-
titioner adjoining the navy-yard at Brooklyn.
EXPEDITION TO THE NORTH PACIFIC.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rctolved, That the Secretary of the Navy he requested
to communicate to the Senate, copies of all reports or cor-
respondence of Commander Ringgold, commanding the ex-
pedition to the North Pacific ocean, to^'cllier with the maps,
charts, and drawings of any surveys made during his
voyage, with the hydrographie reports and sailing directions
accompanying them, to be primed, together with five thou-
sand additional copies for the use of the Senate, and that
five hundred such copies be delivered to that officer ; also,
that, if the Senate shall have finally adjourned before the
report of the said Secretary, in answer to this resolution
shall have been received, the said report shall be sent to the
Secretaiy of the Senate, to be printed, and sent as above,
to the members of the Senate and the officer above named.
And lhat five hundred copies of Commodore Terry's report
heretofore ordered to be printed, be tor the Navy Depart-
ment.
NAVAL ASTRONOMICAL EXPEDITION.
Mr. FOOT submitted the following resolution,
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed five thousand additional
copies of the " lteport of the United States Naval Astron-
omical Expedition to Chili," and that two hundred and
fifty of said copies be allotted to the use of Lieutenant J.
M. Giliis.
THE LATE TEXAS NAVY.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill to provide for the
surviving officers of the late Texas navy, and, on
the motion of Mr. WELLER, it was recommitted
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Fornev, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had passed a bill to provide
for the ascertainment and satisfaction of claims of
American citizens for spoliations committed by
the French prior to the 31st day of July, 1801.
Also, that they had paseed the following resolu-
tions of the Senate:
Resolution respecting the Arctic expedition
commanded by Passed Assistant Surgeon E. K.
Kane.
Resolution relative to the construction of the
laws for the allowance of additional compensation
to the clerks in the Census Bureau.
FEES OF TERRITORIAL OFFICERS.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, reported a " bill to extend to the Terri-
tories generally, the laws regulating the fees and
compensation of officers, and the suitors of the
United States courts in Oregon;1' which was read
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask for the present consid-
eration of the bill, and I will explain its purpose.
About two years ago, we passed a fee bill for the
United States courts, which, as I supposed, ap-
plied to all the States and Territories; but it has
been construed, at the Treasury Department, to
apply only to the States and to the Territory of
Oregon. This bill is to declare that it shall have
the same effect in the other Territories as in the
Territory of Oregon. Under the law, the clerk ia
entitled to $500, unless his fees amount to that
sum. If they amount to that, hegets no payfrom
the United Statps. This is simply to extend the
provision to the new Territories, so that, if the
fees of the clerks do not amount to $500, they
shall be made up to it, the same as in the States.
It is now construed to apply to the States and the
Territory of Oregon. I presume theie can be
no objection to it. The reason why 1 ask for ita
consideration now, is, that to-da,/, to-morrow,
and the next day, are territorial days in the other
House, and unless it be considered now it cannot
be acted on there this year.
The bill was read a second time and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
extend the provisions and principles of the act of
February 26, 1853, entitled, "an act to regulate
the fees and costs to be allowed clerks, marshals,
and attorneys of the circuit and district courts of
the United States, and for other purposes," to all
similar officers in all the Territoiies of the United
States, and that the same fees and compensation
authorized by the act in the Territory of Oregon
be allowed in each of the other Territories to
similar officers. The act is to have effect from
and after the date of the approval of the act of
Febiuary 2G, 1853.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
SECRETARY OF MINNESOTA.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am also directed by the Com-
mittee on Territories to report a joint resolution
for the relief of the Secretary of the Territory of
Minnesota, and I ask that it may be considered
now, for the same reason, viz. that to-day and the
two following days have been set apart m the
House for territorial business.
The joint resolution was read twice by unani-
imous consent, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. Its object is to require the account-
ing officers of the United States Treasury to allow
to the Secretary of the Territory a credit for $K85,
in the settlement of his account, that being the
amount of an account paid by him for collating,
noting, indexing, and superintending the publica-
tion of the laws of the Territory, for the years
1849, 1851, 1852, and 1853; and for indexing, and,
in part, reporting the decisions of the supreme
court of the Territory for 1850 and 1851, agreeably
to the provision of a joint resolution of the Legis-
lature, passed in March, 1853.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Secretary was directed
by the Territorial Legislature to have that work
done, and it was done accordingly. Doubts, were,
however, entertained at the Treasury Department
as to whether that was in strict conformity with
the organic law of the Territory. That it is a
case of merit there is no doubt, I believe. I hope
it may be passed now.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
EFFICIENCY OF THE NAVY.
Mr. MALLORY. By direction of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, 1 report a bill to promote
the efficiency of the Navy. In doing so, Mr.
President, I desire to say to the Senate that the
Committees on Naval Affairs of the two Houses
have despaired of obtaining congressional action
upon those general reforms which have been
recommended by the Secretary of the Navy; and
they have called upon him to suggest a single re-
form, which lies at the basis of all others. He
has done it; and the bill, as now reported, is, in
fact, the bill of the Navy Department, concurred
m by the committees of the two Houses. It em-
braces but a single feature, and involves no addi-
tional expenditure of money for naval defense. 1
desire to give notice to the Senate, without having
the bill made the special order for any particular
day, that I shall call it up at the very earliest
moment, deeming it of very great importance for
the efficiency of the naval service.
The bill was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
BRTG GENERAL ARMSTRONG.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire now to make the
motion, of which 1 gave notice on Friday, to re-
consider the vote on the engrossment of the bill
for the relief of the claimants of the private armed
