1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
485
brig General Armstrong; and, also, on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from California.
The PRESIDENT. The first question will
be on taking up the bill for the purpose of ena-
bling the Senator to make the motion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand I have the
right to submit the motion, and let it lie on the
table for action hereafter.
Mr. BA.DGER. The usual course is to enter
the motion.
The PRESIDENT. That will be done.
PUBLICATION OF DEBATES.
Mr. BADGER. I submitted, at the last ses-
sion, a resolution for the purpose of paying the
editors of the National Intelligencer for the pub-
lication of certain reports of proceedings of the
Senate. I was obliged, in consequence of ill
health, to leave here before the adjournment last
session, and I have had no opportunity of calling
the attention of the Senate to it until now. I ask
that the resolution;- which I have modified, be
taken up, read, and disposed of. I hope there
"will be no objection to gratifying me in this. It
13 not long that i shall have the opportunity of
asking any favors from the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator consent to
lay it aside if it leads to debate? If he will, 1
shall not object to taking it up.
Mr. BADGER. If it is not disposed of when
the hour fixed for the special order arrives, I will,
of course, consent to let it go over.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion.
As modified, it is as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate pay, from the
contingent fuud of the Senate, to the proprietors of the
Union, National Intelligencer, and SentinH, for publishing
*he debates and proceedings of Hie Senate for the la&t and
present Congress at the rate of $4 60 per column : Pro-
vtded} That neither of said journals which may have already
teen paid for any poiuou of the above service, shall bo
again paid for the same,
Mr. FITZPATRTCIt. I can see no necessity
for adopting that resolution. We might, with the
same propriety, extend it to the New York H erald,
and all the other papers in the country which pub-
lish reports of our debates. We have a corps of
reporters. All our debates are published in the
Globe, and sent to the world under the sanction of
the Senate, and it seems to me strange that we
should now take a wider range, and include all the
press in this city. I will inquire of my honor-
able friend from North Carolina, if the resolution
embraces the reports of last session?
Mr. BADGER. Yes, sir.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. If I am not mistaken,
there was a proposition of that kind made at the
close of the last session, and voted down by this
body. Now, sir, what great object can be accom-
plished by the adoption of such a resolution ? A
very large expenditure would evidently accrue to
the Government by paying for the publishing of
the debates m those papers. The debates are open
to the press throughout the country; and many of
the leading presses have published them. But
what can we accomplish by this resolution? We
have all our debates in an authentic form, under
the sanction of the Senate, sent to us, as I before
remarked, by the able reporter whose compensa-
tion we have increased for the express purpose of
excluding all other papers. A much heavier ex-
penditure is embraced in that resolution than
would seem to strike the Senate; and we ought
not, in this hurried manner, to attempt to give so
wide a range to the press of this city, tor you may, [
with as much propriety, include all the presses
throughout the country. If it woukJ tend to en-
lighten the public mind, if there was any practical
result to be accomplished by it, I should not
oppose it; but I call upon the Senate to scrutinize
the resolution before they agree to pay from the
Treasury such a vast amount of money as will be
paid if we include the papers which are embraced
m it. I dislike to oppose anything proposed by
my honorable friend; but looking at the public in-
terest, and standing in the relation which I do to
the Committee on Printing, to which the resolu-
tion has not been referred, I must object to it—
especially after the proposition has once been re-
jected by the Senate.
Mr. BADGER. I am not going to enter intoa
debate on this subject. I wish to say but a few
words. This proposition is not suddenly sprung
upon the Senate, it has been long upon the table
—ever since the middle of last session; but, as I
have already explained, in consequence of my
compelled absente from the Senate towards the
close of the session, caused by ill health, I had no
opportunity of calling it up. The Senator asks,
why do this? The debates are now reported fully
and ably. So they are, sir; but the object of this
is to pay those who haveput the debates, so fully
and so ably reported, into the widest circulation
through the country. That is all. We all know
that the Daily Globe is not taken extensively 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I desire to ask my
friend if that resolution was not disposed of at the
last session ?
Mr. BADGER. It was on thetable; but I had
not then an opportunity to call it up.
_ Mr. FITZPATRICK. There was a resolu-
tion of a similar character voted on and rejected.
Mr. BADGER. It was a different resolution.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I only wish
to say that, like the Senator from North Carolina,
but for indisposition at the close of the last ses-
sion, I should have moved to take up that resolu-
tion in his absence. I hope it will now be agreed
to.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I do not think this
resolution should be agreed to. I do not think
the papers mentioned in it have any claim what-
ever upon the Senate, for the publication of the
debates of this body which they have published.
It is known that we have gone to most extraor-
dinary expense for the publication of the reports
of our proceedings, and that that expense has
increased enormously, and at no time was it
increased to a greater extent than during the last
session. The proposition amounts to this: We
pay a corps of reporters a given amount,and give
them extra compensation for reporting the debates.
We pay a very large sum to John C. Hives, for
we have doubled, and more than quadrupled, the
number of Globes which we take. Now, sir, the
papers mentioned in the resolution have published
a synopsis of the debates for their own purposes,
to increase their own circulation, and to add to
their profits. Two of them, formerly, had con-
tracts with us for the reporting of our proceedings;
but, after some time, they informed us that they
must cense to report our proceedings, on the
ground that the prices were inadequate. They
have, however, for their own private purposes,
furnished to their readers a synopsis of the re-
ports, and probably, on some occasions, some
particular debates, and now the proposition is to
pay them for that. They have, in my opinion,
no sort of claim to any such compensation; and I
hope the Senate will not award it.
# Mr. FITZPATRICK. The question of pub- (
lishing the debates was very elaborately discussed i
at the last session of Congress. It underwent a
very rigid scrutiny before the Committee on Pant-
ing on a memorial from the gentleman who pub-
lishes the Globe. At that time each Senator was
entitled to twelve copies of the Congressional Globe
and Appendix. It is within the recollection of every
gentleman who hears me speak, that this body
was occupied for two or three days—perhaps two
days exclusively engaged—in the discussion of
the question as to the ipereased compensation to
the publisher of the Globe. It is also in the recol-
lection of Senators that the increase did not receive
my sanction, though I was entirely willing to
agree with the committee in awarding him a rea-
sonable compensation, by subscribing for an ad-
ditional number of Globes; but, instead of receiv-
ing twenty-four copies, the Senate determined that
each Senator should receive about ninety copies.
Mr. BADGER Ninety-three.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Ninety-three to each
Senator. That, according to my understanding,
settled the question, and confined the paid publica-
tion exclusively to our own reporter; yet, now, as
the Senator from Iowa says, after those papers
have published such portions of the proceedings
of this body as they deemed calculated to interest
their readers, and obtain for those papers ail in-
creased circulation, we are called upon to pay
them. Mr. President, if involves a heavy ex-
penditure of the public money; and for the pur-
pose of avoiding an expenditure which I believe
to be unnecessary, I ask the Senate not to give
this resolution its sanction, lea 11 for the yeas and
nays upon its adoption, that we may see who are
disposed to a id such an expense to theTreasury.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS. I should prefer that the vote
should not be taken on the resolution this morn-
ing. I know that the Senator from Georgia, who
is absent, [Mr. Toombs,] is very decidedly op-
posed to it; if he were here, he' could give his ob-
jections, which, it seems to me, from a conversation.
1 have had with him, would be conclusive to every
one. What is the consideration for voting the
sum of thirty or fifty thousand which is proposed
to be given to those papers? They printa portion,
or all, of the proceedings of this body, and of tho
other House, as they may think proper. They
publish such speeches as suit their taste, or aa
they think will increase their own circulation. I
ask you, sir, if almost every other paper in the
United States does not perform the same service to
the country? Have they not,then, just as "much
claim to the consideration of Congress for a pen-
sion? It would certainly be nothing else than a
pension—a pension of ten thousand dollars to each
of these papers, for, if you make the calculation,
you will find that it will amount to that, or even
to a greater sum. Other papers throughout the
country, obtain this information at much greater
cost than they do, and publish it to as large, and
some of them, perhaps, to a much larger number
of readers. Why is it then, that these papers,
simply because they happen to be located in the
city of Washington, should have this preference
over other papers which render precisely the same
service to the country—-if, indeed, it be a service.
I can see no propriety in it. They have no con-
tract with the Government. There is no obliga-
tion, either express or implied, that the Govern-
ment shall pay for publishing ouch information aa
will promote their circulation. They keep no re-
porters, or if they do, it is unnecessary. We pay
the best reporters in the world—the reporters for
the Globe—to furnish all the information con-
tained in those papers; and they have nothing to
do but to extract it, and publish it immediately, as
other papers in the country do. If there be any
other reason for it, except that it is a gratuity, I
have been unable to see it; I have heard no man
suggest it.
1 know that it is an unpleasant duty to oppose
a proposition of this sort. These are the prin-
cipal papers of the District of Columbia. Their
conductors are conversant with the labors of the
members of this body, and of the other House;
and they can give a man character at home for
usefulness, or a want of usefulness here. With
many, therefore, it is an ungracious task to vote
against giving them ten thousand dollars for the
puffing of one, and the detraction of another.
Yet there is an obligation resting upon every Sen-
ator to perform his duty to the country; and why
you should tax the people these thirty or fifty
thousand dollars to grant a gratuity to these pa-
pers, I am unable to see. I have heard no reason
assigned for it—I can see none for it—and I there-
fore move that the resolution lie upon the table.
Mr. BADGE!!. I hope the Senator will let us
vote on the resolution. It will take less time.
Mr. Adams's motion was agieed to—ayes 22,
noej 1G.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. BRODt-IEAD. I hope the Senate will
now take up the bounty land bill, and dispose of
it. I think' it will not occupy twenty minutes.
I am sure the Senate is ready to vote on the mo-
tion made by the Senator from Californ ia, [Mr.
Weller,] to reconsider the amendment offered
by the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Bad-
fier.] All the amendments have been ofiered,
and there is but one vote to be taken. The bill
has been long before the Senate, and I think that
we are prepared to vote upon it this morning.
Mr. GW1N. The Senator from Pennsylvania
says that, if his bill be taken up, it will be dis-
posed of without debate, or, at most, in twenty
minutes. Mr. President, our experience haa
taught us that the Senator's twenty minutes may
be like Senatorial speeches of " one word," which
run to one hour. If I thought this bill could be
disposed of in four hours, I would not interpose;
but we have heard the same thing before from
the Senator, in good faith, too; but when it ia
taken up, Senators must express their views, and
offer their amendments. 1 hope the Senator will
let us dispose of the Army appropriation bill,
which is the unfinished business of Thursday.
Mr. CLAYTON. I ask for the yeas and nays
