436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
on the motion of the Senator from Pennsylaania
to take up the bounty land bill.
Mr. HUNTER. Before the question is taken,
I will suggest to my friend from Pennsylvania,
that .we can probably dispose of the Army appro-
priation bill to-day or to-morrow, if he will Jet us
goon with it now. It was the unfinished business
when we adjourned on Thursday, and, therefore,
it comes up first in order to-day. The Senator
from Texas [Mr. Houston] has the floor, and I
hope we shall proceed with it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If I believed the consider-
ation of the bounty land bill would take over half
an hour, or an hour, I would yield to the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Virginia; but I feelcer-
tain that, in view of the pressure of business upon
the Senate, Senators are ready to vote without
speaking further upon it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I feel very desirous to have
& vote upon the bounty land bill; but we are now
in the middle of the consideration of the Army
appropriation bill, and I certainly cannot consent
to take up the bounty land bill until that be dis-
posed of. I hope the Senator will permit us to
proceed with the Army appropriation bill, and
finish it to-day; which I think we shall be able
to do. ^ ■
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Boll, Brainerd, Brodhead, But-
ler, Clayton, Cooper, Dawson, Fc^enden, Foot, Houston,
Junes of Tenncs eo, Pemt, Pratt, Reid, Rockwell, Seward,
Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of ftew Jersey,
Wade, Wei Id, and Wright—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Benjamin, Bright, Chase,
Clay, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodaeof Iowa, Douglas, Evan*,
Fit/.patnck,Geyer, Gillette, Gwin, Ilunter, James, Jones of
Iowa, Pearce, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields, Stuart, Touccy,
and Weller—2-1.
So the motion was not agreed to.
OKDER OF BUSINESS—FRENCH SPOLIATION
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to postpone the
prior orders, for the purpose of taking; up the
Army appropriation bill.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I shall cer-
tainly interpose no objection to taking up, at the
earliest possible moment, the bill referred to by
the honorable Senator from Virginia; but a bill of
great importance has just been returned from the
House of Representatives, with two amendments,
the consideration of which, probably, will not
occupy the attention of the Senate for ten minutes,
it being the general disposition, so far as 1 under-
stand the views of the Senate on the subject, to
acquiesce in the amendments of the House. I
refer to the bill which has been pending before
Congress for more than fifty years, to indemnify
the claimants for the spoliations committed by
France, prior to the year 1800. Now, if my
f iend from Virginia will yield for a few minutes,
we shall relieve those who have been suffering for
want of this justice for fifty years. I trust he will
consent to let that bill be taken up, for I think it
can be disposed of without debate.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from Del-
aware will allow it to lie over until to-morrow, so
that we may examine the amendments. I have
not seen them. Let us go on with the Army
appropriation bill to-day; and the Senator can call
up the bill to which he refers to-morrow, in the
morning hour. This will facilitate business by
giving us an opportunity to look into the amend-
ments. Let them be printed.
Mr. CLAYTON. It is very hard to resist the
application of the Senator from Virginia. Jf he
will tell me he does not understand the amend-
ments, I shall, of course, consent to give him time
to examine them.
Mr. IIUNTEK. I assure the Senator that 1
have not read them; I have not even seen them,
as yet.
Mr. CLAYTON. Then I move that the
amendments be printed, and that the subjc-ct be
made the special order for to-morrow, at half past
twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDENT. The first question must
be on the motion of the Senator from Virginia, to
take up the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. CLAYTON. I think the Senator gave way
for me.
Mr. HUNTER. I am willing to yield the floor
for a motion to print. I hope the Senator will ask
no more than that.
Mr. CLAYTON. I ask for the printing of the
amendments, and that the subject be made the
special order for to-morrow at half past twelve
o'clock. There can be no harm in that.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Vir-
ginia submitted the first motion. Does he with-
draw that motion?
Mr. HUNTER. If it is in my power to hold
on to my motion I would rather do so.
Mr. CLAYTON. But the Senator gave me
the floor, and I made my motion after he gave me
the floor.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Dela-
ware moves to take up the bill which has been
received from the House of Representatives.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I suppose the object
of that motion is thoroughly understood. It is
for the purpose of having the amendments printed,
and I presume there can be no objection to that.
Mr. Clayton's motion was agreed to; and the
bill from the House of Representatives, 44 to pro-
vide for the ascertainment and satisfaction of
claims of American citizens for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the 31st of July,
1801," was read a first time.
Mr. ADAMS. One reading is enough for that
bill to-day.
The PRESIDENT. This is a House bill, which
will now have its second reading if there be no
objection.
Mr. HUNTER. I object to its second reading.
I wish it to he over until to-morrow.
Mr. CLAYTON. I renew the motion to print
the amendments, and make the bill the special
order for to-morrow at half past twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDENT. There are no amendments.
It is a bill of the House.
Mr. CLAYTON. There are amendments to
the Senate bill. The bill, as returned from the
House, is not the bill which was sent from the
Senate. It is materially changed in two particu-
lars; it must, therefore, undergo another vote of
the Senate. In order that the Senate may entirely
understand the question, I move that the bill from
the House, which is really an amendment to the
bill of the Senate, be printed for the use of the
Senate, and made the special order for to-morrow,
at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. HUNTER. That motion cannot be enter-
tained, as the bill is not before us. It is a House
bill, the consideration of which has been objected
to.
The PRESIDENT. There is nothing upon
the bill to show that it was ever m the Senate
before. It is an original bill, marked House bill,
No. 117.
Mr. CLAYTON. I know that, but substan-
tially it is the Senate bill, with two amendments,
which will probably not occupy the Senate ten
minutes
Mr. HUNTER. That does not vary the ques-
tion of order. It is a House bill, and I have
objected to its second reading to-day.
The PRESIDENT. If the Senator objects, it
must lie over, as a matter of course.
Mr. WELLER. I ask, by unanimous consent,
to be allowed to submit a motion that the bill be
printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed^lo.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I renew the motion to take
up the army appropriation bill.
Mr. CASS. I do not rise to interpose any ob-
jection to that motion; but to say that in the
arrangements which may be made about the
j business of the Senate, I trust the important bills,
| with respect to certain great improvements, to
j which I have already called the attention of the
| Senate, will not be overlooked; but that the Sen-
I ators who have brought them forward will urge
j their consideration at the earliest opportunity. I
i trust the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Ben-
| j\min,] on whose motion a day was fixed, some-
time since, for the consideration of those bills, will
not overlook them.
Mr. Hunter's motion was agreed to; and the
Senate accordingly resumed, as in Committee of
the Whole, the consideration of the bill from the
House of Representatives, making appropriations
for the support of the Army, for the year ending
the 30^h of June, 1856, the pending question be-
ing on the amendment submitted by Mr. Shields,
to provide for the appointment of three commis-
sioners to negotiate with the Indians, and for the
raising of four regiments of volunteers to sup-
press Indian hostilities. The first question was
stated to be on the first branch of the proposition.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall vote against the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Military
Affairs; but, as it is my purpose to offer a substi-
tute for that amendment, perhaps this is as good
a time as any to have it read for the information
of the Senate. I send to the Chair an amend-
ment which I shall offer as the substitute for the
second proposition of the Committee on Military
Affairs, and I ask that it be read.
The Secretary accordingly read it as follows:
And be it further enacted, That there shall be added to
the Army two regiments of cavalry, organised as the regi-
ment of mounted riflemen of the existing force.
And be it further enacted, That the President be, and he
is hereby, authorized to call for, and accept, t.he services
of any number of mounted volunteers, not exceeding m
all five hundred officers and men, to be organized as here-
inafter directed, who shall, as circumstances may direct,
be employed as rangers, scouts, spies, and hunters, and
serve for twelve months unless sooner discharged; and die
sum of  dollars, out of any moneys in the Treas-
ury, not otherwise appropriated, be, and the same hereby
is, appropriated, to carry the provisions of this act i , to effect:
Provided, That the number of privates for each company
of volunteers herein organized shall not exceed sixty lour;
Jlnd provided further, That the said volunteers may be
requited to serve on foot, if circumstances should render
such service necessary.
And be it further enacted, That the said volunteers shall
furnish their own horses and horse equipments; and, when
mustered into the service, shall be armed at the expense of
the United States, and, until discharged therefrom, shall he
subject to the rules and articles of war, and shall, in all
respects not set forth in the provisions and limitations of
this act, be organized in the same manner with the p?f sent
regiment of mounted riflemen of the United States A i my.
And be it further enacted, That the satd volunteers so
offering their services, may be accepted by the President
hi companies or squadrons, whose officers shall be appointed
m the same manner prescribed by law in the severai States
and Territories to which said companies and squadrons
shall belong.
And be it further enacted, That the volunteers who may
be received into the service of the United States by virtue
of this act, and who may be wounded or otherwise disabled
in the service, shall he entitled to all the benefits which
may be conferred by existing laws on other persons
wounded or disabled in the service of the United States.
And bo it further enacted, That the pay of said volun-
teers, including compensation for the use and risk of hoises
not killed in action, shall be as follows: For officers or' all
grades, the pay and emoluments of the like grade in the
present corps of mounted riflemen of the United States
Army ; for sergeants, $1 25 per day; for corporals, black-
smiths, farriers, and musicians, $1 10 per day; and for
pn\ates.$l perday: Prooidedhouever, That if any mounted
volunteer, other than a commissioned officer, shall not
keep himself provided with a serviceable horse and with
serviceable horse equipments, the said volunteer shall
serve on foot, and shall forfeit one half his monthly p^y
during the services of such regiment, dismounted: And
provided further, That the pay herein allowed shall be m
lieu of .ill pay, allowances, and bounties, now authorized
by law, except rations, clothing, and commutation in
money of clothing, and except all such claims as maybe
valid under existing laws, foi wounds or disability incurred
in service, or for horses killed in acuon.
And be it further enacted, That the President be, and he
is hereby authorized to prescribe and to vary, from time to
time, ab may be m his judgment expedient, the arms and
equipments of the voluntee/s authorized to be accepted, or
any portion thereof.
And be it further enacted, That, in the event that any
poilionof the Army of the United Stales, now serving on
foot, shall, as provided in section second of an act ;,to
increase the rank and file of the Army, and to encourage
enlistments,>? approved June 17, lboU, be caused to serve
as mounted troops, the said troops, it not exceeding in all
four companies, shall be on the same footing as regard* pay
and allowances with the present regiment of mounted rifle-
men of the United States Army.
And be it further enacted, That the officers and men of
the two regiments of cavalry provided for by this aci, shall
be entitled to the same provisions for wounds and disabil-
ities, and their widowsand children to the same allowances
and benefits, in every respect, as are allowed to those of
other troops composing the Army of the United State*; and
the officers and men shall be Miiiject to the rules and arti-
cles of war; and the men shall be recruited in the ?ame
manner as other troops, and with the same conditions and
limitations.
Mr. HUNTER, I do not offer this yet; but
I shall offer it when the second branch of the prop-
osition of the Senator from Illinois comes under
consideration. I mean the proposition to provide
for raising three thousand volunteers. I am not
quite ready to fill the blank in my amendment, but
1 suppose it should be filled with about two mil-
lions of dollars.
Mr. STUART. Thehonorable Senator from
Texas, [Mr. Houston,] is entitled to the floor,
and I do not wish to detain it from him, but 1 rise
to suggest to the Senator from Virginia, to have
his amendment printed. That will give us time
to examine it before it be finally acted upon.
Mr. SHIELDS. If I understand the matter,
