1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
part of them on the alert, reconnoitring and scout-
ing) of just sixty men. There were sixty men
out of three companies! Now, how many men
constitutes company?
Mr. SHIELDS. Sixty-four.
Mr HOUSTON. They have not one-third of
the requisite number. The amount at a fort
where there are two companies, is thirty men.
This is the protection you afford to Texas. The
commanding general of that military department,
as I before stated, has said, that an Indian shall
not come within twenty miles of the forts, or he
will be shot. Weil, sir, I should feel a little tick-
lish were I in his position, and had so small a force.
It may be wise in this officer to keep the Indians
at a distance. If he can keep them twenty miles
off, they will never attack his forts. We have
no efficient force in Oregon. I have discovered in
looking over the reports that at the fort, at the
ferry house, where the massacre of such unpre-
cedented atrocity took place, there were but four
soldiers. TJtns is the protection your Army
affords!
Now, sir, is it politic to increase the regular
force of the United States ? To govern a country
well, where intelligence predominates over selfish-
ness and interest, i think the smaller the army is
the better. I have had some experience in that;
and it does seem to me that the army is rather a
fine little thing kept for show than any useful pur-
pose. It is very well to take care of arms and
ordnance stores, and army stores which would be
useful in time of war. It is necessary, I think,
to have an army for that purpose. You may
have as great a stock of science as you please;
but it does not follow that you are bound to make
an officer of every gentleman you educate at West
Point. I do not think it would be wise policy to
extend the Army to suit the establishment of the
Military Academy, but rather the Military Acad-
emy to the interests and exigencies of the country.
That is my opinion about the Army.
The nominal number of the Army is fourteen
thousand. There is not a vacancy, I presume, for
an officer in the whole service. According to the
data 1 have before me, and the items I have given,
1 suppose there are about four thousand five hun-
dred men in theservice. To make the actual num-
ber of fourteen thousand complete, you would
have to make the nominal force three times four-
teen thousand. Let the head of the Department
show that they can keep this establishment per-
fect before they go to ingrafting new limbs on it,
in its present imperfect condition. Let the trunk
be sound before you graft it. I know that the
officers will never be less than the establishment;
and if the soldiers be less than the establishment,
it shows that it is too large, and ought rather to
be reduced. Whenever we see that the present
establishment is kept in order, and the requisite
number of men to make it complete, always in the
service, it will commend itself to consideration;
and if a greater amount of force or a larger estab-
lishment be necessary, it would be acceded to. I
do not, however, now see any necessity for it. If
you increase it, it will never get less. We know
that, even when the Army is increased in time of
war, there is difficulty in reducing it to a peace
establishment afterwords. It has always been the
case, and always will be, that a man, by once
holding an office temporarily, acquires a claim to
it which is enforced by relatives and friends; and
the Army thereby will become an eye-sore to the
people and a carbuncle upon the body-politic.
H may be asked, sir, how I would furnish pro-
tection to the emigrants who travel on the plains
to California and Oregon. I would fix a proper
season at which they should take their departure
from Fort Laramie. I would have them depart
in companies, each company consisting of about
one thousand emigrants. Out of these one thou-
sand, the usual proportion would be about two
hundred and fifty men. I would give them a
fuard of two hundred and fifty more, making: five
undred men to each company. I would have
them start in three several bodies in the course of
the year, so that they should accomplish the trip
properly, and let them start at such distances that
they should not be more than one hundred mites
apart, In this way they would be enabled to
march across the plains without difficulty. I
would have a fort at each end of the road to pre-
vent the passage of a company incompetent to
defend themselves, and not let them undertake to
cross the wilderness alone. This is the course
which I would pursue, and, I think, in this way
perfect security would be given to the emigrants.
Thus, if our citizens would make the venture,
they would have an escort and a protection capa-
ble of resisting all the Indian power which might
come upon them.
Sir, in the course of my remarks I have said
some things which might seem to bear upon the
officers of the Army as a class. My partialities
for military men, and for gentlemen of the Army,
are of a character not to be doubted. I know their
high-toned feeling, their honorable bearing, and
their chivalry; and when I commented upon some
of them, I only spoke of such as brought them-
selves within the purview of my remarks by im-
propriety of conduct, deserving the reprobation of
every man who appreciates honorable feelings,
integrity, and truthfulness. As a class, however,
I admire and respect them. I have experienced
their hospitalities. Once I enjoyed their associa-
tion with pleasure; and my recollections of early
habits, formed in their companionship, always
mark a verdant spot in memory's waste. It is
only the guilty and the culpable that I condemn.
Sir, I believe the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs has withdrawn that
portion of the amendment relating to the appoint-
ment of three commissioners to treat with the In-
dians. I have, therefore, nothing to say about that
proposition, as it is one of the things which are
gone by. IJut, Mr. President, if we wish to do
good to the Indians, we have it in our power; if
we wish to destroy them, we can starve them out.
1 f we intend to save them, we can do it by appeal-
ing to their best feelings. There is one pathway
to an Indian's heart. If you show him thai com-
forts and benefits are to result to his wife and
children, you may command him absolutely and
he yields implicitly. He has no opposing thought
to then* interest. I have always seen that if you
could impress an Indian with the conviction that
comfort and security would inure to his squaw
and pappooses, from the adoption of a particular
policy, he would submit to it. My colleague [Mr,
Rubic,] knows that this is the way to the heart of
an Indian. The proudest warrior is humiliated at
the thought of his wife and little ones being in the
least uncomfortable. Wheneveran Indian intends
to conciliate the whites, he brings his family and
settles as near as he can to a foit or agency, and
says "here are the hostages I give you for my
fidelity to you; if I do wrong, 1 know they will
suffer; they are dearer to me than my life." The
Indians can be brought around trading-houses.
I have lost all hope of the stations in Texas
doing any good. I would not have more than
twenty-five men at a tradmghouse to give protec-
tion, m the event of any ebullition among the In-
dians of a violent character. It would be eniirely
accidental if such a necessity happened around the
trading houses, as to require protection to be given
to the caravans emigrating to California and Ore-
gon. I would encourage the Indians in the arts
of peace. You need no armies; you need no In-
dian allies to butcher them. Ail you have to do
is to maintain your faith in cariying out the trea-
ties which have been made, and not directly or
indirectly encourage men to violate every princi-
ple of honor and humanity, and deride even faith
itself.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President, as
a member of the Committee on Military Affairs,
who concurred in the amendment which has been
submitted by the Senator from Illinois, the chair-
man of that committee, I feel that it is my duty,
not only to the chairman, but to myself, to express
to the Senate, as briefly as I may, the reasons
which influenced my judgment in assenting to the
proposition submitted by him.
The amendment of the Committee on Military
Affairs is moved on the recommendation of the
President of the United States, sustained by a
communication from the Secretary of War. At
this point, sir, I may be allowed to say that this
debate is one very anomalous in the history of
legislation. I confess that I find myself some-
what embarrassed, when I stand here to advocate
a proposition emanating directly from the head of
an Administration to which 1 am known to be
opposed in its general policy, and the introduction
of which into office, 1 strenuously resisted. My
position is somewhat anomalous when I behold
those gentlemen who were so active, energetic, and
clamorous in giving being and existence to this
Administration, standing out in bold opposition
and defiance to its suggestions Why, sir, instead
of finding the distinguished Senator from Texas
in the very van—instead of perceiving his white
plume leading on the Administration forces upon
this great question—we find him in opposition to
the Administration. I confess, this strikes me with
much astonishment. Great as is this astonish-
ment, it is not at all lessened by another fact—that
I behold the distinguished Senator from Virginia,
the right arm of this Administration, standing out
in opposition to one of its recommendations. Under
such circumstances, it is with the utmost deference
that I attempt to say a word in vindication of this
proposition.
1 am very happy that the seeming misunder-
standing between my friends and colleagues on
the committee, the Senator from Illinois and the
Senator from California, has been removed this
morning. The difference was more seeming than
real. There was not, in point of fact and sub-
stance, any real difference between them. That
has been adjusted; and I come now to consider
very briefly the reasons and circumstances under
which this recommendation of the committee has
been presented to the Senate.
You will remember, sir, that but a few days
ago we received from the Chief Executive of the
nation, whose peculiar province and duty it is,
under theOonstitution, to take cognizance of the
safety and interests of the country, so far as its
defenses are concerned, a communication, in which
he advised us—of what? The fact that he had
received such information from the officers of the
Government as to satisfy his mind that, unless
some ypeedy action were taken by the Congress
of the United States, Indian hostilities of the most
terrific character were to be expected upon our
borders. In view of the imminency of the danger
which imperiled us, and in the solemn discharge
of one of the highest responsibilities devolved upon
the Executive, he felt himself constrained to in-
form Congress of that fact; and, as a means of
protecting the interest of the country, of guarding:
its safety, and of preserving the lives of its citi-
zens, he called on Congress, in the most earnest
and impressive manner, to place at hia disposal a
force sufficient to avert these evils.
Now, sir, I ask you, and I ask every Senator
here, whether a communication euch as that,
coming to us with all the solemnities and sanc-
tions with which it comes, is not entitled, at least,
to respectful consideration. When gentlemen rise
in the Senate, and tell us that there is no necessity
for such an armed force, they come in direct col-
lision with the President of the United States, and
assume to know more than he does upon this
delicate and important subject, though it is his
province and his duty to know and understand
the whole question.
The matter does not stop there. The President
of the United States, in the exercise of a power
conferred on him by the Constitution and the
laws, has selected a gentleman to preside over the
military department of the Government. In his
wisdom and judgment he has selected a gentleman
whom he believes to be eminently qualified for the
discharge of the duties of the station. The whole
country have acquiesced in that decision. It has
been considered that the appointment was judi-
ciously made. Then, when that officer,the second
in command, so far as we are concerned, comes
and says to us, that there is a necessity for im-
mediate action, should we doubt it? I will read
his own language, and I beg to commend it to my
friends on the other side of the Chamber, who
differ from the President and the Secretary of War
on this subject, and who assume to know more
than they have dared to communicate to us. In
his communication, the Secretary of War says:
" Since tiie date ofthat report, intelligence received from
officers on the frontier, and throug   the D -partmentof the
Interior Iroru Indian agents, and other sou ices, show that
the Indians of the western prairies and mountains are in
hostile and defiant attitude, that several of those tribes
have entered into combinations for the purpose of making
a general war upon the whites during the approaching
spring and summer, and that those tribes can bring into the
field from four to six or eight fhoHf-and warri rs. Had the
increase of the Army, which was urged m my report of
December, 18,>3, been, at an early period, authorized, the
foice at ihe disposal of the Department woull have been
eufficieot to prevent these combinations, and, in aft pmba-
biluy, would have preserved the lives of many valuable cit-
izens from ludian massacre. This measure, however, 1 a?
not been acted on, and at tbia advanced period, should the
