444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
employments. What is the use of talking about
making the establishment commensurate with the
present wants, if you cannot keep up the present
establishment to the necessities and exigencies of
the country? Let them do that, and expose the
fallacy of the theory which says, that we must
keep on increasing the Army until we get the
requisite number to keep up to the established
standard. Let them reduce the officers to the
number of men. That is the way to do it. We
must have some criterion to go by; and until we
do it we shall never have an efficient Army. The
Army is small enough. Its efficiency is the great
object. Now, fourteen thousand men are suffi-
cient for all the exigencies of the country; and we
must have some mode to give the emigrants secu-
rity, or they must go at their own hazards or
adventure. I desire to give them protection.
You have to rely upon the disposition of the In-
dians for security to our emigrants. Unless you
conciliate them, all the armies we can take will
never give the emigrants protection. What kind
of protection can you give to emigrants for a space
of fifteen hundred or eighteen hundred miles. You
can give no protection at any distance where
the troops would be a mile apart, for the unpro-
tected emigrants might be attacked and slaugh-
tered before any succor could come to them. Sir,
it is the feelings of the Indians which you have to
conciliate; it is their friendship, their confidence
you must obtain. Treat them with justice and
liberality, and a hundredth part of the money
wh;ch you spend in supporting the Army will
keep them faithful. They will not violate a treaty
unless the aggression is commenced by the whites.
A few outlaws of a tribe may, but in such a case
the tribe will not sacrifice its annuities for the lives
of outcasts. It will either execute them or hand
them over to the military authority of the country
for condign punishment.
In this way, a few examples would have an
electric influence upon all the tribes, for they have
a more direct communication than the United i
States Government possesses with all its mail J
facilities, until it establishes a telegraph. They j
carry intelligence a hundred miles in twenty-four I
hours, and do you think that the laying off of this
town m Kansas is not already communicated to
every tribe of Indians in the prairies? Yes, it is;
they know that the white man has told the In-
dians, the Delawares, a lie; they know they have
stolen their land; they know there is no faith to
be reposed in them. Keep faith with them,s-end
men who are wise and instructed in the Indian
disposition and character, and they will give you
peace—my life upon it. You have not a solitary
man between the Mississippi and the Pacific coast
but knows that all the money in the Treasury
lavished, will never give you peace or protection
to the emigrants, until you have the confidence
and (he friendship of the Indians. Were you
to pay ten thousand, or a hundred thousand, or
two hundred thousand dollars to keep the troops
there, they would render no aid of importance to
the emigrants, unless you secure the friendship of
the Indians. Whenever that is secured you will
have peace, but as long as you rely on military
force to give protection to the emigrants, you will
not have peace.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. TheSen&torfrom
Texas falls back again upon his old subject. I do
not question anything he Bays about Indian char-
acter. 1 told him in the beginning, that I would
not differfrom him on that point, But. the Senator
says if we send the commissioners there with five
hundred men, he will lay down hia life if they
do not effect peace with the Indians. Now, Mr.
President, there is nothing m the proposition of
the committee that conflicts with that at all. The
committee recommend the appointment of three
commissioners; you may send them in advance
of the Army, or you may send them with five
hundred men, or with one hundred men; but I
say again, we must provide for the safety of the '
country in the possibility of a failure. The Sen- !
ator's saying that he believes the commissioners j
would succeed, does not secure that result. I j
have no doubt he believes it sincerely; but where ,
interests so vast and important as these are sus- 1
pended, it will not do to take the mere judgment
of any faliable man. He expresses an opinion .
predicated upon large experience. I am willing I
that thai opinion shall be taken in its fullest i
extentj but still, if he were endowed with infinitely I
more wisdom than he has, and all the experience
upon the earth combined together in regard to the
Indians, I would not be willing to hazard thelives
of American citizens upon a mere opinion. We
seek to make the thing safe as far as we can.
We wish to send the commissioners in advance,
with a small detachment. If they make peace
there will be no necessity for sending a military
force, and they can be disbanded with the slight
expense which may have been incurred; but if the
commissioners fail, we want something upon which
we can rely; we want some guarantee, some pro-
tection for the lives ©f the women and children
who may be in danger. That is the difference
between the Senator and myself.
The Senator alluded to a remark which I made,
and which I made most respectfully, without in-
tending any disrespect, that I thought he had not
touched the main question. Perhaps I could not
see it, because of an obtuseness of perception on
my part. I am willing, in deference to the Sena-
tor, to suppose it was so; but, sir, if he touched
it, and I was not able to see that he did—if I am
not able to see " what is not to be seen"—-f hope
he will pardon my blindness. If I went under the
question, the Senator will allow me to say, in the
most complimentary terms, that m his eloquence
and sympathy for the Indians, instead of de-
scending to it, he went so far above it as to be
beyond the ken of ordinary perceptions. He was
as much above it as I may have been below it.
The Senator says, why increase your army?
You have fourteen thousand nowasthelegolforce;
but, according to the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois, eleven thousand of actual force. The hon-
orable Senator from Texas says you cannot keep
the fourteen thousand full,and, therefore, why at-
tempt to raiseany otherregiments? Mr. President,
if that is not an argument perfectly conclusive, I
give it up! You have ten regiments. The deficit
in the army occasioned by death, sickness, expi-
ration of time, and desertion, amounts to an
average of ten per cent. The Senator's argument
is, do not increase it to twenty, because you can
not keep ten regiments up now. You would only
have the same deficit in the increased number of
regiments. You have a deficit now of four thou-
sand in the legal force of fourteen thousand. In-
crease the number t© eighteen thousand, and you
will have the same proportion of deficit, so that
instead of having eleven thousand in actual ser-
vice, you will have but fourteen thousand. There
is the dilFt-rence—a very plain one to everybody.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not say it was neces-
sary to send any troops. You may, if you please,
not send five hundred. You need not send them
unless to guard against accident. There is no
war, sir, to defend. There are no aggressions on
the part of the Indians. They have made no war.
They intend not to make any other war than such
as may be necessary to repel the aggression of the
whites. The war in California was made by out-
laws, as has been reported by the accredited officer
of the Government. They were outlaws, and no
resistance was made by the Indians. On the line
from Fort Laramie, where all this mighty flame
has burst up, it was an aggression upon the In-
dians. No war was made by their bands. They
took no lives, but they took some property, as a
remuneration for the outrage committed upon
them, so that the war is on our part; and as far
as they have gone, it is a moderate measure of
retaliation that they have meted out, when you
consider the disposition of the Indians. There
is no war. It is a cry of war; but there is no
war. The commissioners could reach there much
sooner than the army could, and they will give
peace. After these aggressions had been com-
mitted by the whites, and the Indians wished
to approach Port Laramie and make concessions,
the officer there would not receive them, nor
permit it to be done. That does not look like
hostility on the part of the Indians. It looks like
hostility on the part of the officers. The officers
treat them like dogs; they offer every indignity to
them; they spurn them like so many curs about
their places, and will not let thera come within
twenty miles of their garrisons, if an enemy is
about to invade them, if a soldier has been killed,
any depredation done, or-any combination is
forming to steal horses or mules from the garrison,
a friendly Indian will not dare to come to advertise
the officer of it, and put him on his guard. It is
the incompetency of our officers, their ignorance
of the characters, necessities, and true interests of
the Indians, that involves us in difficulty. They
ought to be instructed, or displaced by the Presi-
dent of the United States, and competent men, of
wisdom and discretion, who have a regard for
their honor, and the honor of the country, should
be sent out. That will give us peace and security,
and nothing else will'give it. "We cannot guard
a frontier of five hundred, or a thousand, or ten
thousand miles. You cannot keep a line of soldiers
there. As I tell you, the forts in Texas are of
no use. The Indians can penetrate to the sea-
board, and commit aggressions, and not pass
within twenty miles of a fort; so that it is per-
fectly ridiculous. Establish commerce, make
treaties, show the Indians that it is their interest
to maintain faith on their part, and to punish their
outlaws, and, if you will punish yours, you will
have as perfect harmony as there is between
Maryland and Virginia.
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 29, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
EXPEDITION IN SEARCH OF DU. KANE.
The SPEAKER laid before the J3ouse a com-
munication received from the Hon. James Pol-
lock, Governor of the State of Pennsylvania,
transmitting the copy of a preamble and resolu-
tion, adopted by the Legislatureof that State, now
in session, entitled " A resolution in favor of an
expedition to rescue Dr. Kane and the crew of
the Advance," requesting that the same be laid
before the House of Representatives.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the communi-
cation and resolution be referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CHANDLER. I rise with a view of call-
ing the attention of the House to the subject re-
ferred to in the resolution of the Legislature of the
State of Pennsylvania, and of asking the consent
of the House that I may direct attention to the
joint resolution which is on the Speaker's table,
from the Senate, with reference to an expedition
for the rescue of Dr. Kane. 1 desirethat that joint
resolution may be read, and that I may be allowed
to offer a word of explanation; after which, I pre-
sume, no gentleman will oppose taking action upon
it; and on the passage of such resolution 1 ask the
previous question.
The resolution indicated, was reported, as fol-
lows:
Senate resolution No. 33, respecting the Arctic expedition,
commanded by Passed Assistant Surgeon E. K. Kane.
Hctoh eil, <S*c., That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is
hereby, authorized to provide and di-patch a suitable riaval
or other steamer, and, if necessary, a tender, to the Arctic
t^ca^, tor the purpose of rescuing orafiordmg relief to Parsed
A-distant Surgeon E. K. Kane, of the United >3iat^ Navv,
and the officers and men under his command : Provided,
Such s-teamer and tender shall he officered and manned by
volunteer*, tmm the Ndvy, and others who may declare
their willingness to be so engaged.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 desire to offer a word of
explanation 
j Mr. FLORENCE. Oh,never mind; it is un-
: necessary, as everybody is in favor of the propo-
' sition.
Mr. CHANDLER. Of course; still, if allowed,
I will offer an explanation to meet any single
objection that may be made; and then I move the
previous question.
Mr. COBB. I desire to know whether this
subject is regularly before the House; and if not,
I object to its introduction.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. "Cobb] will allow me to make one
word of explanation, I am sure he will not object.
Mr. COBB. If I am allowed, I will make this
brief statement: The Committee on Public Lands
stand here ready to present reports and cannot
do so, and they labor under the disadvantage of
appearing to be careless in the discharge of their
duty. Other committees are, every day, allowed
to take precedence of the Committee on Public
Lands and present their reports, whereas that
committee has been trying for the last four weeks,
and cannot get an opportunity of reporting.
Mr. ORR. This matter is not a report from a
committee. I ask the gentleman from Alabama
to withdraw his objection.
