448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29-
Census, from the 1st of July to the 1st of Decem-
ber. This bill proposes to give them an addi-
tional compensation of some $400 each.
I will slate further, for the benefit of the House,
that the Superintendent of the Census has resigned
his position. He resigned, I think, about the
Jat of December, and gentlemen who have an
apprehension that the Census is to become a per-
manent fixture upon the Government, may have
those apprehensions removed at once. I move the
previous question upon the passage of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. ROGBINS. I ask the gentleman from
South Carolina, before he calls the previous ques-
tion, to allow me to offer an amendment to the
joint resolution, so as to embrace the clerks in the
State Department. They have been omitted in all
the acts to which he has referred. They have
never had any advantage from those acts of which
other clerks have received the benefit.
Mr. ORR. I should be glad to accommodate
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, but I could not
in good faith, allow an amendment to come in now,
of which the House was not advertised when the
vote was taken to suspend the rules. I must,
therefore, insist on the demand for the previous
question.
The previous question received a second; and
the main question was ordered to be put.
The joint resolution was then ordered to a third
reading, and was subsequently read a third time,
and passed.
Mr. ORR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONTESTED ELECTION CASE.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the consent of the
House to introduce a resolution, accompanied by
a brief report from the Committee on Elections, to
provide for the payment of Mr. Ingersoll, an ex-
sneinher of Congress, for services in theTwenty-
Sixth Congress. I hope the resolution will be
read for information, in order that the House may
understand the merits of the claim.
Mr. OLDS. What are you going to do
with u ?
Mr. SEWARD. To have it passed.
Mr. OLDS. Not now?
Mr. SEWARD. I am going to try.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolfcd, That tho Cl'-ik of tins pay to Oli.irlo«s J
IlWwiM, of Pennsylvania, nut of the c uiun^'iit luud, lh<1
Mimr p<;r ilicni and nnioa-if a-, allouvd to of
oohjrrvss, computing Mm* sriini' 1'iom thr eonmii'nrrnif'nt of
tho T\v«>nt>-Si\rh 10 itm • Otli d;iv of Julv, 1.^10,
lor contt'stJiit* the srat brtwj'n ium and Cliatle*
J\ij}lor, Ui.U briny Uie day on winch tlio t'u^c wa-> deeidrd.
Mr. LF/TV j \ I object fo that resolution.
Mr. SEWARD. Then i move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon that motion.
.The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SEVVA-RD. I axk the consent of the
House to make a brief explanation in reference to
this matter.
Mr. LETCHER. If the resolution is debated,
does it not go over?
The SPE/VKEll. Certainly it does.
Mr. SEWARI). i do not desire to debate it,
unless the House is willing to hear a brief expla-
nation.
Mr. LETCHER. It was debated last session,
and the session before, and the session before fhnt.
The SPEAKER. In cases where the States
are regularly called for resolutions, the rule to
which the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher]
refers would operate, and the resolution would go
over if debate should arise upon it. But the prop-
osition now before the House, is to suspend the
rules for the purpose of introducing the resolution.
The resolution is not yet before the body.
Mr. SEWARD. I have not troubled the
House much this session, and I hope 1 shall be
allowed to make a brief explanation connected
with this matter.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the gentleman from Georgia be al-
lowed to make a brief explanation?
No objection was made.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. Speaker, the resolution
which I desire to introduce, is intended to provide
for the payment of an amount which, I think, is
justly due to Mr. Ingersoll. The House will
probably remember, that, in the Twenty-Sixth
Congress, there was a very protracted dispute,
growing out of the New Jersey contested election.
At the same time there was a contest pending
between Mr. Ingersoll and Mr. Naylor from the
State of Pennsylvania. Owing to the great im-
portance of, and the great interest felt in referenee
to the New Jersey contest, the Pennsylvania con-
test was deferred and delayed until it was settled.
Mr. Ingersoll came here, commissioned by-the
Governor of Pennsylvania; Mr. Naylor came here,
with the certificate of the judges of election, which
grew out of a peculiar statute m the State of Penn-
sylvania. Mr. Naylor took the oath, and was
admitted to a seat upon this floor. Subsequent
to that time, a few (Jays afterwards, Mr. Charles
J. Ingersoll contested his seat.
Now, I hold it to be a sound principle, that
whenever a member comes here commissioned
by the State, lie ought to receive compensation,
whether he is allowed to take a seat upon this
floor or not. I do not believe that any member of
this House can assign any good reason why a,
person coming here, with a commission in his
hand, if his claim to a seat is rejected, should
not be entitled to pay. No man of sense, being
clothed with that authority, would stay at home,
and not come here and contest his right to a seat.
A Member. Pay has always been allowed in
such cases.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not know what the
practice may have been. I do not know of any
settled precedents in politics, legislation, or any-
thing else just now. The whole country is per-
fectly at sea. But I go upon the principles of
ri^ht. It was the duty of Mr. Ingersoll to come
here. He owed it to the district that elected him,
or that cast its vote for him. It was his duty,
under the Constitution, to come here, and if, unfor-
tunately, the House decided against him, either
by the force of party power, or from any other
consideration, and excluded him from a seat, it is
unjust to lefuse to pay him.
Having said thus much, if the House is not
willing to pay him, I shall not feel aggrieved.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire, with the
permission of the House, to say just a word or
two. My own opinion is, that the House which
decides a contest for a seat upon this floor, should
decide, also, whether the contestant shall be paid
or not. lie should not be paid by a subsequent
House. For one, I never vote to pay a contestant
unless he establishes his right to a seat, or that the
sitting member is not entitled to the seat which he
occupies.
The question now being upon the suspension of
the rules,
Mr. DAWSON demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURN", of Maine. They have
already been refused.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been refused by the House.
The question was then taken on Mr. Seward's
motion; and (two thirds not voting in favor there-
of) the rules were not suspended.
BUSINESS OF THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. STANTON", of Tennessee. I send a reso-
lution to the Clerk's desk, which I have been
instructed to offer by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and if there is any objection to it, I shall
move to suspend the rules.
i will state, with the permission of the House,
that many important matters have been placed in
I the hands of the Judiciary Committee, which, we
think, could bedisposed of in a day, and which it
is of great consequence to the country to have
taken up and acted on. I am only doing my duty
m offering the resolution, and I hope there will be
no objection to it.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the 7h d iv of February next be set apart
for the "OhMciorauon of busiriessof a public character report-
ed, or to be leportrd, by the Committee oil the Judiciary.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to the resolution.
Mr. STANTON. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. BLISS. I ask for tellers on that motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Olds, and
Taylor of Tennessee, were appointed.
Mr. HENN. I call for the yeas and nays. I
want to see if one committee is going to have pre-
cedence over another in this House.
the tellers re-
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the t
ported—ayes 100, noes 24.
So the rules of the House were suspended.
BUSINESS OF THE NAVAL COMMITTEE.
Mr. BOCOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask to be ex-
cused from further service on the Committee on
Naval Affairs of this House; and I want to state,
very briefly, the reason why 1 do so. The Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs some time ago, in last
session, matured several important bills to bs
presented to the House. The whole of the session,
however, was employed in the discussion of other
matters; and although some of the features of
these bills were added to the naval appropriation
bill, while it was under consideration here, they
were ruled to be out of order. Gentlemen on all
sides of the House told us then, " This is not the
time, nor is it the place, for the consideration of
these questions." We were promised by various
gentlemen—among others, by the gentleman from
Alabama, I think, [Mr. Houston]—that, at the
proper time, and under proper circumstances, the
Committee on Naval Affairs should have a hearing
for the business which they had prepared with
great care and great labor. This session of Con-
gress has come, and it has gone to this point.
During its progress, from its opening until now,
what has the House done* It has set apart and
consumed a considerable length of time in the dis-
cussion of the Pacific railroad bill, which has
resulted in nothing. We had submitted this
morning, by the honorable gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Breckwmdge,J a proposition to set
apart a particular day for the consideration of
what I consider to be in the nature of a private
bill—the bill to pay the Texas creditors. We
have particular days set apart for theconsideration
of territorial business. Under these circumstances
I submitted, this morning, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, a proposition to appropnate two
days for the consideration of important business
of this committee—business of thehighest import-
ance; business which the Departments have been
urging upon the attention of Congress; business
which the whole country is calling for action upon
at the hands of this Congress. When I submitted
the proposition it was voted down. The gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] subse-
quently came forward and asked to have a partic-
ular day set apart for the consideration of business
of the Judiciary Committee. Immediately after
the rejection of the proposition to set apart time
for the consideration of business of the Naval
Committee, the proposition of the gentleman from
Tennessee, for a similar object, is agreed to. It
seems to me, therefore, to be entirely unnecessary,
Mr. Speaker, that the Committee on Naval
Affairs should mature any further business. At
any rate, it seems to me to be entirely improper
that 1, who have asked this favor from the House,
and been refused it, should continue longer in the
position which I occupy on the Committee on
Naval Affairs. I ask, therefore, to be excused
from further service upon it.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I submit a
question of order, whether, after the suspension
of the rules, the motion of the gentleman from
Virginia is of such a privileged character as that
it would be in order at this time ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to another ques-
tion of order. The time appropriated for terri-
torial business has now, I believe, arrived.
Mr. STANTON. The rules have been sus-
pended. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. OLDS. I rise to a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that, ac-
cording to the practice of the House since he has
served in this body, a gentleman is allowed at any
time to ask to be excused from serving on a com-
mittee. It is a convenient rule, at least; and, in
the opinion of the Chair, it is courteous and proper
that the question should be put whether the gen-
tleman from Virginia will be excused.
Mr. PHILLIPS. If that is the question before
the House, would it be in order to make a remark
on the subject as to whether the House should ex-
cuse the gentleman from serving on the Committee
on Naval Affairs?
The SPEAKER. That debate, then, must be
a very limited one.
Mr. PHILLIPS. It will be, sir, so far as I
am concerned.
