1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
approval or disapproval, take them subject to that
risk. It is declared by public law, with which
every man i3 necessarily assumed to be con-
versant, (hat such territorial acts will be of no
validity if, when presented to Congress, they
should meet with its disapproval. Therefore, any
man, no matter whether he was a party or privy
to any of these extraordinary transactions, when
he took a venture under a territorial act which
had never been presented to Congress, necessarily
took it at the risk, and subject to the right, of dis-
approval upon the part of Congress.
&ow, sir, at this stage of the session, and
especially as my attention has been called to the
urgency of time by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Richardson,] it strikes me that it will be
better to call the previous question, unless there is
some strong reason upon the part of some one
why it should not be done. I propose, therefore,
unless the gentleman from Illinois objects, to put
the resolution upon its passage, and to call the
previous question.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have no objection to
the course the gentleman proposes to pursue. I
know of no reason why the resolution should not
be passed at once. My suggestion was for the
purpose of economizing time.
Mr. HUGHES. I understood my colleague in
his remarks to implicate the conduct of the district
attorney for the Territory of Minnesota. Now,
sir, I rise simply for the purpose of asking the
House—that gentleman being from the State of
New York, which 1 have the honor in part to rep-
resent—not to come to any hasty conclusion un-
friendly to that officer, or in referenceto the conduct
of that officer, until they have had an opportunity
of knowing definitely in relation to the facts of
which my colleague speaks.
Mr. CUTTING. 1 can furnish the gentleman
with definite information in relation to the matter
of which he speaks. Upon the investigation of
those who have the right to investigate and the
power to act, and in answer to a resolution of this
House, we have here the report of the Attorney
General, which has been printed and distributed
amongst the members of the House, which sets
forth the proceedings of the district attorney
They were, as it appears, so flagrant in their
character, that those who had the power and the
duty to adjudicate in reference to if, felt it to be
their duty forthwith to dismiss the district attor-
ney from office. Now, I apprehend it would be
unbecoming in this House to take any action to
call in question what has been done by these au-
thorities, or to go behind the proceedings of those
whoseduty ir was to make this investigation.
Mr. HUGHES. I have only to say in reply,
that I have heard of the rumor of which he speaks,
and that i have heard that it is only a rumor. 1
understand ihat the matter is still held in abeyance,
and that the district attorney of Minnesota has
not been removed. ! desire further to say that I ,i the bill introduced by my colleague at all. But,
time set apart for the consideration of territorial
businrss last session, and defeated the action of
the House upon many important measures. _ I
am satisfied that the bill was " conceived in sin,
and brought forth in iniquity." [Laughter.]
Enough has been said on the subject, and the
House is prepared to pass the joint resolution.
1, therefore, ask the gentleman trom New York,
if he is a friend to the Territories, to insist upon
the previous question. I hope the law will be
repealed. !
Mr. CUTTING. Under that request, which
I perceive is the unanimous desire of the House,
1 insist upon the demand for the previous question.
Mr. HUGHES. Will the gentleman waive it
for one moment?
[Loud cries of *' No!M <c No !"]
Mr. HUGHES. I have been misunderstood.
Mr. CUTTING. If the gentleman will look
at page forty of the official correspondence, he will
find that the Attorney General has returned to
! this House the fact, that thatdistrict attorney has
been removed from officc.
Mr. HUGHES. 1 wish to say a single word.
Mr CUTTING. No, sir; the House desires
that I should press the demand for the previous
question, and 1 must insist on it.
Mr. HUGHES. Well, I hope the House\vill
vote it down.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time, and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. CUTTING. I now demand the previous
question on the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Thejoint resolution was then passed.
Mr. CUTTING moved to reconsider the vote
by which it was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by Sidney Web-
ster, E^q., his Secretary.
TRANSIT RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. CUTTING. 1 have a further report to
make from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HUGHES. Will my colleague allow me
the floor for a moment ?
Mr. CUTTING. Yes, sir, I will yield to my
colleague for a moment.
Mr. HUGHES. 1 find that I have been mis-
understood. I was not opposed to the passage of
am personally acquainted with Mr. Warren, and !
that I know him to be an honorable, high-minded 1
gentleman, and I believe he would do nothing, as !
district attorney, incompatible with the public in- \
terest, or unbecoming his official position. But all i
I ask is that the House will not judge hastily in ]
relation to this person without affording him an i
opportunity of being heard. |
Now, sir, one word more. My colleague has !
inasmuch as my colleague rather animadverted on
the conduct of Mr. Warren, 1 asked the mem-
bers of the House not to prejudge the case until
Mr. Warren should have an opportunity of being
heard.
Mr. CUTTING. I so understood. I did not
understand that my colleague was opposed to the
joint resolution.
Mr. RICHARDSON". I rise to a question of
order, i object to the discussion eroing on, and
spoken of the argument made by the district attor-
ney in thecase which has been presented. I desire !j call both the gentlemen from New York to order,
to ask him if he has read theable argument made !j Mr. CUTTING. The Committee on the Judi-
by thedistrictattorney on that occasion, in defense ' ciary, to whom was referred the resolution to
of the United States?
Mr. CUTTING. If my colleague undertakes
to deny the charges made against the district attor-
ney , so be it.
Mr. HUGHES. Not at all.
Mr. CUTTING. But the district attorney's
guilt or innocence does not weigh a feather in de-
termining the matter before the House. The Ter-
ritorial Legislature of Minnesota have passed acts
wnich, it allowed to stand, will violate the will of
Congress, and I ask the House whether they will
delay their action now, because the gentleman
from New York desires to protect the district
attorney? No, Mr. Speaker, these are collateral
issues, and should be tried at the,proper time and
place, but not here.
Mr. LAN E, of Oregon, (Mr. Cutting yielding
the floor.) Mr. speaker, it will be well recollected
by every gentlernanhere that this bill occupied the
which I alluded sometime since, have also in-
structed me to report a joint resolution disap-
proving of what I may call the twin or sister ret
to this Northwestern ft-xilroad Company. On
the fame day that that corporation was created,
a territorial act was passed incorporating a rail-
i way, part and parcel of, and joining to this north-
western trunk, by the name of the Trans t Rail-
road Company, and we find that the Governor
and Secretary of that Territory are both of thfm
parties of and beneficiaries under this territorial
act. I am, therefore, instructed to report a bill to
the House.
Air. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order. By the resolution setting apart these three
days for territorial business, railroads were ex-
cluded, and f insist uponthe execution of the order.
Mr. CUTTING. This is the antipode of a
railroad.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I cannot help that. It
relates to a railroad.
Mr. CUTTING. Oh, no, to the public lands.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Everything in relation
to railroads is excluded by the order.
Mr. CUTTING. I demand the previous ques-
tion on thejoint resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
this is a railroad bill in the sense in which the
House made the order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If there are no more of
these railroad bills, I will waive the point of
order.
Mr. CUTTING. I have no more.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I will not press
the point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair wishes to decide
according to the law. The orderof the House
was, that railroad bills should be excepted. This
is not a railroad bill in the sense which the House
intended.
The joint resolution was then read a first and
second time by its title, as follows:
A joint resolution disapproving of the act of
the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Minnesota entitled "An act to incorporate the
Transit Railroad Company.'*
Mr. CUTTING. I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. PECKHAM. I only want to say one
word, and that is, how are we going to get along
with this u popular sovereignty "doctrine, estab-
lished by the compromise measures of 1850?
Mr. CUT TING. Certainly i shall not under-
take to instruct a gentleman so learned in those
matters as mv friend. [Laughter.]
Mr. PECKHAM. That is the only thing that
troubles my conscience.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Your conscience must
be very easy, if that is all that troubles it.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read a third time.
The question being on the passage of the joint
resolution,
Mr. CUTTING. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. I call for the yeas
and nays; and onthecallfor theyeas and nays, I
ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Preston
and Edmcndsoj* were appointed.
Mr. WAUREN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House do now resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The SPEAKER. The House being in the act
of dividing, the Chair thinks that the motion of
the gentleman from Arkansas is not in order.
The House was divided;and the tellers reported
—ayes forty-five—a sufficient number. So the
yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WARREN. I now move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. There is an additional rea-
son why that motion is not in order. The main
question has been ordered to be put, and that must
operate before the motion would be in order.
Mr. WARREN". Very well.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Will it be in order, Mr.
Speaker, to state the reason of a vote before the
name is called.
The SPEAKER. The Chair believes the rule
cuts off from all explanation of the reason of a
>ote.
The Clerk commenced to call the roll.
Mr. ROWE. I desire to ask a question.
The SPEAKER. It is nnt m order.
Mr. ROWE Then I cannot vote intelligently.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would call the
attention of the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr.
Warren] to an error which the Chair fell into.
The previous question has not been ordered, and,
therefore, the gentleman's motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
is in order.
Mr. WARREN. Then I insist upon my mo-
tion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would inquire of the
Chair whether the call of the roil had not com*
menced ?
