456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January SO,
annuity secured to him by the treaty of 1837, be-
tween the United States' and the Sioux Indians;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Mr. CLAYTON presented the petition of Fred-
erick Griffing, praying the payment of a balance
due him by the United States of the purchase
money for certain property at Brooklyn, s?old by
him to the Government; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. t
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of J. S.
Wright, remonstrating against the renewal of the
patents granted to Cyrus H. McCormick, Obed
Hussey, and More&HascaH, for improvements
,in reaping machines, unless, by a general law, ex-
tending all other patents issuea for those improve-
ments; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DAWSON presented the memorial of
John Shaw, praying compensation for his ser-
vices a a a spy on the frontier of the Upper Mis-
sissippi, during the last war with Great Britain,
and remuneration for provision and ammunition
furnished for the use of certain companies of rang-
ers during the said war; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ALLEN presented an additional document
relating to the petition of Christopher Cory, pray-
ing Congress to test his discovery in relation to
the " potato rot;" which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Agriculture.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of Ebene-
zer Clark, praying that the name of the schooner
Henry Plantagenet may be changed to A. G.
Brown; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of Oscar
F. Johnston, a passed midshipman in the United
States Navy, praying to be allowed the difference
of compensation between a midshipman and a
passed midshipman from the date of his promo-
tion to the date of his warrant; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a resolution of the
General Assembly of the State of Arkansas, in
favor of extending the limits of the Champagnalle
land district; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Hyacinth
Riopel, praying that the heirs of Ambrose* Eliopel
may be confirmed in their title to certain lands in
Michigan; which was referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the petition of
Anna Tongue, heir and legal representative of
John Stewart, deceased, praying to be allowed the
commutation pay due him as an officer in the rev-
olutionary war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. MORTON, it was
Ordered, That leave foe granted towithdiuw the petition j
and papers of Ualvm Ilead.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES. |
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-1
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of i
Lieutenant James Totten, United States Army, '
praying to be reimbursed expenses for selling at
auction certain United States commissary stores,
reported a bill for his relief; which was read and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution, authorizing the ,
Secretary of War to sell a portion of the site of i
the arsenal at Fayetteville, North Carolina, and :
to purchase other lands with the proceeds of such |
sale, reported it back without amendment. I
He also, from the same committee, to whom I
were referred the memorials of Lieutenant James ;
G. Benton, Brevet Major E. B. Babbitt, and j
Brevet Major James Lon^street, piaymg to be !
released from responsibility for certain United !
States subsistence stores obtained from them -
through fraud, for a party emigrating to California, :
submitted a report thereon, accompanied by a bill ■.
for their relief; which was read and passed to a';
second reading. The report was ordered to be .i
printed. j
Mr. GrWIN", from the Committee on Naval j
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of f
John Guest, a lieutenant in the United States j
Navy, prayin? extra compensation for surveying
on the coast between Appalachicola and the Mis- ■
iissippi, submitted a report, accompanied by a I,
bill for his relief; which was read and" passed to
a second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. GWIN asked and obtained the unanimous
consent of the Senate, to introduce a joint resolu-
tion for the relief of John G. Laub,a clerk in the
office of the First Comptroller of the Treasury;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
COLLINS LINE OF STEAMSHIPS.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to:
Re-soloed, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be requested to ascertain what the Collins
steamers have received from freights and passengers, from
the time they commenced running to the present time.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the Blouse of Representatives,
by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk, announced that
the House had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses, on the bill of the Senate for the
relief of Thomas Marston Taylor.
Also, that the House had passed the following
bills and joint resolutions:
A joint resolution to disapprove and disaffirm
an act of the Legislative Assembly of the Terri-
tory of Minnesota, entitled tk An act to incorporate
the Minnesota and Northwestern Railroad Com-
pany;"
A joint resolution disapproving of the act of
the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Minnesota, entitled "An act to incorporate the
Transit Railroad Company;"
A bill to enable the peoole of Oregon Territory
to form a constitution and S'ate government, and
for the admission of such State into the Union;
A joint resolution making an appropriation for
the purchase of Territorial libraries; and
A bill for the election of a military post on or
near the Pembina river, io the Territory of Min-
nesota, and for other purposes.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills: which
were thereupon signed by the President pro tem-
pore :
A bill for the relief of Joseph Webb;
A biil to repeal an act for the relief of the legal
representatives of Samuel Prioleau, deceased;
A bill for the relief of William Llarikins;
A bill for the relief of James Wright, ofTen-
ne?see; and
A bill for the relief of Zcbina Rawson.
WITHHOLDING OF APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to present a resolu-
tion of inquiry in regard to an abuse existing in
my State, the responsibility of which rests upon
the Departments here. I am tired of running to
the Department and asking the reasons for such
delays as 1 am about to bring to the notice of
the Senate; and now f wish to bring the matter
before the Senate, and to say that hereafter I shall
pursue the same course with them when they do
not attend to their business. I offer this resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the President be requested to cause the
Senate to be informed of the causes of the delays which
have occurred dmtnjj the years 1853 and 1854, in furnishing
the mar-dial ot the vvotern judicial district of the Stall' ol
Arkansas with the lund-« necessary to derray the expenses
of the district court of the United States lor the western
judicial district.
Mr. President, I know that the funds referred
to io this resolution have been regularly appro-
priated from year to year, fn May, 1853, a
requisition was made by the marshal for the i
amount deemed to be necessaiy to defray the ex- 1
penses of the court for the November term of j
1853. He gent estimates ot the necessary amount
six months in advance, but the funds were never
furnished to him by the Department until April, i
1854. Again, a requisition was forwarded about ■
the 4th of September, 1854, for the expenses of the
last November term, but the funds are not there
yet.
The laws require the marshals of the United
States to make prompt reports to the Department
of their expenditures, but it is impossible that
statements of their accounts can be returned here
within the time prescribed by law, if the subordi-
nates of the Department will not take such steps
as are necessary to have the funds at the proper
place to enable the marshals to use them to defray
the expenses of the courts. Since I have been a
member of Cong'ess, there have been constant
complaints from the officers of these courts, in
regard to the manner in which their monetary
affairs are conducted by the subordinates of the
Departments.
Sir, as I have said, I do not intend to make any
more complaints at the Departments in relation to
this matter; but I desire to have the inquiry made
by the Senate. It is evident, from the facts which
I have stated, that there is some strange neglect,
some outrageous abuse, and whoever is respon-
sible for it should be promptly dismissed by the
President. I do not know who is the cause of it,
and 1 do not inquire, for I do not wish to make
any personal assault upon him; but if the neglect
is not clearly and reasonably explained, he ought,
unquestionably, to be immediately dismissed from
the public service, whoever he may be.
The jurisdiction of the district court of the
United States for the western district of Arkansas
reaches beyond the limits of our State to the
boundary of New Mexico. The jurors are
brought to the court from distances of between
fifty and one hundred miles; and witnesses some-
times have to travel three hundred miles. The
witnesses and jurors do not receive their fees in
consequence of the funds not being there. They,
however, receive certificates of the amount to
which they are entitled, and they have to sell
these certificates in the town where the court is
held, at whatever discount may be required. I
am assured that poor people who have been sum-
moned as witnesses or jurors have actually been
compelled to sleep out of doors because they had
not received the money to which they were enti-
tled. They were not able even to get the com-
monest accommodations. Instances of that sort
have been known, and surely it is time that they
were corrected. Neglect which leads to such con-
sequcnces should be severely reprimanded.
As I have before stated, application has been
made for the necessary funds six months in ad-
vance, and estimates furnished to the Department,
showing for what purposes they would be needed,
but they were not furnished until months after the
court had adjourned. Neglect of this sort is so
outrageous, that I think the officer responsible for
it ought to be immediately removed, unless he
can satisfactorily explain the reasons for the
delay. I ask for the adoption of the resolution
which I have submitted.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I am glad that
this subject has been brought to the notice of the
Senate by the Senator from Arkansas, but I am
sorry that his resolution does not take a wider
range. What he says in relation to his own
State in regard to one officer, is true in regard to
all the branches of the public service in my State.
Instead of promptly sending there the money
which Congress appropriates for expenditures on
the public works, half the fiscal year is generally
lost before the money reaches there, and then the
matter is in such a complicated form that it is
mfficult to make the funds available at once. Sir
there is a radical defect in the system, somewhere!
It ought to be cured by Executive action, or by
legislation. I wish the Senator had presented hia
resolution in such a shape as to authorize the
Committee on Finance to inquire how it happens
that, when we have an overflowing Treasury,
with millions of dollars appropriated for the public
service, the money does not reach the place where
it is to be expended until half the fiscal year
expires. This is the case in my own State it
is a great evil, and it ought to be remedied.
The PRESIDENT It requires unanimous
consent to consider the resolution now.
Mr. CASS. I should like to hear it read.
lhe Secretary accordingly read it.
Mr. CASS. I did not call for the reading of
the resolution with any view to stop the progress
of the inquiry, but I wish to ask the honorable
senator whether the money has been drawn from
the Irensury ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know how that is.
1 suppose it has not been drawn, or it would have
reached th.> marshal.
Mr. CASS. 1 shall not oppose the resolution. I
wish to only say that it is not well for us here to
