1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45%
throw out imputations on the Executive officers.
There is great difficulty in scattering money pro-
fusely all over the country. We all know that
there are proper guards, explanations, and state-
ments, which are required at the Treasury. There
may be ail abuse; but it does not follow that there
has been any great neglect or abuse, because pay-
ments have been delayed. I think that, until the
facts are ascertained, it is not best to go on and
make charges against anybody.
Mr. GWIN. The honorable Senator from
Michigan knows perfectly well that when appro-
priations are made, before a marshal, or any other
disbursing officer, can get the money, requisitions
have to be issued here; but those requisitions
never get to the officers, and they cannotdraw the
money. There is no authority given to them to
draw the money to be expended for the public
service. They are not permitted to issue requisi-
tions, but the money is drawn on drafts from the
Treasury Department.
Mr. CASS. No man knows that better than I
do. I know that in the first instance, after an
appropriation is made by Congress, no money
goes from the Treasury without a requisition from
the proper Department, and then a warrant from
the Secretary of the Treasury on the Treasurer
for the amount. These certificates are not issued
merely on the authority of the appropriation, but
in many cases the Department requires local in-
formation. Whether that has been received in this
instance, or not, I do not know. With the circum-
stances of this particular case 1 am not acquainted.
I am perfectly aware of the fact that money cannot
be drawn withouta requisition. Drafts are author-
ized to be made by the disbursing agents, but
they cannot be paid until the regular Treasury
process is gone through with.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know nothing about the
local information of which the honorable Sena-
tor speaks; but I do know, that money has been
appropriated by Congress to defray the expenses
of the United States courts. 1 know, in the next
place, that it is customary for the marshals to
make estimates of what those expenses will be,
and how much money they will require. They
are to furnish those estimates to the Department
in time, so that the money can be transmitted to
the place where the court is held, at the proper
period. In this case, in 1H53, estimates were
transmitted to the Departments six nioiPh* before
the meeting of the court, and the money did not
arrive until months after the court had met and
adjourned. I am also aware of the fact, that in
1854 the estimates were sent here in September,
in full time to enable the money to be sent there
by the commencement of the November term, but
the funds have not yet been sent there.
1 know very well, sir, that the Secretary of the
Treasury, or the Secretary of the Interior, does not
take charge of these petty minor matters. They
are left in the hands of subordinates, and those
subordinates are the culpable persons. Gentle-
men in both branches of Congress are required to
be running constantly to the Departments to get
information on such subjects. For my part, I am
sick of doing so, and hereafter I propose to make
the inquiries here. I wish to announce, also, that
unless some reasonable excuse or justification for
such conduct be offered, in my opinion, the offi-
cers guilty of it ought to be dismissed from the
public service. I do not, however, as the Senator
from Michigan seemed to imply, wish to cast any
imputation upon them now, because I do not
know the reasons for their conduct; I only know
that the money has not gone there, and that the
delay looks to me as most unreasonable. They
may, however, be justifiable; but, if not, they
should be promptly dismissed. I ask for the
information for the benefit of the Senate with a
view to future legislation, if legislation shall be
deemed necessary; and I see no reason why the
resolution should not be adopted.
Mr. CASS, i shall, of course, vote for the
resolution, as it is a resolution of inquiry, but in
adduion to what I have already stated, 1 wish to
say that something often depends on the state of
the accounts of the disbursing officer. These
may, sometimes, be in such a condition that the
Treasury Department will not remit him any
money until his accounts be settled. Delay often
arises from that state of things. I mention this
as one of the incidental matters connectei with
the subject. X know nothing at all about the
circumstances of this case; but it does not follow,
of course, because the money was not instantly
remitted, that there was any fault here; that is all
I have to say.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, in my judg-
ment, this is a proper subject of inquiry for the
legislative department of the Government. We
have undertaken to make certain appropriations
of the public money. We, alone, have the power
to decide whether money ought to be appropriated
for the public service. It is the duty, as I under-
stand, of the Executive Department to proceed to
expend the money which we appropriate, in the
manner in which it is directed by the legislative
branch of the Government. Now, sir, cases have
occurred, during the past year., where Congress
made large and liberal appropriations of public
money for works of improvementin my own State,
where the agents of the Executive Department
here utterly failed, until more than half the fiscal
year elapsed, to provide any portion of the money
thus appropriated.
During the last session of Congress, upwards
of $200,000 was appropriated for the Indian de-
partment in California; but an amendment was
inserted on that appropriation which required that
the existing superintendent should settle all his
accounts with the Department before any por-
tion of that appropriation should be placed in his
hands. The President, knowing that it was
utterly impossible for that superintendent to close
his accounts within the year, was compelled to
turn him out, and to appoint another in his place.
The Senators from the State were compelled to
acquiesce in this, because we were satisfied that
the interest of the Indian department in ourSlate
required that the $200 000 should be expended
within the year. We knew the condition of the
Indians; we knew that not only inconvenience but
great suffering and hardship would ensue in the
event of ihc money not being expended. Not a
single dollar of that money reached the State of
California until the very last month of the year.
The superintendent of Indian affairs was com-
pelled to borrow money, upon his own credit, to
carry on the operations of his department, after
the legislative branch of the Government had made
ample appropriation.
Sir, somebody is to blame for this; and when I
find an Executive officer derelict in his duty, I
have independence enough to say it, and 1 care
not on wliom ihe blame may eventually attach. I
will give another instance. An appropriation of
upwards of $300,000 was made last year for our
navy-yard in California, but no portion of that
appropriation reached the agent charged with the
expenditure until the lust month of the year—the
month of December. I call the attention of Sen-
ators to this fact, that, notwithstanding we appro-
priate the public money time after time, the Kxec-
utive branch of the Government, by a failure to
have it transmitted at the proper period, have in-
flicted irreparable injury upon some sections of this
country.
The resolution was agreed to.
ARSENAL AT FAYETTE VILLE, NORTH CAR-
OLINA.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred
the joint resolution authorizing tile Secretary of
War to sell a portion of the site at Fayetteville,
North Carolina, and to purchase other lands with
the proceeds of such sale, to report it back. The
honorable Senator who introduced it [Mr. Bad-
ger] takes a great interest in it, and, if there be
no objection, 1 should like to have it put on its
passage now.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. Ihopeweshall
take up the Army appropriation bill, and sit it out,
that we may finish it tu-day.
Mr. SHIELDS. I yield for that purpose.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to take up the Army
appropriation bill.
Mr. WADE. I should like to make a report.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will not
press it. We are anxious to get through with the
bill to-day. I think we can find enough to sit it
out, and finish it, and it will be out of the way
to-morrow, for 1 shall not then press another
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 24; noes 16.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
accordingly resumed the consideration of the bill
of the House of Representatives, making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1856. An amend-
ment was offered by Mr. Shields, on behalf of .
the Committee on Military Affairs, on the 24th
instant, to authorize the President to appoint three
commissioners to proceed immediately to the In-
dian country, negotiate treaties of peace and amity
with such tribes as would enter into them, and
report the names of the refractory bands or tribes
to the President, and such military commanders
as he might designate. It also proposed to
authorize the President to call for, and aeeept,
the services of four regiments of mounted volun-
teers, for the purpose of maintaining peace on
the Indian frontiers of the United States, chas-
tising Indians who might commit outrages, and
protecting the routes of emigration to California
and Oregon. Yesterday, Mr. Shields withdrew,
temporarily, that portion of his amendment rela-
tive to the appointmentof commissioners, where-
upon Mr.-HuNTER, as a substitute for the residue
of the amendment, submitted a proposition to in-
crease the regular Army by the addition of two
regiments of cavalry, and to authorize the Presi-
dent to accept the services of five hundred mounted
volunteers as rangers, guides, and scouts. Mr.
Shields moved to amend this amendment, so as
to provide for an addition to the regular Army of
two regiments of cavalry, and two of infantry.
The pending question is on this amendment to
Mr. Hunter's substitute for the original amend-
ment.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. As I am a member of
the Committee on Military Affairs, and concurred
in the amendment reported from that committee,
I think it proper to put myself right in reference
to the vote which, perhaps, I may be called on to
give on this question. I fully concurred in the
amendment reported by the chairman of the com-
mittee. It is the plan which has been suggested
by the President of the United States, and by the
Secretary of War, and is the plan which 1 believe
ought to receive the sanction of this body.
In reference to the proposition to send out three
commissioners, I will remark that it did not ori-
ginate with me; but I concurred in it for the pur-
pose of producing unanimity of action in the com-
mittee. If it had been adopted, it might have
done some good; it certainly could not have done
any harm. So far from regarding this as a meas-
ure of war, I believe that it is essentially a measure
of peace. My conviction is, that to avoid Wur,
you must convince the Indians that you can con-
trol them. By that, I believe, you can prevent
war.
There is another branch of this subject, Mr.
President, which seems to be distasteful to a por-
tion of the body, and that is the employment of
five hundred Indians, for which the Secretary cf
War asks. I have not believed, for a moment,
that it was the desire of the President, or of the
distinguished gentleman who recommended it, to
use that portion of the force as warriors upon their
fellow red men. Their main service will, perhaps,
be regarded as very important in another sphere,
which 1 will allude to hereafter. The Govern-
ment has not been engaged in such a war for years,
if I recollect aright, in which they have not availed
themselves of the services of a portion of the tribes
engaged from some quarter. Advert to the war
of 1812. Had not General Jackson a force of
Cherokees and Choctaws under his command .'
Refer to the celebrated Seminole war. Were there
not Indian forces under the command of our offi-
cers ? Then look to the outbreaks in many of the
States—particularly the State in which I have the
honor to reside—had we not the auxiliary aid of
a large portion of the friendly Indians in quelling
that outbreak ? Certainly we had. In winning
them to peace, we had an army staring them in
the face, and demonstrating that we had the power
to control them.
It is a vast extent of country over which this
force is destined to act. The question is argued
upon the hypothesis that-weare to send an invad-
ing army of three thousand men to a particular
point in New Mexico, the frontiers of California,
Oregon, or Utah. I do not understand that to be
the fact. It is a force which is to be added to the
regular force of the United States, for the purpose
of opeiating over the entire frontier, to preveat
