458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
hostilities. What was designed to be the function
of the Indian force contemplated by the Secretary
of War? It was to act in the capaeity_of scouts,
guides, and outposts, to guard the army and ap-
prise it of the approach of the enemy; and not
only that, sir, but they would be powerful instru-
ments in pursuing the hostile Indians, and con-
ducting our army to their hiding places. What is
the character of the country to which the army is
proposed to be sent? Is it not a vast plain—in
many places a wilderness? And what would the
proposed American troops, taken from the States,
who never trod the soil before, know of the gorges
of the mountains through which they would have
to pass? Would not these Indians, natives of the
country, taken from the different tribes, be all im-
portant to conduct our army into the various posi-
tions for the purpose of meeting the wild Indians,
and reclaiming them to the patns of peace? I am
of the opinion that an Indian force is essentially
necessary to any army that goes to that country.
We shftll not only accomplish this, but we shall
accomplish another very important item.
It is known to gentlemen, who know anything
of the Indian character, that we do not propose,
arbitrarily, to force any members of a tribe into
the service; but they are to be yielded by the as-
sents of the head men, the chiefs of the different
tribes; and, in doing that, we shall identify the
fiiendly portion of every tribe With the army, and
the peaceful walks of the people of the country, and
prevent them from going to war. Go now to any
tribe, and consult it as to the number of warriors
it will yield to accompany the army on an expe-
dition of this kind; and, if that tribe, in council,
determines to send so many warriors—" braves,"
as they term them—they will become at once our
friends and allies, and we shall win them from
the wild and hostile portion of the red men. Is
there nothing accomplished in that, sir?
The Indian question is one which is pregnant
with importance. It has occupied a gooa deal of
my attention for years. There are matters lying
behind the outbreak, for the last few years, which
bring on discontent among this remarkable people.
It has been the policy of the Government, I think,
since 1832, to congregate all the tribes in a great
nation west of the Mississippi. When you force
a large portion of Indians from their homes, and
the homes of their fathers, and carry them to an-
other country,you carry many of tfum therewith
feelingd of prejudice and hostility to our people.
And do you stop with that? No, sir. You en-
gender an unkind feeling amon* Lhe resident tribes
where you throw them, because you hem them
in, and deprive them of their game and hunting
grounds. All these things have tended, for a
series of years, in my opinion, to produce an un-
friendly fetling on the part of many of the tribes
who have been carried there by the coercion of
the Government; and you engender, also, a hostile
and unfriendly feeling on the part of the Indians
in the vicinity to which you have carried those
tribes. These are the things which have operated
on my mind. I witnessed the departure of ten
thousand of them on one occasion. Where did
you carry them ? You carried them west of the
Mississippi—to the Cherokee, the Choctawp, and
the Chickasaws; and it was with great difficulty
that outbreaks could be suppressed in that coun-
try, even when so much intelligence characterizes
a large number of the population of those tribes.
These are elements and natural causes which are
calculated to produce a bad feeling on the part of
many intelligent men among those tribes. Well,
sir, did you increase the affection for this Govern-
ment when you carried such a vast number of
red men to that country, and pianted them down
where the wild Indian roams, to deprive him of the
means by which he lives? They have been told
that their Great Father, the President, has done it.
It is a matter of surprise to me that we have had
as little confusion and discord in the vicinity of
many of them as has characterized them hitherto.
I look with favor upon the proposition to raise
a force of Indians to conduct our Army properly
in pursuit of the hostile arid wild Indians, because
I believe it to be a very important branch of the
public service. This opinion is not peculiar to
me. The plan has been adopted from time imme-
morial in this country, when engaged in wars and
conflicts with the Indians. It is the opinion of a
very distinguished and competent officer, if I am
not mistaken, who is now engaged in the service.
This is the remark of Lieutenant Colonel Hoff-
man, in a communication to the Secretary of
War:
" I respectfully suggest that twelve or fifteen DeJawares
be sent out with each command, to serve as guides and
scouts. Without their assistance, troops would find it diffi-
cult, if not impossible, to overtake Indians who are flying
from ihcm. They may be engaged at Fort Leavenworth
very readily."
That is the language of a gertleman who lives
in the country, who is conversant with the habits
and manners of the Indians, whose calling has
been war, and whose province it has been to
instruct himself in the best and most legitimate
method of warfare in order to protect his country.
Is not what he says entitled to consideration and
respect? It seems to me it is. The whole history
of the country is replete with evidences that
friendly Indians have been used, or employed by
the Government in our wars with the Indians,
not to destroy unnecessarily, however, their own
brethren; they are not put in the front of the battle,
or made to bear the heaviest burden, but they are
most usually employed in a peculiar way, because
they possess a very remarkable knowledge over
the white man of the wilderness country. 1 think
the Secretary of War was right and showed his
admitted sagacity in recommending the employing
this force, and I think experience, in our armies
heretofore, establish the fact, if the troops do not
possess themselves of that class of people as guides,
they will find themselves very much at fault, I
apprehend, in the country. I deem it proper to
make these remarks in vindication of my course
in concurring with the committee in asking for
that number of Indians, and in vindication of the
high source from which the recommendation came.
They were not designed, I presume, to be taken
from one tribe and used m a solid body. They
are to be attached to every wing of the Army in
the region of country where it becomes necessaiy
to guard the frontiers.
It appears to me, Mr. President, that in our deep
sympathy for the Indians, we have almost lost
sight of ouc own population. It seems to me that,
in our anxiety to avoid any wrong to the red man,
we are really wronging and endangering the lives
of our own citizens. Have we forgot the bloody
massacre of Lieutenant Gunnison? But the other
day we were told of a massacre more bloody, if
possible, near Fort Laramie, of Lieutenant Giat-
tan. That has been alluded to in a way to throw
more or less reproach upon those in command in
that expedition. I confess, judging from the testi-
mony, that it is a matter about winch some per-
sons might come to a different conclusion from that
to which I have come. It was alleged by lhe dis-
tinguished Senator from Texas, [Mr. Houston,]
yesterday, that the commanding officer ordered
die first gun to be fired, and between that and the
next fire thechiefs were exhorting their young men
not to return the fire upon the white men. That
is one version of thestory. But if you will turn to
the documents you will find that the Indians were
in a state of great readiness, so much so that they
almost instantaneously annihilated the small de-
tachment of our own troops. Is it not remarkable
that a people so friendly, and not expecting war,
should be in such a perfect state of readiness for it,
and is it not equally remarkable that so friendly |
and so deep a sympathy, under the circumstances, I
should be enlisted for that peculiar people ? They
were there, it is said, to receive their annuities.
But what is the statement of Mr. Vaughan,one of
the agents? He says they were therewith arms
in their hands, and the bloody tragedy shows they
were ready, at a moment's warning, to strike, and
that they did strike, and strike bitterly the gallant
band in the wilderness, far from the protection of
this powerful Government. With all our sentimen-
tality and deep solicitude for the red man, it is a
simple question, how are we to protect him and
at the same time pecure our own citizens from
aggressions and injury ?
Have the Senate re<id the documents sent to us
by the Secretaries of War and of the Interior? Is
there nothing due to our little Army, which has
been cut up into such small detachments that they
cannot withstand even the wild men? Does not
the President of the United States tell you that
the force is not sufficient? Have we not been told
the same thing iti the communication of that dis-
tinguished gentleman who occupies the position
of Secretary of War, and who has seen some
service in that perilous and often-times inglorious
warfare? Ihey ail tell us so, sir; and I ask you
if these facts have not all been laid before the
Senate, and have Senators read the communica-
tions ? It seems to me not. I shall not detain
the Senate with the long details of these things;
but, for the information of gentlemen whose prov-
ince it may not have been to examine particularly
these matters, I wilt ask the Secretary to read a
pa t of one commuaication from a gentleman who
is now in the other House, Mr. Whitfield,
formerly an Indian agent, and now Delegate from
Kansas Territory. It was written from Fort
Laramie, August 29, 1854. His high position is
ample guarantee of the tiuth of his statement.
The Secretary read as follows:
"The great majority of the Indtans in this agency,
have no respect for the Government: they think, mat Uncle
Sam is a weak old fellow, and could bo easily overcome;
and they have good reasons for coming to that conclusion.
Nearly every party of emigrants that pass through their
country, have to pay their way with :-ugar and coffee;
knowing this, eveiy train furnish themselves with an
ample supply. The military pewts located in this agency,
are perfect nuisances. The idea, that one company of
infantry can furnish aid and protection to emigrants who
pass through this agency, is worse than nonsense. They
can protect themselves no further than theirguns can reach;
they have no effect upon the Indians so far as (ear is con-
cerned; they neither respect nor fear them ; and as to pro-
tecting the traveler on the road, they are of no more us-e
than so nnny stumps. There are no roads in the United
Slates lhat need protection so badly, as the North Platte
and Aikansas roads. Property to the value of several mil-
lions of dollars passover these roads annually; nearly every
emigrant party are subject to annoyance from the time they
leave die frontiers. On the North Platte road, the Pawnees
and others have stolen property to the amount of several
! thousand dollars, and commuted several murders; and the
| lime has certainly arrived when American citizens should
| be penniru d to travel on this continent, without being
I annoyed hy hands of worthless Indians. The road leading
| up the Atkjnsas river has been but little traveled until the
, la^t two years. Exclusive of the large amount of mer-
chandise annually transported over this road to Santa F6,
stock, to the value of thousand* of dollars, has pass<d mis
route to California this year. Uoads so important a* these,
f-huuld be guarded by a toice sufficient to protect the lives
and properly of persons seeking homes in California, and a
market tor their stock, &c. Strong military poetsshould
be builton the Arkansas and South Platte nveis."
Mr. FlTZPATRICK. There is another ex--
tract from a letter of Mr. Vaughan.
The Secretary read the following:
<c It is true they have been counselled by their agents, for
years past, that, if tht y did not desist from going to war,
and committing depredations, the consequence would re-
sult in troops being s -nt amongst them, and force them into
measures to all of which they have turned a deaf ear,
hilling themselves into security by the impression that they
cannot be reached.
"The Brulies from the Platte, the Ouh-papas, Blackfeet
Sioux, a part of the Yanctonnais, Sans Arc,and Mmeeou-
gan band* of the Missouri, openlv bid de'iance to the thieats
of the Government, and go so far as to sav lhat they do not
fear the result, should soldiers come to fight them. The
rest of the tribes in this agency are disposed to do right,
and many of them, at onc^, would unite in exterminating
the above bands. Several of them have come voluntarily
to me, and stated that any information that might be re-
quired, should a lorce be sent here to chastise these, they
will hold themselves in r<rdiness to give any lniormatioti
relative to their locality and movements m their power, and
render any assistance lhat may be required of them."
Mr FITZPATRICIC. I will ask for the read-
ing of another extract from a letter written by the
same gentleman.
The Secretary read as follows:
, " On the following dav the whole of these Indians moved
I off. They are now scattered in small bands within sixty
j to one hundred and fifty miles of this place, and are tryieg
; to enlist the Indians m this section of the country to joj 
I them in a general war on all the whiles. They keep war
J parties eontmually on the road between this and lhe Platte,
and any white man found on lhe road will certainly he
killed by them. They state openly, that next spring ihey
will keep parties constantly on the" emigrant route, and kill
all they find. 5
M assure you, that my situation here, as well as that of
all the irdders, and their men, at present, is perilous m the
extreme. There is but one course for the Government to
adopt, and that mu-t be done promptly—ro send a sufficient
number ol troops of the proper kind, and pur ue the bards
of Ind'Oi.a who have been concerned m this affair, and
chaise them m such a manner, tliat ihey will not onlv
respect, but fear, the Government in future. Without a
salutary lesson, there is no knowing to what extent they
will commit murder and depredations on the whites."'
.. ir n '"y wav 10 this place, a tew days since, I arrived at
e Yanctonnais village of Sioux Indians, encampt d on the
river about one hundred miles a^ove Outplace. They gen-
erally belonged to a band who have aXtrays been more or
ess averse to carrying out the provjMori* of the «Laramie
re®!.v- * immediately called a council with the chiefs
and nraves, and, after talking over all matters with them,
and giving them good and proper advice, winch J thomnit
they received in the spirn I intended they should, I made
them apiesent of some tobacco, provisions, &c.,when to
my siirpri-e, the principal chief, called ' It* d Leaf,'arose
with the knife in his hand, cut all the bags contaimn' the
provisions to pieces, scatteriug their contents on the prairie,
