1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
then threw tlx5 k*g of gunpowder in the river, and about
fifty ol' tiu-m discharged their guns at it. This band of In-
dians have been very refractory for a number of year3. The
differ' nt agents who havcseen thf>m have ail told them that
troop* would be sent to chastise them if they did not alt *r
tin ir conduct. They regard this now asonly a threat; and,
until the presence of troop* intimidates them, they will
always be dangerous and troublesome.
i{ At Port Clark 1 found one hundred lodges of Aukipa-
pns Blackfeet, and Sioux Indians, who had been wait-
ing there a month to see me. In the council I held with
them, the princip d chiefs told me that they would not re-
ceive any presents from the Government, and to do what t
pleased with their portion of goods, for they did not want
tln*m; that they preterm! the liberty to take scalps, and
commit whatever depredations they pleased, in preference
to goods from their Great Father. They talked very hos-
tile ; and I replied to them, that just as certain as the sun
ro:««* and *et, their Great Father would not only chastise
them tor their bad conduct, but for the indignity offered to
him in not receiving their presents.
Very respeotfuiiv, your obedient servant,
"ALFRED J. VAUGHAN, Indian Agent,
" Colonel Alfred Cummino,
Superintendent Indian Affairs, St. Louis, Missouri
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I present these extracts
eimply as a portion of the testimony on which the
President deemed it his solemn duty to make his
communication to Congress. Facts of a similar
character were communicated to the Department
twelve months ago. They have been communi-
cated now, and I say, not in the language of
prophecy, but as the opinion of an humble mem-
ber of this body, that the sooner we organize
a force, not to exufrimnate these unfortunate
beings, but to reclaim them 11 from„the error of
their way," the sooner shall we put a stop to the
Indian war. I think I speak advisedly, for I have
seen some little of the Indian character. The Pres-
ident, the highest functionary known to the Con-
stitution, tells you that there is an absolute neces-
sity for more troops; that the Army of the United
Stafes is not sufficient to guard the western fron-
tiers. If hts recommendation is not regarded, in
a few years—perhaps i might say months—the
whole western frontier will be affected by warlike
operations. 1 do not desire the extermination of the
Indians. I have as much sympathy for them as
1, perhaps, ought to have; but I trust I shall not
forget what is due to my own people. Look at
the vast amount of property, which the gentleman
I have alluded to, in the other branch of Congre.ss,
Bays is always in danger. Does he not tell the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs that, unless an
army is placed thereto strike terror into th" minds
of the Indians, the consequences will be serious to
our people? It seems to me that nothing more
could be said, or should be required to be said, to
convince this honorable body of the necessity of
granting a sufficient force to the constitutional
authorities to maintain peace and protect our fron-
tier.
My honorable friend from Texas says that these
Indians have been wronged; that they have been
attacked. It is almost impossible to prevent
aggressions on the red men, as well as upon the
white; but we have seen enough, and heard enough,
from the communications which have been made
to us, to convince every mind of the absolute
necessity of granting the additional force to pro-
tect the country. What is the plan suggested by
the Senator from Texas ? It is to put a stop to all
emigration until a sufficient force can be congre-
gated at a particular point to protect themselves in
going across the plains. 1 ask the honorable Sen-
ator what they would do with this force ? Take
two hundred as the basis of a force sufficient to
defend themselves. I beg the Senate to listen to
this:
u I must communicatc to you, also, a decision of a meet-
ing of the hatf breeds and Indians of Pembina county, held
a lew days before my departure for Washington, m winch
it was resolved, tint next summer, after the tir^t hunting
trip, a party of war of about five thousand men shall go up
the Missouri, a httle below Fort Mandon, and there separ-
ating m two corp*, one each side of the river, will come
down the Missouri and put to death all living beings they
will meet on their way."
1 ask my honorable friend what two hundred
men could do with a force of that kind, when they
have deliberately determined to ascend the Mis-
souri river to a particular point, separate on each
side of the river, and go off to destroy everything
in their march down it? What protection could
a force, of the kind the Senator suggests, have, in
opposition to twenty-five hundred men like those ?
They would stand about as long as the unfortu-
nate Grattan stood before the fifteen hundred near
Fort Laramie. The news would electrify the
country, that the Indians had butchered and de-
stroyed a large number of our people.
What is the object of the message of the Presi-
dentof the United States? It is to avert that, and
to throw into the country, in time, a sufficient
force to arrest the aggressions of the Indians, and
to shield our own fellow-citizens. With these
views, Mr. President, I concur cordially in the
recommendation of the President.
I did not rise to prolong this discussion. I rose
simply to say to the Senate that, although I con-
curred in the whole amendment of the committee,
although I believe it to be the best system that
could be adopted to protect the country, with
great deference to gentlemen who, I presume,
know more on this subject than I claim to know,
I am prepared to unite and cc operate heartily and
cordially with the majority of the body insetting
the best I can: because 1 believe there is a neces-
sity for it. The high functionaries have dis-
charged their duties in bringing this subject to our
attention, and presenting their plans. It now de-
volves on us to perform our duty, and if we fail
to do so, the responsibility will rest upon us, and
not upon the Administration.
Mr. RUSK. I am glad to hear the honorable
Senator from Alabama make the declaration he
does; because my opinion is, that if we contend
for more than the honorable Senator from Virginia
has proposed in his amendment, we shall be likely
to do as we have done at several former sessions,
lose the whole. I understand that the proposition
to call out three thousand volunteers has been
withdrawn, and that the amendment pending is
that offered by the Senator from Virginia, to raise
two regiments of mounted men, and five hundred
rangers, which the Senator from Illinois proposes
to amend by the addition of two regiments of
infantry, and the exclusion of rangers.
For oght or nine years past we have had pos-
sessions upon the Pacific ocean, to which it has
been the policy of the country to invite an over-
land emigiatton. A very large emigration has
gone there, and has been of immense service to
the United States Every steamer that arrives on
the Atlantic side from California (and they come
about once m two weeks) brings you $1,000,000
in gold, and sometimes a much larger q-iantity.
These hardy pioneers have been forced either to
go across the plains, with the exposure incident to
traveling through an unsettled country, or, at
very large expense, to go outside of our own
country, through an unhealthy climate, across the
isthmus. All these hardships have been encoun-
tered at a time when your Treasury was full and
overflowing. There are five or six routes across
our own territory to our possessions and settle-
ments on the Pacific ocean; and upon not one of
them are the property or the families of the emi-
grants safe. For years past they have not been
safe, because the Indians on the plains—although
it is but recently that, on the more northern routes,
they have commenced to commit depredations
and take life—were constantly levying black-mail
upon the weaker parties who traveled across the
country. As soon as the Indians came upon
them, they were compelled to give up part of th^ir
property. It has been a regular business with the
Indians to go on these routes, and make these
demands of the emigrants. Poor people, who
were going to a new country for the purpose of
mending their circumstances, have been actually
taxed by these Indians, to whom they were com-
pelled to give almost all th^y had, for the purpose
of escaping with their lives; and this, too, while
this Government has had a full and overflowing
Treasury.
Sir, upon everf principle of justice, all your cit-
izens are entitled to the protection of this Govern-
ment. They have not received it, and where is
the fault ? The emigrant routes are unprotected;
some of the States of the Confederacy are unpro-
tected; several of the Territories are unprotected;
and you cannot carry the mails, from one settle-
ment to another, without a large armed guard.
Your mails are attacked—a constant occurrence in
my own State, and so it is upon the other lines of
travel. The mails are frequently captured, the
carriers killed, and the property which is being
used in the transportation of the mails is taken by
the Indians. When such occurrences take place
there is fault somewhere. There is plenty of
money in the Treasury. The fault is not upon
the Executive, nor upon the Secretary of War,
because, before these difficulties became so seri-
ous and threatening as they are now, both those
functionaries asked of Congress an increase of
the military force. They ha^e insisted on an
increase; and bills have been reported in both
branches of Congress to effect the object. The
honorable Senator from Illinois has done his duty
in presenting bills here constantly for the increase
of the military force, but they have not been passed,
and things remain as they are. It is charged that
we have now too large a military force. Why,
sir, every man that can be used is put upon these
lines, and the utmost exertions are made by the
War Department, by the President, and by the
troops; but it is utterly impossible for them to
cover a sufficient extent of ground, with their
small number, to afford adequate protection. I
have already asked who is to blame for this state
of things? The fault rests with Congress. Now,
I wish to appeal to those members of the Senate
whose constituents are subjected to none of these
privations and difficulties, to join those of the
frontier in extending protection to the travelers,
from whose exertions they, in return, receive so
much benefit, as it is admitted, on all hands, has
been received from the labor and enterprise of the
hardy pioneers who have gone out and settled on
the Pacific coast. The fault, I repeat, is in Con-
gress; and it now rests with Congress to apply a
remedy.
The proposition before us has been treated, to
some extent, as a war measure; bur, in my view,
it is a preventive measure. What has been read,
at the request of the honorable Senator from A la-
bama,is true. It is true that all those Indian
tribes who have had but little intercourse with the
United Slates do not know our power, and unless
they see that power they regard the United States
as inferior. 13 it likely that they should regard
us in any other light ? Here are citizens traveling
through that country and these Indians march up
and demand half they have, and they have to
yield. Who is the inferior there? The Indian
regards himself as the superior, and whenever he
has power he will exercise it.
In the first place, it is a duty to the emigrants
to make their travel safe; but besides, it is an act
of mercy to the Indians themselves, because they
are now acquiring habits which will involve them
in war. The Government may not throw the
arm of protection around its citizens; but one
thmg is very certain; whenever they become suf-
ficiently strong themselves, and have grown tired
of waiting for the action of the Government, they
will avenge their own wrongs on the Indians,
and then you will be involved in a war. The
expenditure sought by the amendment will be but
as a drop in the bucket, compared with what you
will have to encounter after much mischief has
been done.
Sir, I fully appreciate the anxiety ©f my friend
from Illinois, the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, and I concede that all the force
for which he asks is necessary; but, at the
time, I want to make an appeal to him. Two
mounted regiments will afford protection, and will,
in my judgment, stop these difficulties. These
two mounted regiments I believe we can get; but
if we ask for four regiments, my opinion is, judg-
ing from the experience of the past, and the temper
of both Houses of Congress now, that we shall
make a failure. Give us, then, this protection.
There ia another advantage to result from this
measure. Even those who now believe that two
regiments will not be sufficient, will see the bene-
ficial results in the protection which will be
afforded to emigrants, and the change which will
be produced in the conduct of the Indians. I am
not for exterminating the Indians; I do not want
an Indian war; the President does not want an
Indian war; nobody wants it, and the people of
the frontier least of all. Congress has adopted,
and made some liberal appropriations for, another
policy, and it is the only policy which will, in
my judgment, founded on some slight acquaint-
ance with Indians, have any effect upon them;
that is to settle them down, stop their roving
about. Game is getting scarce, and the time is
favorable for the accomplishment of such an object.
The Government has already made libera' appro-
priations for that purpose. The older stock you
cannot get to work; that is out of the question; to
steal and to fight are all they will do; you cannot
make them work; but the women and children, who
