480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January SO,
have all the work to do in their camps, who are
oppressed, in the first place, with having more to
do than they coveniently can, and in the next place
with being almost in a state of starvation on account
of the scarcity of game, will go to work. They
will raise crops sufficient to live upon, and by that
means you will overcome their roving disposition;
you will take away the temptation to commit
depredations; and if you ever civilize and save
them, this will be the only way. If you accom-
plish this, you must show them that you are able
to check and punish them if they seek a living by
what are to them the easier methods of war and
Ehinder. The younger stock are susceptible of
eing trained to woik. The experiment has been
tried with other tribes, and some of them are
almost as good agriculturists as any people in
the United States. In this way, and in no other,
can these tribes be preserved. You may neglect
or refuse to give the Secretary of War the neces-
sary means of checking the hostilities and aggres-
eione of the Indians; the present condition of
affairs may go on; the Indians may continue to
rob and murder emigrants and travelers on the
frontier; but the population there is increasing
every day, and when those persons are satisfied
that this Government cannot protect them, and
when their numbers are sufficient, they will begin
to protect themselves, and the first step they will
take in the matter will be an extermination of the
Indians as far as they can reach them. If we
would avert this, we should afford prompt pro-
tection to them.
Under these circumstances, I shall vote against
the amendment adding four regiments; and I hope
the frier ds of the measure will support the amend-
ment providing two regiments of mounted men
and five hundred rangers.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, when the Sen-
ator from Illinois offered his amendment to this
bill for three thousand volunteers, it was urged as
a reason for proposing such on amendment to a
general appropriation bill, which is so unusual,
that there was a pressing necessity for some force
in order to provide against the danger of Indian
outbreak and disturbance. I have always opposed
any effort to put upon the general appropriation
bills anything which looked towards the general
legislation of the country, because I knew from
experience that it led to conflicts between the two
Houses, which were neither profitable nor be-
coming; but, in this instance, I was willing, in view
of the emergency under which we were acting, to
do what might be necessary in order to prevent
this outbreak and to avoid, if possible, this Indian
war which seems to be threatening us. I was
willing to do just so much as might be necessary
to meet this emergency; but 1 was not then will-
ing, nor am J now willing, to do more upon this
bill than may be necessary to meet that precise
case. I think that would justify us in a departure
from the ordinary rules of legislation, however
salutary they may be. But, sir, in regard to any-
Atag further and beyond this, it seems to me so
eminently proper that it should be the subject of
separate and independent legislation, that I will
not dwell further on that subject.
As 1 have said, I felt the necessity for doing
something to meet this emergency, and 1 turned
to the subject and considered it most anxiously
in order to ascertain what that emergency was,
and what would be the adequate remedy. I did
not believe that, the adequate remedy consisted
in raising three thousand volunteers and send-
ing them out amongst the Indians. I feared,
anil I think I feared with reason, that such a step
would inevitably lead to a disastrous Indian war,
which, by prudence and proper precaution, might
be avoided. It seemed to me that, to the extent
to which it was proved that there was a demand
for steady, constant, military service, in order to
prevent ou.breaks, and guard the emigrant trains,
that demand should be met by an addition to the
regular force; because regular troops are much
cheaper; because they are more efficient; because j
they are more easily managed; and, in this way '
we should be in less danger of provoking an out-
break, less in danger of those accidents which are
so apt to occur with volunteer forces, by which
we might be involved in war. *
The next question, then, to be considered was,
what was the amount, and what was the least
amount, which would be sufficient in order to pro-
vide for this steady military service which would
be required-hereafter from the nature of our In-
dian frontier, and from the stream of emigration
which is constantly pouring, from sea to sea,
across the continent. I consulted those who were
better judges than myself on such subjects, and I
found that it was the opinion of skillful, prudent,
experienced men, that two regiments of mounted
men would be adequate in order to protect the
emigrant trains and to provide against occasional
Indian disturbances, unless there should be a gen-
eral war. And, upon consultingthe reports of the
Indian agents, and some of the Indian agents in
person, whom I have seen, I came to the conclu-
sion that, so far as there is any demand for service
now, the provision contained in my amendment
for five hundred rangers and the two mounted regi-
ments,,would be sufficient.
I do not think, sir, that evidence has been
shown of an intention on the part of whole tribes
to make war upon us. It seems that the tempta-
tion to plunder the trains passing along the coun-
try through which these tribes roam has been too
strong for the forbearance of some of the bands
in the tribes, or portions of them. Parts of them
have plundered the trains, parts of them have
committed outrages, but I believe the tribes them-
selves have never considered themselves as com-
mitted, in their tribal character, to stand by those
who have done this; and I am inclined to think
that, if we make a demonstration of the proper
force, and treat with them in the proper manner,
we shall be able to settle these disturbances, and
prevent outbreaks in the future, with the force
provided in the amendment. But, sir, whilesome
force is necessary to meet this emergency, I am
convinced, front all that I hear from those best ac-
quainted with the subject, from the reports of the
Indian agents, that there must be some increase
ot force in order to make a more respectable ap-
pearance in the eye of those tribes; they must see
that we have the power and the means to mforce
obedience when obedience is necessary and proper.
Looking to that, 1 came to the conclusion that 1
would vote for this amount of force, which is be-
lieved, by prudent and experienced men, to be
enough; but 1 will vote for no more, because 1 am
not willing to do more on this bill, or, indeed,
anywhere, than the emergency of the case re-
quires. That is the whole extent to which, in my
opinion, the regular Army should be increased;
and I am willing to do that now, and upon this
occasion, in order to provide for this emergency,
and in order to prevent the creation of this large
volunteer corps, which would be not only more
expensive now, but would lead, I fear, to most
dangerous results hereafter.
I am utterly opposed to the amendment of my
friend from Illinois, who proposes to increase
these two to four regiments. 1 believe that if he
should succeed in so transforming my amend-
ment, he will lose the whole, and that it will be
impossible to carry it through. Even if he could
get it passed as an independent bill, it does not
lollow that he could carry through a measure for
increasing so largely the standing Army of the
United States upon an appropriation bill. The
House of Representatives might be willing to pro-
vide for this emergency which is pressing on us;
and to the extent to which it is necessary to raise
troops, to provide for it, they might be willing to
do it here; and when once convinced of the emer-
gency for which they ought to provide, they would
inquire whether it should be done by regulars or
volunteers. I believe that the amendment which
I have offered might be carried; but I have no idea
that we could carry through on this bill a propo-
sition for raising four additional regiments. I will
go further, and say we ought nofto carry it. This
is enough, and we ought not to do more than
enough.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, there seems
to be but little difference between the honorable
Senator from Virginia and myself at this time,
and, if I understood aright, the Senator from
Texas who last spoke, [Mr. Rusk,] there is, in
fact, no difference between u3. The Senator from
lexas admits that the force for which I ask, and
which is proposed by my amendment, would not
be too much to answer the purposes demanded, j
but he thinks that a provision for that force cannot j
be carried through, and, therefore, he is willing!
to take the proposition of the Senator from Vir- i
gima. I understand that to be the view of the I
Senator from Texas who has spoken to-day, and I
who, in my opinion, made a very sensible and
practical exposition of the nature of this case.
He considers that the force which I ask for would
not be too large to accomplish the object intended,
though he thinks that my amendment cannot,
perhaps, be carried through at this session^ I
differ from the honorable Senator in this. I think
it is for us to determine the force that is sufficient,
necessary, and adequate to the object, and then let
the responsibility of refusing that force fall upon
those who choose to refuse; 1 say that, also, to the
honorable Senator from Virginia.
The Executive, from the information which it
has received, brings forward a proposition here
for three thousand volunteers. The Executive
says the emergency is such that they are needed
for operations during the coming spring. The
honorable Senator from Virginia, and others,
refuse to give those volunteers. The volunteers
were not intended to take the place of the regular
Army, or to obviate the necessity of an increase
of the regular Army, but to supply an immediate,
urgent, pressing emergency. If there be such an
emergency, (and the Executive, I take it, is the
power to judge of that,) these volunteers, or some
other equivalent force,are demanded at this time.
Now, does the Senator from Virginia present that
equivalent when he refuses to grant the volun-
teers? The Executive (charged with the investi-
gation of this subject in the first instance, having
air the means of ascertaining the condition of the
Indian country and the disposition of the Indian
tribes, and who would be derelict in the perform -
ance of his duty, if he did not present this prop-
osition,) says that three thousand volunteers are
necessary. Now, we change that; and what is
offered as an equivalent? The honorable Senator
proposes two regiments of mounted troops, and
five hundred rangers. I say that, in my humble
opinion, that force is not sufficient.
Sir, the other honorable Senator from Texas
[Mr. Houston] presented to us yesterday his
views in relation to the Army. I shall not say
that I was disappointed, hut I must confess that
I expected a higher practical presentation of this
subject than was given by that honorable Senator.
He spoke of the difference between what he calls
the actual force and the authorized legal force of
the Army. The authorized legal force at present
is fourteen thousand, and the actual force is be-
tween ten thousand and eleven thousand. Now,
the proposition which I present to the Senate
would raise the authorized force to about eighteen
thousand, but the actual force only to about four-
teen thousand; becaase you must always deduct
about one fourth from the legal force in order to
give you the actual effective force. The question
then is, are fourteen thousand men sufficient, at
this time, for the protection of our Territories and
the emigrant lines? 1 find, in turning to the annual
report of the Secretary of War, much information
on this point, and permit me to say that, if hon-
orable Senators would consult that able report, I
think they would find less difficulty in meeting
this subject practically. I perceive it is stated m
that report that in the military department of
Texas, (and I ask the Senator from Texas to pay a
little attention to this,) there are thirty thousand
Indians. Of our present Army, we have given to
Texas two thousand eight hundred and eighty-six
regulars, for the protection of that department.
With thirty thousand Indians, she has two thou-
sand two hundred and eighty-six regulars. In
addition to that, Texas has six companies ofTexan
volunteers, which the Government pays a dollar
a day to each man. These six companies cost
the United States more than all the regulars in
the State. In the bill now under consideration,
an amendment has been inserted apnrop^iat'n^
nearly $200,000 to pay Texas for volunteers,' in
addition to the two thousand two hundred and
eighty-six regulars. Yet the Senator from Texas
said yesterday that Texas never had been pro-
tected by this Government; that the Government
does nothing for Texas; that Texas has been
overlooked by the United States. We have m
that State nearly three thousand regulars, and six
hundred of their own men, paid at an enormous
expense by this Government to protect them
against thirty thousand Indians; still they say
they are not half protected; they have been neg-
lected. °
Now, let us turn to their poor, feebK help-
less neighbor, New Mexico, that has no Senators
