1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
461
here to advocate her claims, and her wants, or to
tell her wrongs. She has no voice here, as Texas
has. Sir, New Mexico has an Indian population
of fifty thousand, twenty thousand more than
Texas. Those fifty thousand Indians have en-
tered into no treaties with the Government, and
they acknowledge no submission to it. How is
New Mexico protected and defended? She has a
force of only one thousand six hundred and fifty-
four officers and men to protect her against fifty
thousand Indians. She has no volunteers, she
has been allowed none; and she has only half the
regular force that Texas has. That is the condi-
tion of New Mexico; but she has no one here to
advocate her claims; there is no voice from that
poor, silent, helpless Territory, to tell the condition
of her people. I stated the other day that an
officer directly from New Mexico had informed
me, that about a thousand New Mexican women
and children had been made prisoners within the
last three years by the savage Indian tribes,
and are now in captivity. He told me that the
Indians walk into their little pueblos, with their
rifles and their tomahawks in their hands, and if
they do not give them what they want, they seize
their women and drag them away, and even tear
thechiidren from the mothers' breast. Yetthereis
no one to say New Mexico is not protected; but
a Senator from Texas rises here, and tells you his
State has never been protected, is not protected
now; and at the same time he refuses to give any
additional protection to any of the Territories. I
cannot understand such reasoning, and such argu-
ment.
I might go through the documents, and show
that New Mexico has no protection; and that the
force contemplated by my amendment will not
give her adequate protection. Why? The Sen-
ator from Texas [Mr. Rusk] has already said
there are three or four emigrant lines. The force
proposed by the Senator from Virginia, being a
mounted force, will operate, or ought to operate,
upon those emigrant lines. I wish to have two
additional regiments of infantry, one to be estab-
lished as a permanent force in New Mexico, and
the other as a permanent force in Oregon and
Washington Territories. Has that honorable
Senator thought of Oregon and Washington, and
examined the condition of those Terntories at
this time? Has he not perceived that the Snake
Indians there are in a state threatening desolation
to those Territories ? Does he not know that
his two mounted regiments, when you cut them
up into little detached parties, will not be half suf-
ficient even to protect the emigrant lines? Does
he not know that permanent, established, forces are
better for overawing the Indians who have not
declared hostility, than any mounted troops?
The proposition, therefore, now under consid-
eration, is this: You refuse to give the Executive
the volunteers. Prom the first, I have thought,
myself, that those volunteers might be hazardous;
I was afraid they might involve us in war; I did
not press that provision, but I insist upon giving,
as an equivalent for that volunteer force, two regi-
ments of cavalry and two of infantry. To what
extent will this increase the Army of the United
States? To about fourteen thousand effective
men. With my proposed increase, the actual
force of the whole Army of the United States will
not be more than about fourteen thousand effective
men. Give Texas what she has now—three
thousand, or nearly three thousand. Then give
New Mexico nothing like what Texas says is
necessary to her, and so-on; and what kind of a
force will you have throughout the Territories?
Sir, I say less than this is no substitute for the
demand of the Executive. If we give a force at
all, let us give what is considered an adequate
force, and one that will accomplish the object,
"Where is the necessity of dealing with it in this
manner? Does the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia suppose that, if the Indians are in a dis-
turbed, excited, and hostile state, two regiments
of cavalry will be sufficient to protect the whole
Bea-boaru of the Pacific, including Washington
and Oregon, even leaving California to take care
of herself? Do not the Senators from California
know that they have not sufficient protection?
"Will they not tell you that the protection afforded
now is no protection for California?
Well, sir, if California and Texas, strong and
powerful States, be in that condilion, what is the
condition of a poor, helpless place like New Mex-
ico ? If she had Senators here, as those States
have, then you would hear very different stories
from those presented by honorable Senators in
this body. I have taken up their case. I have
seen some of those Indians for whom my honor-
able friend from Texas, [Mr. Houstok,] who
spoke yesterday, has such a generous, warm heart.
I unite with him in that feeling. He thinks they
ought to be civilized; so do I. Let us civilize
them; but until they are civilized, in God's name,
let us keep them from taking the scalps of tJie
whites; that is what I desire. Let us civilize
them. I will join him in any practical plan to
civilize the Indians of this continent; but until
that be accomplished, I object to his remedy.
If I understand it, he inclines to withdawing the
whole Army of the United States. That is his
proposition. He has no very high opinion, I be-
lieve, of the Army generally. In that I differ
from him. I have had a little connection with that
Army for a short time; and permit me to express
to that honorable Senator the impression they
made upon me. Taking them generally, I have
never associated with more honorable, high-
minded men than the officers of the Army. I
think they would compare pretty well even with
honorable Senators. That is my opinion, and I
have had a little experience in both positions.
Some of them are not good men. There are some
mean men in the Army; but, as a body, I do not
think the honorable Senator has done justice to
the gallant Army. If 1 understand him, he thinks
it is an army of show—an army merely for parade.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman permit
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. SHIELDS. Certainly.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman has a right
to understand my language as he may think
proper; but I made no such insinuation as that
they were an Army merely for show. As I may
find it necessary to reply, I shall now make only
one remark in relation to the officers of the Army.
While those gentlemen demean themselves in a
manner becoming and suitable to the uniform they
wear, and the condition they occupy, no member
of the Senate has a higher appreciation of their
character or their profession,than I entertain. As
a body of gentlemen, long experience has taught
me to appreciate them highly, and I shall always
cherish that feeling towards them, which arises
from ft conviction of their chivalry, their honor,
and their gentlemanly bearing. 1 shall say no
more now, as I maybe ealled upon to reply to the
Senator.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, I am very
happy to hear the honorable Senator present that
view of the case. I perhaps misunderstood him.
He alluded, 1 have no doubt, to some paiticular
cases, but he did not specify them.
Mr. HOUSTON, i specifitd the case of Lieu-
tenant Grattan, and others, who treated the Indians
like dogs.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am happy to have the Sen-
ator's testimony in connection with my own in
favor of the gallantry, the chivalry, ami the honor
of the officers of the Army. I do not pretend that
they are all so, but, 1 think, on the average they
may be considered about as honorable and honest
as any other class of our countrymen.
There is another point to which I wish to
advert. The honorable Senator [Mr. Houston]
seemed to think that the Army performed very lit-
tle service to the country, and was rather intended
for show than use. I have not read his speech as
published this morning, but 1 speak from what I
thought I heard yesterday. In my humble opin-
ion, there is no army whose duties are what are
called peaceful, who perform more trying, dis-
agreeable service than the Army of the United
States. Away on the frontier; far from their
homes; far from the white settlements; in the
woods, you may say; far* from the comforts of
civilization, they are in a kind of banishment, per-
forming the most disagreeable of all duties-
watching trains and looking after wild Indians.
For my own part, I cannot imagine persons
thrown into a more disagreeable service than offi-
cers and soldiers who are now acting on ourfron-
tier. I dislike very much to hear it said that they
do nothing, that they are a mere show or parade
Army, or anything of that kind, knowing, as I
do, that they perform a great deal of very hard,
very ungracious, and very disagreeable service.
I do not wish to occupy any further time in
discussing the question. What 1 believe—and the
honorable Senator from Virginia cannot answer
it, no Senator in this body can—is, that this-force
which I have now proposed as a substitute for the
volunteers, is not more than sufficient. I believe
it is not sufficient. I want to know if any Senator
will rise in his place and say he is satisfied it is
amply sufficient to protect the emigrant lines and
our frontier settlements? I think not. What
kind of a force is this ? The Executive has sent
us a request for a certain amount of force; saying
it is necessary; and a Senator rises up here and
says, " in the first placc, we cannot carry a prop-
osition for that force, in my opinion; and in the
next place, I think that force is not necessary."
Is that the course which we should pursue ?
The Senator from Texas [Mr. Rusk] who
spoke to-day, says there has been great neglect
in relation to this increase of the Army. Well,
sir, let us make up for that neglect; let us vote
the force demanded; let us give the President the
means to protect the white settlers and emigrants,
and to protect the Indians also. That is my
opinion of our duty. Upon that I rest the case.
I wish any gentleman to tell me if New Mexico,
Washington, Oregon, Kansas, and Nebraska Ter-
ritories, and the emigrant lines, can be protected
with a less force than that proposed in the amend-
ment which 1 have had the honor to offer? Why,
sir, if any Senator will take the trouble to run
through the documents, he will see, as I have
already stated, that it is only putting two or three
thousand men to protect one of those immense
military departments, where there are upwards of
one hundred thousand Indians. Who will say
that such a force is too much? Why should
there be hesitation in agreeing to the proposition
suggested by the Executive? I trust the Senate
will agree to my amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, as a member
of the Committee on Military Affairs, perhaps it
is incumbent on me to state the reasons why I
shall vote with the chairman of the committee on
this question. It is admitted on all hands that a
force is necessary to be raised for the defense of
our Indian frontier, and of the emigrant lines to
California and Oregon. How was the committee
to act, and how is Congress to act on that subject,
except from the.information which they may ob-
tain in relation to the necessity of this increase of
tne Army? Where were we to apply for the in-
foimation necessary to control our action? It
seems to me we should apply to the Executive of
the United States, the commander-in-chief of the
Army and Navy. Have we received the inform-
ation necessary to enable us to act? We have,
sir. A communication on the subject was received
by this body from the President, and referred by
the Senate to the Committee on Military Affairs.
On the suggestions of the President, that commit-
tee has acted. How have the minority of the com-
mittee, those known, or supposed, to be actuated
by feelings of opposition to the present Adminis-
tration, acted on this question ? They have waived
all feeling; they have forgotten their party rela-
tions; and, burying party feeling in patriotism,
have come forward to sustain the recommendation
of the Administration which seems to have but few
friends among its own supporters on this ques-
tion. They did what they thought was proper,
in the discharge of their duty to the country, by
recommending the strengthening of the Army
which defends it.
The President called upon us for an increase of
the Army. In what manner? By volunteers,
which can be brought into the field immediately
for the protection of the frontier and the emigrant
lines. The Secretary of War—than whom there
are few or none who understand better the duties
of the Department over which he presides—asks
you to grant him liberty to employ that force. lie
has communicated the information upon which
his request is founded. In accordance with his
request, and in conformity with the information
which he presented to the Senate, the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs was author-
ized, with unparalleled unanimity, by the com-
mittee, to go to the President and the Secretary of
War, and ascertain all that he could from them in
relation to the present necessity, and then bring
their proposition before the committee for action.
That proposition was laid before the committee.
They have adopted it, and presented it to this
body.
