1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
463
training, and exercised in the practice necessary
to perfect them in that arm of the service to which
they belong. They are, for the most part, serving
as infantry. Many of our forts on the maritime
frontier are left unguarded and uncared for by
their proper occupants—the soldiers of the United
States, in some cases a sergeant and a handful
of men are stationed at a fort; in others somebody
otherwise unconnected with the Army is placed in
charge, and a few laborers are hired to do neces-
sary work. Now it is proposed to take from the
fortresses,-where there is a company, the half of
that company. Such are the make-shifts of the
military service in our great country.
The artillery are not, in fact, artillery. They
are not prepared now, if an exigency should arise
requiring their services, to do themselves the credit
and the country the justice which they would do
if we kept them at the places to which they should
be properly assigned—our fortifications.
Well, sir, the proposition originally introducer'
by the Senator from Illinois, was to give three
thousand volunteers to the President, m conse-
quence of the threatening aspect of our Indian
relations in the northwest. That seemed to be
objected to by almost every one. The proposi-
tion of the Senator from Virginia is to give two
regiments of mounted men, regulars, and five
hundred volunteers. The five hundred volunteers
would be insufficient for the purpose of overawing
the Indians from whom hostilities are feared, and,
therefore, I think it is manifest his amendment
will not answer the desired purpose. The Presi-
dent never contemplated the employment of vol-
unteers as dispensing with the necessity of that
increase of the regular Army for which he asked.
It was only preliminary to it—to occupy the
ground which they would occupy as soon as they
should be raised and organized.
I think every consideration prompts us to the
employment of regulars instead of volunteers,
and the necessity of the increase of the Army, from
the general considerations stated, must be appar-
ent. So, also, it seems to me there is a particular
necessity at this time for that increase. I confess
I have greater apprehensions than the Senator
from Virginia, if not as great as any Senator who
has spoken on this subject, of an extensive Indian
outbreak. I have had occasion, since the Presi-
dent's message was sent to the Senate, to examine
a variety of papers in the War Department, which
have been recently received, I have seen a letter
from Lieutenant Fleming, who commanded at Fort
Laramie, near which the massacre of Lieutenant
Grattan and his party took place. I have seen a
remarkably well written letter from Major Win-
ship, who is, I believe, an Indian agent, and who
furnishes most accurate and reliable information,
and another from an intelligent gentleman return-
ing from California, who was at Fort Laramie
on the day of the massacre of Lieutenant Grat-
tan's party, and at the time of that occurrence was
at the house of Rardeau, an Indian trader, within
eight of which the massacre took place, who wit-
nessed the whole transaction from the roof of the
house. From all these papers 1 am inclined to
think that, so far from this massacre owing its
origin to the killing of a cow, as some suppose,
that unfortunate affair was but an incident and a
consequence of premeditated hostility on the part
of the Indians, who had been encamped near that
fort for some days. And so far from condemning
that unfortunate young officer, who sacrificed his
life from a sense of duty, I feel disposed to applaud
him and exalt his memory, because I think he laid
down his life in discharge of what he considered
to be ^ue to personal honor and military dutv.
It is impossible to read the statement of Major
Wmship without perceiving that those three bands
of Indians, numbering between one tbotf&and and
fifteen hundred men, one of whom had killed the '
cow which led to this affray, were i.i a state of;
ill-feeling, at all events, towards the United States j
troops and authorities. When the animal was 1
killed, and the emigrant went to the fort to ask |
that a demand should be made for the punishment j
of jhe offender, the head chief was sent for, and i
at ""first promised to deliver him up; afterwards j
he invited the United States officer, commanding !
at Fort Laramie, to send to his camp and get the 1
man. Lieutenant Fleming accordingly sent Lieu- '
tenant Grattan with twenty nine men for this pur-
pose. They found the Indians encamped in such
a position as to show that an ambuscade was their
intention. Two of the bands were encamped
parallel with the road; the third, the Bruie band,
in the midst of whom the offender had taken ret-
uge, was between their encampment and tfte river.
The officer in command of the detachment had
to pass through the first two encampments to
reach the third. He was surrounded by neaily
fifteen hundred men in a state of great irritation,
and evidently prepared for what toiiowed. The
gentleman who saw the affair from the top of
Bard eau's house, says they surrounded him within
the space of twenty or twenty-five yards. The
chiefs told him that they had difficulty in restrain-
ing their young men. The officer saw—he could
not fail to see—that they meditated hostilities, and
wanted only a pretext. He was in a situation
from which he not only could not retreat with
honor, but couiu not retreat at all. He was com-
pelled to fight, and to lay down his life, as hedid.
The surrender of the fugitive had been promised,
and the promise was not fulfilled. Lieutenant
Fleming had been invited to send this detachment
for him. The Indian chiefs had chosen their
ground and^arranged their men with judgment, so
that the detachment must be surrounded if they
persisted in executing theirpurpose,and theyoung
warriors were seen to post themselves in some
coppice, near by the encampment. Every ar-
rangement of the savages indicated a premeditated
attack upon the troops.
There is some discrepancy in the evidence, as
to whether the firing was commenced by Lieuten-
ant Grattan*s command, or by the Indians. But
there are some circumstances which go to satisfy
me that the Indians made the attack; not with
rifles, to be sure, but with arrows, which, at
twenty-five yards distanceare quiteas efieciive as,
and probably moie sei viceable tnan, rifles, because
they can shoot more rapidly. The traveler who
saw the affray from Bardeau'e house, did not see
the flight of arrowy, but he saw the firing of the
guns; and the arrows might easily have been
shot without his seeing them. But v«ry few
Indians were wounded in the contest; only one
chief was killed, and two or three were wounded.
It is impossible to suppose that twenty-nine men
armed with muskets would have discharged their
muskets into such a body of men as the Indians
there collected, without doing more damage than
that. Besides, they fired both their howitzers
once. Yet every soldier was massacred, except
one man who escaped to the fort, and soon after
dud, while the ineffective fire of the troops could
only have been caused by the sudden, and, at the
moment, unexpected discharge of the Indian
arms, in the prosecution of that hostility which
they entertained. The savages then proceeded to
carry off the goods and stores from the store-
houses where they had been deposited; and Irom
that time down to the period ot our latest intelli-
gence from that country, they have manifested
a very fierce spirit of revenge. They talk of
u thirsting for war, and of wiping out the whites,"
one of their peculiar expressions, and a very sig-
nificant one. The Indian traders who have been
residing among these bands, we are informed by
these papers to which 1 refer, have withdrawn
from their stations in the Indian country, because
they are satisfied, from the language and conduct
of those Sioux, that their intention is to enter into
hostilitities, and considered neither their property
nor their lives to be safe. They do not know the
power of this country. They exaggerate their
own and they diminish ours. Phey are disposed
to try the fortune of war with us, preferring, as
they told Mr. Vaughan, the Indian agent, to steal
horses and take scalps to receiving the presents
which the United States make them. Since this
massacre a party of the same Indians has attacked
the mail wagons, killmgseverai men,and carrying
off, among other things, $10,000 in gold.
In this state of things, it seems to me that the
general necessity for an increase of our military
force becomes still more urgent. Then the ques-
tion arises, shall this increase be volunteers or
regulars ? Almost every one admits that we must
have two regiments of mounted men. It ought
to be remembered also, that in some parts of the
country we want foot soldiers. I understand, for
example, that a regiment of infantry is very much
needed in Oregon, where there are, particularly in
the eastern part of the Territory, some powerful
and warlike tribes, who are in a state of discon-
tent, particularly the Snakes, as mentioned by
the Senator from Illinois. Well, sir, I think no
one can hesitate to prefer the employment of reg-
ulars, if he has any regard to expense. I always
knew that volunteers were much more expensive
than regulars, but I did not know how much
greater was the expense of maintaining volunteer
than regular forces until I procured an estimate
from the War Department on the subject, which I
have in my possession. According to this esti-
mate, the sum required to organize, equip, and
maintain for one year two regiments of cavalry,
on the basis of sixty-four privates to a company,
is as, follows: For pay, expense of recruiting,
subsistence, quartermaster's department, and
medical department, $1,288,584. The cost of two
infantry regiments lor the same time, would be
$901,G25; making a total expense for the regular
forces of $2,189,209. There are three thousand
one hundred and fifty-four in four regiments,
estimating thecompanies at sixty-four men. The
cost of the mounted volunteers proposed to be
raised by the original amendment of the Senator
from Illinois, would be $3,695,8^9 for one year,
from which we have to deduct $203,742, the esti-
mated cost of five hundred Indians for the year.
Make this deduction, and we should find a differ-
ence of ,302,848 Jess expense in the organization
and maintenance for one year of three thousand
one hundred and fifty-four regulars than of three
thousand volunteers.
It is also to be remembered, that, at the close
of the year, at least three fourths of the dragoon
horses of the regular Army would still be in the
possession of the United States, and you would
have to add about $200,000 for this item, which
would make a difference of $1,500,000. There is
another thing to be considered, that, at the expira-
tion of the term of service of the volunteers who
furnish their own horses, they will have claims
for horses lost in the service; and it seems to me
that it would be a very safe allowance to add
$150,000 for this item; so that really, all things
considered, the expense of maintaining equal
bodies of regulars and volunteers is in favor o( the
regulars as one to two. On the score of expense,
therefore, u seems to me that there can be no
hesitation in giving the regulars the preference to
volu nteers.
Gentlemen best acquainted with the subject
seem to consider, as the Senator from Virginia
does, that regulars are much to be preferred to
volunteersfor this service forotherreasons. They
are under stricter discipline. They can be more
easily restrained. They can be used to everawe
the Indians, and to prevent hostilities. Volun-
teers cannot be used to prevent hostilities; they
wish to rush into a conflict at once; they seek to
increase and multiply hostilities. They go out,
as some gentleman from the West has well said,
for a fisjht, and a fight they will have. If they
fight, and pursue the Indians, they will kill a
great many, and break up and scatter the bands;
but after a while, when you have withdrawn your
forces, what will be the consequence? The In-
dians, in a state of desperation and revenge, will
renew the conflict, and you will then have to em-
ploy regulars after all, or summon together new
volunteers at fresh expense.
1 think, therefore, we cannot do better than
adopt the proposition of the Senator from Illinois;
but if the Senate shall not adopt it, I shall be
forced to take the proposition of the Senator from
Virginia, because I prefer that to calling out three
thousand volunteers. I think, however, the Sen-
ate should act for itself independently on this
subject. If the other House of Congress do not
choose to adopt the proposition, they can modify
it as suits themselves, and then we can agree with
them or not, as to us seems best. But the two
Houses of Congress being of equal and independ-
ent authority in such matters of legislation, it
becomes usto govern our course by our own judg-
ments, uncontrolled and unaffected by the sup-
posed judgmentoftheother House, which, indeed,
may not prove to be such as some Senators anti-
cipate. I will add, sir, that, at this period, when
labor finds less reward than usual, and extraordi-
nary want afflicts a part of our people, we shall
probably find that the recruiting service will pro-
ceed with unusual dispatch.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] has taken me to task
formy relations to the Administration. Heseems
to think that I am bound to sustain every propo-
