464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 80.
sition that comes from the Administration, in so
many letters and figures, and he boasts that he is
doing so. Well, sir, if that is the rivalry upon
which he invites me to enter, I assure him that I
willingly yield him the palm, because I do not hold
myself bound to register the edicts of any power
whatever. But I will say, in relation to this mat-
ter, that i suppose the best service I can render to
the Administration, and to my friends, is to con-
tribute all in my power to sound legislation. If I
can aid in producing a sounder state of legislation
than one which is proposed, I certainly render one
of the best services which I can render to those
who are in power, and who will have to execute it.
But, sir, is the gentleman from Georgia—this
new-made Administration man—so literal in his
obedience as he boasts of being? The proposition
of the Administration was for three thousand vol-
unteers. Does he adhere to that? If I understand
him, he is ready now to abandon it, if you will
give him four regiments of regulars. I understand
the chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
is ready to abandon that if you will gr'e him four
regiments of regulars; so that it seems they, loo,
claim the ri^ht of judgment in relation to the
merits of the propositions. I am sure that, if the
Administration and the War Department had to
choose between three thousand volunteers, with
out any addition to the legular Army, and (he
proposition which I have made, they would take
mine in preference to that. They would doubtless
prefer the three thousand volunteers mid the four
regiments; but if they could get only one or the
Other they would take my proposition. I believe
they would prefer four regiments to two; but in
that I differ from them, and I give my vote ac-
cording to my judgment, and not according to
theirs.
But the Senator from Georgia objects that this
is a proposition from the Committee on Military
Affairs, with which he seems to tlunk the Com-
mittee on Finance have nothing to do. Why,
then, do they offer it as an amendment to a general
appropriation bill, which comes from the Com-
mittee on Finance, and for which that Committee
is responsible? Why do they rot adhere to their
original independent measure, and bring that up
as a separate bill? If they hud done so, they
would have found the members of the Committee
on Finance no more disposed to meddle with their
measure than those of any other committee.
The Senator also objects to my saying that I
had consulted with srenllemen whom I supposed
were experienced and had knowledge of such sub-
jects, who thought the provision I proposed to
make would meet the emergency. Sir, we have
the testimony of a man, of whom I think we may
flay, without doing injustice to any other, that he
is, perhaps, better acquainted with the aubjectthan
any gentleman on this door, and as well acquainted
with it, as any in the United States—I mean the
distinguished Senator from Texas, who has
spoken to-day, [Mr. Rusk]—that my proposition
will meet the emergency. Hecomei from a dis-
trict of country which is supposed to be threat-
ened with this clanger; and he says my amend-
ment is satiefactuiy. Did you not. hear tile other
Senator from Texus, [Mr. Houston,] who also
is familiar with this matter, Bay a was not neces-
sary to make the addition which had been pro-
posed to the volunteers ?
Now, sir, ill regard to this subject there are
two sources of authority. There is the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs and the Department of
the Interior, who gather their information from
one source; and there is the Secretary of War,
who gathers his from another. In order to ascer-
tain fully what is the evidence in the case, we
must examine both. When you do that, I think
it will be found that the evidence, as far as it is
published, sustains the view which I have taken,
that there is no imminent prospect of a Keneral
Indian war. If there were such a prospect of an
Indian war from the British line down to the Gulf
of Mexico, the provision which the Committee on
Military AiTnrs has proposed, would not be ade-
quate, for three thousand volunteers would not be
enough to meet all the warriors whom those In-
dian tribes could put into the field. You find that
one account is given to ua hy the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Pearoe.] which he has gathered
from letters from officers ot'the Army, of the recent
outbreak near Fott Laramie; and you find another
account in the report of the Commissioner on
Indian Affairs, who gives us the statements of the
agents. I understand that one of the former
agents—the present Delegate from Kansas—has
letters in his pocket from some of tne agents who
have written to him that the Indians would give
up the offender in that particular case. I have not
seen the letters; but I asked permission to see
them, for I understand there are letters to that
effect. 1 know, too, that Major Neighbors, the
Indian agent in Texas, has lately made a report,
in which he says the Camanches are more peace-
fully inclined now than they have ever been, that
they are disposed to settle on their reservations.
And he speaks well of that policy.
Still, sir, all the agents admit that there is a dis-
position on the part of the roving tribes to plunder
the emigrant trains as they pass from one side of
the continent to the other, and that some force is
necessary in order to check those attacks upon the
trains. Those persons who ousfiit to know some-
thing about it, have been of opinion that two
mounted legiments will be sufficient. I will go
further, sir, and say that I believe if you were to
ask the Secretary of War himself whether those
regiments would not be sufficient to meet that
emergency of which I have spoken, and which is
the otily one that 1 believe to exist, he would say
this provision would meet that emergency. Now
why should 1 vote for more thai enough to meet
what is the actual demand upon the country for
military support and assistance? Why should I
go beyond that ?
Mr. SHIELDS. Let me say to the honorable
Senator that the Secretary of War has already
asked for three thousand volunteers for the imme-
diafe emergency, and also for four regiments, two
of mounted men and two of infantry. Now, I
suppose what the honorable Senator means to say
is, that the Secretary of War will accept just what
you give him; that is, he will try to do the best
he can with whatever force you allow him; but he
will tell you that he considers four regiments as
hardly enough, not for war, but to prevent a war.
Mr. IIUNTER. Mr. President, I have just
said that, in the opinion of the Secretary of War,
there is a greater emergency than I believe to
exist. I have said that the Secretary of War
desires not only the four regiments of regulars,
hut the three thousund volunteers. I believe that
he thinks it would be well to raise them all; in that
1 differ from him. What I did say was, that, for
the emergency of which 1 spoke, (that is, to pro-
vide for the necessity of guarding the emigrant
trains and of putting down occasional outbreaks
along the line,) 1 thought he would admit that
the force I propose to give would be sufficient, if
that were the whole extent of the emergency.
That he. thinks there is a greater emergency,
I have already acknowledged and said. That,
however, is a quertion of fact for the Senate to
decide; it is a question of fact for Congress to
decide upon all the rights which are before them.
I have a great lespect, sir, for the opinions of
the Secretary of War upon such subjects; I know
he would recommend nothing that he did not be-
lieve to be necessary; hut,at the same time, 1 must
he allowed to exercise my individual right of
judgment. I, too, have a conscience and an intel-
lect—a poor one, it is true; but still, I am respon-
sible for acting up to such lights as have been
given to me, and 1 must act according to my own
sense of right, and not according to the opinions
of another.
1 have said that, after an attentive examination
{ of the reports from the Indian department, as well
as fiom all that I could gather from both Depart-
ments,! came to the conclusion that the emergency
was not as pressing as other gentlemen seem to
have supposed. If I believed that there was im-
minent prospect of a general Indian war, I would
not do as the honorable Senator from Georgia
proposes to do—give up the proposition for the
three thousand volunteers, because they are asked
for as an immediate force. If I believed an In-
dian war were inevitable, I should go for that,
and for the other measure, too. But why does
he give it up? Not that he is not for it; I pre-
sume he is for it; but because he thinks hecannot
, carry both, and he believes it expedient to carry
. the provision for four regiments of regulars. I
| believe he cannot carry the four regiments of
! regulars; but I think he can carry the two regi-
I ments of regulars, and five hundred volunteers,
i Upon that question of expediency he has one
opinion, and 1 have another. He acts upon his,
and I upon mine. He maybe better informed;
he may have better sources of information than I
have; but we are each responsible for acting up
to such lights as we have. I believe that, if we do
raise the force, if we do make the provision which
my amendment seeks, we shall do all that will be
necessary, and we shall realize the good effects of
it, and wesholl find that more was not necessary.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, I shal1 not
enter into any controversy with my friend from
Virginia as to which is the better Administration
man. 1 have never claimed to be an Administra-
tion man; but I have claimed to have confidence
in their recommendations, when those recommend-
ations are based upon an absolute necessity, and
go towards protecting our fellow-citizens on the
frontier. It seems, however, from what has been
said by the Senator from Virginia, as if the Ex-
ecutive Department had a couple of heads. He
seems to rely upon the Secretary of the Interior
as the proper person to give information on this
subject.
Mr. HUNTER. I said I went to both sources.
I did not undertake to decide between them; but
I said I thought we ought to examine all the evi-
dence.
Mr. DAWSON. My impression was formerly
that the various Departments of the Government
concentrated all their information in the President,
and that he was the only channel through which
we were to receive suggestions on subjects coming
within his province, on which we could officially
rely. I am so little of an Administration man
that I knew nothing of the division of sentiment
between the Secretary of the Interior, on the one
hand, and the President of the United States and
the Secretary of War on the other. I did not
know before that there was such a controversy.
I did not know that we were to be called upon to
decide which understood the subject best; nor did
I suppose there was a division of opinion created
here by the officers in the Department <^f the Sec-
retory of the Interior.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope the gentleman will
allow me to state what I did say?
Mr. DAWSON. Certainly.
Mr. HUNTER. What I stated was, that there
was a contest between those from whom the heads
of these Departments derived their information.
There is a contest between the Indian agents and
the officers of the Army, and there has been ever
since the Department of the Interior was created.
There is a double head, and hence some of the
mischiefs under which we are now laboring.
Mr. DAWSON. Well, sir, who is the respon-
sible person to whom we are to look for the cor-
rection of this difference of opinion ? Am I to go
J to the Secretary of the Interior, and ask what the
t President of the United States ought to have done ?
I I should think not. It seems now, that there is a
difference of opinion on the subject. But what I
complained of, in my friend from Virginia, was
i not that he was not a good Administration man,
I but thathe did not give that credit and confidence
; to the representatives of the President and the
Secretary of War that he gave to the statements
of outsiders. That is the ground upon which our
variance originated. I have always preferred, aa
I a Senator, to take the information which I desired
to control my action, as a member of this body,
through the President of the United States. The
President has communicated to us the necessity
for the measure before us, and I beg leave to read
a few words from the letter of the Secretary of
War accompanying that communication of the
President. The Secretary of War says:
" Since the date of that report, (referring to his last an-
nual report), intelligence received from officers ori the
frontier, awl through the Deportment of the Interior from
Indian agents, and other sources, show that the Indians of
i J , WttS.V pr.ain<!s and mountains are in hostile and defi-
ant attitude, that several of those tribes have entered into
I comb.nauons for the purpose of making a goneiaUvarupon
^^pproacll.ng spring Ld smmTi/r,
; lh^,ose t,lbJes can bring into the field from four to mx or
, eight thousand warriors. Had the increase or' the Army,
| which was urged in my report of December, 1853, boen, at
j an early period, authorized, the force at ihe disposal of the
f epariiniMit would have been sufficient to prevent these
I combination*, arid, in all probability, would have preserved
i the Iivea of many valuable citizens from Indian ma«>acre.
Uus measure, however, has not been acted on, and at this
I advanced pf nod, should the bills, now ponding in Congress
. be passed, it will he found too lat<' to organize a regular
enlisted torcc, and place it in position m >ea-on to mvvent
ihe anticipated attack, or to suppress n until after much
mischief fehall have been Uone.'J
