1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. *
467
to do, for they are part and parcel of our territory,
butto display the power of the States of theUnion,
and the other Territories of the United States to
those people.
But, sir, aa I stated the other day, I do not
computeT.he whole number of Indians within the
boundaries of the United States at four hundred
thousand. I think, after the examination I have
given to the subject, that three hundred thousand
or three hundred and twenty thousand, is the
utmost limit of their numbers. We are prone to
exaggerate -the number of Indians; but even if
there should be one hundred and fifty thousand,
instead of two hundred thousand, as some suppose,
disposed to become hostile, they are enough to
indicate what true policy dictates to this Govern-
ment in fixing its military establishment for the
protection of the frontier.
Sir, I have spoken, on former occasions, of the
disposition of those Indians, from whom danger
is apprehended, of their savage habits, of their
natural propensities, and instincts, of their normal
condition, their passion for war. A desire for
war is not only an instinct with them, but it is a
tradition which has been inculcated on them from
their birth. It seems to be the universal passion
of their race. I do not lay stress on the propen-
sity of the Indians to become hostile, but 1 think
great weight should be given to the fact that many
of these tribes have never been addicted to habits
of peace and cultivation; and besides, they have
their natural instincts for war. One generation ie
not sufficient to bring them within the pale of civ-
ilization, and induce them to settle down quietly
in villages, and cultivate fields, and rely on their
industry for support and subsistence. We must
look at this fact, and above all, we must look at
the prospects which we, by our own policy, have
held out to them. We must consider that they
are savage, wild Indians, native children of the
forest, habituated to war not only during the pres-
ent generation, but having all their passion for
glory and distinction founded upon feats of arms.
We must not forget that the history of this
country has shown that these people, although
divided and mutually hostile, a they often are
among themselves, have had sufficient policy and
sagacity to organize formidable combinations
against the encroachments of the whites on their
territory. When our commissioners go to treat
with the Indians for more land, they 3eldotn meet
an old chief who does not throw it m the teeth of
our commissioners and of their Great Father.
This ia the continuation of a system which 1ms
been pursued from the time when the white man
first planted his foot on this continent. The
Indians are capable of combination; they are
capable of organizing formidable confederacies;
of burying the tomahawk as between themselves,
and making a common attack upon the encroach-
ments of the whites on the frontiers. You have
been encroaching on their hunting grounds. They
understand this perfectly, as well as we do. The
effects and consequences of it thgy appreciate as
clearly as we do. We are not only encroaching
on them from the east, but from the west also.
We are drawing them within a circle, though not
with the design of exterminating them, and de-
stroying the game from whieh they and their fore-
fathers have derived subsistence for centuries; but
they see very Well that, whatever our intention
may be, the consequence to them is the same.
We are drawing lines around them, not with the
same intention, but with the same certain effect
which follovys the toils of the huntsman in the
highlands of Scotland, or upon our western fron-
tier, who form a circle, and drive the game within
a focus, so as to give them a greater power over it.
The Indians understand these things just as well
as we do, although they have no books and no
written history; but yet, by tradition and native
sagacity, they appreciate it perfectly.
The considerations which I have presented
should, I think, induce us now to fix our military
establishment, if it be in our power, upon such a*
scale as will at least have a salutary effect in re-
straining their wanton depredations upon the fron-
tiers of the whites, both east and westof the Rocky
mountains. This, however, is not the only thing
whicl^ we should consider, in determining upon
this proposition. I agree with my friend from
Texas, who spoke yesterday, [Mr. Houston,]
that the true policy of the country is to cultivate
peace and friendly and amicable relations with the
Indians, both a% the cheapest system -of policy
which the United States can adopt, and the most
reconcilable to principles of humanity, and most
consistent with the dignity, character, and honor
of a powerful nation like this. I concur with him
to a great extent, as to the effect which may be
produced by a careful and p/udently devised sys-
tem for tempting as many of these tribes as pos-
sible from the chase and from war, and bringing
them to seek their subsistence from agriculture,
confining them to villages, and to the fields of in-
dustry which may be set apart for them by the
Government of the United States. I concur with
him, that the larger portion of the Indians are sus-
ceptible of being thus luted, because it is a mode
of ruling them by kindness. It is the most eco-
nomical system that can be adopted by the United
States, and the most effective in regard to the
larger portion of the Indian tribes.  
1 think, however, that my honorable friend from
Texas is in error upon one point. He does not
seem to give due weight to the consideration that,
upon our extended Indian frontier, there is always
mixed up with border settlements a class of men who
have no objection to an Indian war, but to whom
an Indian war is rather a God-send. It affords
them an opportunity to gratify the passions which
are natural to them, and by habit, or from some-
thins: else, perhaps from cupidity, they itch after
the fine lands in the possession and under the con-
trol of the Indians. Besides, there are some out-
laws whom it is impossible for any Government,
no matter upon what principle it may be organ-
ized, to control. The honorable Senator from
Texas did not seem to lake into the account the
inevitable aggressions which will be made by our
own border people, or a portion of them, upon
the Indians. No man in the Senate has a better
knowledge of the Indian character than that hon-
orable Senator. He knows they are suspicious,
resentful, and revengeful. lie has given one in-
stance of it, and excused it on the ground of the
passions excited in these people when injury has
been done to them.
Sir, when depredations are committed upon
them, when their villages are destroyed, and their
chiefs or warriors slain, by a few lawless banditti
from among the white men, they frequently do
not stop to consider whether such aggressions
represent the sentiment of the whole people of the
United States, but they immediately rush toarms,
and seek instantly to gratify their revenge. They
forget all our .efforts for their good," all our hu-
manity and benevolence, and all our attempts to
preserve peace among them; and, in a moment,
precipitate themselves upon the unoffending fron-
tier of theUnited States, and slaughter and destroy
all they can.
I think the chief error of the honorable Senator,
from Texas, who addressed the Senate yesterday,
is, that he did not seem to take into consideration
the danger which there is of aggressions on the
Indians from the lawless white men along our ex-
tended frontier. It will he impossible, with all
the arts he proposes to practice, the establishment
of trading posts, supplying their wants, and grat-
ifying their fancy, to protect them from those ag-
gressions, unless we have some military force ade-
quate for the purpose. He does not seem to-esti-
mate the necessity of having an imposing force—
I do not say a large force—upon such an extended
frontier for this purpose; but I think a little re/lec-
tion will satisfy every gentleman of its importance.
Now, sir, throw out of view altogether the At-
lantic and Pacific coasts, and suppose we should
remove all our regular trpops from the fortifications
on the Atlantic to our western Indian frontier this
side of the Rocky mountains, and that all our
disposable forces on the Pacific coast should be
thrown on the border settlements west of the Rocky
mountains, and we should then form a coidon of
posts around New Mexicoand the west of Texas,
and two or three on the boundary line between the
United States and Mexico. Where is your effect-
ive force to accomplish these objects' Your Army
now contains no more than eleven thousand effect-
ive men, rank and file. The honorable Senator
from Virginia, with this extensive frontier, pro-
poses an increase of eighteen hundred men. I
appreciate the motives of the honorable Senator
from Virginia, as the guardian of the public Trea-
sury, standing in his position, and feeling it his
duty to guard it against profuse or unnecessary
expenditures. Ail that he proposes to concede is
eighteen hundred men for this extensive frontier,
under present circumstances, and, according to his
arguments, for any exigency likely to arise in the
future.
Now, let me appeal to that Senator, as agentle-
man whose thoughts are turned mainly to econ-
omy and to the protection of the Treasury against
profuse and unnecessary expenditures, whether
economy would not be better consulted by provid-
ing an adequate force for our extended interior
border, than by an inadequate one? Why, sir,
from the Cherokee country, west of Arkansas, to
the British boundary at the north, is an extent of
six or seven hundred miles. There are the west-
ern borders of Minnesota, of Iowa, and of Mis-
souri to be defended. I speak not now of Nebraska
and Kansas, because they include the whole of
the territory from the western boundary of those
States to the crest of the Rocky mountains; but I
speak of the frontier of Minnesota, and of the
States to which I have referred; and I say that I
think a force of less than two thousand men would
be wholly unfit to give them proper security. I
do not mean a force to goon military expeditions,
regularly, or at short intervals, into the interior of
the Indian country. That subject has been very
well handled by thehonorableSenatorfromTexas.
I agree with him, that it is preposterous to march,
one thousand mounted men in any direction, in
order to overtake two thousand, or one thousand,
or even five hundred Indian warriors. They dis-
perse as soon as your force is in array, and you
have to pursue them to the gorges of the mount-
ains. Your men are not mounted in a manner
: to pursue them. They can always llee, and fscape
you. What I propose, is, that we should have a
force stationed at proper and suitable points along
our extended interior border. Posts should be
selected by military gentlemen, whose profession
it is to select proper points for military establish-
ments. We should have such force at each as
would demonstrate to the Indians that there is a
power in their neighborhood which is able and
disposed to chastise their aggressions at any time.
In this way,more than in any other, we shall pre-
vent these aggressions which are likely, if not
prevented, to lead to a general war.
I am very well aware, sir, that this question is
not considered by the Senate with that gravity
which, in my opinion, it deserves. It is a question
upon which I do not think honorable Senators
I can arrive at a conclusion without serious reflec-
tion. We have information before us, but that
Information is conflicting. If, by any imprudence
of ours, we provoke a war, either by carrying
military expeditions into their country, or by
leaving our frontier inadequately defended, and
there should be a combination even between one
third of the numerous Indian tribes upon that
border, we are in danger, during every season
adapted to military warfare, of having the flames
of Indian war kindled upon our borders, to which
the Florida war will be but a rush-light. What
did that cost the Government? Forty millions of
dollars, and that war was against but a few hun-
dred warriors—there were not a thousand of them.
The incidental expenses of that war swelled its
cost to more than §40,000,000. I Would direct
the attention of the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia to this fact. He is the natural guardian of
the public purse, by his official position as chair-
man of the Committee on Finance. Sir, the
economy which would save the difference between
two regiments of mounted men and five hundred
volunteers, on the one hand, and four regiments
on the other, may kindle the flames of war that
will cost you $10,000,000 a year to extinguish.
I stated, the other day, that if you do provoke
such a war as that upon the frontier settlements
of the United States, §10,000,000 a year, for a
series of years, will be required. Five millions
will not approximate to it. You can have no
Indian war upon our border east of the Rocky
mountains which will not be communicated by
sympathy to the western side of those mountains;
and almost all, if not all, the tribes upon the
Pacific coast will be brought also into a state of
hostility.
I repeat, again, they are aware of the conse-
quences of the advance of population east and"
west upon their old hunting grounds. I under-
stood, when I investigated thesubject,and I believe
I can state with some confidence that there are
forty-five thousand wild roving Indians who do not
