1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
473
en air line of telegraph, which will be perfectly
apparent to any one who gives any attention to
this subject. Let me say, in relation to this mat-
ter,**! hat, through these Territories, uninhabited as
they are, except by Indians, the construction of
an air line would be impracticable, while, in roy
opinion, that of a subterranean would be entirely
practicable.
It may be said—and this is the only objection I
have heard raised against this measure—that the
line would be destroyed by the Indians. But the
parties interested in this matter anticipate little
trouble upon that account. They think that they
will be able to protect itagainst the Indians, not by
offensive, but by peaceaule measures, by a distri-
bution of presents, or, to use a common expression,
by getting on the right side of them. One remark
further in' relation to this matter. The parties
named in the bill do not ask the Government to
protect.the telegraph after the line is constructed.
The Government, by the provisions of this bill,
is not under the slightest obligation to protect it,
and the responsibility of so doing falls alone upon
the parties themselves. They have no reason to
doubt that they will be successful in protecting it.
I desire now, in as few words as possible, to
state the substantial provisions of this bill. It
gives, in the first place, the right of way through
the public lands of the United States for the con-
struction of the line; and if these parties have to go
into a State to construct the line; as they will in
some State or other, as the bill requires that the
line should commence at some point on the Mis-
souri or Mississippi rivers; and if they commence
the consiruction of the line at some point in the
State of Missouri, they must go to the Legislature
of that State for the legislation necessary to carry
out their purpose; and if they commence it at
some point in the State of Louisiana, they must
go to the Legislature of that State for the same
purpose. If gentlemen will look at the second
section of the bill, they will see what the provis-
ions are in relation to the construction of this
lme. The requirements are such as to compel the
parties to lay'down a line of the best description.
There are certain privileges given to the Govern-
ment under this bill, to which 1 invite the atten-
tion of gentlemen. If the line is constructed, the
Government of the United States is to have the
right of sending over the line eight thousand words
per month; anil it is to have the prior use of llie
line to any extent within its capacity upon such
terms as Congress may prescribe.
One word as to the rates which the parties are
allowed to charge, which are ten dollars for each
message of ten words or less, from any point on
the Missouri or Mississippi rivers, or wherever
the line may commence, to San Francisco. This
charge may seem high. The rate that we now
pay for a telegraphic message of ten words, from
this city to New York, a distance of two hundred
and forty miles, is fifty cents. At the same rate,
taking into consideration the distance from the
Mississippi river to San Francisco, two thousand
four hundred miles, and the greater cost of a sub-
terranean over an air telegraphic line, these parties
would charge at the rate of thirty dollars for ten
words; but, by the provisions of this bill, they
cannot charge over ten dollars for a message of ten
words.
O.ie word as to the difference of cost between a
subterranean and air line telegraphic communica-
tion. The average cost of the air line, as I am
informed, is about $150 per mile. The cost of
this line will be nearly seven times as much, so
that the rate which these parties would be allowed
to charge under this bill, taking into consideration
the distance and the increased expense of the sub-
terranean over the airline telegraph, would be
much less in proportion than the rates charged
upon the line between this city and New York,
and other lines in the country. The parties are
rfquired, by the bill, to keep the line m operation;
and in case they should fail, for a period of six
months, to keep it in operation, the whole line is
forfeited to the Government of the United States.
1 desire now to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the important part of the bill, so far as
the Government of the United States is concerned.
Thebill makes aconditional grantof land, amount-
ing to two millions of acres, to be taken along the
line of the telegraph through the Territories,
within fifteen miles on either side of it, and if,
in two years after the line has been completed,
the Government has not caused them to be
surveyed, then the parties are to have the priv-
ilege of relocating the like quantities of land in
any of the now existing Territories which is sub'
ject to private entry or sale. This grant of land
is, I suppose, the feature of the bill to which the
most opposition will be made. Now, the ques-
tion first comes up, what is tiiis grant worth ? In
the report made upon the subject, the land taken
along the line is estimated to be worth sixty-two
and a half cents an acre. Will any gentleman
say that it is too low a valuation ? If it is a cor-
rect valuation, the grant is worth $1,250,000.
Now, for what the Government grants it gets in
return' what I have just mentioned—the right of
sending over the line ninety-six thousand words
annually, which, at the rate of charges allowed
under the terms of this- bill, is worth to the Gov-
ernment $96,000 a year.
I have thus stated the principal provisions of
this bill. Now, one word as to the power of this
Government to make grants of this nature. I
hold, sir, it is entirely constitutional, as well as
expedient. We have a State, a War, a Navy,
and a Treasury Depaitment, and it is certainly in
the power of the Government, in its discretion, to
authorize those Departments to resort to those
means of communication with the different parts
of the country which may be necessary for car-
rying out their undoubted powers. Has not Con-
gress the right to authorize the State, the Treasury,
the Navy, and the War Departments, and every
other department of this Government, to contract
for the transmission of their messages arid letters?
Certainly Congress possesses the power. These
Departments have business daily to transact at
distant points, and messages to transmit, which
must go in some way or other—by express, by
railroad, or in some other way. Cannot the
Government authorize those Departments to con-
tract for the transmission of those dispatches?
Can it not, as is proposed m this bill, authorize
those Departments to send those dispatches over
the line of telegraph which ia proposed in this bill?
That is exactly what the bill proposes.
Mr. Chairman, after all, I think this question
is purely a question of expediency, fof I appre-
hend that no gentleman will make the point as to
the constitutionality of the provisions of thisbill.
It is a practical question, and the question left for
us to decide is this: Is the Government so far
interested in the construction of a telegraph line
between the Mississippi or Missouri river and
San-Francisco, as to be justified in making the
proposed line? Well,gentlemen might, perhaps,
differ in opinion—some may think Government
will have frequent occasion to use it, while others
might think the Government would have little
occasion to use it. Now, in order that there may
be no doubt upon this point—a point which I con-
sider the main one in this discussion—I shall pres-
ently send to the Clerk's desk, letters which 1 have
received from the Secretaries of the Treasury,
State, War, and Navy Departments, in reply to
letters I addressed to them, making inquiries as to
the extent their several Departments would be
likely to use this line in case the bill should pass
and the line should be constructed.
Mr. Chairman, whatever necessity may exist,
at the present time, for the use of such a line on the
part of the Government, that necessity will con-
tinue to exist; and notonly to exist, butto increase
with every year'which rolls over our heads. The
increase of our population and the increase of our
business will enhance the use and convenience of
this line with every year that passes away.
But I promised not to detain the committee. I
desire to send to the Clerk's desk, letters from the
Secretaries of State, Treasury, War, and Navy
relating to this matter. The letters from the Secre-
taries of War and Navy cover letters from the
heads of bureaus under those Departments, some
of them entering fully into this sul ject.
One letter, that of General Gibson, at the head
of the general subsistence department, expresses
the opinion of its writer, that his bureau would
use the line, in time of peace, to the extent of two
hundred words a month, should the line be put
in operation. There are eight bureaus in the War
Department, and if all of them used the line pro- |
portionally, it would amount, in the aggregate, to [
sixteen hundred words per month, for that Depart- I
ment alone, equal to one fifth of the amount of the
privilege of sending ninety-six; thousand words '
annually, which the Government is to have by
the provisions of the bill.
I ask that the the letters may be read, and then
I will close with but few addiiional remarks.
The Cierk read the letters, as follows:
Treasury Department, December 16, 1854.
Sir: t have the honor to acknowledge the receiptor
your letter of the 14th instant, submitting, on behalf ot the
Committee on Territories, a bill authorizing thtt construc-
tion of a subterranean line of telegraph from the Missis*
sippi or Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and in reply
to your inquiries, to state that thia Department would, prob-
ably, find very frequent occasions for availing its* if of the
facility of communication with its officers on the Pacific
coast, by means of the proposed telegraph, should it be
established. This, however, would not dimmish tho ne-
cessity for the transmission of the same matter in writing
by mail, in more exact and extended communications.
The requisite official authority so essential in ranch of
its correspondence to the legal -discharge of its duties,
would, also, render it necessary for the Department to
transmit its orders in writing, by mail, though the telegraph
would still be called into frequent requisition as a useful
auxiliary in cases requiring promptness and dispatch.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
JAMES GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. E. W. Farley, Member of Committ<eon Territories,
House of Representatives, Washington city.
Department op State, >
Washington, December J 9,1854. >
Sin : I have received your letter of the 16th, and have
examined the copy of the bill which accompanied it, rela-
tive to a line of telegraph between the Mississippi and the
Pacific. The provisions of the bill appear to me to be fdir
and judicious. In answer to your specific inquiry, whether,
if tho line of telegraph proposed to be authorized should be
constructed, and go into operation, it would he used by
this Department for the purpose of facilitating its^usmess,
I have to state, that it would unquestionably be found con-
venient, useful, and frequently indispensable for that pur-
pose. The clause in the bill, which imposes a penalty for
divulging dispatches of the Government, may be cont-idered
to be a "wise precaution. The absence of such a check upon
the indiscretion or infidelity of the operators on existing
lines, has sometimes occasioned no little uneasiness.
I have tho honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant, W. L. MARCY.
To tJjc lion. JE. W. Farley, House of Representatives.
War Department, )
Washington, December 29,3854. $
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your letter of the 14th instant, inclosing a copy of a bill
" authorizing the construction of a subterranean lino of
telcginph fiom tho Mississippi or Missouri river to the
Pacific oocan," and asking to be informed of the extent to
which a would be used by this Department, especially in
time of war.
In reply, I transmit you reports from the chief* of the
military bureaus of this Department, to whom your letter
and tho bill wore referred, from which you will perceive
that such a line of telegraph would be a greit convenience
in time of peace ; but the exact extent to which it would be
used cannot be estimated. In time of war, the import-
ance and advantage ol it would be very great.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JEFF. DAV IrS, Secretary of }Far.
Hon. E. W. Farley, House of Representatives.
Navy Department, January 19, 1855.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your communication of the lHh instant, inclosing a copy of
a bill to authorize the construction of a subterranean iirie
of telegraph from the Mississippi or Missouri river to the
Pacific ocean, upon which you desire from me a further
expre-sion of opinion as to the importance of tuch a line of
telegraph to the Navy Department, and the extent to which
it would be used in time of peace and in war, as an aid to
this Department, in facilitating its business at San Fran-
cisco, uud generally on the Pacific coast.
To aid me m arriving at some conclusion in thi«? matter,
I referred your letter, and the copy of the bill which accom-
panied it, io some of the chiefs ol bureaus, copies of whose
replies arc inc4osed herewith.
it is impossible for me to conjccture, with an approxima-
tion to accuracy, as to the number of words, oi the fre-
quency, with which the proposed telegraphic line would be
used. I can well conceive of many advantages, even in
tune of pi>ace, but in time of war they would be surely
multiplied.
Our crowing and promising intercourse with China and
Japan, the enlargement of our trade and commerce in the
Pacific, the completion of a navy-yard at Mare Island, will
all lend to increase our naval forces in those regions, and if
we can communicate by telegraph, through San Frapcnco,
naval orders, in peace and war, will very often, if not gen-
erally, be transmitted in that way. Indeed, I am satiffied,
jt would produce a facility for sending or countermanding
orders by which much money could be annually saved.
With very great respect, I am.sir, your obedient servant.
J.C.DOBBIN.
Hon. E. W. Farley, House of Representatives.
Those letters, coming from important Depart-
ments of the Government, settle the question as
to whether the Government woutd have any use
for the line; and I shall say nothing more on that
point. Let me now refer to a point whirh I have
omitted, and that is in reference to the construc*
tion of the lir.e, and its protection from the In-
dians. The bill provides that there shall be station*
