185g.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
475
It cannot be said that this measure has been
sprung upon the House or upon the committee.
It has been before the House during the whole
e|ssion. It came here at the last session. I have
only done my duty in trying to get it in a position
•where it could be acted upon. I consider it of
great importance, not only to the States, but to
the Territories through which this line is to pass.
In a few years, settlements will be made all along
this line. I think that it is properly a territorial
bill. I believe that, but for the kind of opposition
which has been made here this morning, this dis-
cussion would have nearly closed by this time.
I regret the kind of opposition that has been made
to it. It does not intimidate me atall. I-fearnot
that kind of opposition, especially when I know
that I am right, let it come from whatever quarter
it may.
I now ask that the committee will act upon this
measure, and decide it in one way or the other. I
ask that the committee will not set the bill aside
until it has been finally acted upon.
Mr. BENTON, (resuming.) "When I yielded
the floor to the member from Maine, I supposed
that he was going to say something in relation to
the motion submitted by the gentleman from Ore-
gon—perhaps to agree to it. I did not expect
him to renew his speech upon the merits of the
bill, and I must protest against the time he occu-
pied being taken out of my hour.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remark
to the gentleman from Missouri, that th.e usual
ruling of the committee has been to compute the
time from the moment the floor is assigned to a
gentleman. The time he has yielded to the gentle-
men from Oregon and Maine will come out of his
hour. That has been the ruling of the committee.
The Chair will further state, that the gentleman
from Oregon had not the floor to moke any
motion.
Mr. BENTON. I desire a deduction of the
time occupied by the gentleman from Maine.
With respect to the gentleman from Oregon,!
cheerfully yield the time he occupied to him, for
I think the day is his, and that he oughtto have it.
Mr. Chairman, this is " an act authorizing the
construction of a subterranean line of telegraph
from the Mississippi or Missouri river to the
Pacific ocean." Subterranean I Sir, if the gentle-
man from Maine lived a little nearer to the country
through which this line of telegraph is to pass, he
would know that some of the Indians who inhabit
that country are diggers—root diggers. They live
by digging. They understand it perfectly. You
may make a hole anywhere in the ground, and
cover it up, and by looking at it they will know
that there ia a hole there. [Laughter.] And they
will probe it and find what is there. Sir, the busi-
ness of hiding and finding is a profession pursued
by the entire body of the Indians, and the entire
body of the white people engaged in business or
commerce from the Mississippi to the Pacific.
It ia called cache from the French verb cachcr, to
hide. Everything wished to be saved is hid in
the ground, and a continual search goes on among
all the Indians to find everything that may be so
hid; and most expert they are at it. This is to
be"a "subterranean" line—subterranean, and, I
suppose, subaqueous, also. It is to be made in
plow furrow. A plow is to be run from the
Mississippi to the Pacific,, and the wires laid in
the furrow.
Two millions of acres of land for this purpose !
I undertake to say that two millions of men could I
not protect it from these diggers. I undertake to [
say that the best men of Maine—and there are as [
good men there, as vigilant and brave, as there are
in the world—might stand straddling the line of a i
datk night [laughter] and the Indians would come j
and cut it under them; they would come and !
see what was there, and take away anything jj
they might think of use. That is the law of the i
prairies; and I wish gentlemen to understand this. ||
You might have a line put up in the air; but the ■' [
idea of that plow line from the Atlantic to the jj
Pacific, showing its course the whole distance like jj
a mole track, is preposterous. The bill proposes j|
to appropriate two millions of acres; but such a
latitude of choice was never known. Two mil- j
lions of acres of land for running a plow line—
one line, one furrow, no matter how shallow—is
to be appropriated to saiij Alden and Eddy, their
heirs or assigns. These assigns! Mr. Chairman,
these assigns!! The moment ! see that word
"assigns" I startup—bubble stock rises before
me, to be gambled for in the exchanges of New
York and London. Just as much will be done as
will make that stock salable in market, and then
whatever is got is all clear gain. The expense
comes out of the pocketof our old relation, "Uncle
Sam," who, being supposed to have no children,
must have assigns. [Laughter.]
These gentlemen (Alden and Eddy) are author-
ized to construct, at their own expense, a line of
telegraph at such point as may be hereafter se-
lected. Now, sir, what liberty of selection ! The
Mississippi river covers, I believe, seventeen par-
allels of latitude; and they can select from any
point on that river, which washes many States,
and it must cross a State to get fiast or West from
the river. There is, sir, what I think we may
call a cateplasm in the concluding portion of the
clause, in the shape of legislative consent by the
States, to this Federal Government running tele-
graphic lines through them. Sir, the fathers of our
country knew nothing at all about this cateplasm;
but legislated in the mode prescribed in the Con-
stitution, which could not be altered by the con-
sent of a State.
Well, sir, the sixth section provides that, upon
the completion of said line of telegraph, and so
soon as the same shall be put in successful opera-
tion, and the free use thereof tendered to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, there shall be issued
to said Alden and Eddy, their heirs, or assigns,
in exchange and payment for the free and prior
use of said line in perpetuity, land warrants for
two millions of acres, excluding all mineral lands,
which two millions thev are authorized to select
and locate, as follows; From and after said com-
■ pletion they shall have the right to select, from
any of the public lands along and within fifteen
miles of said line of telegraph, in the now existing
Territories, not before sold or appropriated, any
quantity not more than a section, and in alternate
sections.
What a latitude of selection is there given to
them ! They can select within fifteen miles of the
line of telegraph, anywhere in an expanse of
seventeen parallels of latitude. From that they
are to run as they please, here and there, in search
of good land, zig-zag, like the Virginia corn-field
fence, through the best tracts, and through the
richest lands that can be found, from the Missis-
sippi to the Pacific ocean. There is a great lati-
tude there. They are not to take land, but they
are to take land warrants,and though, at present,
these warrants may not be reduced to subdivision,
they will, like the Virginia military land warrants,
come down 10 forty acres before the assigns get
them. The result will be that they will pick out
the eyes of the country; will select the best land
everywhere; they will take every spring, every
grove of timber, every tract of rich land, and
every dominating point they can find—the passes
in the mountains, fords, ferries, &c, Where un-
surveyed lands shall have been selected, the Pres-
ident of the United States shall cause the same to
be surveyed, if practicable, and if, after two years
from the completion of the line, said lands shall
not have been surveyed—what then > Then it
shall be optional with said Alden and Eddy, their
heirs or assigns, and they shall have the right, to
relocate the like quantities of land in any now ra-
ising Territories, in alternate sections, where they
have been surveyed, and shall then be open to
private entry or sale. Such a thing was never
asked before, much less granted. What are these
parties to do? They are to keep up this line
forever, perpetually, so long as water runs and
grass grows. Then the United States are to have
the use of it to eternity; they are not limited to
the age of Methuselah, which 1 think would be
enough, butgo on to eternity. It is a bargain for
eternity. But I will find out a creep-hole for this
eternity; I would not give a straw for such an
eternity. Old as I am, I would not be willing to
accept a lease of my life for the eternity which
this thing will have, so far as the Unitcd«States
use of it is concerned.
" Provided, That, m the event a railroad to the Paciflc
ocean shall he located on or near said line of telegraph, be-
fore said patents shall be issued, the grant of land contem-
plated m this section ihall be so located as not to interfere
with the location under any grant Congress may make in
aid of the construction of said railroad."
Then comes a provision extending the penal
laws to those who violate and trespass upon this
line. That is the protection which this bill affords
against the depredations of the Root Diggers.
These penal laws are to protect it. I would like
to see one of our marshals caich a Root Digger,
and,punish him, criminally,for havingdugupthis
line, as dig it up he would to see what it was, and
to take everything which he could make into a
string, or a point of an arrow, or to kindle the
fire with. How wodld you apply your laws to
him ? I now come to what ia the creep-hole of
this whole thing:
" That said Alden and Eddy, their associates and assigns,
shall, at their own expense, keep taid line of telrgraph in
workin? order,"and, at their own cost, operate tin; same,
transmuting said Government dispatches and communi-
cations at all limes, when said line shall be in working
condition," 
Creep out hole number one.
—" as requested by the officers or authorized agents of
said Government; and if they shall at any time unreason-
ably refuse so to do, or shall neglect, for the space of six
successive months, to operate said line—unless prevented
from so doing by some unforeseen disaster," 
Creep out hole number two.
—" or some unavoidable calamity," 
Creep out hole number three. •
—" arising from sickness of operators" 
Creep out hole number four.
—" or from Indian hostility and depredation" 
Creep out hole number five.
—" said line of telegraph, with all its appurtenances, shall
be forfeited to, and become the property of, the United
States."
That being the case, I shall do all I can to pre-
vent the United States from being the owner of any
such property in working, or not working, condi-
tion.
At the end of two years, when one message is
sent through, two millions of acres of land are to
go to these parties. Theygetpayin handforser-
vices to be rendered to eternity. When they get
hold of this land once, it is gone forever. There
will be an eternal end of it to us. W«hen this fur-
row has been run once, and the telegraph line laid
down and covered over, all the parties will have
to do is to let the work go to the Government, and
in six months the ruins of it belong to the United
States. And what are the United States to do
with it? How many men will they employ to
operate and protect it, and what will it cost?
Twenty-odd years ago, when the proposition was
made for the Government to raise live-oak for our
Navy, I said, at.the time, that 1 would undertake
to predict that every cubic foot of live-oak we
would get from our plantations would cost us a
cubic foot of silver; and the only qualification
that I make in regard to this telegraphic line is,
that we will pay a cubic foot of gold. It will be
the same with everything the Government under-
takes to do—this telegraph line inclusive, if so
unfortunate as to become its owner; and that they
will be pretty sure to do m the first six months
after it has carried through one message. The
Government is put forward as the party to be ben-
efited ; but it is a line for the public, for everybody;
and this governmental business, which is a mere
incident common to every line, is to give us juris-
diction, and make it constitutional. Why not
christen it a "military telegraph," and so bring
it under the war power, or a " commercial tele-
graph," and so bring it under the power to regu-
late commerce? But where is it to begin for the
benefit of the Government ? Not here, where the
Government is, but where the parties please, from
the head to the mouth of the-Mississippi, Then
the Government will want another line to get to it,
nearly as long as itself. This is beautiful accom-
modation to the public.
The Government is no hand to carry on busi-
ness of any sort. The cheapest way is to go into
open market, and pay down for each thing it
buys, and for each job it gets done. That is the
on]i y way to protect itself from the fate of " Moses
Primrose " at the fair.
Now, Mr. Chairman, we know something about
this country between the Mississippi and the Pacific
ocean, and upon that knowledge, I, for one, am
ready to say no telegraph can be protected except
it is in conjunction with a road, either common or
railroad. It must be a road on which people
Jive and pass continually, to take care of it. In-
habitants and continual passers alone can protect
it—and it had better be in the air than in a plow
furrow, so shallow as to be easily raked up. But
it will be cheap, very cheap, much cheaper than
