1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
477
wording, maybe carried out. This Government
does not forfeit or risk its title to one single acre of
land of the two Millions of which the honorable
gentleman from Missouri spoke in such terms of
lidicule. Not one single acre will ever pass into
the hands of this company, or into the hands of
any other company, until the whole line of tele-
graph is completed to the satisfaction of the
Government of the United States.
The honorable gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Benton] started out with the assumption, upon
which his argument was founded—and I know
that the whole strength of the opposition to this
bill is founded upon the same point—that the plan
is not a practicable one. Weil, sir, wBose risk is
that ? Admitting, for the sake of argument, that
it is impracticable, it is at the risk of the company
who undertake to carry it out. Suppose you pass
the bill, and, after making the effort, these men
find that the completion of this work is not practi-
cable, they are the losers, and not the Government.
If they are willing to incur the risk and the respon-
sibility, we risk nothing by it. If, after having
commenced, they find themselves compelled to
abandon the project, they not only lose the capi-
tal invested, but "they lose the work, the materials,
and everything connected with it. They must go
on and comply it, and put it in operation within
the space of two years. That is in accordance with
the provisions of the bill. But, sir, I apprehend
that this measure can be carried out at first if at
all. The opposition that will be made—if oppo-
sition is made—will be in the outset, and not in
its final operation. If these Indians are going to
dig up these wires, if they are going to destroy
the work, 1 ask you if they will not be likely to do
it at once—at first? And if they do destroy it, I
repeat, the Government will not be the losers,
because the fee-simple of not one acre of land will
pass out of their hands until the whole line is put
m working order.
I confess that this is, to my mind, a stupendous
undertaking upon the*part of these men. But,
sir, when the line has been completed, and the
Government is called upon to transfer the lands
into the hands of these men, it will not do it with-
out a consideration. The Government is, by the
terms of the bill, to receive eight per cent, per
annum upon the entife grant, to say nothing of
what the construction of the line will save to the
Government. Why, sir, when now a vessel of
war comes into the harbor of San Francisco the
usual custom now is for them to write to the De-
partment at Washington for orders, and to wait
for a reply. It requires thirty days for their letter
to reach here, and thirty days for the orders from
the Department to go back, and the vessel is thus
compelled to wait for sixty days in the Bay of San
Francisco, at an expense to the Government of
#500 per day. But, sir, if the provisions of this
biH arecarried out, theGovernmerit will be allowed
' the free use of the line to a specific extent, and
many thousands of dollars will be saved every
yesr. This example is but one among many.
The gentleman from Maine, who opened the dis-
cussion upon this bill, told the committee that the
value of these lands, from computations made by
him, was about sixty-two and a half cents per
acre. Now, sir, at this rate the two millions of
acres, whifiithiabill grants, would cost $1,250,000.
The number of words which the Government are
to transmit free of cost across the continent, would
amount to about $100,000 per year, if paid for.
In other words, the Government will receive a
perpetual benefit amounting to eight per cent, upon
the whole value of the grant.
The greatest objection to this bill, to my mind,
upon which the gentleman from Missouri dwelt
upon very properly and very forcibly, is this: It
gives to these parties the privilege of going
beyond a certain limit in the selection of their
lands. The paragraph in the bill to which I
allude, is in the following language:
" Where unsurveyed lands shall have been selected, the
President of the United States shall cause the same to be
surveyed, if practicable; arid if, after two years Irom tin:
completion us aforesaid, said lands shall not have been
surveyed, it shall be optional with said Alden and Eddy,
their heirs or assigns, and tliey shall Have Hie ratn, to relo-
cate the like quantities o( land in any now existing Territo-
ries, in alternate sections, when they have been surveyed,
and shall then be. open to private entry or sale."
That portion of the bill I regard as exception-
able. I think it should be stricken out, and that
these men should be conlined in the selection of
their lands to within'a certain distance of the line
of telegraph.
It is suggested by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Disney] that that would be exceedingly
unfair, because many of the lands along the line
would be valueless. Now, sir, I take it "or grant-
ed that these men would locate their telegraph
line where settlements would most probably take
place. It would be for their interest so to do,
because they would, by that course, derive the
greatest advantage from the sale of their lands.
One thing more, and I shall have done. I know
very well that there are many gentlemen here—
and that was the line of argument pursued by the
gentleman from Missouri—who are opposed to
the-creation of any company of this kind, or of
making any grant to them, because they retain a
hope that, before this Congress terminates, or, at
least, during the next Congress, a grant will be
made for the purpose of constructing a railroad- to
the Pacific, and that a telegraph line will go in
company with the railroad.
Mr. BENTON. A railroad or a common.road
—either one or the other.
Mr.LATHAM. Now, Mr. Chairman, I want
to know if a telegraph is not as liable, and much
more so, to be destroyed by Indians if it is in the
air as if it is underground? Is there any gentle-
man here who, in his calm judgment, would pre-
tend to say that a telegraph in the air would not
be exposed to far more danger of destruction than
one under ground ?
As to running the telegraph along with the rail-
road, every gentleman knows that it would take
a long series of years to build the road. If we
can judge at all from the history of those railroads
already constructed in this country, taking into
consideration the extent of a Pacific railroad, and
the great difficulties which will have to be sur-
mounted, this Government on the one side, and
the people on the Pacific coast on the other, will
have to wait fifteen or twenty years before it can
be built. Ten years is the very shortest time in
which the most enthusiastic suppose that it can be
built. Sir, you might as well ask us to wait until
the whole country is settled up and organized into
Slates, and until this territory teems with popula-
tion, and sends its representatives here. Then
the people along the line will have power,of their
own to build a telegraph and railroad, and will ask
no assistance from this Qovernment. If that is
the line of argument that gentlemen wish to adopt,
let them say so. If they think that neither of
these propositions can be carried out, because
there is no population in the basin which lies be-
tween the Mississippi and the Rocky mountains,
let them say so; but do not let them believe that
they can carry out these measures by individual
enterprise until that period arrives.
I wish to call the attention of the committee to
the fact that there is not a Government upon "the
face of the earth that aspires to political eminence,
and to the power and position that we do, but
what has seen fit to bind the extremities of its
empire together by means of these subterranean
telegraphs. There are 175 telegraphs running from
the city of Paris to the extremities of the French
Empire; 23 to Lisle, communicating in two min-
utes; to Brest,80,givingknowledgein ten minutes;
to Strasburg, 4G, running in six minutWand a half;
and to Calais, 1^7, going in three minutes—all com-
municating within the space of ten minutes from
the seat ofpower to the extremities of the nation.
When the French made their expedition against
Algiers, so perfect was their system of telegraphs,
that they had a nocturnal telegraph. At posts they
had lanterns, with powerful magnifying glasses
and strong reflectors, lighted with gas. In the
German Empire there are telegraphs of this kind
running along; all the public roads. There are one
thousand eight hundred miles of this telegraph in
the kingdom of Prussiafand now Russia is adopt-
ing the same policy and connecting the remotest
portions of her Empire together by means of the
subterranean telegraph. But this Government,
which has the power, I maintain, which has the
control of all portions of its territory for all pur-
poses connected with its own maintenance and the
protection of its own citizens—this Government,
alotie, will not assert this right; will not maintain
its own dignity by binding the extremities of its
territory with hooks of steel, or with wires of
electricity; but they, on the contrary, are willing
that that portion of the Confederacy which has
already added $298,000,000 in gold dust to the
wealth of the country 
Mr. BRIDGES, (interrupting ) I would ask
the gentleman whether he has any idea how much
it would cost a mile to construct this telegraph?
Mr. LATHAM. Yes, sir; I have. It will
cost $1,250 a mile. J say that a State occupying
this relative position toward the General Govern-
ment ought to have those ordinary facilities ex-
tended to it which the Government has within its
power, for the purpose of preserving its unity.
Mr. Chairman, there are ot' r remarks which
1 desire to make, but an unwillingness upon my
part to occupy the attention of the committee,
and a desire that this bill should be brought to a
vote, induce me to sacrifice my own sense of duty,
in the presentation of these facts and considera-
tions, to the wish of the committee as already
indicated.
Mr. CRAIGE. I desire to say but a single
word, and I intended to have asked the gentleman
from California a question before he took his seat.
I was much struck with the remarks which he
made with regard to the telegraphs which they
have in Russia and France. The gentleman
seemsto think that, if they have them there-, there
is no difficulty in our having them here. He
seems to have forgotten entirely that this is neither
a consolidated republic, nor a consolidated mon-
archy, but that we are a confederation of thirty-
one independent States, and our Federal Govern-
ment a Government of limited powers, and, there-
fore, that the argument applying to France and
Russia, does not apply to the Government of the
United States.
Mr.LATHAM. No doubt, in my desire to
be brief, 1 did not connect my ideas as I wished
to do, and would have done if 1 had had more
time allotted to me. But, surely, the gentleman
from North Carolina does not pretend to say that
this Government, although it is a Federal Govern-
ment, and one of limited powers, has not the power
to make a grant of lands in its Territories, over
which it has supreme control, for any purpose *
which tends to further the interests of the Federal
Government as a Government.
Mr.CRAIGE. Thegentleman spoke of regard-
ing this Government as a unit, and I merely rose
to say that I can never recognize such a doctrine,
either here or elsewhere.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I expect to take no part
in this discussion, because my colleague has ex-
pressed the views which I should have advanced
to the committee. But, I wish to say here that
I have some knowledge of the country through
which ihis telegraph is to run, and that I do not
deem it an impracticable scheme. The connec-
tion of the Government with it is simply this:
the Government proposes, according to this bill, to
give two millions of acres of land, worth not more
than half a million of dollars; it proposes, upon
the completion of the line of telegraph, to concede
these lands by way of purchasing thferight to use
the line for Government purposes. That is the
proposition now. It involves no question of con-
stituiional law. It is simply whether the Govern-
ment will undertake to purchase the right to use
the line for Government purposes after it is finally
completed. I can see no sound objection to the
bill itself. It involves no questionable principle.
I believe it to be practicable, and, I think, that,
as a matter of policy and economy, the bill should
Mr. BENTON I address myself to the Dele-
gate from CJtah, [Mr. Berniiisel.] I wish to be
informed to what use it is supposed the digger In-
dians would apply the wires, the platina? I wish
to ask the Delegate from Utah to what use he be-
lieves the digger Indians would apply these wires?
I will state what I think on that point. These dig-
gers have, each one, a stick, a long slender stick,
with a hook at the end of it, and the purpose of
these sticks and hooks is described in Fremont's
report of his expeditions. The Delegate from Utah
says he has seen thousands of them. Mr. Fre-
mont reports that he saw no diggers without this
long slender stick, with a hook at the end of it.
The object of the hook is to assist them in pursu-
ing the lizard, a chief article of food with them.
The lizard runs for his life, when he sees one of
these diggers with his stick, and gets into a hole.
The Indian puts in this hooked stick and brings it
out, and quick he is broiled and eaten. Now, this
wire will be a God-send to these diggers. They
