478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30*
will consider it the greatest benefit you have ever
conferred upon them. They will bless this Gov-
ernment for it—for this liberal supply of fifteen
hundred or two thousand miles of wire, every part
of which they will cut into three inch pieces and
make into hooks, to hook out these lizards—so
much better for that purpose than a crook at the
end of the stick. In that point of view, it will be
a God-send to the Indians,^but destruction to the
lizards. [Great laughter.) It is no laughing busi-
ness. It will be an immense accommodation to the
digger Indians, but cruel upon lizards. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I rise only to ask the
committee to lay over this bill until the other ter-
ritorial business be completed, and I make that
motion that'it be so passed by.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair states, in reply
to the gentleman from Oregon, that the House
has, by resolution, closed debate on this bill in one
hour after the passage of that resolution; and that
his motion cannot be entertained. After debate
expires by that limitation, the committee will pro-
ceed to vote upon the amendments, and will report
the result to the House.
Mr. LETCHER. Will it be in order to move
that the committee rise and report the bill to the
House with a recommendation that it be rejected?
The CHAIRMAN. It will be in order.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I submit that motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion cannot be
entertained until the amendments shall have been
disposed of.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by sections
for amendment.
The third section having been read—
Mr. PARLEY. I wish to inquire from the
Chair, if this is the proper time to act upon the
amendments proposed by the Committee on Ter-
ritories ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is the proper time to
act upon the amendment that may be offered,
either by any member or by the Committee 011
♦' Territories.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Committee on
Territories has submitted amendments to the Sen-
ate bill.
The CHAIRMAN. We have not yet reached
that point where the first amendment applies.
The Clerk proceeded to read the fourth section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee on Ter-
ritories has reported an amendment to this section:
It in as follows:
.Seeiion four, line three, after the word " Mississippi,"
insert the words " or Missouri river.1'
So as to read :
" Thnt for the transmission of III! private dispatches am!
communications over said main line between the Mii-si^ip-
pi or Missouri iiver, ami the Pacific, the toll ur charge," &c.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
After the fifth section was read-
Mr. SKELTON. I propose to offer the fol-
lowing amendment to that section:
In line thirteen, after the word " appurtenances," insert
the words, " and lands acquired under this act."
So as to make it read:
—"said line of telegraph, with all its appurtenance? and
lands acquired under tins act, shall he forieited to, and be-
come the property of, the United States."
I think, Mr. Chairman, that if we desire to pro-
tect the Government from frauds, this amendment
is necessary. This section which I propose to
amend, provides that, in case the company neglects
to operate the line for the space of six months, then
the line shall revert to,and become the property of,
the United States. Now, sir, the reason why I
I am not friendly to this bill is—and the friends of
the bill seemed not to have removed this objec-
tion—because 1 deem the measure to be impractica-
ble. I do not believe that this line can be put into
operation, and kept in working order, so as to
afford profit to the buil8er; and I believe that if it
is constructed, and properly constructed, it will
eventually revert to the United States, and become
the property of the Government of the United
States. 1 do not desire th&tthe United States shall
be the owner of that line, for lam opposed to the
idea of multiplying the patronage of the General
Government. J would like to see, as a friend of
the Union, and particularly of California—although
the gentleman from California [Mr. Latham]
seems to think that the opponents of this bill are
not the friends of that State—not only.telegraphic
wire communication, but a railroad, binding and
connecting together the mosrdistant States of the
Union,in yet stronger bonds than now exist. But
when we engage in operations of this kind, it is
necessary that we should ask ourselves if it is pos-
sible to accomplish the object we have in view in
the way provided in this bill. I think not. If
the bill passes without theamendment 1 have sug-
gested, it will enable the individuals having charge
of the work to construct the telegraphic line in
some way, whether proper or improper, and in a
cheap manner. In my opinion, a telegraphic line
can be constructed from the extreme Western
States to the Pacific coast, for a less amount than
the lands proposed to be given for that object are
worth. I believe this can be done, and ieave a
large balance in the hands of the individuals con-
structing the line, thereby affording a great specu-
lation to the parties interested. I believe they can
turn over to the Government of the United States
a telegraphic line, and still have a large profit in
their pockets ; but I do not believe that the time
has arrived for the construction of such a line,
nor do I believe that the method proposed here for
constructing it is the properone. I have no doubt,
in regard to the telegraph, as well as the Pacific
railroad, that, whenever either project is carried,
it will afford an immense profit to those engaged
in the speculation. When the proper time ar-
rives, the capitalists of the country will engage in
the construction of these works, and they will do
it in such a manner as to afford a permanent and
profitable advantage to our common country.
I am opposed to giving the public lands to com-
panies for. the purpose of constructing such works
as proposed in this bill, without any certainty that
the advantage proposed will inure to the benefit
bf the people of the United States. It is for that
reason 1 have offered the amendment; so that, if
these parties should fail in their enterprise, the
Government of the United States may not lose the
| whole of these lands. The parties should be
; compelled, in such an eVent, to return the bonus
which we gave them for the construction of this'
line.
| The friends of this bill hare told us that it is to
. bean individual enterprise—to be constructed by
' the aid of private capital. If it be a private en-
terprise, why should the Government of the Uni-
ted States furnish the means for the construction
of this line? It is true, it is a private speculation
when men get hold of these lands; but not in the
sense in which gentlemen consider it can this
work be called a private enterprise. I offer this
amendment ill good faith, and not with the view
of delaying the action of this committee. I will
not longer detain the committee, because there is
very important business with regard to the Ter-
ritories still to be acted upon, and because this
matter ought to be disposed of immediately,
although I would like to examine the provisions
of this bill in minute detail. I hope, therefore,
that the amendment 1 have offered may be adopted
for the reasons I have suggested. I desire, should
the bill pass, that the Government may be pro-
tected against any frauds which might be per-
petrated by the individuals engaged in the con-
struction of the work.
Mr. W ASHBURN, of Maine. If any amend-
ment is to be made, it seems to me that it should
not be the «ne which the gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Skelton] has offered. If an amend-
ment of that character is to be adopted,,it should
be limited to such lands as shall not have been
j sold in good faith by these parties or their as-
signees, at the time when they may have failed
on their part to perform according to the terms of
the act. The lands may have been sold, and con-
veyed by them to honest parties in good faith be-
fore such time; so that the gentleman will see that
his amendment should be made applicable only to
such lands as may remain unsold in their hands
at the time when such failure occurs. It seems to
me that there is no occasion whatever for the
amendment of the gentleman from New Jersey,
and no propriety in its being adopted. Its tend-
ency will be to defeat this undertaking altogether;
and it is for the committee to inquire and decide
whether or not they are disposed, upon the whole,
to have this telegraphic communication upon these
conditions, and at this price. There can be'no.
question, in the mind of any gentleman here, or
anywhere else, as to the importance of having a
telegraphic communication for the transmission of
important intelligence between the Atlantic and
Pacific States. It is not necessary to consume
the time of the committee in extended observa-
tions on that point. The value of such commu-
nication is obvious and indisputable. If, then, it
be a matter of great interest and importance to the
Government and the people on both sides of the
continent that there should be this telegraphic con-
nection, we should inquire, as reasonable, com-
mon-sense, and practical men, how it is to be ac-
complished, and when ? Can we secure the estab-
lishment of a telegraphic line between the Missis-
sippi and the Pacific on such terms and by such
means as are safe and prudent ? and are propo-
sitions, embracing such terms and means, now
before us ?•
Mr. RICHARDSON, (interrupting.) I wish
to make a single suggestion to the gentleman.
The security that the Government has that this
telegraphic line will be constructed and kept in
good repair is this: It will cost between two and
three million dollars to build it, and the lands which
these individuals get will not amount in value to
more than one sixth of that amount. The com-
pany will not surrender the telegraphic line, cost-
ing between two and three million dollars for the
purpose of getting a grant of lands which do not
amount in value to more than one sixth of that
amount, and, therefore, I see no necessity for the
adoption of the amendment suggested by the gen-
tleman from New Jersey. The penalty affixed '
for a failure to work the line, is a forfeiture of that
which will cost the company infinitely more than
the land is worth.
Mr. WASHBURN. Undoubtedly so. It is
not likely that these men will go on and make a
sham line; but they will be held to perform the
conditions on their part expressed or implied in
the act, in good faith;to make a substantial line—
such a one as is contemplated by the bill—and
until that is done, do you suppose that the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office and the Sec-
retary of the Interior would permit warrants to be
issued to them ? Unquestionably not. And if
there were any belief, any suspicion, indeed, of
fraud upon the part of these individuals, before
the officers of Government would convey an acre
of land to them, they would submit the whole
matter to the consideration of Congress.
Mr. SKELTON, (interrupting.) Will the gen-
tleman from Maine answer me one question ?
Mr. WASHBURN. I will hear it.'
Mr. SKELTON. If he believes this bill will
pass, and go into effect, and be practical and suc-
cessful, can my amendment do any hurt? If he
does.not believe it will go into effect, what objec-
tion can he have to the amendment?
Mr. WASHBURN. It may do harm, and in
this way: These gentlemen 1 know. They are
respectable men, and men of ability. As my col-
league [Mr. Farley] well said, they are solid
men, and have full faith and confidence in the
practicability of this enterprise. They haye studied '
it for years,and have posted themselves upon the
matter.
Mr. FARLEY, (interrupting.) Will the gen-
tleman allow me to make one sucrp-egtion *
Mr. WASHBURN. Certainly.
Mr. FARLEY. The grant of land is condi-
tional upon the completion of the line. Not an
acre is to be granted until the line is fully com-
p eted. When it is completed the transfer takes
place feuppose these parties wish to dispose of
these lands, such an amendment as that proposed
by the gentleman from New Jersey would oper-
ate,as a cloud upon the title, and nobody would
buy. It would ruin the title in the hands of these
men.
Mr. WASHBURN. Of course it would injure,
lf,T,ht roy'the V,f'Uf of the Srant'> be^se,
after the two years, all who buy, would be held to
naX *f!ia k"owledge of thfs reserved right on the
Government; and this consequence
knniln^w .£°£?an WOuld Purchase these lands,
fen r fif, Government might come in, some
I ne" ye,afS ,hence' and claim them as for-
feited. It would defeat the very object of the
frant, and render it extremely difficult, if not
impossible, for these men to obtain the means
necessary to enable them to prosecute their under-
"!S' ^18 t0 'nv0've expenditure of from
two to three millions of dollars. They must have
some means independent of their own; and though
they cannot have the lands until the enterprise is
completed, yet the expectation that may fairly
