1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483
; Mr. BENTON also rose.
, • The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois is entitled to the floor. Before the gentleman
proceeds, however, the Chair will state that the
committee was proposing to consider the bill by
sections, and that, if required by any member, its
. consideration will be concluded by sections,before
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois is
-considered.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will state to thecom-
. mittee that jf any person objects, if it is not the
unanimous consent that the amendment may be
offered, I shall pursue a different course.
Mr. BENTON. I understand the substitute
which has been read to dispense entirely with the
two millions of acres of land. This choice, out
of fifteen miles on each side of the line, for two
millions of acres, I understand the member from
Illinois [Mr. Richardson] to say has been dis-
pensed withby'the unanimous consent of the par-
ties wh.o were in the bill. [Mr. B. paused'. The
member from Illinois was silent.] Sir, with that
understanding, I wish to invoke—if it is possible
for me to invoke—the serious attention of the
House to the consideration of the spectacle we
behold.
Yesterday these people must have two millions
of acres of land, with the right to choose within
fifteen miles on each side of the line, and to have
-theprivilege of locating warrants for this land in
any of the existing Territories. Yesterday we
must have it fought out here until late in the after-
noon, when I set the lizards upon them, and I
believe the lizards drove them out. [Laughter.]
Yesterday they must have two millions of acres;
this morning they do not ask an acre; take the
rest of the" bill without them. Why, sir, you have
heard the snake story—gentlemen have all heard
of the snake story—but this beats even that. A
man told his neighbor that he had seen five thou-
sand snakes together. "Why," said the other,
" that is preposterous, nobody ever saw five
thousand snakes together." "Well, I saw five
hundred." " Bat five hundred is a great number
of snakes to be seen together." " Well, fifty."
" But it will not be believed that you saw fifty
snakes together." " Well, twenty-five." "But
twenty-five is a very large numberof snakes to be
seen together." "I say I saw twenty-five, and
I will not fall another snake." [Laughter.]
Now, here these parties fall two million snakes
right at once. They give up the whole. Sir, is
not this making a sport of legislation and of the
property of the United States ? Are we to allow
legislation to be trifled with in this manner ? Are
we to have bill after bill brought in here, giving
five, ten, fifteen, and twenty miles of land on each
side of the line, and then falling five or ten miles,
and taking what they get. But here are two mil-
lions and fifteen miles on either side of the line,
and all given up, and the money part only re-
tained—falling two millions at once ! and thus cut-
ting it down to no land, only the money in the
bill. I say it is sporting with legislation, it is
worse; it is an insult—sir, it is an outrage—I de-
nounce it as an outrage. I denounce it a  disrep-
utable to the American Congress to suffer such
games of brag to be played upon it.
Gentlemen seem to think it now a very inno-
cent matter, reduced to ask the right of way two
hundred feet wide; it is a great fall; but, sir, we
create an interest in this line if we grant it, and
against any other telegraphic line that may be pro-
posed to be constructed, in good faith, along the
line of a railroad or common road.
I propose tf move an amendment to some bill,
■when it shall fiecome proper, for the construction
of a common road and telegraph line, and this
grant, if made, will create an interest against it—
a counter interest, sufficient to defeat it—defeat the
only kind of line that can be protected.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENTON. I move to lay the whole mat-
ter upon the table.
A Member. That is not in order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Chairman, I will
make a motion upon which I can make some re-
marks, for I desire to make some. I move to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is not de-
batable.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Yes, it is debatable.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Missouri as-
sumes that this is legislation for gentlemen in the
bill. Sir, I spoke of a conference between the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Farley] and myself.
He having had charge of the bill in the'House, it
was due to the relations existing between him and
myself, that I should do so. The gentleman from
Missouri, upon that statement of mine, gets him-
self into about the position of the boy who found
himself worked up, into so furious a condition
that he said to his father, " Hold me, or I shall do
something terrible!" " What will you do, my
son ? " "I will run out and pull a board off the
pig pen 1" [Laughter.]
Sir, there was about as much foundation for the
excitement of the boy as there was for that of the
gentleman from Missouri. Is there anything dis-
creditable, Mr. Chairman, in this House of Rep-
resentatives, in the Congress of the United States,
to confer with gentlemen who have been your as-
sociates upon this floor, or to speak of the concur-
rence in the measure I propose of the gentleman
who has had charge of this bill in the House? If
there is, I am guilty, and condemn me.
Sir, 1 trust I can turn with as much pride and
as much pleasure upon the past as the gentleman
from Missouri. There is as little stain upon my
escutcheon as there is upon his. I will compare
records. I will compare'anything with him. I
ask no favors of him in the contest. I am his
equal in everything. The gentleman has been
very liberal in his denunciations. But, sir, respect
for the past, as its memories cling around me—as
I trust they iver will—restrains me in the contest.
That should be taken into consideration in what
has taken place this morning. There is some-
thing due to the past; there is something due to
age, and I accord it here. I forbear, therefore, to
characterize him and his remarks as I should do
but for that.
Mr. BENTON. The member from Illinois
says he will enter into a comparison of characters
with me, and that he will claim the benefits of the
comparison. Sir, I beg to be excused from the
comparison, and accord to him everything heasks
—all the difference he claims—but no comparison.
I excuse myself from that.
Now, Mr. Chairman, before I proceeded with
my remarks I paused, and asked the member from
Illinois whether I had understood him aright, that
he had consulted those who were interested m
this bill, when the House yesterday was detained
until a late hour in the ellort to get two millions
of acres of land for these parties, in addition to
the money, and whether the same parties had not
come here this morning and asked for thepassage
of the bill without the grant of a single acre, and
with the money alone? 1 asked for an answer;
but I received none. I took his silence for an
affirmative. I now apprehend that there is a dif-
ference, for I admit no distinction, in the persons
interested in the bill, lie says the members in
charge of the bill were those with whom he con-
sulted.
In my mind, this is a distinction without a dif-
ference. I look upon the members from Maine
as knowing the will of their constituents, and as
truly representing them here. I regard these gen-
tlemen as speaking for their constituents, and as
not agreeing to this great change in this bill with-
out their consent. For, sir, it is impossible to
suppose tljat any person would alter the bargain,
to the extent to which it is now proposed to alter it,
without the consent and knowledge of those who
are to be interested in the bargain. It is impos-
sible, sir, to conceive such a thing. I look upon
it as clcar that these two men of Maine, who,
demand two millions of acres of land, in addition
to the money, to ha\econsented to take the money
pay without the land.
But, sir, I will now leave the individuals named
in the bill, and come to the members who yester-
day moved and supported this bill, granting two
millions of acres, m addition to the money pay,
to the company; who pushed the demand to the
suppression and injury of other territorial busi-
ness, and deprived the Territories of the benefit
of the little time which was appropriated to them,
and who kept us here to an unusually late hour
in the evening, in resisting the two million acre
bill. So, sir, I now drop the persons named in
the bill, and come to the members who, yesterday,
fought it out nearly as long as villains fought
at common law with their cudgels—nearly till the
stars appeared in the evening. 1 come to them, and-
I want them to give the reason why .they wanted two
millions of acres of land, in addition to the money,
yesterday, and why they want no land this morn-
ing? Any of them that please can answeT that in-
quiry. I wait the answer. (None.) Ifthe member
from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] comes within the
category, if he voted for the two million acre bill
yesterday, and gives it up this morning, he may,
if he pleases, answer that inquiry. I ask nothing,
sir—nothing'from him.
And, Mr. Chairman, although I am a little ad-
vanced in years, yet I hold that 1 have a right, while
I am here, to defend the Treasury of the United
Krat.es, and the public lands of the United States.
The Treasury of the United States, and the public
lands of the United States, are not a Sebastopol.
They cannot stand a siege, sir. They-cannot resist
the allies. Had it not been for the help of the little
lizards yesterday, I do not think the lands could
have been saved—been saved so successfully as
they have been. Sir, I repeat, our Treasury, and
our public lands, are not a Sebastopol. They can-
not stand sieges. They cannot resist the allies.
[Laughter.] If cannonading and bombarding will
not do, sapping and mining will. Old or young,
sir, I have a right to defend the Treasury and the
public lands of the United States. I move to lay
the whole matter on the table.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on the adoption of Mr.
Richardson's amendment; which was agreed to,
and the bill was laid aside to, be reported to the
House with the action thereon.
MILITARY ROAD IN OREGON.
House bill (No. 543) for the construction of a
military road m Oregon Territory came up next
in order for consideration.
The bill was read by the Clerk. It appropriates
the sum of $30,000 for the construction of a mili-
tary road from Astoria to Salem, in the Territory
of Oregon, under the direction of the Secretary of
War, pursuant to contract to be made by him.
There being no amendments to be offered, the
bill was laid aside, to be reported to the House
with a recommendation that it do pass.
ERECTION OP ARSENALS.
House bill (No. 670) authorizing the Secretary
of War to purchase sites and contract for the
erection of arsenals in Texas, New Mexico, Wash-
ington, and Oregon, was next taken up.
The bill was read. It instructs the Secretary of
War to contract for the purchase of a site and the
erection of an arsenal in the State of Texas; for
the purchase of a site and the erection of an arse-
nal m the Territory of New Mexico; and for the
purchase of a site and the erection of an afsenal
in the Territory of Washington, or in the Terri-
tory of Oregon, as to him may be deemed the
most expedient.
Mr. LETC H ER. I propose the following amend-
ment to that bill:
Strike out the words " the purchase of a site, and,".in
the firth line, and the same words m the seventh line, so as
to make the bill read:
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, instructed
to contract for the purchase of a site and the erection of
an arsenal in the State of Texas; the erection of an arsenal
in (he Territory of New Mexico, and for the erection of an
arsenal in theTerritory of Washington, or in the Territory
of Oregon, as to him may be deemed the most expedient.
My object in submitting that amendment, Mr.
Chairman, is, that these Territories, for the most
part, belong to the Government of the United
States; and I cannot see the slightest necessity in
the world for instructing the Secretary of War to
purchase sites where we own nineteen twentieths
of the whole Territory. I hope, therefore, my
amendment will be adopted.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I move to amend the bill
as follows:
After the word " Oregon," in the eighth line, insert the
following words: "and for the erection of an arsenal in
the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska."
I will state, Mr. Chairman, in support of this
amendment, that there are, perhaps, morejndians
in our Territories than in any of the other Terri-
tories of the United States, and there is as ftiuch
need for arsenals in Kansas and Nebraska as in
any other portion of the western country.
Mr. FAULKNER. I should be sorry, sir, to
oppose any motion from the gentleman from Kan-*
sas, but I am not aware- 
Mr. HAVEN* (interrupting ) I only desire to
say to the gentleman from Virginia, that we, in thi§
