1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
probation, that measures honestly presented and
4irged by the people of Washington Territory,
"should continue to meet with the opposition of the.
Delegate from the Territory of Oregon.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr.'Chairman 
Mr. LANE. Now, I ask this committee if that
is just ? 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ore-
gon having spoken once upon this amendment,
the gentleman from Virginia is recognized by the
Chair.
Mr. LANE. I ask the gentleman to yield to
Hie for a sinjle moment.
Mr. LETCHER. I will.
Mr. LANE. I ask this committee if the charge
of the Delegate from Washington is just? I have
•already stated that I have no objection to the lo-
caiion of the arsenal in Washington Territory, if
the Secretary shall bo decide to locate it. If he
decides in favor of Washington, be it so. The
, bill leaves it to the Secretary of War to establish
it in the one or the other, as shall seem to him
best. The public service does not require that
there shall be two. I ask nothing for Oregon
which is not right. Let her stand alongside of
her sister Territory, Washington, upon her own
merits and claims; and if the Secretary of War,
in his discretion, shall see fit to locate the arsenal
ui the Territory of Washington, I shall never
complain. I ask not that it shall be placed in my
Territory, i do not want it in my neighborhood.
Let, it be located with reference to the good of the
Territories, of which the Secretary of War is a
good judge. The gentleman from Washington
has no ground for his charge.
Mi. LETCHER. 1 think we had better look
to two or three things before we go on in this
way. We have bills pending in Congress for
supplying the country with soldiers, either volun-
teers or regular regiments in the Army, and it
does seem to me, before we undertake to build any
more arsenals, that .we should ascertain whether
we have soldiers enough to take care of them. It
has been a general complaint all over the country
that we have not men enough to fill -up the regulur
Army, and yet we are multiplying posts and
establishing, arsenals which require a portion of
the Army to guard-them. At the same timecom-
plaint is made that you have not men enough lor
the daily and reg'ilar service.
Resides, I would inquire of my co'ileaguo [Mr.
Faulkner] whether there is not a general law
upon the statute-book authorizing the Secretary of
War to dispose of the arsenals of the United
States, and whether, at this very time, ti contract
is not in progress between certain parties in Rome,
New York, for the sale and purchase of the
arsenal at that point? If the Secretary has been
invested with authority to dispose of them, why
eliould we go on and multiply them, merely for
the pnrpose'of opening the door for further sale of
Government property, at tt price notone halt what
it cost the Government ?
Again, how much is it proposed that these ar-
senals shall cost? I see nothing at all, in this
bill, which limits the amonnt. The sum is un-
limited. Here are four or five arsenals provided
for, and they may cost, as far as this bill is con-
cerned, ^twenty, fifty, or five hundred thousand
dollars.
If you make them arsenals of construction, you
must have a multitude of men to take care of them.
You must have a competent force for that pur-
pose. If you make them arsenals of deposit, you
get rid of a part of the expense, so far as construc-
tion i.s concerned. Now, what is proposed to be
expended upon each of these arsenals r Nothing
is said upon thatpoint,and 1 hold that, before the
question is taken, we ought to ascertain the amount
which will be necessary for their construction. I
hold that, when the House undertakes to pass
bills which require the expenditureof money, they
should have some definite knowledge to guide
them as to the amount they are about to vote
away. Let us have it limited. Let us understand
what it 13 to be. Let the whole country know,
when a bill is passed, appropriating money, that
it i,<s for n given amonnt, and for a specific purpose.
Mr. FAULKNER. The reason why this bill
has assumed its present shape, proposing to au-
thorize the erection and construction of arsenals
without any definite appropriation, has arisen
from this fact: Whenever any member of the
Committee on Military Affairs of this House
has risen for the purpose of offering an amend-
ment to the Army appropriation bill, asking for
an appropriation for such a purpose as this, he
has been at once arrested in his purpose by an
objection from the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means—and he has always been sus-
tained by the House—that the amendment was out
of order, because there was no existing law au-
thorizing the erection of arsenals at such a par-
ticular place. Now, sir, year after year has this
appropriation been asked for in the Army appro-
priation bill, and year after year has it been refused
by this body, because there was no existing law
authorizing the erection of arsenals at the points
indicated.
Now, sir, it was to guard against that difficulty
that, soon after the duties of the committee fell
upon me, I think, last summer, 1 reported bills for
the erection of arsenals at these points. They
have been repeatedly and urgently asked for by
the Government. Throughoutthe whole of Texas
there is not a single place for the deposit of arms.
So in New Mexico, and, until recently, none in
California, and none in Oregon and Washington
Territories.
If the gentleman from Virginia will refer to the
estimates for appropriations, which are placed in
the hands of every gentleman in this House, he
will find the sum which it is expected will be ne-
cessary to erect these buildings, if Congress shall
authorize their construction, and those sums will
be provided in the general appropriation bill, if
these vsenals are authorized by Congress. lie
will find the estimates on page 247. 1 will not
read them, or the remarks of the War Depart-
ment in support of them. The gentleman can
examine them for himself. They show the neces-
sity for the construction of these arsenals, and for
the costof each of them in Texas and New Mex-
ico at §32,500. If the gentleman chooses, he can
appropriate these sums by this bill, which will
meet with my concurrence.
Mr. LETCHER. My colleague does not meet
the point 1 presented. I asked him -why the
amount of expenditure was not provided for in this
bill. His reply is, that he is embarrassed by the
action of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and that this is merely an initiatory
step, and the amount of expenditure will be con-
tained in the general appropriation bill. But if
the amount is put into this bill, the Committee of
Ways nnd Means cannot interfere, because, if
this bill appropriates the amount, it provides for
exactly wiiat is wanted, and the sum will not
have to be put into the general appropriation bill.
Now, to accomplish that object, I propose to
add, at the end of the bill, a second section pro-
viding that the sum of $32,500 be appropriated
for the erection of each of these arsenals.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
in order until the pending amendments are dis-
posed of.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Lancaster; and it was not
agreed to.
The question recurring upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Haven, it was put; and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I now move to amend by
inserting, after the first section, the words " and
that a sum not exceeding $33,500, for the erection
of each of these arsenals, is hereby appropriated."
The amendment was agreed to. *
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do pass.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN OREGON.
The next hiil which came up in order wa£
House bill (No. 542) making an appropriation
for completing the public buildings of Oregon Ter-
ritory.
The bill was then read by the Clerk.
Mr. RICE. I move to amend the bill by adding
the following as an additional section:
Skc. -i- *Qnd!>cit further f'nueteJ.TiuxtthQ sum off$11,500
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated to complete the
teisiioniil capitol, to build a territorial vvork-snop for the
territorial prison in the Territory of Minnesota, in accord-
ance with estimates made by the agent appointed bv the
Secretary of the Treasury ; saul suiu to be expended under
the direction of the SuerUarj ofihe Treasury.
Mr. Chaitman, the only information which I
have on the subject is obtained from the follow*
ing communication, to which I call Uve attention of
the committee!
Treasury Department, January 27, 1855.
Sir: I inclo*e herewith extracts from a letter received
from Ilemy F. Masterson, Esq., agent of this Department
for the public buddings in Minnesota, and a copy of a letter
from tlie warden oftfte prison in that Territory, both rela-
ting to tlte necessity of further appropriations for those _
buildings. —
Referring to the appropriations heretofore made for those
works, i have to state, that such grams were for the exclu-
sive use and benefit ot Minnesota in its terntoriil capacity, ~-
and were not lor any purpose connected with the business
of this Department, or any other branch of Government.
It is. therefore, for Congress to determine wheth< r ati addi-
tional appropriation shall be marie for the purposes esti-
mated tor, or whether the amount already donated to
Minnesota has been sufficient.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES GUTHRIE, ,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon, H. M  Rice, House of Representatives) Washington,
St. Paul, Minnesota, January 2,1855,
Sir:* * * I would also respectfully solicit your
attention and favorable consideration to the necessity of a
further appropriation by Congress for these building.
1 inclose herewith a communication from the warden of
the prison, in regard to the necessity of a work shop. Such
a building is clearly necessary for the prison j and I think
$5,500 is a reasonable estimate of its cost.
In my estimate of work for the capitol, sent you Sep-
tember 27th, I stated that I had not included all U?at was
necessary to complete it. but only what I proposed applying
the present appropriation to; that the-basement was unfin-
ished, and wholly unlit for use; that the windows required
blinds, the brick walls painting, &c.
I now find that, owing to insufficient data, I estimated
the cost of inclosing the capitol grounds with iron much
too low, and that to do it as it ought to be done, will require
an addition of $1,500. I also find that more repairs are
nece?sa<y than I then believed. Notwithstanding the repairs
made to the roor and cupola, they still leak very badly, and
the budding will soon be greatly injured, ft cannot be
stoppi-d without great repairs, \\ inch will cost a large sum;
but it will he economy to stop it at whatever cost.
Owing to the want of diatnage, water stands in the base-
ment most of the your; and its freezing will, in the end,
injure the foundations of the building in a great degree,
besides other evils arising from standing water.
To make up the deficiency for the fence, construct puffi-
cient diains, timshotf the basement, paint the building, put
blinds on the windows, erect lightning protector-*, make
thorough and fcufiicient repairs of the roof and cupola, and^
pet out trees in the ground*—which are wholly destitute of
such ornament-*—will require at least $6,000, making, with
the bum estimated tor the woik-shop, $11,500,
You will see that a considerable portion of this work is
absolutely necessary to preserve the property; and, cer-
tainly, if Congress has gone to the expense of building the
capitol lor u-, it will not refuse to make the previous expend-
iture useful for the purpose intended.
Most respectfullv. vour obedient servant,
IlENltY F. MASTERSON, Jgent, <5"c.
Hon, James Guthrie,
Secretary of the Treasury, Washington.
Territorial Prison, )
Minnesota Territory, November 28, 1854. >
Sir: T wish to call your attention to the great want of
a work-shop at this prison. The woik shops which are
now used are of wood, and entirely unfit for use during the
winters of this latitude.
There is needed, and absolutely required, a work-shop
where the labor ol the convicts can be carried on under the
eye ofoneortwo guards), and where they can be kept at
work at a le*s expense for fuel during the winter than is at
present the case.
I have estimated the cost of a stone building, such as is
needed for the immediate want&ofthe prison, and find the
same to amount to five thousand five hundred dollars,
($5,500.) I have urged the attention of our Delegate in
Congress to tins matier, and tru^t that you will call the at-
tention of the honorable Secretary of the Treasury to the
same in season to have; the necessary appropriation made
at this se^ion of Congress.
Yours, respectfully, F. It. DELANO,
JFardcn Minnesota Ter. Prison,
II. F. Masterson, Erq , Disbursing Jlgenty
United States Treasury Department.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman, we are ap-
propriating year after year for the completion
of these buildings, but they are never finished.
During the last session the following provision
was inserted in the appropriation bill:
" For finishing the capitol and territorial prison in the
Tcrntoiy ol' Minnesota, anil draining and fencing the
grounds of thi' same, §10,1)00 ; to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary ot tlw Treasuiy."
Now, it seems that -that money has been ex-
pended, that the grounds are not inclosed, the.
buildings "unfinished, and that they are asking
$11,500 more to accomplish what we were as-
sured, last year, $10,000 would do; and the only
ground upon which it is asked, that I can see, is,
since Congress has been liberal heretofore, the
Territories trust it will continue to be liberal in
granting these appropriations.
One of the objects of this appropriation is.for
the construction of a work-shop. They have, I
take it, some sort of a house there at this time;
and, if I understand the letters which have been
