THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 81,
read, they have a wooden work-shop connected
with the territorial prison. But that is not suffi-
cient, and they ask Congress to make an appro-
priation for a more substantial one—perhaps a
larger one—in order that convict labor may be
brought into competition with the labor of the com-
mon laborers throughout the Territory. This
thing is obnoxious in a great many places; and
if they are getting along with this prison, as it now
stands, through the liberality of Congress, which
built it, X think they ought to be content.
And besides, Mr. Chairman, I think when this
House appropriates money on estimates to accom-
plish a particular result, that they ought to require
that that result shall be accomplished from the
money appropriated. Here are estimates founded
on data at the time. The House gave the amount,
in accordance with the data then made; and after
that money is all expended, they come back and
ask, upon new data, for a sura exceeding, by
|1,500, the whole amount asked for a year ago to
accomplish the very result which they now have
in view. In addition to all this, we have seen
here, of late years, as these Territories are mul-
tiplying, that the expenses of the territorial gov-
ernments are running up to a monstrous extent—
far exceeding the cost of territorial governments in
the early and more economical age of the Republic.
There ought to be, in my view, some stop to
this thing. When these Territories have been
accommodated to such an extent as exhibited, I
think Congress ought to stop, and allow them to
do something for themselves. It seems to be
expected now by them that Congress shall bear
all their expenses in the erection of their public
buildings, and contribute everything that is neces-
sary to get them into full operation. Every
session these Territories come in here for appro-
priations, for the construction of capitols, for the
construction of prisons and work-shops, and for
various other items, until the whole foots up to a
monstrous amount for each of the Territories.
I have not had the time to collect the whole of
these expenditures in one amount, and compare it
with the amount expended for like purposes in
former times, but I think that if you will compare
the cost of the Territories for the last five or ten
years with a like period of time anterior to that
period, you will find that the cost now exceeds,
by three-fold, the cost of the Territories in the
better and purer days of the Government.
Mr. RICE. The gentleman from Virginia is
mistaken in one or two points. The appropriation
nt the last session of Congress was not based upon
any estimates from any Department or proper au-
thority. These buildings have heretofore been
erected under the charge of the Governor and
Legislature ef the Territory. My attention was
called to the fact that they had become very much
injured from their having remained for some time
in their incomplete condition, and I culled upon
the Department and upon the Committee of Ways
and Means for aid, but I could get no recommend-
ations and no estimates. I then, at a venture,
asked that $10,000 should be appropriated. Con-
gress appropriated that amount. But to provide
certainly thut the money should be expended judi-
ciously, I drew up the amendment so as to have it
expended under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury. That officer appointed an agent
to superintend the work—a competent man. He
has discharged his duty satisfactorily to the De-
partment. He has expend d the money; but
owing to the great damage which the buildings
have sustained in consequence of the very imper-
fect manner in which they had been constructed,
that sum was found to be insufficient.
And now, sir, in respect to the amountof money
which has been expended by the General Gov-
ernment for the benefit of the Territory of Min-
nesota, I will say, that the General Government
annually expends $130,000, in order to help pay
the postage in the State of Virginia, while Min-
nesota has paid something over and above her
postal expenses. And besides this, Minnesota pays
annually thousands and thousands of dollars into
the Treasury, by the sale of her public lands. But,
sir, if it is the wish of Congress that the Legisla-
ture, in that hyperborean region, should hold its
sessions in the open air; if they wish that the pris-
oners in that region should be compelled to work-
in the open air. they can so provide.
Mr. WASHBUR.NE, of Illinois, obtained the
floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to call
the attention of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Tatlor,] and the gentleman from Oregon, [Mr.
Lane,] to the first and second sections of the bill
under consideration, in which, in the apprehen-
sion of the Chair, there must be a clerical error.
The bill makes an appropriation of $67,000, and
provides that $40,000 shall be expended in one
manner, and §37,000 in another; making the entire
appropriation $77,000. The Chair thinks there
is a clerical error, and that it should be corrected.
Mr. WASHBURNE. That has nothing to do
with the matter immediately before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. It has not; but the Chair
desires that the error may be corrected, and that
the bill may be properly before the committee.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. It is a clerical error,
and should be $27,000 instead of $37,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The error will be cor-
rected.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I think the committee
will have nodifficulty in relation to the amendment
brought forward by the gentleman from Min-
nesota when they come to understand it. I'am
somewhat familiar with this matter. I recollect
what took place the last session. When the ter-
ritorial business was under consideration in the
House, the gentleman from Minnesota stated that
these buildings were in an unfinished and incom-
plete condition, and that- an appropriation was
necessary to complete them. I think he read a
letter from the Governor of the Territory upon the
subject. In the absence of all estimates in tegard
to the matter, he moved that $10,000 be appro-
priated for the purpose of completing the capitol
and inclosing the grounds. The amendment was
agreed to, and the bill became a law. The same
bill provided that the appropriation should be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
In accordance with the provisions of the act,
the Secretary of the Treasury appointed an agent
to disburse the money, who saw that the money
was prop'erly applied; but he found that the
amount was not sufficient to complete the build-
ing and fence the grounds. This agent nowcomes
here and tells us, in a letter which was read at the
Clerk's desk, that a further appropriation will be
necessary to accomplish the purpose for which the
original appropriation was intended. The gentle-
man from Minnesota informs us, that, in conse-
quence of the manner in which the building was
constructed, from the severe frosts which occur in
that region, the water which had collected upon
the roof had frozen, and so seriously injured the
building that it took a very considerable sum to
repair the damages thus occasioned. This dis-
bursing agent of the Secretary of the Treasury,
who has had this* whole matter in charge, and
who is the proper person to look to for correct in-
formation in these matters, now tells us that these
additional sums are necessary to carry out what
appeared to be the intention of the last Congress.
Then there is another item to which the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] has referred,
and to which I now desire to call the attention of
the committee—I mean the item for a work-shop
in the territorial prison. The present work-shop
is a mere shanty, and is totally unfit for any hu-
man being to live in in the winter time in those
hyperborean regions, which the Delegate from
ftUnnesota has so properly characterized them.
Wow, sir, these buildings are built by the Gov-
ernment for the use of the people, and it is right
and proper that they should be put in a proper
condition, so that they may be preserved; and this
has always been done in other Territories. It is
simply a question of completing and preserving
the public buildings of the Territory.
Something has also been said in regard to the
expenses of these Territories. Now, I call the
attention of the committee to the fact that Minne-
sota is the largest, most beautiful, and, in many
respects, the best Territory in the United States.
And I ask, gentlemen, also, to look at the expenses
incurred (or that Territory, compared with the
expenses of most of the other Territories. There
has hardly been a dollar expended by the Govern-
ment there to put down Indian hostilities. We
have never had estimates coming in here of hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars to cover the expenses
of Indian wars in that Territory, as has been the
case in reference to nearly all the otherTerritories.
And allow me to say,<stiil further, that I do not
believe this niggardly economy in regard to the
territorial domain of the United States, should be-
applied to the Territory of Minnesota. The land
in that Territory nearly all belongs to the United-
States, and the hardy pioneers there are now pay-
ing their last dollar into your Treasury here", to'
secure themselves a home. Theamount of money
you are there every week receiving from the sale
of your pubjic lands, amounts to hundreds of
thousands of dollars annually. In a case of this
kind, we should pursue a liberal and enlightened
policy, and enact liberal and proper laws. X hope
the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The fashion used
to be, when a Territory was formed, to incur the
expense of putting up a plain and substantial
house, in which the little business of the Territory'
should be performed. But that fashion is disap-
pearing. These rich Territories, such as Minne-
sota, are not satisfied with such claims upon the
public Treasury; but they want to get a capitol
built, for the service of the future State, at the
public charge. That is the new policy. Hence
it is that magnificent buildings are projected and
heavy appropriations asked for out of the public
Treasury of the Union.
I do not wish to occupy the time of the commit-
tee, but there is another view of this subject. It
is not good policy to terminate a job. It is better
to come here, year after year, asking for additional
appropriations. It reminds me of an  necdote I
once heard: Once upon a time there was, as there
is now, a shop in my native village, and during
the winter Reason most of the hands were dis-
missed. Well, when one of them returned in the
spring, meeting with an old acquaintance, v/ho
had been retained during the winter, he asked him
whathe was at work on. "Still upon that body,"
was the reply. " Not painting upon that same
body yet?" " Why," was the answer, " do you
think I am such a silly fellow as to work myself
out of a job I" And so it is w'ith these gentlemen
in the Territories—they will not work themselves
out of a job. It is good policy for them, to be
sure, but the question is, whether it is good policy
for the Treasury of the United States.
The question was taken on Mr. Rice's amend-
ment; and it was adopted.
No further amendment being proposed, the bill
was then laid aside, to be reported to the House
with a recommendation that it do pass.
LEGISLATURE OF UTAH.
The next business in order was joint resolution
(No. 46) authorizing the Legislative Assembly
of Utah to continue their session for a term not
exceeding sixty days, instead of forty days, as
heretofore provided.
The Clerk read the resolution in exlenso.
No amendment being proposed to the joint reso-
lution, it was laid aside, to be reported to the
House.
MILITARY ROADS IN MINNESOTA.
The next bill on the Calendar was House bill
(No. 680) making appropriation for improving
certain military roads in the Territory of Min-
nesota.
The bill having been read in extsnso, and no
amendment being proposed to it, was lakl aside
to be reported to the House.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN NEBRASKA.
The bill next on the Calendar was House bill
(No. 631) to provide for the erection of public
buildings in the Territory of Nebraska. <s
_ The bill appropriates $20,000 for the construc-
tion of public buildings in the Territory of Ne-
braska, to be expended under the direction of the
Governor of said Territory, provided that the
money shall not be expended until the Legislature
shall have fixed by law the permanent seat of
government.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There is an error in
that bill; the amount ought to be S25.000. I move
to add $5,000.
Mr. HENN. I wish to ask the chairman of the'
Committee on Territories if the sum of $25,000
was not appropriated last session for the construc-
tion of buildings in the Territory of Kansas?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Twenty-five thousand
dollars was appropriated for each of these Terri-
tories, as I understand it.
Mr. HENN. I do not so understand it. Twenty-
five thousand dollars was appropriated for Kansas,
and nothing at all for Nebraska.
