1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
487
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then the bill should be
amended so as to make the sum $50,000.
Mr. GIDDLNGS, of Nebraska. I was going
"to remark that no appropriation has yet been made
for Nebraska for this purpose. I move, therefore,
to strike out "$25,000," and insert " $50,000"
in lieu thereof. That will place us upon an equal-
ity with our sister Territory.
I will make the further remark, that the expense
of building will be greater in Nebraska that; it
will be in Kansas, for the reason that we are fur-
ther from the market, and have to pay more for
the transportation of our material.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Wecannotdepartfrom
the rule laid down of appropriating this amount
for the Territories. I think, however, that the
amendment of thegentleman from Nebraska ought
to prevail.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois desires to restrict the expenditure of this ap-
propriation he had better extend the restriction,
so that it will embrace the $25,000 appropriated
at the last session.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Nothing was appro-
priated for this Territory at the last session.
Mr. HOUSTON. Which Territory ia it?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Nebraska.
Mr. HOUSTON. I thought the bill applied to
both of them.
The question now being upon the amendment
proposed by Mr. Giddings,
Mr. HENN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Eumondson were appointed.
The committee was divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 79, noes 41.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do paaa.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN KANSAS.
House bill (No. 605) to provide for the erec-
tion of public buildings in the Territory of Kan-
sas was then token up.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to amend the
bill, so as to make the proviso as to the expendi-
ture of the money applicable to the appropriation
of last session, so as that neither appropriation
can be expended till the Legislature of the Terri-
tory of Kansas shall have fixed the seat of gov-
ernment.
Mr. LETCHER. I want to add a further
amendment in the way of a provision, by adding
the words " or until the title is secured to the
United States."
Mr. RICHARDSON. I accept the proposition
of the gentleman from Virginia.
The bill, as amended, reads:
That the sum of §i!5,()00 he, ami the same hereby is,
appropriate, out of any money in ilic Trcn uiy not other- .
wise appropriated, for ihe continuation ami election of ;
public buildings for the use of (he Legislature ol the * crri-
lory of Kansas, to be expended under On* direction of the
Governor of said Territory. Provided, Said money, or any i
part thereof, or any portion of Ihe money lioeloioro appio- |
priated for tliar purpose, thall not be expended until lho
Legislature of said Territory shall have nx-d, by law, ih 
permanent sent of government, or until the tiliu to feuct)
site shall have been scoured to the United States.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted.
The liil 1 was then laid aside to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. IIENN. I understand from thegentleman
from Illinois that he has accepted the amendment
Of thegentleman from Virginia.
Mr. RICHARDSON, (interrupting.) In re-
spect to the bill just passed by the committee, did
the gentleman from Virginia mean that the title
should be secured to the General Government or
to the government of the Territory?
Mr. LETCHER. To the General Govern-
ment, certainly. .
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I entirely misap-
prehended the proposition.
Mr. LETCHER. The title to most of the
land belongs to the General Government now,
and I want this site to be located on the Govern-
ment lands, or, in the event of its being located on
the Indian lands, then I want the Indian title to
be extinguished, and the title secured to the Uni-
ted.States.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not wish now to
consume time, but the title to the property ought
to belong to the territorial government.
Mr. LETCHER. Why?
Mr. RICHARDSON. This is a donation made
to the Territory for the purpose of erecting public
buildings for the useof tlie government of theTer-
rttory, not for the use of the General Govern-
ment. And when the Territory becomes a State
the building will belong to the State. That has
been the practice of the Government fiom its
foundation to this moment."
Mr. LETCHER. The General Government
owns the Territory. The Territory is nothing
but the child of the United States Government;
and the expenditure by the United States Govern-
ment for this child bears exactly the same relation
which the expenditure of the gentleman from Illi-
nois would bear to his child. The Government
owns the Territory now; when it becomes a State,
this building, having been erected by the Govern-
ment, goes, of course, to the State.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If that is the manner
in which my friend-from Virginia intends to deal
with his children, it is one which I myself cannot
commend. 1 cannot reconcile to myself the pro-
priety of giving it when a child that which I take
away from it as a man.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman does not
understand me at all.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not think thegentle-
man understands himself.
Mr. LETCHER. Certainly, I do; and if the
gentleman from Illinois is inclined to understand,
1 will make him do so. I said that the Territory
bore to the General Government precisely the same
relation which the minor boy bears to his lather, !
who enjoys, when of age, the estate given to him
when a. minor; and so, when the Territory be-
comes a State, this property goes to it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Do 1 understand the
gentleman from Virginia to assume, as a legal
proposition, that a child cannot hold an estate?
Mr. LliJ'CHER. No; 1 do not assume that.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I object to this sort
of legal discussion. [Laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. But I assume this: that the
father regulates expenditures for the benefit of the
child.
Mr. RICHARDSON. We will not dispute
about that.
Mr. LETCHER. And that the father is very
apt to hold the title to an estate himself until the
child is old enough to take charge ol it.
Mr. WHlTKiELD. I hope my friend from
Virginia will withdraw his amendment. j
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair announces that j
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia is
before the committee, inasmuch as the gentleman !
from Illinois appears to have accepted it, through ;
a misunderstanding. !
Mr. LEI'dlER. As I understand it, the j
amendment has been adopted. j
The CHAIRMAN. It is true; the vote has ;
been taken upon itv I
Mr. RICHARDSON. When we get into the
House 1 shall endeavor to remedy it.
Mr. WHITFIELD. 1 ask my friend from
Virginia to withdraw his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is
too late to discuss the amendment, as it has been
already adopted, and the Chair has announced
that the bill was hud aside to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to know whether the
bill uppropi lates twenty or twenty-five thousand
dollars. 1 understood thegentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Richardson] as offering an amendment to
insert " five" after the word "twenty," so as to
make it twenty-five thousand dollars.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill reads §20,000.
Mr. BRIDGES. 1 wish to ask the chairman
of the committee who reported the bill, whether
the sum of jj,2d,00(l, appropriated at the last ses-
sion, is to be expended by the Governor of Kan-
sas, and whether he has not commenced expending
the money, or entered into a contract for that
purpose ?
Mr. WHITFIELD. I will state that no loca-
tion has yet been made of a seat of government
for Kansas, and not one dollar of money has been
expended for that purpose.
Mf. BRIDGliS. Does the bill give the Gov-
ernor the power of selecting a sue?
Mr. WHITFIELD. It does, but an amend-
ment was offered by the Committee on Terri-
tories, in regard to this matter, which will relieve
the Governor of a very unpleasant duty.
Mr. BRIDGES. I wish to know whether the
Governor has made a location ?
Mr. WHITFIELD. He has not.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I wish to state 
The CHAIRMAN. Further debate is not m
order, the bill having been laid aside to be reported
to the House.
MILITARY RESERVE AT THE ST. PETER'S.
The CHAIRMAN. The business next in order
is House bill (No. 688) to amend the act approved
26th August, 1852, entitled " An act to reduce
and define the boundaries of the military reserve
at St. Peter's river, in the Territory of Minnesota,
and for other purposes."
Mr. EASTMAN. I would like to hear the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands give
the history of this bill, and explain the principles
upon which it is based, as undoubtedly he can,
especially the first section. As to the second
section, 1 shall move to strike it out.
Mr. DISNEY. In answer to the gentleman
from Wisconsin, I will ask the Clerk to read the
following papers, which give a history of the
whole matter. In the first place, I will ask the
Clerk to read a letter from Mr. Wilson, the Com-
missioner of the Land Office.
The Clerk read as follows:
General Land Office, December 13,1854.
Sir : The joint resolution in relation to the land® within
the former military reserve, at Fort Sr.elhng, referred fo by
you, is herewith leturned ; and, in relation thereto, [ have
the honor to suzgest tliat it be amended bo as to embiace a
cla^a of case-* that I understand exists in the Territory of
Minnesota, where parties have settled on unsurveyed lands,
laid off town site* thereon and i-old lots, and the county
Mtt's have been located in tlioac towns, under acts of the
Territorial Legislature.
f also suggest that provision be made in it for the ea*e of
the Rev. Mr. Gear, who liad an improvement made within
the reserve tor a home m his declining years. In several
communications to this officc, Mr. Gear is stated to be a
most worthy and exemplary minister of the Gospel, who
had faithful!} discharged the duties of his office, and won
the confidence and respect of the whole community. An
attempt was made to wrong him of the land, but sueh were
considered the merits of Ins case, that instructions were
sent to land officers to withhold from the public sale, the
land claimed by him, till the action of Congress could be
had in the matter.
Much ha.-? been said in relation to extending the pre-
emption privilege to settlers within the former Fort SneUing
reserve. The chief objections ate—
t, The value of the lands.
That two or three individuals designated, will be
specially benefited thereby.
I n relation to the first ol these I would state, that the im-
provement* ot the settler*- have made the land* valmble,
as without them they vvouUl be worth no more than the
mass of the public donmn of like character; and it would
be a Mian^e policy, and wholly inconsistent with the uni-
foini policy of our Government to speculate on the labor,
toil, and unpiovements of the actual settler. Every pre-
emption law is a lint contradiction of mch a mea-.nire.
fo relation to the second, it is evident that all laws of
this character benefit some more than others ; and surely
there could be no weaker argument used than that the
m«uiy should be wtongod, to pievent the benefit of the few..
I know but one of the gentlemen referred to, and have ne
wish to advance his interests over those of any other per-
son. Principle alone should govern in this case, and the
broad principle is, that laws should have general and uni-
form beating,and the good of the masses consulted, whether
the lew Mumld be specially benefited or injured. This is
evidently the view taken of this case by the Legislature of
the Territory, whose memorial to that effect is with the
papers.
I among the papers a printed card, the objcct of
which is evident on the face; but as it is not signed, and
no one seems willing to endorse its sentiments, it is, of
course, entitled to no consideiauon.
Inclosed I send >ou a draft of a substitute proposed for
the original bill, containing the provisions here alluded to.
Very respecifullv, your obedient servant,
JOHN WILSON, Commissioner.
To Tlon. D. T. Disney, House oj Representatives.
Memorial to Congress relative to preemption rights to
seulers6n lands recently embraced in the military re-
serve of Fort Sneihng.
To the Hanoi able Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States in Congress assembled :
This memoiial of the Legislative Assembly of the Terri-
tory of Minnesota respectfully showeth: That on the lands
formerly embraced m the military reservation at Fort Sneli-
mg, in tins* Territory, and now soon to be offered at public
sale to the highest bidder, by provisions of the late Congress
reducing the limits of said reservation, many persons have
made settlements and improvements, not for any purposes
of speculation, but in good faith, as aetual settlers seeking
to make homes for themselves and their families, which
homes and improvements constitute their entire worldly-
possessions. That by offering lands so settled to the high-
est bidder, this meritorious class is exposed to the merciless
cupidity of avaricious speculators; that this class, com-
posed of those who are the pioneers of new countries,
making the wilderness to blossom like the rose, and cre-
ating demand for the public domain, deserves from the
General Government the same protection granted by pre-
emption laws to bettlera on other public lands. W.e there-
fore, your memorialists, respectfttlly pray you so to amend
