1S55.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
489
of the land. No, sir; they are willing to pay for
it. 1 opposed a similar bill at the last session,
because it allowed one or two man to take these
town sites all to themselves. They are denied
exclusive privileges by this bill. The land goes
in lots to those who have settled upon it, never
mind who they may btf. 1 trust the bill may be
Mr. WHEELER. somewhat surprised,
Mr. Chairman, that the passage of this bill is
asked because this man is a preacher. He was
eent out to that country to preach peace, and he
was paid for going. Because he has done what
he agreed to do we are now to give him extra
emolument.
Mr. RICE. Nothing is asked for him but that
he shall be allowed to pay for the land he has
improved.
Mr. WHEELER. According to the gentle-
man's own statement he has been violating the
law for twenty years.
Mr. RICE. No, sir. He went upon the land,
which it is proposed we shall allow him to pay
for, by permission of the War Department.
Mr. WHEELER. If permission was granted,
it was without any legal right on the part of the
War Department. The gentleman does not gain
anything in either view of the case.
This preacher has put up, according to the state-
ments which have been made, some paltry houses
upon this land; but he does not ask for the im-
provements. No, sir, he asks and desires to get
the one hundred and sixty acres of land.
Mr. WASHBURNE. He asks only what
every settler asks, and has been granted.
Mr. WHEELER. The gentleman's remark
does not apply to military reservations. I do not
like either to oppose or vote for this bill, on the
ground simply of this man being a clergymnn.
But appeal is made that he is aged and decrepid,
and has depending upon him for support a great
many children. Now, there are many men in the
country similarly circumstanced, who would like
to be helped in just the same manner. Why
should we discriminate? If this man has served
his country long and well, put him upon your
pension roll. Without detaining the committee
further, I shall simply say that I shall vote against
the bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Chairman, there
is a single view of this subject which, it strikes
me, must dispose of all the objections which have
been made. When settlers go upon lands to
which the Indian title has not been extinguished,
or which have not been surveyed, and having
endured the hardships of the wilderness, make
improvements which have the effect to hapten the
settlement of the country, is it to be urged as on
objection to these men getting a title to their lands
that they were trespassers upon the public lands?
Has that been the policy of the Government' It
has not been the policy of the Government ill the
past. It has been your policy to extend the pro-
tecting arm of the Government over the first
settlers and explorers of your country. Sir, it is
a sound policy. It is one which has borne your
flag to where it is now floating upon the other
side of the continent. It is one which, if it had
not been extended to your early settlers, by giving
them the right of preemption, by giving them
the right to enter their home and to purchase the
lands upon which they have made improvements,
if you had not protected these " trespassers," if
you choose to call them by that name, your pub-
lic lands would not have been settled to near the
extent they are now settled, nor would your
country have been near as prosperous as it now is.
Sir, do you tell me that it is reasonable, that it is
right, that it is just, that it is proper, that when
this man has gone into the wilderness, felled the
savage forest, and made his home valuable, that
you should permit his land to be put up at auction,
and bid upon by the man who has remained in
the bosom of society, and who has amassed the
wealth that will enable him to outbid the poor
settler? If the past policy of the Government
has been worth anything, it has been for the pro-
tection of those settlers—those trespassers, if you
please—from coming into competition, when the
lands come into market, with speculators.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question in relation to what he speaks of
as the past policy of the Government in such
cases. I ask him if the Government has ever
legalized entries of this sort, where persons have
gone upon the public lands before they have been
surveyed and brought into market? I do not now
recollect a single case where such a thing has
occurred.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will refer the gentle-
man to three or four cases wliere the same thing
has occurred precisely, and I could refer him to
many more. The town of Burlington, in the
State of Iowa, was settled in precisely the same
way, and the claims of the settlers confirmed by
the Government. In Fort Madison the same was
true, and the same was also true of Dubuque, loVa.
And, sir, wherever we have had military stations
the same policy has prevailed in every single in-
stance.
Mr. HENN. I wish to' ask the chairman of
the Committee on Territories if we have not
♦passed a bill during the present week covering a
precisely similar case? Did we not pass a bill
granting preemption privileges to a- settler upon
Rock Island, in the Mississippi river?
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 was on the point of
alluding to the very case to which the gentleman
from Iowa has called my attention. Rock Island
was a military post in the Mississippi river; it
was the last point at which the Indians made their
stand prior to their emigration west of the Mis-
sissippi. The whole island was a military reser-
vation, and it is only within two or three days, I
think—certainly within the last week—that this
House passed a bill confirming the title to certain
lands upon this reservation, upon which he had
located, and allowing him to enter it at $1 25
per acre. -The land is now worth some seven or
eight thousand dollars. But when he entered upon
it it was notwortli $1 25 per acre. And, sir, will
this Government place itself in the attitude of
claiming to receive for itself the toil and labor of
a oitizen for nothing? The Government does not
need the money, and it would be ail act of gross
and outrageous injustice if it did.
There can be no reason why we should change
our policy in relation to this matter, and I will not
trouble the committee by further remarks in rela-
tion to it.
Mr. MACE. I wisfi to speak one word in
reference to the true character of this case. The
bill provides that this poor old minister shall have
the privilege, before these lands are offered in
market, to buy his little home at jjl 25 per acre.
It is urged by gentlemen who object to the bill,
that the land should be put up at auction and
sold to the highest bidder. Now, then, suppose
this plan was carried out, and the bidders were
assembled, I ask you, Mr. Chairman, if you sup-
pose any honest, honorable man, would bid against
this person for his home? The answer at once is,
that he would not. Then, sir this whole question
resolves itself into this one proposition: Will you
permit a mean, contemptible scoundrel to attend
the sale and purchase this old man's home from
him. That is all there is of it.
Mr. SKELTON. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Indiana onequestion for information. What
quantity of land will each of these claimants get
under this bill ?
Mr. MACE. They cannot get more than one
I hundred and sixty acres each.
| Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Some of
j them will not get thaf.
j Mr. RICE. I will state that some of the claim-
I ants will not get more than ten acres, some will
1 get forty or fifty, and according to the provisions
' of the bill, none of them can get more than one
hundred and sixty acres.
Mr. SKRLTON. Is this town land ?
Mr. RICE. It is land which these claimants
have improved and lived upon.
Mr. SKELTON. What is the value of the
improvements?
j Mr. RICE. Why, I suppose they have ex-
i pended a million and a half of dollars there.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Is this subject amend-
able ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Well,sir,I send up an
amendment to the Clerk's table, which I desire to
have adopted. I offer it as an additional section.
It is in the following words:
JJnd be it further ennc/aj, That Hti^h Reed, of White
county, in the Slate of Arkansas, be, and hp is hereby, au-
thorized to enter, free of cost, one hundred and sixty acres
of any of the unappropriated public lands, to enable him
to educate three children presented him by his wife at the
same birth.
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The chair is of opinion
that the gentleman's amendment is not in order.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I call for a vote upon
the question.
Mr. RUSSELL. It strikes me that there should
be an amendment in the sixteenth line of the first
section. I move to insert after the word "circum-
stances," the words "proof and payment," so as
to make the clause read:
And where any of said lands come within the provisions
of the act of May 23, 1844, for the relief of the citizens of
towns upon the lands of the United Stales, under certain
circumstances, proof and paymentshail also be made with-
in tiiree months after the passage of this act; and in ei'her
case, if the entries are not made within that tune, the claim
shall Ije forfeited.
This amendment is necessary to make the sen-
tence grammatical.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I now move that the
bill be laid aside to be reported to the House with
the recommendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
SALE OF MILITARY RESERVES.
The next bill upon the Calendar was Senate
bill (No. 129) to authorize the sale of reserved
lands, and for other purposes.
The Clerk read the bill in extenso.
Mr. EASTMAN. I submit that that bill ia
not in order, it is not a territorial bi.ll, and has
been improperly placed among the territorial bus-
iness.
Mr. DISNEY. The gentleman from Wisconsin
is a little too fast. It is true that the bill relates
to military reserves generally, but the particular
cases now calling for action under this bill are in
the Territories.
I desire to say further, that there is at present
no law authorizing the sale of any military reserve
either in a Territory or a State. There is no law
authorizing any functionary of this Government
to sell or dispose of any of the military reserves
after they shall have been abandoned for military
purposes. Now, such cases are continually oc-
curring in the Territories, and some provision
ought to be made to dispose of the military re-
serves thus abandoned.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill is general in its
chniacter; it applies to all the public lands which
have been reserved for military purposes, and,
therefore, in the opinion of the Chair, it is not a
territorial bill.
Mr. HENN. I would suggest to the Chair
that the bill was reported from the Committee on
Public Lands, under the call for reports of a ter-
ritorial character.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
bill has been improperly reported and taken up
during the special order for territorial business.
It is not in order.
SURVEYOR GENERAL OF UTAH.
The bill was accordingly passed over, and th 
committee proceeded to take up the next bill upon
the Calendar, being House bill (No. 689) to es-
tablish the office of surveyor general of Utah, and
to grant land to actual settlers therein.
Mr, RICHARDSON. I object to the consid-
eration of that hill at this time.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair will put
the question to the committee, whether the bill
shall be passed over.
Mr. LETCHER. What is the objection ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not want to hava
the bill considered now.
Mr. DISNEY. I do not desire to press any
course of action that might come in conflict with
the general wish of the committee. But this bill
is a very important one. There is a necessity for
a survey of the public lands in the Territory of
Utah, and for the establishment of the office of
surveyor general. To that extent, therefore, the
bill is exceedingly important—quite as important
as any other territorial bill before the committee.
Why, in view of this fact, the chairman of the
Committee on Territories would pass it by, it re-
mains for him to say.
The CHAIRMAN. The_ Chair must remark
that the question whether the committee will pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill, must be de-
cided without debate.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to make a single
