1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that he was misinformed in relation to House bill
(No. 566) to extend to the Territories generally the
laws regulating the fees and compensation of offi-
cers, and the suitors of the United States courts in
Oregon, as to its being improperly placed upon the
docket.
Mr. RICHARDSON'. 1 withdraw my objec-
tion to the bill (No. 689) in reference to Utah.
- Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
bill for the relief of the secretary of the Territory
of Minnesota be reported to the House with a
recommendation that it be referred to a Committee
of the Whole House.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I wish the gentleman
would so modify his motion as simply to refer it
back to the House.
Mr.J0NE3. By no means.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would say that
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee can-
not be entertained, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES. Well, then, I withdraw my
motion, and let it remain in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, where it is now.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is right that it should
go to a Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. JONES.- I will say, then, if it goes to
the House upon a recommendation to send it to a
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar,
the previous question will be called, and, without
an opportunity to look into it, to examine it, to
object to it, or have a. report upon it, the House
will be called upon to vote upon it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will say to the gen-
tleman, that I will save him all trouble of that
sort, as far as I can, and will aid him in giving it
the proper direction by sending it to a Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
COMPENSATION OF TERRITORIAL OFFICERS.
House bill (No. 566) to extend to the Terri-
tories generally the laws regulating the fees and
compensation of officers and the suitors of the
United States courts ir. Oregon, was next taken
up in its order upon the Calendar, and reported to
the committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Iraiseapoint
of order upon that bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has not read
the bill, as it has not been primed. If the Chair
is correctly*informed, it provides that the fees
prescribed by the fee bill, passed sometime since,
at the last session of Congress, he believes, shall
regulate the fees and compensation which the
clerks and marshals of the United States shall
charge in the Territories.
Mr. McClUEEN, 1 f I understood the bill when
it was read, it provides for the same fees to the
judicial officers of the Territories as were given to
those officers in California by the act of 18r>3. If
so, I trust that gentlemen will lefer to that act,
which was passed in consideration of the peculiar
circumstances surrounding the case, before they
act' upon this measure. If they do examine it,
they will find nn exorbitant scale of fees, which
should not be allowed in this instance.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House with the recommendation that it do not
pass.
HOMESTEAD BILL FOR UTAH.
House bill (No. 689) to establish the cj^Tice of
surveyor general of Utah, and to grant land to
actual settlers thereon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How does
that bill get before the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. It is the only bill upon
the Calendar which is not disposed of. It was
passed by some time since.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to dispense with the
first reading of the bill, and that the Clerk proceed
to read it by sections for amendment.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of T#nnessee. I understand,Mr.
Chairman, this is the only bill undisposed of now
upon the Calendar, of territorial business. Then,
to see whether the committee is willingto do some
justice, at least, to the Territory of Utah, which
it has to the other Territories, and understanding
that this bill is, in substance, if not in language,
exactly like that of the last session, which was
passed for New Mexico, I move to strike out the
enacting clause. This will bring the committee to
a vote. If a majority is willing to give the same
law in this matter to Utah which the other Ter-
ritories have had, then let them do it. We recol-
lect, Mr. Chairman, the discussion—the protracted
discussion—which took place at the last session
on amendments to the bill with regard to the pecu-
liar institutions of the people of that Territory; and
if we get involved in a similar discussion now we
could not, were we to sit here for the next week,
dispose of the measure. We could not, in my
opinion, even under the five-minute rule of debate,
get it out of committee within a week. To test the
sense of the body upon the subject, I have moved
to strike out the enacting clause.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to say a single word.
[Cries of " Let us vote 1" " Gluestion '■"]
Mr. BERNHISEL. I trust the gentleman may
be indulged in an explanation.
Mr. DISNEY. Let the vote be taken.
The question was taken; and Mr. Jones's motion
was agreed to; and the bill was then laid aside to
be reported to the House with the action thereon.
Mr. JONES. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and theSpeaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had the state of the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the special
order on territorial business, and had directed him
to report sundry bills, some with ar.d some without
amendment; in which it a&ked the concurrence of
the House.
Mr. RICflARDSON. Mr. Speaker, I suggest
to the House that the Clerk read over the titles
of the bills just reported, and that when he has
finished all those to which no objection has been
made, they be voted on en masse. It is important
this business should be disposed of this evening.
If allowed to go over it may be superseded.
Mr. ROWE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw his motion to adjourn until I can
get the unanimous consent of tlie House to have
these bills taken up and acted on to-morrow?
Mr. ROWE. I withdraw the motion to ad-
journ.
'The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
demands the previous question upon all the bills
which have been reported from the committee.
Mr. WHEELER. What- has become of my
motion to adjourn ? I made the motion, and have
not withdrawn it.
The SPEAKER, protemporc. No such motion
has been pending..
Mr. WHEELER. I certainly made the motion.
The SPEAKER protemporc. The gentleman's
colleague from New York [Mr. Rowe] was
recognized by the Chair. The Chair, however,
recognizes the gentleman now. Does he move
that the House adjourn ?
Mr. WHEELliR. I do.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There is a number of
bills reported from committees to which there is
no objection, and there are several others to which
gentjemen are opposed. My proposition now is,
that "the House pass at once such of the bills as
there is no objection to, and allow the previous
question to be seconded upon the others, and then,
if the House do not wish to dispose of them this
afternoon, let it adjourn.
The SPEAKER jiro tempore. The gentleman's
proposition will be acted upon, unless there is ob-
jection.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then go on with the
bills in their regular order.
Mr. PRATT. The chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, this morning, tried to get
the consent of the House to print a substitute for
a bill modifying the existing tariff laws. I under-
stand the gentleman who then objected is now will-
ing to withdraw his objection. As this is a mat-
ter of considerable importance to some of my con-
stituents, I ask the unanimous consent of the
House, now, that the substitute may be printed.
Mr. Ritchie, of Pennsylvania, Mr. Pringle,
and others objected.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I now call for the regular
order of business.
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The regular
order of business is the consideration of Senate bill
(No. 60) authorizing the construction of a subter-
ranean line of telegraph from the Mississippi or
the Missouri river to the Pacific; and the question
pending is upon the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. WHEELER. Upon that question I de-
mand the yeas'and nays.
Mr. RICHARDSON obtained the floor.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to lay that bill
upon the table. ■*
Mr. RICHARDSON. Is the gentleman from
Maryland entitled to the floor to make that motion ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. He is not.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I moveto substitute for
that bill the one I offered in committee this morn-
ing.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
The bill was reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the stateof the Union, with the recom-
mendation that the enacting clause be stricken out.
The amendment of the gentleman from Illinois is,
therefore, not in order until the question has been
taken upon concurring in the report of the com-
mittee.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
Missouri is correct.
Mr. CRAIGE. Did I not understand the gen-
tleman from Illinois to propose that such bills as
were objected to should be passed over without
consideration to-day? If thatis the understanding,
1 object to this bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state to the gentleman from North Carolina that
the gentleman from Illinois proposed that the
Clerk should read the bills by their titles, and
those to which no objection wa3 made passed en
masse. But his proposition having been objected
to, the bills come up regularly in their order for
consideration.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire once more to
make a proposition to the House in reference to
this particular bill. If the House will give its con-
sent to put the bill in such a position that it can
be called up hereafter for a vote of the House, I
will not ask for a vote upon it now.
Mr. CRAIGE. I have no objection to that.
Mr. KEITT. Idesire to inquire of the Chair
whether, in case the House adjourns in its present
stage of proceedings, these bills will come up to-
morrow morning for the action of the House?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is' of
the opinion that business relating to the Territo-
ries having been made the special order for three
days onlv, and the time set apart being limited to
to-day, if the House should now adjourn, the bills .
would all, in the morning, be found upon the
Speaker's table.
Mr. KEITT. And come up for action ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. And would not
come up for action until every other bill upon the
Speaker's table had been taken up and disposed of.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I wish to
make a suggestion to the House. I ask the Chair
whether, by unanimous consent, the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Illinois to the bill
for a subterranean telegraph cannot be received,
the previous question ordered upon all the bills,
and the House adjourn, without sending the bills
to the Speaker's table ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state that, if the previous question is ordered upon
the bills, the substitute of the gentleman from Illi-
nois can still be offered to the bill for the construc-
tion of a subterranean telegraph. That bill, how-
ever, being reported from the committee with the
recommendation that the enacting clause bestricken
out, the amendment is not now in order.
Mr. WASHBURN. My proposition is this 
Mr. HAMILTON. I object to the gentleman's
proposition.
Mr. RICHARDSON. For the purpose of
saving these bills from going to the Speaker's
table, I will enter the motion to recommit all of
them.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That motion will
be received, if there is no objection.
Mr. JONES, of New York. Is that motion in
order ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is, if no one
objects.
Mr. SEWARD. I should like to know what'
would be the effect of the motion >
