1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
493
of the case, though they cultivate their fields, are
compelled, from considerations of security, to re-
side in villages. That is all there is in this bill.
Mr."MlLLSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question. 1 would call hia attention to the phrase-
.<5logy of the bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The agreement made by
the House was, that if objection was made to any
of the bills, that we should go back to the first bill
objected to. I wish to place these bills in a con-
dition to be acted upon. I move, therefore, to
recommit them.
Mr. M1LLSON. I was about to ask a question
of the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands. The second section of the bill gives to
every white male citizen of the United States, with-
out any limitation as to age, a quarter section of
land. I think the qualification made there with
respect to persons above twenty-one years, applies
only to unnaturalized applicants for citizenship.
Mr. DISNEY. I will only say, in reply to the
gentleman from Virginia, with regard to thi^jues-
tion of time, that it is not an opportune moment
to go into questions of grammatical construction—
proper enough in their way and in their time. I
have imlicated my desire that so much of the bill
as provides for the crcation of the office of sur-
veyor general shall be retained, so that the Gov-
ernment may go on and survey these lands. I
repeat, that the Delegate from the Territory of
Utah seems to think that the general settlement of
the country, by donations to actual cultivators of
the soil, is more important to them than the erea-
ation of the office of surveyor-general. I, then,
conform my action to his wishes, in order to give
him the opportunity he desires; and I move, there-
fore, that the bill be recommitted to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, which
carries the bill over and keeps it upon the Speak-
er's table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There are four
bills to which objection has been made, the titles
of which are as follows:
A bill to amend the act approved 2Gth August,
1852, entitled "An act to reduce and define the
boundaries of the militkry reserve at Saint Peter's
river, in the Territory of Minnesota," and for
other purposes;
A joint resolution authorizing the Legislative
Assembly of Utah to continue their sessions for
a term not exceeding sixty days, instead of forty
days, as heretofore provided;
An act authorizing the construction of a sub-
terranean line of telegraph, from the Mississippi
or Missouri river, to the Pacific ocean; and
A bill to establish the office of surveyor general
of Utah, and to grant land to actual settlers there-
on.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I would ask if Senate
bill No. GO, authorizing the construction of a sub-
terranean line of telegraph from the Mississippi
or Missouri river to the Pacific ocean is not the
first bill in order, it being first objected to ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It would be first
in order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move, then, to take
up that bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objec-
tion to the previous question being taken upon
this bill ?
[Cries of "Yes!" "Yes!"l
Mr. RICHARDSON. The House do not seem
to understand that the bill is reported from the
committee with a recommendation striking out
the enacting clause. You cannot move to amend
the bill while that motion is pending. If you
move the previous question upon it, you will be
brought to a vote upon the bill as it is. If the
House will agree to non-concur in the action of
the committee, bring the bill before them, allow
me to offer a substitute, move the previous ques-
tion upon it, and pursue the same course with
the other bills, I will then agree to an adjourn-
ment, which will bring them all up again.
Tne SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state, that the previous question called upon the
bill, the enacting clause of which the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union have rec-
ommended to be stricken out, will operate only
upon that bill, and when the question shall have
been taken upon striking out the enacting clause,
the previous question wiil be exhausted; but if
the House shall refuse to strike it out, the bill
■will be open to amendment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move the previous
question upon it.
Mr. EDDY. 1 wish to say that I have paired
off with the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Latham,] who has been called away to Baltimore
upon very pressing business, upon all questions
affecting this bill, he being in favor of it, and I
being against it.
Mr. LETCHER. It is manifest that there is
no quorum here; and, before the vote is taken, I
move that the House adjourn.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to recommit all
the bills still unacted upon to the Committee on
Territories; and I ask the gentleman to withdraw
his motion to adjourn, so the motion I make may
be entered upon the Journal.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw my motion for
that purpose.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There being no
objection, the order will be made as requested by
the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. LETCHER. I now move that the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
explain. There are three bills which have been
reported from the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and have been objected
to when reported by their titles. The gentleman
from Illinois asks the unanimous consent of the
House to enter a motion in the case of each ot
these three bills, that they be recommitted to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. If there be no objection to that motion, it
will be entered. _ The Chair hears no objection,
and the motion is entered.
Mr. PRATT. I understand my friend from
Pennsylvania withdraws his objection to the
printing of the bill to which I referred a few min-
utes since. The objection being withdrawn, I
ask that the bill may be printed.
Mr. WHEELER. I renew the objection, and
move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. PRATT. 1 ask the gentleman from New
York to withdraw his objection and his motion.
I ask it as a personal favor.
Mr. WHEELER. I withdraw it.
No further objection being made, the bill re-
ferred to was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE, by unanimous consent, presented
certain resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of New York; which were laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
And then, on motion by Mr. WHEELER, at
four o'clock and twenty-live minutes, the House
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 31, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday waB read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid- before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating an abstract of the militia of the several
States and Territories, with their arms, accouter-
ments, and ammunitions; which was ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented resolutions of the
Legislature of New York, in favor of granting
pensions to the surviving soldiers of the Indian
wars of 1791, 1792, 1794, and 1795, and to the
widows of those deceased; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of Christian F. Funch and
Andrew J. Meincke, citizens of the United States,
praying that a register may be issued for the ship
Dina, formerly of Russia, which was sold for
debt by the United States marshal, and purchased
and repaired by the petitioners in the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented the petition of Lorin
Blodget, praying an equitable hearing and adjust-
ment of his claims against the Smithsonian Insti-
tution, for services rendered and expenses incurred;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
JACOB DODSON.
Mr. WELLER. I ask the Senate to take up
for consideration the bill Which has been reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs, for the'
relief of Jacob Dodson, a cotored man, who is
now in the employ of the Senate. It is a bill
which has been considered by the committee, and
I presume there will be no objection to it.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to direct the
proper Accounting officers to allow Jacob Dodson,
a colored man, (who, on the 7th of July, 1846, at
the American Forks, in California, volunteered
as a private for, and during, the war, in Captain
Richard Owen's company of the California bat-
talion, and who was discharged therefrom on the
14th of April, 1847, at Los Angeles,) the pay and
allowances to which he would have been entitled
under the existing laws, if he had been legally
enlisted in, and honorably discharged from, the
service of the United States, deducting there-
from the sum of $281 paid to him by Colonel J. C.
Fremont, as a member of the exploring expe-
dition within the period named.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
Mr. CLAYTON. I ask that the bill of the
House of Representatives, " to provide for the
ascertainment and satisfaction of claims of Amer-
ican citizens for spoliations committed by the
French, prior to the 31st day of July, 1801,"
may now be taken up and read a second time. I
do not propose that the Senate shall take any fur-
ther action on it to-day, than have it read a second
time. It is not intended by its friends to refer it
to any committee; but I give notice that I shall on
to^morrow call it up for consideration and action.
Mr. DAWSON. I hope we may be allowed
the morning hour, without interference, to get
through with reports from the standing commit-
tees. I shall oppose any departure from that
usual order of business.
Mr, CLAYTON. The Senator opposes the
second reading of this bill, which is a mere matter
of form, in order to enable us to get at it to-mor-
row; that is all. Now if the gentleman will pro-
claim his hostility to the measure at once, we
shall understand him.
Mr. DAWSON. I am very much astonished
at the courseof my friend from Delaware. I have
heretofore voted for this bill, and I shall do so
again; but I cannot see why the morning hour
should be taken for this purpose. Why should
we not be allowed the morning hour in which to
present reports from our committees? I had no
idea that my friend would get in such a state of
"excitement; but if the Senate are ready to agree
' to hi3 suggestion, I withdraw all opposition to it.
Mr. CLAYTON. I thank the gentleman for
that. I hope he will cool off himself, and here-
after not fire until he gets near enough. Now he
has goneoff without cause. If he had waited,
the bill might have been read a second time, and
disposed of for to-day.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time.
Mr. CLAYTON. I move that its further con-
sideration be postponed until to-morrow, and I ^ive
notice that I shall then call it up for the action of
the Senate.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the bill of
the House of Representatives for the relief of
Thomas Underbill, executor of Thomas Under-
bill, deceased, reported it back with amendments.
He also submitted a report on the bill; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives for the relief of the legal representatives
u rar(^ Meade, submitted an adverse report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives for the relief of the legal representatives
of Henry Hoffman, submitted an adverse report
thereon; which was ordered to be.printed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions
to whom was referred the petition of William
