494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
Goff, praying to be allowed a pension on account
of services in the war of ihe Revolution, submit-
ted an adverse report thereon; which was ordered
fco be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to' whom
was referred the petition of the heirs and legal
representatives of Captain Thomas Dinsmo^e, a
soldier in the war of 1612, praying to be allowed
arrears of pension alleged to be due him at the
time of hu death, submitted an' adverse report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Oscar F. Johnson, a passed midshipman in the
United States JSfavy, praying to be allowed *the
difference of compensation between a midshipman
and that of a passed midshipman, from the date
of his promotion to the date of his warrant, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Thomas Tansill, for
bounty, additional pay, and allowances provided
by the acts of March 2, 1833, and 1837. in lelti-
tion to the marine corps, and pay and allowances !
of musician in said corps, from 17ih of January, !
1837, submitted an adverse report thereon, on j
the ground that he entered the public service as !
an indentured apprentice, and not by enlistment, j
and that on the discharge of the petitioner in |
1839, he acknowledged to have received all bis ,
pay, clothing, and emoluments, of every descrip- j
tion -whatever. The report was ordered to be 1
printed. *
MARINE HOSPITAL AT BOSTON. '
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rcsolred, That fh<i Committee on Commerce foe directed
to consult*! tin* expodieney of authorizing ih«: eon^tmciion
of a new building for the marine hospital, in the neighbor-
hood of Boston, in ord**r to lurm h tu accommodations to
lib increasing number of paucnts.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. PEARCE gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for the
accommodation of the courts of the United States,
for the district of Maryland, and the post office,
jn the city of Baltimore.
IlOUriK BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS
REFERRED.
Thejoint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives authorizing the President to give the
requisite notice for terminating our reciprocity
treaties of commerce ami navigation in certain
casea, was read a first and second time by its title,
arid icferred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
The bill to change the names of the American-
built vessels J. iJ. Holmes and Franklin Pierce,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The bill for the erection of a military post on or
near the Pernbma river, in the Territory of Min-
nesota, and for other purposes, was iead a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The bill to enable the people of Oregon Terri-
tory to form a constitution ami State government,
and forthe admis.sion of suchStateinto the Union,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
The joint resolution making an appropriation
for the purchase of territorial libraries, was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred tp
the Committee on Territories.
The joint resolution to disapprove and disaffirm
an act of the Legislative Assembly of the Terri-
tory of Minnesota, entitled "An act to incorporate
the Minnesota and Northwestern Railroad Com-
pany," was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Territories.
The joint resolution disapproving of the act of
the Legislative Assembly of the Territoiy of
Minnesota, entitled "An act to incorporate the
Transit Railroad Company," was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
THOMAS MARSTON TAYLOR.
The PRESIDENT. A message has been
received from the House of Representative®, an-
nouncing that they have concurred in the report
of the committee of conference, on the disagree-
ing votes of the two 'Houses on the bill of the
Senate for the relief of Thomas Matston Taylor.
The report is, that the Senate recede from their
disagreement to the amendment of the House.
Mr. BADGER. The report of this committee
of conference was made something like a week
ago, but the papers being in the possession of the
House, it could not be acted upon by the Senate
at the time. We are now informed, however, by
the House, that they have concurred in the report
of the committee. I move a similar concurrence
on the part of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
VINDICATION OF HON. J. A. BAYARD, DECJD.
Mr. BAYARD made some remarks on certain
passages in the works of Mr. Jefferson, now
being published by authority of Congress, in
which there are reflections on the Hon. James A.
Bayaid, deceased, father of the present Senator",
for the part he took in the contest for the Presi-
dency between Mr. Jefferson and Mr. Burr. Mr.
j^earce, Mr. Cass, Mr. Hunter, and Mr. Mason
also spoke on the same subject, of which a fuli
report will be found in the Appendix.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that they had passed the bill of the
Senate to incorporate St. Joseph's Male Orphan
Asylum in the District of Columbia.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill from the
House of Representatives, making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending !
the 30th of June, 1806, the pending question being 1
on the amendment of Mr. Shields to the amend-
ment of Mr. Hunter, (winch is to provide for
twu additional regiments of regular cavalry and
five hundred rangers,) to substitute for that pro-
vision two regiments of infantry and two of
cavalry. *-
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I am im-
pressed with the belief that any effort of mine, on
the present occasion, will be unavailing for the
accomplishment of the object which 1 have in
view; but, nevertheless, I regard it asran impera-
tive duty to do everything in ray power to pre-
vent the adoption of a course of policy which I
consider detrimental to the peace and security of
our frontier settlements.
I admit, eir, that the'measure proposed by the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,j as chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, is presented
to the Senate m an imposing manner. It seems
to be indorsed by the Secretary of War and the
President of the United States; but, though I en-
tertain fuli respect for the opinions of those dis-
tinguished gentlemen, I must be allowed liberty
to investigate the subject for myself, and to put
my own construction on the facts which are laid
before us. It is not sufficient for me thata meas-
ure comes here indorsed by the recommendation
of the Executive. If I entertain a different view
from the Executive on any point, I must act, as a
Senator, on my own judgment, and not in subser-
viency to the views of others. Are we to acquiesce
m the proposition now presented to us, because
the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Jokes] and
the Senator from Georgia [Mr Dawson] tell us
it is indorsed by the Executive Departments, and
has received their approbation? Are we to be-
come the mere recording instruments of the opin-
ions of the Executive, without the privilege of
investigating subjects, and acting on them mde- I
pendent of those influences which may be brought |
to bear on us? For my own part, Mr. President, '
E shall, when placed here for the purpose of de- I
liberation and action, always exercise my own !
opinions, however much I may defer to the rec- i
ommendations and opinions of others, ae I am
responsible, not only to my constituents, but to
the nation.
I must confess, Mr. President, that I cannot
regard the necessity as urgent as it seems to be
esteemed by other gentlemen, and by those who
have recommended it. It seems to be a measure of
war, and retaliation for wrongs done; it ia a meas-
ure which, we are told, is necessary to save our if and it has rn«?r von nnmLJ* Y,'11"®'
frontiers from aggression, and to protect then, il youwm^dTfclh^
against violence and warfare. I cannot arrive
at that conclusion. However misguided 1 may
be, or however obtuse my faculties, ( cannot see
the slightest indications of a disposition, on the
part of the Indians, to wage hostilities against this
country, or to endanger the lives of our citizens,,
if a correct policy were pursued. Sir, we must
go to the origin of this matter, to see how far
causes have influenced the present condition of
things. We shall then be in a situation to apply
the necessary remedies, and to secure our frontiers
against aggression. In the first place, we are in-
formed by the Secretary of War that—
" During the past year the Sioux had committed many
depredations upon the property of' the emigrants passing
Fort Laramie on their route to Oregon and Utah. On the
19th of August, Lieutenant Grattan, of the 6th infantry,
wa<s sent, by the commander of the post, with thirty five
men to arrest an offender. This entire force was massacred
by the Indians, with the exception of one man who es-
caped severely wound* d, and subsequently dtpd. The
circumsrancesof this affair were at first involved m obscu-
rity ; but authentic details have since proved that the mas-
sacre was the result of a deliberately formed plan, prompted
by a knowledge of the weakness of the garrison at Port
Laramie, and by the temptation to plunder a large quantity
of public and private stores accumulated at or near that
post. The number of the Indians engaged in the affair
was between fifteen hundred and two thousand men."
It is very strange that numerous outrages have
rbeen committed, as we are told by the Secretary
of War. Sir, what are the facts? Not a single
outrage was committed upon the frontier in the
vicinity of Fort Laramie but this; and how was it
produced? Was it produced by the Indians ? We
are told by the Secretary, too, forsooth, that an
ambuscade was laid for the purpose of decoying
this lieutenant, and massacreing him and his party.
Strange it was, indeed, that he should not have
discovered that ambuscade, when he, for the dis-
tance of a mile or more, had marched through the
Indians, with two pieces of artillery, to arrest an
Indian, without requiring the chiefs, or waiting
for them, to surrender the offender. But what was
the offense ? The killing of a crippled cow, That
embraces the repeated outrages upon the people in
the vicinity of Fort Laramie, and on'the route to
Oregon and to California!
Let us look into the facts. We are told by a
most intelligent gentleman, General Whitfield,
an Indian agent, that these Indians had committed
no depredations until they were fired upon, and
one of their chiefs wounded. That took place
before they attempted to retaliate; and even then,
in the first instance, they abstained from anything
like retaliation, through theiniiuence of their chiefs,
until the artillery was fired upon them. Did that
look like an ambuscade, which was laid, or a de-
liberate design to massacre the party ? Sir, these
are facts. They are not deductions. They are
verified by as gallant a man as ever was in a camp
of the United States—a man of intelligence, and
of character. What was the condition of the In-
dians there? Why, sir, they had been promised
annuities. They were aware that the goods had
arnved there. They had been there for nearly
three weeks, ^ The Indians had patiently waited.
Their provisions were scarce. The agent was
expected to .return daily, and did soon return and
possess himself of all the facts. The individual
who was relied on by the War Department, made
an authentic statement to the agent, which was
verified by no less than seven witnesses who were
on the ground, that the aggression was made by
the lieutenant, and at the instigation of a drunken
interpreter, from whom the lieutenant had taken
a bottle of whisky, and had thrown it down and
broken it. Who can suppose that such a medium
through which to communicate to the Indians was
calculated either to inspire respect or confidence,
or that he was a very suitable medium through
which to present grave matters, and make recla-
mation for a cow?
Sir, that cow is to become the wonderful prodigy
of the present age, and she is to enlist the sympa-
thies of the whole country for the lieutenant and
his company, who fell victims to indiscretion and
rashness. Doubtless, induced by the language of
this drunken interpreter, he acted with the indis-
cretion that would characterize youth, butnotthe
deliberation of manhood, and yet this country is
to be involved in a war, the least expense to be
attached to which will be $5,C00 000 h wdl be
an expensive cow; and after you have earned on
t war as long as the war continued in Florida,
