1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
495
they have boundless deserts, and mountains, and
fastnesses, and plains in which to find security,
and when those in Florida, who were hemmed in in
an isthmus or a cape, could not be reduced by the
Army of the United States, and the militia of the
South, how are you going to take troops thou-
sands of miles to subdue these Indians in the illim-
itable West? It is impossible that it can be done,
Mr, President. Then you will have to purchase
peace; and, beside all that, for ten years to come,
you will have to increase your officers, your clerks
in your accounting offices, to pay for the lost horses,
and the incidental losses and injuries done.
But, we are told by the honorable Senator from
Alabama [Mr. Fitz Patrick] that there is great
danger from the Indians, in large bodies of two
thousand five hundred, sweeping down the Mis-
souri river and the Mississippi, and that carnage,
massacre, and slaughter, will be the consequence
of it. Much respect as I have for the honorable
Senator—and I assure you it is of the most sincere
character—I cannot agree with him on these
Indian subjects, though he has lived in a State
contiguous to the Indians, but of a character very
different from those of the plains. The Indians
of the plains are mi generi3 when compared with
others. They are not like the Indians located in
the towns or wigwams of the South; 'hey have no
marks of civilization in their habits. The want
of contact with the whites has deprived them of
a thousand advantages which the Indians of the
South possessed from the earliest recollection of
the Senator.
But, sir, how would a force of Indians embody
themselves on the frontiers and remain for twenty
days embodied ? It cannot be done. My honor-
able colleague [Mr. Rusk] well knows that they
cannot do it, unless they have the appliances anil
comforts of the white man; unless they have stock
from which they can prepare provisions for the
occasion, and produce grain. It is impossible,
sir, and it is now their daily employment, with the
exception of a few outlaws or war parties that
occasionally go out to engage in hunting, to sup-
port their women and children, and to keep them
from starvation. Yes, sir, it is impossible that
they can embody themselves, and remain fourteen
days embodied, in an attitude menacing to the
security of our frontier settlements.
I apprehend no danger. We find, from every
circumstance, that the Indians there are perfectly
disposed to peace and conciliation. There is no
disposition to go to war, except on the part of
some outlaws m each tribe, who may go on pred-
atory excursions, regardless of the authority of
their chiefs; but the chiefs have influence enough,
for they are despotic, their power is absolute, and
if you will give them time they will control the
tribe, and those fellows will be surrendered, and
make an atonement for their crimes. They will
be surrendered, for, after the killing—I will not
call it massacre—or after the repelling of the at-
tack made by Lieutenant Grattan and his parly,
which terminated so disastrously to them, amount-
ing almost to their entire extermination, the In-
dians, aware of the impropriety of the conse-
quences, and of the difficulty of having the facts
presented to this Government, and apprehending
the involvement of their wives and children in
difficulties, and that they should be harassed and
reduced to starvation to an extent greater than
they had yet experienced, came forward with
propositions to make reparation for the injury
done, and to surrender the offenders. But the
officer did not receive them. No, sir, he drove
them off; " Away, sir, I want nothing to do with
you." If you wish to have a force, under such
circumstances, exercising no more discretion or
precaution than is here evinced, sufficient te pro-
tect our frontier, you will have to maintain three
hundred thousand, instead of three thousand.
Why could he not have said to the Indians:
" Bring in th  chiefs, I will await the decision," or,
"Theagent will be here.or is here; talk to lnm;"
but no, sir, the officers were willing to take the
responsibility without referring it to the agent.
And here we find a discrepancy between the
reportof the head of the Indian bureau and the
Secretary of War. We find that the Indian agent,
in.detailing the facts, gives them as they are, per-
fectly authenticated by the best evidence; and we
find the officers giving a different glossary. These
statements have to be reconciled. If I wished in-
formation in relation to the Army purely, I would,
with great pleasure and respect, go to the Secre-
tary of War, for I know his intelligence would
respond to any inquiry that is proper to his duty;
butif I want information in relation to the Indians,
I go to the head of the Indian bureau, wtfere I
expect to find an' able, intelligent, and attentive
gentleman. In the present instance, I am happy
to say that I fully appreciate his conduct. I respect
his capacity and his consistency in the discharge
of the duties assigned Jp him.
Sir, do we find in the report of the Secretary of
War as complete information in relation to Indian
matters as we receive fron) the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs? I think not. In relation to the
recent outrages against the Delaware Indians, in
the usurpation of their territory in disregard of
every pledge made by this Government, we find
that the Secretary of War has not reported the
delinquency, or the criminality, of the officers
engaged, but it comes in an authentic shape from
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs. What should
be done in relation to this matier, it is not neces-
sary that I should say. I gave my opinion the
other day in relation to what ought to be done.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator al-
ludes to the delinquency of some officers of the
Army. Now, when charges are made against
certain officers, I want to get at their names. Let
them be punished if they have committed a fault.
I do not like to hear a general accusation without
specifying the names of the individuals. Will the
honorable Senator mention them ? «
Mr. HOUSTON. I assure the Senator that I
do not exactly recollect; but I am perfectly will-
ing to go as far as the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs. Doubtless they are matters of delicacy; and
as an investigation may be pending—a court of
inquiry, or a court-martial—in relation to the offi-
cers, he may not think proper to exhibit their
names to the public. But he says that two officers
of the Army were engaged in it; and I go as far
as I am justified, in giving a statement which is
authentic, I have no doubt—I am afraid it is; 1
wish I had a doubt. Our functionaries there,
whether civil or military, are bound to protect the
Indians equally with the whites. I want to see the
officers impressed fully with the importance of
their responsibilities. I want to see them as ready
to maintain thedignity and character of the United
States, and preserve, unsullied, its integtity, as I
do, its arms and itschivalry. itisastnuch their
duty to'do so; and there is a chivalry always in
protecting the weak against the strong, the defense-
less against the aggressor. If the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Military. Affairs is pre-
pared to Bay that no officer of the Army has been
concerned in this nefarious transaction, I am per-
fectly willing to waive it. If I have done injustice,
show it to me, and I will take it back.' Butif the
Senator is not prepared to do it, I insist upon it,
as a matter of grave consideration and import to
the honor of the-nation, that it devolves the re-
sponsibility on the Executive of prompt action.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator will
see, I think, the propriety of my request. He
presents a report of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, charging two officers of the Army with
delinquency.
Mr. HOUSTON. Criminality.
Mr. SHIELDS. Tluit is still worse; but he
does not enlighten the Senate, or the world, as to
who the two officers are; and yet he expects that
we can answer for some two officers somewhere.
Now, what I ask, injustice to the Army, in jus-
tice to the Senate, and in justice to the War De-
partment, is, that the honorable Senator specify
who the men are, and what the criminality is of
which they have been guilty, and then I will join
him ill punishing them.
Mr. HOUSTON. The report is made by the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and is predicated
upon the statement of General Whitfield. The
(jentlemen named are, Major Maclin and Major
Ogden, of the United States Army. If they are
innocent of this, I most heartily hope—having
known one of them, and felt an interest in his
appointment—they will be enabled to vindicate
themselves most fully, and to establish the char-
acter which, I believe, they were entitled to up to
this time, or until this information came.
Now, Mr. President, here was a report made
in relation to the Indians at Fo(t Laramie. We
are told that, for three years, these recommenda-
tions for an increase of the Army have been
before the Senate; and yet, wonderful to tell, all the
outrages that have been committed upon the emi-
grants to California, and Oregon, was the crippled
cow transaction. Three years ago there was a
call for this as loudly as there is now, and yet no
disastrous consequences have taken place; for, if
Lieutenant Grattan had never gone there, there
would never'have been any difficulty; or if, pre-
vious to that time, the Army had not gone and
committed outrages upon the Indians across the
Missouri river, there would not have been any
difficulty.
Here, sir, by way way of digression, I will
state that Governor Stevens, with sixty men, and
comparatively few presents, perhaps not amount-
ing to more than $5,000 in value, traveled through
all the hostile tribes from Fort Laramie, or where
he first struck the Indian country, to Oregon, and
never met with molestation. He conciliated them
all; and he Bpeaks of. their great anxiety to con-
ciliate the United States, and the great respect and
hospitality with which he was treated. Some-
times his men were in numbers of four, or greater
or less, as it happened, and they were always in
perfect security, and treated with the utmost hos-
pitality. He often ventured himself with three
or four men into the midst of Indian lodges, and
received their hospitality; and when he rose from
a council, in which all his men had been seated
on handsome buffalo skins, those skins were
carried to his tent as an expression of respect and
hospitality. The Indians could, at any time, have
annihilated his whole command; but he was a
gentleman of discretion, and possessed of as much
chivalry as any one who wore the uniform of the
United States. That shows you that there is no
actual danger.
We hear constantly of traders going through
the country; and when a gentleman here felt some
little alarm on one occasion, and described his
situation as most critical, he said that traders had
gone out when these occurrences took place at
Fort Laramie, and he would have sent for them,
only he was afraid they would all be massacred.
The Indian traders have eone on. They have
nothing to defend them. They have no guards,
no arms; and yet a simple trailer, with persons
enough, Indian or white, to pack and convey the
articles of traffic which he possesses, or the pro-
ceeds of his trade, can go through the whole Indian
country, and not meet with the slightest molesta-
tion or injury. How does this happen, Mr. Pres-
ident? Does it happen that the Indians are hos-
tile, and that they will not attack a weak party;
that they want the United States to send armies
to hurl defiance at them ? Sir, their complaint is,
whenever aggression has been said to have been
committed by them, or whenever they have retal-
iated, that it has been because the white man first
blooded the path, and they wished to walk, too,
in a path of blood. Yes, sir, that is the secret of
it. When our traders can go from Fort Laramie,
or from the frontier of Missouri, Iowa, Wiscon-
sin, and Minnesota, to the Pacific ocean, with
perfect impunity, and return laden with stores
from the desertor the wilderness,obtained in traffic
with the Indians, I say when our troops are in-
jured, there is a fault somewhere, and that fault is
in not cultivating kind relations with the Indians,
and treating them with justice and humanity. It
is the interest of the traders to conciliate them,
and we never hear of their being robbed. We are
told that the Indians exact black mail from our
emigrants to California. Yes, sir, they do; because
persons who have preceded them have provoked
and irritated the Indians. I grant you that no
caravan ought to go without some military pro-
tection. The male portion of the party well armed,
with a small military force, can always defend
themselves against as many Indians as can remain
embodied in any country where the buffalo is not
abundant. I am for giving ample protection,
whatever it may be, to the emigrant trains; but
they should go in such detachments or caravans
as will render it convenient to afford them subsist-
ence, for I would not that one scalp should be
taken.
I can exemplify, to some extent, an impression
that I have when I contrast war measures with
peace measures. 1 well recollect in 1835, 1836,
j 1837 and 1838, in Texas, we had peace. The
I Camanches would come down to the very sea-
' board in amity and friendship, would repose con-
I fidently ia our dwellings, would receive soma
