496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31.
trifling presents, and would return home exulting,
unless they were maltreated, or their chiefs re-
ceived indignities. If they did receive such, they
were sure to revisit that section of the country,
as soon as they went home, and fall upon the
innocent. They were sure to do it; while other
rivers and water courses remained in perfect secu-
rity, and the Indians never depredated. I recol-
lect one instance that occurred with the people of
Colorado. The Indians 'invested it much, and
made frequent incursions. The Brazos was per-
fectly secure. The commissary of that colony,
held under Mexico, treated the Indians kindly.
He had been reared on the frontiers of Tennessee,
when that was a wilderness. His forefathers
were among the first settlers of the Territory of
Tennessee. He conciliated the Indians by proper
treatment. The people of Colorado, some sixty
miles off, went over and seized some friendly In-
dians in a village on the Brazos, which gave pro-
tection to the frontier for women and children.
They knew it was destruction to them, for they
made an inroad into that portion of the territory.
So to involve them in an equal dilemma with the
people of Colorado, a company went over, seized
the women and children there, tied them to trees,
and held a council as to the course that ought to
be taken, whether they ought to be killed or not. j
Some of them, the most chivalrous or clever, re- j
turned. Others went back, and murdered them
all but one. Then war came upon Brazos aho.
It was a signal for the people of Brazos to suffer,
and they had to make common cause with the
people of Colorado in resisting the Indians. So
you see what mischievous men will do. Not
satisfied with the reward of their owl deeds, or
the consequences 'resulting from them, they" will
go and provoke wrong -upon others. There ore
some people who only live in mischief, turmoil,
and agitation.
For the years I have mentioned, in Texas, we
had perfect peace; and, mark you, it did not cost
the Government $10,000 a year. We had no
standing army. A new Administration came in,
and the Legislature immediately appropriated
$2,000,000 for the creation of two regular regi-
ments. Those regiments were raised. What was
the consequence? They said that the policy had
changed m the inauguration of the President. He
announced the extermination of the Indians. lie
marshaled his forces. He made incursions on a
friendly tribe, who lived in sight of our settlements,
where the arts of peace were cultivated and pur-
sued by them—by agriculture and other arts, and
by the exchange and traffic of such productions ;
of the soil as were convenient. They lived by j
traffic with Nacogdoches. The incursion was i
made, and itwas announced formally by theCabi- \
net that they would kill off" Houston's damned :
pet Indians." Well, sir, they killed a very few '
of them; and my honorable colleague knows very
well, if it had not been for him, they would have !
licked the regular army—as the Indians said; I j
was not there. I
The Cherokees had ever been friendly; and,
when Texas was in consternation, and the men [
and women were fugitives from the myrmidons j
of Santa Anna, who were sweeping Texas like !
a simoon, they had aided our people, and given i
them succor; and this was the recompense. They j
weredriven from their homes, and were leftdeso-
late. They were driven up among the Camanches.
What was the consequence ? Every Indian upon
our borders, fromthe Red river to the Rio Grande,
heard the alarm. They learned that extermina-
tion was the cry; and hence it was that the flood
of invasion came upon our frontiers, and drenched
them with blood. The policy was pursued, and
a massacre of sixteen chiefs at San Antonio,
who came in amity for a treaty, took place. That
was in 1840. Before this Army was raised, they
had been m the habit of coming down for purposes
of peace and commerce. But an army of inva-
sion that marched through the settlements, one
hundred or one hundred and fifty miles, through
populous portions of the country, i grant you
avoiding the dense settlements, went to Linville,
upon tide water, rifled the stores, and slaughtered
the men, if there were any, and their childrens'
brains were dashed against the walls of their
peaceful habitations. The exterminating policy
brought it on. The country became involved m
millions of debt, and the Indians in the State were
kept in constant irritation.
That was in 1840; and it was not until the year
1843, that intercourse could be had with them
through the medium of the pipe of peace, the
wampum, and the evidences of friendship. Then,
what I related the other day occurred, and kind
relations were again brought about, which sub-
sisted until 1849. For the last year there has not
been the life of a citizen lost on our borders that
may be attributed to the Indians. One old man
and three children were found near Medina, and
another man was found, not scalped, and we
know not by whose hands he came to his death—
whether he was killed by Indians or Mexicans.
They have detected companies of felons there,
white and black, associated with Mexicans, steal-
ing horses, and running them through the wilder-
ness to Red river. The garrison, they knew,
was there, and they can dodge them, and go
within one mile, or twenty, or thirty, just as they
please. They are perfectly harmless.
They have killed ten soldiers—and why ? Be-
cause the soldiers insulted them. Whenever they
get the chance, they treat them like dogs. What
did they do ? The agent went and made an agree-
ment with the principal officer, for the Indians, to
enable them to subsist, that they should have a
certain amount of powder and lead; that the set-
tler should be permitted to sell it. The command-
ing officer was absent. Perhaps the young lieu-
tenant, or the junior—I hope the Senator will not
ask for the name, for, indeed, I have forgotten it
-twas in command. The Indians came in, and
asked the settler for powder. He said, " No;
there is no powder; you cannot get one grain of
powder or lead." "Why," say they, "our
women and children are crying now. for bread,
and we want to go out and kill game to satisfy our
women and children; we want the powder."
"No, you cannot get powder," says he. "If
you drive us off, we will have to go and join the
northern Camanches. We have always been
disposed to be friendly, but we cannot stay and
starve. We must go and join the stronger party."
" Well," says the officer, " you may go."
"But," say they, "if war comes on." The
reply is, "War is my trade; bring it on as soon
as you please." They separated; and we have
heard that that agent had to send two hundred
miles a friendly Delaware Indian, before he could
overtake that band, and, with difficulty, he got
them back. He had to traverse and ride seven
hundred miles to effect the restoration of harmony.
That is the way they manage. If these are the
gentlemen that are to hold the lives and property,
and the security of our citizens in charge, I want
them to be men of some discrimination, some
wisdom, some little experience, not those who
have just burst from the shell, and who have got
a good deal of it, in their heads—not children just
burst out from their nests in the Military Acade-
my, without ever having seen -an Indian, and
knowing nothing of their disposition. ' Send men
of age and discretion, who have some sympathy
for the whites, if they have no respect for the
Indians. Then, sir, you may dispense with a
great deal of the-force which you now have, or
ought to have, to make the Army efficient.
Now, you see the consequence of this wiping
out of the Indians, and making them respect you.
Whenever you attack them, you embody them;
for we are Hd by an agent, Mr. Yaughan, a gen-
tleman of high respectability, as I understand, that
the L.dians are disposed to live in perfect amity
with the United States; and that they do not only
say that they are disposed to be at peace, but that
they report the hostility of other Indians, and say
that they will cooperate with the whites in giving
them any information and aid that they possibly
can; and will assist them in a conflict with hostile
Indians; so that there is no danger to be appre-
hended If you conciliate but one part, the others
will not attempt to enter into hostilities. It is for
the accomplishment of this, that J desire to seethe
appliances of peace, not of war, used. Here, for
instance, Mr. Vaughan says:
"The firuhes from tile finite, tile Ouh-Papas, Black-
foet, Sio!i v, ;i part <>t the Yanetonnais, San? Arc, and -Mine
cou an band.-: ot" the Missouii, openly bid defiance to the
threats of the Government, and ao so far as to say, that
they do not fear the result should soldiers come to fight
That is all hearsay. It is reported as hearsay,
not as being authentic.
*' The rest of the tribQB in this agency are disposed to do
right, and many of tbern at once will unite in exterminating
the above bands. Several of them have come voluntarily
to me, and stated that, should a force be sent here to
chastise these, they wilt hold themselves in readiness to
give any information relative to tlieir locality and move-
ments in their power, and render any assistance that may
be required oflfiem."
Well, now, when you can divide the Indians in
this way and have one party, suppose you were
to send two hundred men against hostiles, you
could acquire an equal Indian force, so as to coun- .
tervail them, and the whites would determine at
once the preponderance in favor of our Govern-
ment. Mr. President, I assure you I cannot agree
to the proposition. Besides, the general objec-
tions which I have to the increase of the Army as
the policy of the Government, I will say that we
have enough in the present force, if properly em-
ployed, with the exception of the convoys neces-
sary to the emigrant trains, and it would be very
easy to digest a system for that purpose short of
the contemplated three thousand troops.
Sir, I discovered furthermore, that in the plan
suggested, the section of country from which I
come is left entirely free from all the influences of
its provision and all its benefits. My honorable
colleague says, that those who are in danger
ought to feel for home. I say so too, but I am
sure he has not looked into this, and exercised
his accustomed sagacity, or he would perceive
that Texas has not been mentioned in this provi-
sion; but it relates to the emigrant routes of Cali-
fornia. Texas is to be put out of the way.
There is nothing central there—no preponder-
ating political influence there. Texas is neglected.
I made a proposition the other day, that, if the
troops are to be called out, and one fourth of the
money were given to our agent that would be an-
nually expended, I would stake my life upon the
event that we should have perfect peace there;
and the influence of peace there would radiate to
the Pacific. Justice will be done. Their wants
will be supplied. We must remember, sir, there
is a race of mortals wild, who rove the desert free.
They owe no homage to the written rules which
men have made; owe no allegiance to the idle
forms which art suggests; but, proud of freedom
in their native wilds, they need but competency's
aid to make them blest. Well, sir, feed them.
You have it to do, or you have to kill them.
Which is the most expensive, leaving out the hu-
manity of the thing? If you merely regard it as
a matter of dollars and cents, you will find that to
feed them is cheaper than to kill them, though you
should not lose a human life, nor the labor or the
exposure of the citizens, and suffer the casualties
which would be brought upon them by a war.
I go for conciliation; and I come here, Mr. Pres-
ident, to legislate in part for Indians, but not to
legislate for Indians to the exclusion of the whites.
But, the honorable Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] for whose eloquence and high conceptions
1 have great respect—though I do not, in every-
thing, coincide with him—differs from me. I must
be permitted to make a commentary upon a few
sentences which appear in the remarks that he
made the day before yesterday. He said:
" 1 am not here to legislate for Indians. I am here to
legislate for white fotiis and negroes, and not for Indians.
I have no Indian constituency ; and I confess that I have
no great sympathy for them. When I remember their bar-
barities in my own State, when I see there the graves made
by their bands, this heart of mine has no warm, impulBive
feeling for thein. I would do them no wrong; I would give
them all the protection which can be accorded to them; but
I would protcct our own citizens against them. They
should perpetrate no outrage upon our citizens if I could
avert it."
Mr. President, the Senator says he has no In-
dian constituency. I have none; and, moreover,
Mr. President, 1 have no Buncombe constituency,
either.^ [Laughter.] I have a very proud and
exalted constituency. They are pretty much self-
existent, and independent. But, Mr, President,
I come here to legislate for Indians. I find them
embraced within the pale of our Constitution. It
points out the course for me to pursue in relation
to them in my legislative action. The principles
of our Government, independent of the express
letter of the Constitution, would suggest to me
what course to pursue. They are here recognized
by the action of this body in the ratification or
rejection of treaties whici\ have been made with
them. I grant you it is a farce which has lost now
even the solemnity of a farce, if it ever had any;
but still I come here to legislate for the Indians.
To tell you the truth, sir, it is always with great
reluctance that I see the subject of legislation for
