THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1855.
New Series No. 32.
negroes introduced into the Senate. I do not
think it a proper place for it. I have never recog-
nized the right of the Senate to do it, and I never
will; and there I take issue with the honorable
Senator in that particular.
But, independent of that, the Indians are a peo-
ple who areupon our borders. We are brought in
contact with them. We have taken their soil,
their country. They have yielded to superior in-
telligence, and to the spirit of domination inherent
in. our race. They are a feeble race, yielding to
the pressure of circumstances, and to the mastery
of white men. Bat, sir, if they are inferior, and
have fallen beneath our prowess, and they are
prostrate, let us raise them up; let us elevate them;
let us bring them to equality with ourselves as
to intelligence, for they are not inferior in native
capacity, they are not inferior in the employment
of mechanical arts. What did the Senator from
California [Mr. Weller] say yesterday? He
stated that the wild Indian boys, who were taken
in California, and put to agricultural pursuits,
learned with the same readiness that the white boys
did, to plow, and the arts of agriculture, so far as
they had been tried. It was manly testimony,
and it commends the gentleman and his experi-
ence to consideration. He tells you, too, that
a few years ago, there were not less than ten
thousand Indians in four counties, who have now
dissolved and melted away, until but a fraction
over three thousand remain. With the vast num-
ber that are still there, perhaps the proportion of
diminution will soon be as great. Weou«<htto
look with some degree of commiseration upon
these people. It is not the duty of every gentle-
man to feel sympathy for them, but he should
feel a manly respect for himself; he should feel
for humanity in any shape, for a merciful man
will be merciful to his beast. They are degraded
and sunk by their contact with the white man.
They have, unfortunately, first to learn his vices,
and, by degreeR, to glean his virtues. But yet we
see, under these influences, nations ri«e, become
respectable, intelligent, scientific, and not only
scientific, or learned, but we find them whh their
judicial department, their political department,
their administrative department, and tlu-ir Chris-
tian department. You find, in the last twenty
years, not less than seventy ministers of the Gou-
pel have grown up among the ("reeks, the last to
raise a hostile arm against the United Stntea.
Why not produce the same result with other
tribes? My distinguished fiiend ftom Michigan
[Mr. Cass] well knows that the Indian is siinccpti-
bie, notonlyof improvement, rapid improvement,
proportioned to the facilities a Horded to him,
but that he has as high and generous impul.^s
as ever swayed the human heart; or quickened
life's vital current; and who, when their friend-
ship is plighted, would give their life to redeem
you from an adversary's blow. Yet these men are
not woith legislating for! Were their existence
to terminate, and not to go beyond this eauhly
sphere, were there no eternity to receive the un-
dying spirit of an Indian, humanity would bidu«
do justice to the red men. i*ut they have an un-
dying spirit, and if you inflict wrongs upon them
and they are unredressed, the accountability may
be beyond my power to tell; butthe honor of this
nation demands the maintenance of good faith
towards them. Have we heard that any efforts
have been made to redress the wrongs recently in-
flicted on the Delawares? No, sir, we have not
heard that the military there have interposed and
driven the offenders from their land. It is not
neutral territory; it is their property; and the Uni-
ted States is pledged, by treaty, and by honor, to
protect them in its possession. They have dele-
gated a trust to the United States to self this land
if they dispose of it for their benefit; but they
have not given it to the aggressor. Will the Gov-
ernment permit their wrong to go unredressed?
Where is the military authority there, that they do
not expel the aggressors, in obedience to the in-
tercourse law—peisons who are there without per-
mission? Sir, the nation's honor grovels m the
dust, its ermine is soiled, its glories are clouded.
82
Mr. President, I 'm reluctant to detain the
Senate; but I must take the liberty of making a
suggestion, and it may be regarded, in the char-
acter of prophecy or fancy, as may be most con-
venient and acceptable. Raise the three thousand
troops, make a general war with the Indians; and
it will take five years to terminate it. It will be-
come a focus of excitement. It will virtually
arrest emigration to California and to Oregon. It
will cost you fifteen millions of dollars, and you
then will have to approach these Indians through
the medium of pacification. Send your wise men,
three commissioners, if you please, and send two
or three hundred men, as discreet men might
designate, and you will make peace with every
man in the course of nine months, and give per-
fect security to your emigrant trains. You will
not hear of bloodshed, unless it results from a
spirit of retaliation provoked by the whites. This
being done, you would have the blessed reflection
that you have saved the effusion of human blood.
The women and children of the Indians will be
preserved. But if you call the attention of the
warriors to war and battle, and to marauding, by
way of retaliation, upon your trains, starvation
will pnsue for want of the means of subsistence.
Mark these words; pacific force will give peace
and save millions of money, a hostile force will
expend millions, waste human life, and dishonor
the nation.
Mr. DOlOGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, the
measure of increasing our military force, comes
strongly recommended to us, by both the President
and {Secretary of War. Those recommendations
are but earnest repetitions of what these officers
and their immediate predecessors have strongly
urged upon Congress at previous sessions; and in
addition to the increase of our regular Army, we
have recently received from the President, aspecial
message, requesting us to authorize him to employ
three thousand volunteers for the defense of our
extended frontier, now believed to be menaced by
Indian warfare. This force has been called for,
because of the delay in voting the regiments so
long and repeatedly asked, as an addition to the
regular Army, and, under the belief that, if those
regiments were now granted, they could not be
raided in time'to meet the exigencies of the public
service. Jn view of the danger to our frontier
settlers, and to the overland emigration to Cali-
fornia and Oregon, 1 think the recommendations
wise and judicious. It is not proposed that these
volunteers shall become a part of the permanent
force of the Army, nor remain in service over
eighteen months. 1 know they can be brought
into the field immediately, armed, mounted, and
equipped, ready to accompany emigrants, build
forts, or operate wherever there is likely to be dif-
ficulty between the whites and the Indians, or
between the different tribes.
President Pierce, in his annual message at the
commencement of this session says:
"The expiMHMu-e of tin; last year furnishes additional
reasons, I icgret tn s.iv, of ;i painful character, lor the rec-
ommendation heretofore math" to provide lor increasing ihe
military fuicn employed in the territory inhabited by the
Indiana. The settlers on the frontier have suffered much
trom the incursions of predatory band-*, and large parties of
emigrants to our Pacific possession* have been massacred
with impunity. The recurrencc of such scenes can only
be prevented by teaching these wild iribes the power of,
and their responsibility to. the United States. ***** The
public mind of the eoutUtv has been recently shocked by
savage ntmeities committed upon delcn^elcss emigrant?. and
border settlement-*; and hardly less by the unnecessary di-
stinction of valuable live*, where inadequate detachments
of troops have undertaken to furnish the needed aid."
President Fillmore said:
<-'Tevas and New Mexico are surrounded by powerful
tribes of Indians, who me a sonree of constant' terror and
annoyance to the inhabitants. Separating into small pred-
atory bands, and always mounted, they overrun the coun-
try, devastating faun?1, destroying ciops, driving off whole
herds of caltle, and occasionally murdering the inhabitants
or carrying them into captivity. The great roads leading
into the country are infected with them, whereby traveling
isrendeied extremely dangerous, and emigration isalmo&t j
entirely an<**ted. The Mexican frontier, which, by the
eleventh article of the tiea'vof Guadalupe Hidalgo, we are
bound to protect at'turnf the Indians within our holder, is
exposed to these mcuisions equally with our own. The
military foreo stationed in that country 'although forming a
large portion of the Army) is represented as entirely inade<
quate to our own protection and the fulfillment of our treaty
stipulations with Mexico. The principal deficiency is in
cavalry, and I recommend that Congress should, at as early
a period as practicable, provide for the raising of one or
more regiments of mounted men."
Mr. President, there can be no doubt if our pres-
ent regular force was required anterior to the vast
acquisitions of territory growing out of the Mexi-
can war—and no one has ever denied that it was—
the proposed augmentation of that force is called for
to protect and defend our frontier thus extended.
Of this I am perfectly certain; and, representing
as I do, in part, a frontier State, and feeling the
deepest solicitude for the welfare and lives of the
infant settlements! west of my State, I should feel
that I was derelict in duty if I failed warmly to
support these Executive recommendations. .
Besides the information which has reached us
from the heads of the Government, I have received
much from private sources, with some of which I
beg to trouble the Senate. A correspondent writes
me from Council Bluffs, Iowa, under date of the
2d instant, thus:
<c Numerous petitions are in circulation among the citizens
of the counties north of this, for the establishment of a fort
near the inouth of the Sioux river, and it is much needed £
a^uie you. The Siouxs own the land down to the mouth
of that river, and those Indians are continually on this side,
and on lands owned by the whites. They are becoming
very saucy#nd very troublesome. There isa umveisal ap-
prehension of serious dilficulty with them this winter or
the coming spring. TheYanctons pretend to claim this
side, down and to the Boyer river, and assert boldly their
intention of coming over on our side to plant corn on the
bottom next spring. They have made a business of pulling
up every stake, and destroying the mounds in the Govern-
ment suiveya; m fact Government must do something with
them soon."
Another, from Nebraska Territory, whose let-
ter bears date the 8th instant, says:
" Governor Camming had issued a proclamation recom-
mending the organization of two regiments of volunteers for
the protection of the bolder settlements in the Territories,
arid of emigrants crossing the plains to Utah and California.
Should the Government take any step* towards) further-
ing this object, we ask that the forces placed m requisition
be taken from this Territory. We think it would be the
befrt policy for Congress to pass a law authorizing the Pres-
ident to call into service one or more territorial regiments,
instead of sending on regular troops. Those who would
constitute the armed force in such case, are much belter
acquainted with the Indian country, and, as a consequence,
would be much more elective m pursuing and conquering
UiOftO hostile tribes.''
Another, from Iowa, under date of the 14th in-
stant, says:
" I have lately returned ftom California. I have been
three trips across the mountains and backsince 1850. Thero
are a large number desirous of going across this season, if
they could have any protection against Indian outrages.
The Pawnees and Sioux are the worst Indians on the
plains. The Sioux have never behaved so badly as they
did the last season. The officers, fiom the highest to the
lowest, give the Indians a paper, icquiring the emigrants to
give the Indians provisions. If they were to do this to all
the Indians who present them with papers, it would con-
sume all then provisions before they had gone over mote than
one third of their journey. The Indians claim this for our
traveling through their country ; but it is supposed, by emi-
grants, that they have been treated with for the right of way
by the Government. Iowa has a deep interest in this mat-
ter, and does as large a business m driving stock and Hading
to California as any State in the West; and I think nothing
short of western volunteers will do much with these In-
dians. There could be any number of volunteer raised in
Iowa, and ihe western part of Missouri, to attend to them.
There, could be one hundred volunteers raised in Van Buren
county, and ready to march m a week from the tune of the
call."
Governor Hempstead, in his annual message
to the Legislature of Iowa, in December last, says:
u It should bo lemembered that Iowa is a frontier State ;
portions of our northern and western boundaues are subject
to ihe incursions of Indians, who have but recently dis-
posed of their right to the soil, who return for the purpose
of hunting, and not unfrequently commit depredations upon
the white inhabitants before the United States troops, or
any etTective military force, can be obtained to repel them.
It is, tiicrefore, prudent and necessary that we should have
such a military organization as will enable us, in a ease of
emergency, to defend ourselves and protect our citizens.
u In July last, I received information from the counties
of Cerro Gordo, Floyd, Bremer, Chickasaw, Franklin, and
other?, that a large body of Indians, well armed and equipped;
had made demonstrations of hostilities, by fortifying them-
selves in \annus places, killing stock, and plundering
houses, and that many of the inhabitants had entirely for-
saken then homes, and left a large portion of their property
at the mercy of the enemy; praying that a military force
might be sent to protect them and their settlements. Upon
