1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
Indian wars, besides minor difficulties, one in 1827,
and the other in 1832. The senior Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Cass] was then Governor of the
Territory [Michigan] in which they originated,
and 1 appeal to him to say whether that war of
1827 was not commenced by the cold-blooded
murder of unoffending men,-women, and children,
by those Indians now so eulogized by the Senator
from Texas.
The Senator from Michigan will attest the truth
of what I say, when I assert that that war was
commenced by a party of Winnebagoes, headed
by their chiefs, "Red Bird" and "Sun," who
entered the peaceable domicile of a Frenchman,
in the suburbs of the town of Prairie du Chien,
and there began their work of death. Before they
approached his house, finding that the gun which
the chief carried was too long to be secreted under
his blanket, they deliberately had it cut off by a
blacksmith in order that it might be fired at their
intended victim without his knowing whence his
death shot came. After having partaken of his
hospitality, and while sitting at the table, " Red
Bird," with all the coolness of the assassin, with-
out seeming to look at him, fired straight to the
heart of the Frenchman, who fell dead at his own
table. Another white man, and all the French-
man's children, save one, were murdered. By a
miracle, as it were, his wife escaped, as did one
of their children, less than eighteen months old,
whose throat they supposed they had cut when
they scalped its head. A treaty was afterwards
negotiated with this tribe, and a Senator who sits
near me [Mr. Dodgr, of Wisconsin,] was instru-
mental in affecting a treaty stipulation, by which
some pecuniary provision was mudefor this child,
which, when brought into the presence of the as-
■ eembled chiefs and braves with its scalped head,
caused them to bow in humiliation and shame.
The same blood-thirsty party repaired to Prairie
la Crosse, and recruiting their numbers, resolved
to attack two keel boats, manned by white men,
whom they supposed would fall easy victims, as
they believed them to be without arms. But m
this they were mistaken. These boatmen had
discovered those feelings of hostility which the
Sioux's now manifested, and were fortunately fur-
nished with arms bjr the late Colonel Snellirig,
then in command ot Fort Anthony, on the St.
Peter's river. To this circumstance alone, did they
owe their lives ! These Indiuns commenced across
fire upon them as they were desc,ending a narrow
arm of tVie Mississippi, and some of the more
daring ones actually boarded the boats and were
killed upon their decks—they killing, however,
and wounding a considerable portion of our men.
This occurred in 18:27, and al'tci a series of cam-
paigns, and the loss of an entire season by the
settler3 in that section of thecountry, the Indians
were forced to treat and to give up the murderers.
But how was it in 18,'jl, and in IS:)!}, when what
is called the Black Hawk war occurred ? At that
time the brave and humane, but now departed, Ed-
mund Pendleton Gaines—them whom a better sol-
dier or a truer man, in every respect, never lived —
commanded the troops at Fort Armstrong, now
called Rock Island. These Indiana hud sold to the
United Suites all thecountry which they owned
in Illinois, as far back as 1808. But they returned
in 1831,in large numbers, and attempted to expel
the white settlers in sight of and almost under the
guns of the fort, destroying their crops and their
stock. They may be truly said to have invaded
a sovereign State, which had been admitted into
the Union in 1818. General Gaines expostulated
with them, and warned them of tlieir inevitable
destruction, if they persevered in their hostile in-
tentions. But Black Hawlt and his followers,
seeing there was not a sufficient force of regulars
to chastiscthem, continued to occupy theirdefiant
attitude until the Governor of Illinois, at the head
of some two thousand men, advanced to the aid of
General Gaines. At the approach of this force
they returned to their own land on the west side
of the Mississippi.
General Gaines, anxious to prevent the effusion
of blood, invited Black Hawk, and the otherchiefs
and braves of the Sac and Fox tribes, to meet him
in council. They did so. The General gave
those Indians some ten thousand bushels of corn,
and innumerable presents of various kinds, in con-
sideration of which, they stipulated not again to
return to the east side of the river, nor further to
molest the whites. That, mark you, was in 1831;
but, in tlis spring of 1832, Black Hawk, at the
head of his followers, reinvaded Illinois, at the
head of some six or eight hundred mounted men.
General Atkinson, then at the head of the United
States troops, called for a force of Illinois and
Michigan volunteers; but sought, by every means
in his power, to prevent the spilling of blood. It
was in furtherance of this wish of the General
that the agent of those Indians, the lamented St.
Vrain, a brother-in-law of my colleague, and the
father of a family of four or five children, went
in advance of the troops; he, speaking the lan-
guage of those Indians, appealed to them to desist
from their warlike purposes; he assured them of
the fate which awaited them; but his appeal only
resulted in the loss of his life, and the mutilation
of his body. Cannibal-like they ate his flesh and
drank his blood. But, sir, he fell at the post of
duty in the cause of humanity, and was a man,
who, if he had been in the place of our consul at
Cuba, when the brave, if misguided, Crittenden
and his compatriots met their bloody grave on
that island, would have thrown himself between
Concha's rifles, and those murdered patriots, and
told the cowardly Spaniards to lire upon his coun-
trymen through the body of the accredited rep-
resentative of the American Government. Was
this evidence of a friendly spirit?
Sir, I cannot but be astonished, nt this day,
when I think of the early Indian wars in Ken-
tucky, Tennessee, and other western States, to
hear it said that our frontier people are to bear the
blame of all our past Indian difficulties. You
might as well tell mo that the unoffending Captain
Gunnison and his peaceful paity sought to men-
ace and outrage the Indians, when, in a moment,
while at their morning's repast, they were precip-
itated into eternity by an unseen but savage foe.
Mr. President, are the Senators from Florida will-
ing to sit. here and allow it to be said that they and
their constituents, (pnrticulaily General Thomp-
son, once a member of the other Ilonse,) were the
cause of all the bloodshed in that Territory; that
they brought on this war by their bad faith towards
tlieSeminoIes. I know, sir, that the carping spirit
of Abolition has ehaiged that the Florida war was
a war for negro slavery and Indian oppression.
Mr. jVI ALl.OI!A\ Will my friend fruni Iowa,
at this point,, allow me to say a few words?
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Certainly.
Mr. RTALfiOI! Y. Mr. President, I listened
with no less surprise than did my friend from
Iowa, to the declaration of the honorable Senator
from Texas, which declaration in effect is, that in
the whole course of his experience, lie has never
known a treaty between ourselves .mil the Indians
to be violated by the Indians. That would be an
extraordinary declaration coming fiom any quar-
ter; but contiiig from the quarter whence it docs,
from one to whom we all naturally look for in-
formation on this subject, I confess I was sur-
prised. Certainly the Florida war, which has
just been alluded to by my friend from Iowa, is
within the recollection of the Senator from Texas.
Mr. I !OUSTON\ The gentleman must recol-
lect, that when that occurred, I had not been in
the United States for some seven years, and was
not conversant with the current events. I left the
United Slates in 1809, and, I believe, the Florida
war was in 18,'iti; so that I could have no knowl-
edge of the attending circumstances.
Mr. MALLORY. Well, sir, it'the honorable
Senator bases his declaration on the ground that
he, in the neighboring State of Texas, was igno-
rant of the facts on which the Florida war origin-
ated, it becomes moie incumbent on me, at the
present time, in connection with passing circum-
stances, to state the facts. Sixteen of the Seminole
tube, after they had thoroughly examined the
western country, to which it was proposed to re-
move them, signed a treaty with Colonel Gadsden
on the part of tiic United States, by which they un-
dertook to remove to the west, and part of them
did move, but a portion of the Indians refused to
do so on any terms. The Government of the
United States, in great kindness and charity to
this remnant of cut-throats, allowed them to re-
main there. Every peaceable effort was made to
induce them to go west; but finally, when the
United States told them they must go, the Indians
commenced the outbreak by putting to death, in
the most cruel and barbarous manner, the gentle-
man who has been alluded to, the Indian agent,
General Thompson; and from that day to the close
of the war, the aggression, in every instance, was
on the side of the Indians. You cannot lay your
finger on a spot of soil on the surface of the globe
which has been so disgraced by scenes of blood-
shed, and rapine, and murder, as the State of
Florida, by those Indians whom the Senator from
Texas so much eulogizes.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask the Senator a
question. I did not expect that he would state the
origin of the personal difficulty between Thomp-
son and the Indians, which cost him his life; but
as he has adverted to it, I wish to ask whether it
did not grow out of his conduct towards them?
Did not the violence grow out of his conduct as
their agent?
Mr. MALLORY. I have no doubt that the
conduct of Thompson, the Indian agent, towards
the Indians, might have been given as an excuse
by themselves; but the death of Thompson grew
out of their immediate determination to disavow
the treaty, set it at nought, and nullify the author-
ity of the United States. That was the first act
of the war. They commenced it by killing the
agent who had the immediate control over them,
and from that day to the close of the Florida war
the universal practice of the Seminole Indians was
to return every act of kindness of the Government,
by every possible aggression. They were never
known to spare age, sex, or condition. They
were never known to have an opportunity of
taking life inany shape, where they aid not gratify
it. Why, sir, the Senator must know that the
taste of blood is just as natural to the Indian as it
is to the tiger, lie would be false and recreant to
his instincts if he were not to obey it. Are we to
be told that such men as these do not violate
treaties, in the face of the fact that the hostilities
in Florida have cost the Government $15,000,000,
and the lives of some of the bravest and best men
in the country, and when the frontier settlements
were broken up by the Indians entering the farm
houses at the dead hour of night, and not even
leaving the stock upon the farm alive. Sir, there
never was a contest on the face of the earth which
was so much cliaiacteiized by everything cruel
and blood-thirsty, as disgraced the Indians in the
Seminole war.
Mr. UODGE, of Iowa. If it were becoming or
proper in me, 1 would admonish the Senator from
Texas to beware how he caters to that sickly
sentimentality which 1 fear he is exciting in regard
to this measure. It is a feeling which, if others
had not met it as becamo Americans and patriots,
his Stato would not now be a member of this Con-
fedei.icy. I beg, howevei, to call that Senator's
attention to a poition of the history of his own
gallant Republic; and I never think of it but as a
part of my common country of which I feel proud.
His glorious services in the field and in her revolu-
tion were ascribed by the exponents of that feel-
ing to which he has catered, with being actuated
by nothing more nor less than a design to revive
slavery within a State larger than the empire of
Napoleon in his most palmy days. The admin-
istration of his departed chief, of whose memory
I know he is tenacious, waa also iniquitously and
unjustly charged with having planned the revolu-
tion of Texas for the purpose of extending slavery.
Those accusations were just as untrue as those
which are made against the people of the north-
west, let them emanate from what source they
may.
Mr. President, this is an old hobby, if I may be
allowed the expression, with the Senator from
Texas. At the risk of being tedious, 1 beg leave
to read a short extract from a speech which I
made on a former occasion, upon the bill to which
I thought he referred in a spirit of great unkind-
ness and severity several times during his remarks
—the Nebraska and Kansas bill of last year. In
the course of debate on that bill, I said:
" Mr. President, the Senators from Massachusetts and
Texas. [Messrs. and Houston,] for whom I have
the mo>t piofound respect, m their speeches against this
bill, invoked all the sympathies that are naturally leltfor the
f.ue of that fa^t fading race, over whose unburied bones, in
the older portion* of our Republic, its people are daily walk-
it)?. I >iel<l to no  nan in a just and \ roper appreciation of
the rights of the aboriginal inhabitants ot thiscountry. But
tiio>e rights, I think, are amply guarded ; ifnot, r invoke the
ingenuity and experience of that Senator who is beat in-
fuintpd on this snhioct to protect them, and preserve invio«
Idle the faith of treaties.5'
Now, sir, let me address an argwmentum ad
homiaem to the Senator from Texas. The inter-
ests of the Indians have engaged the attemiorw of
