mm.
'THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
#7
I will suggest, however, that, if the proposition
be now postponed, there is no day Before next
"Wednesday when the bill could come up under
favorable circumstances. To-morrow is' objec-
tion day on the Private Calendar. Gentlemen
will desire the suspension of the rules on Monday
for the introduction of, and action on, various mat-
ters. Tuesday is set apart, by the special order
of the House, for the consideration Of the Texas
debt bill. If I were to attempt to press my mo-
tion against the interests which would rise in
opposition on either of the days to which I have
referred, the question would be taken under very
disadvantageous circumstances. X shall not agree,
on my own responsibility, to the postponement
asked for, because each member is equally in-
terested with myself. I make my motion, and, if
a majority be willing to the postponement, I shall
propose that the question be set for one o'clock
on Wednesday next, at which time we may have
a test vote.
[Cries of" Consent!"]
Mr. HAVEN. I should like to inquire of the
gentleman from Alabama what motion it is that
he proposes to make ? He stated to us the other
day that he would at this time move to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the motion which I
now propose to submit. I move, Mr. Speaker,
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, with a view of taking up
for consideration what is commonly known as the
tariff bill.
Mr. HAVEN. I would inquire, inasmuch as
the gentleman's motion indicates the kind of busi-
ness to be done, whether it demands a majority,
or a two-third vote?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Some gentlemen
seem to think that the proposition of the gentle-
man from Alabama has the effect of a special
order. Not at all. He moves that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and asks members to make
the vote on that motion a test as to whether they
intend or not to do anything with the tariff, it
requires two thirds to make a special order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it
would be incompetent for the House, except by
unanimous consent, to make a special order atthis
time.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from Alabama
expects that the majority which agrees to his
motion to go into the'Committee of the Whole on
the state of Union, will, when the House gets into
committee, take up, consider, and acton this tariff
proposition.
Mr. HOUSTON. I explained, the other day,
in a few words, what I proposed doing, and what
the objects were which I had in view. 1 am aware
that it is not strictly in order to move to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for the purpose of taking up a particular
bill; but I felt it due to the gentlemen on all sides
of the Hall to state the purpose which 1 desired to
accomplish. I ask that the vote on the motion to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union be a test of the sense of the body on
this measure. If the motion be voted down, I
shall then propose to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union for the purpose
of takine up some of the appropriation bills.
Mr. HAVEN. I understand, and I presume
the House does also, the effect of the vote to be
taken. If he will permit me, I will ask the gen-
tleman another question. lie has the matter in
charge, and I would like to know, to some extent,
what it is we shall be called to vote on when we
get into committee? Does the gentleman stand
by the bill which was reported by the committee,
or does he intend, when we get into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, to aban-
don that, and go for some other measure ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I stated to the House yes-
terday what my purpose was, as far as I can state
it; and I now repeat, that I desire that the House
will consider the vote upon going into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union as
a test vote upon the bill to reduce the present tariff.
Mr. HAVEN. And if the House agree to go
into committee, does the gentleman^ propose to
press his substitute for the bill originally intro-
duced ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAVEN. Very well. I think we now
understand the question.
Mr. HENN. I hope the gentleman from Ala-
bama will withdraw that motion for to-day, and
allow us to go on with the business of the morn-
ing hour. This is the first opportunity we have
had to transact business in the morning hour for
some days, and it will be the last opportunity we
shall have for some time to come. 1 hope, there-
fore, the gentleman will withdraw his motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. If 'he does not, I shall be compelled
to vote against it; for however anxious I may be
to secure the passage of the bill the gentleman
now proposes to bring up, I am just now more
anxious to proceed with the business of the morn-
ing hour.
Many Members. Do not withdraw the motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not withdraw it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I demand the yeas
and nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to state to the House
that my motion is now in their hands. I have
indicated my preference, a postponement until
W ednesday next; but if the House prefer to decide
it now, it is in their hands.
[Cries of " Go on!" " Too late to withdraw !"]
Mr. HOUSTON. Have I the right to ask the
House to postpone this vote until Wednesday
next ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to withdraw his motion to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. Can I accomplish my pur-
pose in no other way ?
The SPEAKER. In no other way, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. HAVEN. I am desirous that this vote
should be well understood. It would, perhaps, be
well for all sides if the gentleman from Alabama
would indicate to the House whether he regards
this as a test vote, to the extent that, if it fail, he
will not call it up again upon another day,
Mr. HENN. I desire to ask the Speaker one
question. The gentleman from Alabama speaks
of this as a test vote. Now, I desire to know if
it can be made binding upon all of us ?
Mr. HOUSTON. No, of course not; unless
you are disposed to consider it as such.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Alabama cannot, ot course, make it a test
vote to be binding upon the members of the
House; but the friends of the bill can agree that,
if the motion is voted down, they will not call it
up again, and allow the responsibility of defeating
the measure to rest upon its friends who now re-
fuse to vote for it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say a single word.
[Cries of " Order!" " Order !"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind gen-
tlemen that the motion to go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union is not debat-
able, and the cries on all sides of " Order," "Or-
der," remind him that he must arrest all further
discussion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I regret exceedingly that
there is any such feeling upon either side of the
House as 
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question of
order. I want to know if this proposition is debat-
able ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not going to debate it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then 1 call for the vote.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was not going to debate
my proposition. 1 merely rose for the purpose of
saying that I would now withdraw the motion to
go into the Committee oftne Whole on thestate of
the Union, and that I give notice that, on Wednes-
day next, I will make the motion, and then insist
upon a test vote being taken upon this question.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 object to the withdrawal.
The SPEAKER. Thegentlemaniias the right
to withdraw it.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR SYSTEM.
Mr. COBB. I now demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the bill to reform the
diplomatic and consular system of the United
States, upon which the gentleman from Louisiana
[Mr. Perkins] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HENN. The gentleman from Louisiana;
if I mistake not, is entitled to about fifteen minutes
before his hour will expire. If he will yield to me
for that purpose, I will move the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
BELDEN AMD COMPANY.
Mr. HUNT. I think the Chair is mistaken as
to the first business in order. There is still a mo-
tion to reconsider pending upon the Belden case.
The SPEAKER. When the Chair announced
the regular order of business, he had forgotten,
for the moment, that a motion to reconsider had
been made upon the Belden case. The Chair de-
cides that that motion will take precedence of the
consideration of the other bill.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand the previous
question upon the motion to reconsider.
NAVY-YARD AT MEMPHIS.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to enable me to
report a bill, that the order to print may be made,
and that the bill may be recommitted to the com-
mittee. It is a bill for the reestablishment of the
Memphis navy-yard.
The bill was then introduced, read twice by ita
title, and recommitted to the select committee upon
the Memphis navy-yard.
BELDEN AND COMPANY—AGAIN.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be now put, being upon
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
House rejected the bill for the relief of Samuel A.
Belden & Co.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suggest that, as
the friends of this bill did not expect it would
come up for consideration to-day, it be passed
over informally.
[Cries of " No!" " No !" and " Object."]
Mr. EDGERTON. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. SMITH. Has not the House already
decided that question ? I submit that the motion
is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct, in
tha recollection of the Chair.
Mr. EDGERTON. I made the motion to
reconsider originally, and myself moved to lay
the motion upon the table. The House refused
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
I then withdrew the motion to reconsider, and it
has since been renewed by another member.
The SPEAKER. Then this is another motion
to reconsider, and the motion to lay on the table
is in order.
Mr. EDGERTON. Upon that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 66, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Ashe,
Barksdalc, Barry, Bocock, Bridges, Brooks, Oa6kie,Chas-
tain, Cobb, Craige, John G. Davis, Eddy, Edgerton, Ellison,
Flagler, Giddinga, Hamilton, Sampson W. Harris, Wiiey
I>. Harris, Hastings, Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard^
Ilillyer, Houston, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W.
Jones, Kidwcll, Kittredgc, Kurtz, Lamb, Letcher, Lewis,
Lilly, Lindslpy, Macdonald, McMullin, McQueen, Smith
Miller, Millson, Morgan, Murray, Nichols, Mordeeai Oli-
ver, Orr, Packer, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Phelps,
ltc-dy, Ruffin, Seward, Shaw, Singleton, Skelton, Samuel
A. Smith, George W. Smvth, Andrew Stuart, John J.Tay-
lor, Tiaey, Vansant, and Zollicoffer—-66.
NAYS—Messrs. Appleton, David J. Bailey,Thomas H.
Bayly, Ball,Banks, Bennett, Benson, Benton, Bugg,Camp-
bell, Carpenter, Chamberlain, Chandler, Chase, Clark,
Clingman, Cook, Corwin, Culloro, Curtis, Thomas Davis,
Dick, Dunbar, Edmundson, Thomas if. Eliot, Etheridge,
Everharl, Farley, Fenton, Florence, Franklin, Goodwin,
Grey, Hiester, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Keitt, Kerr,
Knox, McCulloch, McDougall, McNair, Matteson, Mayail,
Moacham, Middleswarlh, Noble, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Parker, Peek, Peckham, Pennington, Phillips, Pratt, Pres-
ton, Prinze, Puryear, Reese, Robbing, Sa'oins, Sapp, Sim-
mons, William Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, flestor L. Stevens, John L. Taylor, 'NathaniPl G.
Taylor, Teller, Thurston, Upham, Walter, Walley, War-
ren, Elliliu ii. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, John
Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, Hendriek B.
Wright, and Yates—85.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid upon
the table.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. CRAIGE. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 89, nays 00; as follows:
