510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading* read a third time, and passed.
F A YETTEVILLE. ARSENAL.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, reported to
the Senate a few days ago, a joint resolution
"authorizing the Secretary of War to sell a
portion of the site of the arsenal, at Fayetteville,
North Carolina, and to purchase other land with
the proceeds of said sale." I ask the Senate now
to take up and dispose of that joint resolution. I
think a half minute's statement will satisfy the
Senate that it ought to pass immediately. Its
object is to enable the Secretary of "Vjfyjr to sell a
portion of the site of the arsenal, which is not
needed by the Government, and to apply the
money to the purchase of a small portion of land
adjoining tj\e site of the arsenal, which is highly
important Tor various reasons set forth in the
Executive communication, which 1 submitted
with the joint resolution when I introduced it.
Mr. CLAYTON. I hope my friend from
North Carolina will not press that matter at this
moment.
Mr. BADGER. I certainly shall.
Mr. CLAYTON". I yesterday gave notice to
the Senate that I should, to-day, call up the French
spoliation bill for action; but 1 have given way fo
several gentlemen who have wished to bring for-
ward subjects before the Senate in the same way
that my friend from North Carolina desires to
Eress his bill. If I yield to him now, others will
e brought forward, and I shall have no oppor-
tunity of getting a vote of the Senate upon the
measure of great importance to which I have
alluded. I hope, therefore, we shall now be per-
mitted to take up and dispose of the French spo-
liation bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. It will not take a minute to
pass the joint resolution of the Senator from North
Carolina.
Mr. Badger's motion was agreed to, and the
Senate accordingly proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to consider the joint lesolution. Its
object is fully expressed in its title.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read a third time and passed.
CALIFORNIA LAND DISTRICTS.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands, to whom the subject
was referred, to report a bill " to create an addi-
tional land district in the State of California.''
As this district is so much needed there for the
convenience of settlers in the northern part of that
State, and the bill is a very short one, I ask that
it may now be put upon its passage, it will con-
sume no time.
There being no objection, the bill was read
twice, and considered by the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to form into a
new land district, to be called the Humboldt dis-
trict, so much of the public lands m the State of
California as lie within the counties of Humboldt,
Trinity, Klamath, and Siskiyou, for the sale of
the public lands in that district. The land office is
to be established at such place within the district
as the President may direct. He is to appoint,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
a register and receiver for the district, who are to
reside at the place where the land office may be
located, and to receive the same compensation as
other land officers in California. The bill further
proposes to authorize the President to cause the
lands within this district to be sold, with the
exception of those reserved by competent authority
for school, military, or other purposes, in the
same manner, and on the same terms and condi-
tions, as the other public lands of the United
States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
Mr. CLA YTON. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill to pro-
vide for the ascertainment and satisfaction of the
claims of American citizens for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the 31st of July,
1801, in pursuance of the notice I gave yesterday.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to the Senator from
Delaware that, if he will let us go on and finish the
Army bill to-day, there will be no objection to his
taking that up to-morrow, and if the Army bill is
not finished to-day, I shall not be in his way to-
morrow. I shall make no proposition then to
take it up if he will give us to-day to finish it.
Mr. CLAYTON. I haveto say in reply to my
friend from Virginia, that I have made the motion
in pursuance of a notice I gave yesterday. I
hope the French spoliation bill will be taken up to-
day and finally disposed of. It has been before
Congress for more than fifty years. If it is ever
to he acted upon, it should be acted on in time to
give the Executive full opportunity to examine it.
Now, I say to my friend from Virginia, if he will
suffer us to take up the bill, I will pledge myself,
so far as 1 am concerned, to stand by him in the
consideration of his Army bill from the time this
bill is disposed of until we have fully considered
that.
Mr. PETTIT. We do not want to debate the
French spoliation bill.
Mr. CLAYTON. I ask for a vote on it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. There is another great
measure before the Senate, which should be con-
sidered before we take up the bill alluded to by the
Senator from Delaware. 1 hope he will not press
it in advance of the bounty land bill. We took a
vote the other day as to whether we should pro-
ceed with the Army appropriation bill or th e bounty
land bill; and the Senate, by a majority of one,
gave the preference to the Army appropriation bill.
Under such circumstances, f object to any busi-
ness, except the Army appropriation bill, being
taken up prior to the bounty land bill. The meas-
ure which the Senator from Delaware proposes to
call up has already passed the House of Represent-
atives, and we know that it will pass the Senate.
The bounty land bill, of which he is also in favor,
has not passed the House of representatives. I
think we are prepared to vote on that, and if it
were not for the decision of the Senate the other
day in favor of proceeding with the Army appro-
priation bill, I should press it even in opposition
to that. We have had it before us for a month,
and can soon dispose of it; and I, therefore, object
to any other business, unless the Army appropri-
ation bill, having precedence over it.
Mr. WELLER. 1 do not wish to interfere
with any question between the Senior from Del-
aware and the Senator from Virginia; but to-mor-
row will be Friday, and I give notice that I shall
insist on the enforcement of the rule which re-
3uires that private bills shall be considered on that
ay. There are a large number of private bills
which are pending, which should be disposed of
at once. Many just claims should be passed upon
immediately.
Mr. BROWN called for the yeas and nays on
Mr Clayton's motion; and they were ordered.
Mr. MASON. This bill is to provide for pri-
vate claims, which are alleged to be due from this
Government, to a large amount. The bill which
it is proposed to supersede is a measure to pro-
tect the frontier from Indian depredations. It has
been debated, from day to day, for a longtime, and
it is now proposed, as I understand, to give pri-
vate claims the preference over it.
Mr. CLAYTON. The Senator says one has
been debated from day to day. The other has
been debated for fifty years. Which, then, is en-
titled to the preference?
Mr. BAYARD. I shall vote for the motion to
take up the French spoliation bill for this reason:
It passed the Senate at an early stage of the last
session without opposition or debate, because the
suhject had been so thoroughly discussed that it
was threadbare, as far as argument was con-
cerned. On this account, I presume, the bill can
occupy very little time now. The bill which the
House have sent to us is the same bill whieh we
passed, with unquestioned improvements in its
structure. I cannot conceive that, when gentle-
men allowed the bill to pass to the House of
Representatives without debate, and the same bill
comes back slightly amended, they intend now to
treat it as a new measure. As I suppose it can
be disposed of without much delay, I shall vote
m favor of taking it up.
Mr. RUSK. I am well satisfied that there is a
large majority of the Senate in favor of the pas-
sage of the bill which the Senator from Delaware
proposes to take up; and I have no idea that it is
the intention of any of those who oppose it, or
who feel themselves compelled to vote against it,
to attempt to defeat it by the consumption of time.
I shall vote against that bill, as I have done here-
tofore; but I feel confident that there is a majority
of the Senate in its favor, and I shall not attempt
to destroy it by consuming the time of the Senate.
The action of the Senate upon the bill whenever
we come to a vote, will be final, for I apprehend
there will be no amendments. I have not had
time to read the bill, but I presume the Senate
will not adopt any amendments to it.
Then, while this bill is in that condition, there is
another measure before us in a very different situa-
tion. If a final vote upon the measure to which
I now allude settled the question, it would be a
different thing, and I should not object to delaying
it. But it is difficult to tell when we shall get a
vote on the proposition which is pending as an
amendment to the Army appropriation bill. We
have had that measure discussed for days. How
much longer it will be discussed is uncertain.
After we settle it here, it has to go to the House
of Representatives, to be debated there. Sir, the
people'upon the frontier, and on the emigrant
routes, and the people in the State which I repre-
sent, are now suffering for the want of action by
Congress for their protection. The measure which
is designed to give it to them has yet to go through
the ordeal of both Houses of Congress. 1 there-
fore can see no necessity for laying it aside, when
it is the regular business before the Senate, for the
purpose of taking up a bill which nobody appre-
hends will fail, and a bill the vote on which, I
apprehend, will be final.
Mr. WELLER. I am in favor of the bill
which the Senator from Delaware new proposes
to take up, but I shall be compelled tc vote against
taking it up at this time. The President of the
United States has informed us that there is an
immediate, a pressing necessity for the organiza-
tion of additional troops, in order to quell the
disturbances amongst the Indians on our frontier.
Now, every one knows that, in whatever form that
measure may finally pass, it undoubtedly will
require the consumption of a good deal of time
before those troops can be organized so as to make
them effective. Therefore, I am anxious to have it
disposed of in the'shortest possible time, in order
that these troops may be raised and placed on the
frontier as soon as possible, so as to give protection
to the emigrants passing over the land route to the
Pacific. I shall, for the reason I have thus as-
signed, be compelled to vote against the motion
of the Senator from Delaware.
The question was taken by yeas and nays; and
resulted—yeas 26, nays 29, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Badger, Bayard. Bell, Brainerd,
Clayton, Dawson, Dixon, Fes enden, Pish, Foot, Gcyer,
Gillette, Houston, James, Morton, Pearce, Pettu, Pratt,
Rockwell, Seward, Shields^ Sumner, Thompson of Ken-
tucky, Thomson of New Jersey, and Wade—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bright, Brodhcad,
Brown, Butler, Cass, Clay, Dorise of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas, Evans, Fuzpatrick, Gwin, Hunter, John-
son, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mailory, Mason,
Reid, Rusk, Sebastian Shdeli, Stuart, Toucey. VVelier,
Wells, and Wright—2D.
So the motion of Mr. Clayton was not agreed,
to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill of the House
of Representatives, making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1856. An amendment was offered by
Mr. Shields, on behalf of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to authorize the President to call
for, and accept, the services of four regiments of
mounted volunteers, for the purpose of maintain-
ing peace on the Indian frontiers of the United
States, chastising Indians who might commit out-
rages, and protecting the routes of emigration to
California and Oregon. Mr. Hunter, as a sub-
stitute for this ameudment, submitted a proposi-
tion to increase the regular Army by the addition
of two regiments of cavalry, and to authorize the
President to accept the services of five hundred
mounted volunteers as rangers, guides, and scouts.
Mr. Shields moved to amend this amendment, so
as to provide for an addition to the regular Army
of two regiments of cavalry, and two of infantry.
The pending question is on this amendment to
Mr. Hunter's substitute for the original amend-
ment.
Mr. SHIELDS. Before the honorable Senator
from Michigan, who is entitled to the floor, pro-
