THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1855.
New Series....No. 33.
circumstances of corroboration. But I never
could suffer myself to believe that a renowned
British officer would stimulate his troops to exer-
tion by such an incentive. I have more than once
conversed with General Jackson on the subject.
He had doubts, but they resulted from the very
enormity of the charge, for he was possessed of
circumstances which led him to fear that some
such measure was resorted to. If the charge is
true, vainly may we seek in Indian warfare for an
act of such shocking barbarity.
Mr. President, have we not adopted the prin-
ciple of revenge in our own code? What else
is retaliation in war, by which the innocent man
is executed for the guilty one, by which, if the
enemy commit deeds of barbarity, and you can-
not find the person by whom it is done, you seize
and hang the first enemy you fall in with? We
have done this. We have assumed this principle,
and necessarily, in our own wars. He who was
the most inflexible of all men in his principles of
justice, General Washington, was compelled to
carry into effect this very code. It is well known
that he selected Captain Argill, a British prisoner,
to suffer in retaliation for the monstrous conduct
of some of the British troops towards our coun-
trymen, and he would have executed that unfortu-
nate officer, and with the acquiescence of Congress,
had he not been turned from his purpose by higher
considerations. The almost frantic mother of the
victim, upon whom the lot to suffer had fallen,
hastened to Prance, and gaining access to the
Queen, interested her feelings, and persuaded her
to solicit the interposition of Louis XVI. with
General Washington, to procure the release of
the condemned captive. The King did so; and no
disposition was felt to refuse the request of a
monarch who had come to our aid in the time of
our trouble, and the request was granted; but the
record remains in proof that we, too, have been
actors in cruel deeds, though reluctantly, and re-
gretting while committing them.
It must be remembered, sir, that Indian chiefs
have merely a persuasive power, and the tribes
are actually ruled by the young men. Those
young men, I am sorry to say, too often drive
their people to those deeds of blood and revenge,
of which we have had cause to complain. I have,
however, found, in my own experience, that the
Indians are a race of people with whom, if you
gain their confidence and treat them kindly, you
may well and profitably reason.
The Senator from Iowa yesterday alluded to an
incident which puts this in a striking point of j
view. He alluded to the conduct of the Winne- j
bagoes in 1827. I was at Prairie du Chien at that
time. I heard that difficulties were impending. I;
got into a birch canoe, ascended the Fox river, and j
descended the Wisconsin, with a view to raise
the country, and to put the frontier in a better state i
of defense, and then to go down to St. Louis, in !
order to have a communication Wiih the general ,
commanding the troops of that military depart- j
ment, so that assistance might be immediately sent j
to the exposed districts. A short distance below :
the portage, on the Wisconsin, I met a boat be- i
longing to the American Fur Company, on board
of which were two gentlemen well known to me, |
as well as to my friend from Iowa, [Mr. Jones,]— ;
Mr. Crooks, a highly honorable citizen, and Mr. :
Dousman, who, f think, is now living, perhaps ;
at Prairie du Chien, one of the most excellent
men I have ever been acquainted with. They
gave me the first information of the massacre at
Prairie du Chien, to which my friend from iowa 1
[Mr. Dodge) referred yesterday. They were in \
some trouble, and yet not so much as one might j
suppose; for, in fact, it is rare that the Indians
attack their traders. They told me, that some j
distance below, perhaps sixty or eighty miles, the j
Indians wereencamped on the bank oftheriver,and ;
hat it would not be safe for me to go down. I >
had, however, undertaken the enterprise, and no :
personal considerations could induce me to sban- j
aon it. When I approached the Indian position, j
1 found them encamped on a high open prairie ex- j
tending some miles into the country, 1 ordered my il
as
canoe to the shore, landed with my interpreter,
and told the voyageurs to put back into the
river and await the result. 1 ascended the high
bank, and the first thing which struck me was the
flight of the women and children who were has-
tening from the encampment across the prairie.
It was a bad sign; I saw immediately that there
was trouble. I walked up to where the chiefs were
assembled and began to talk with them. For-
tunately, I had a very excellent interpreter. He
did not lose one word of what 1 said, but told it
all as I said it. My success was, in some degree,
doubtless, owing to that circumstance. When we
had talked for some time, the Indians became
more familiar. We sat down and smoked the
pipe of peace, and discussed the whole matter.
After four or five hours conversation, in which
I went over the whole difficulty, and explained
the inevitable consequences ot a war with the
United States, and assured the Winnebagoes that
there was every disposition on the part of the
Government to do them justice; and that, if they
had been injured by individuals on the frontiers,
those injuries would be redressed, and the guilty
persons punished. After all this, they underwent
an evident change in their feelings, and appeared
much better satisfied. They knew me,and knew
that I could speak authoritatively to them. 1 per-
ceived the effect of this circumstance during the
whole interview. After this conversation, they
told me they would not go on with their enter-
prise. 1 left them, and continued my journey.
While with them, though, they were m a state of
high excitement, yet ttiey used no violence to-
wards me, or rather none that I 6aw. A foolish
young man, indeed, presented his gunat me while
my back was towards him, perhaps more to show
his feelings than to do worse, but the chiefs im-
mediately checked him. I do not believe there was
any real danger, for 1 knew many of them per-
sonally, and had treated them kindly, and kind-
ness is never thrown away upon an Indian. By
conciliatory conduct they may often be turned
from an almost desperate undertaking. And this
conviction will induce me to vote for the proposi-
tion of my honorable friend from Illinois; which
I consider equally wise and humane, to attach to
the expedition, or rather to precede the troops by
a commission holding offers of peace, and, I
might almost say, begging the Indians to turn
themselves from war.
Mr. President, after all, the greatest injury we
have ever done the Indians, has been in giving
them what they call •' fire water"—whisky. It
makes them incarnate devils; I cannot call them
by any other name. It has a most extraordinary
operation upon them. 1 neversaw an Indian who
was not affected by it in precisely the same man-
ner. Some white men laugh when intoxicated,
some cry, some sing, some do one thing, some
another; but every Indian goes on in the same
way. It seems a national idiosyncracy. The
devil in the heart of the drunkard is let loose, and
he is ready to do any deed of horror. When
they aredrurik, they will kill each other, and there
would be awful scenes of murder among them if
it were not for the fact, that at every such frantic
orgie, the first business of the squaws is to re-
move all the knives and implements of war. The
men are impartiul in the gratification of their pas-
sions. Blood they must have; and if they cannot i
get the blood of one man, they will have that of j
another. The son kills the father, and the brother J
the brother. j
The Senate may judge of the effect of this ter- |
rible habit, when 1 relate a fact which came under i
my own observation. At the treaty of Chicago, !
perhaps in 1821, there was an elderly Pottawata-
nne chief who was at the head of his ration,
really a respectable man, named Top-ni-bee, high '
in the confidenceof the Indians, and approaching
almost his hundredth year, but still in the pos-
session of his mental faculties, and physically well
preserved. 1 was urging upon them not to drink
whisky. I told them we might, if we chose, give
them whisky and thus get them drunk, and cheat
them out of their lands; but that was not what we
intended to do. I said we want you to keep sober,
and to make the best bargain you can for your-
selves, your women, and your children. Top-ni-
bee answered me, and he spoke for and before
his whole tribe: "We do not care for the land,
nor the money, nor the goods; what we want is
whisky;give us whisky!"
You may take this as a type of the Indian feel-
ing on that subject. I say, then, that the first
duty of every honest commissioner who is sent
to the Indians with a view to make any just ar-
rangement with them, is, as the Indians say, to
drive the bung into the barrel and not let thera
have one drop of whisky. If it is brought into
their neighborhood, 1 know no power which can
prevent their getting it. The cupidity of one
party, and the raving appetite of the other are sur«
to overcome all intervening obstacles.
Mr. President, in the course of this debate,
much speculation has been indulged as to the force
of the Indians. My own impression is, that the
Indian force has always been overrated. In the
two principal battles with the Indians in the north-
west—those of St. Clair and of Wayne—one
remarkable for its disaster, and the other fof its
success, we now know that the Indian force was
comparatively small. The highest estimate did
not bring the Indians against St. Clair to more
than one thousand, nor those against General
Wayne to more than one thousand five hundred.
My own impression is, that they did not equal
one half the estimated number in either case. So
at Tippecanoe. I had repeated conversations with
the Shawnee Prophet, when he had no motive in
the world to deceive me. He was there; he had
the direction of the battle in fact, though he was
playing the sacred part during the progress. He
was standing apart, employed in his incantations
to call down the favor of the Great Manitou upon
his countrymen. My conclusion, based upon
information derived from him is, that the same
exaggeration has prevailed with respect to that
conflict, which has prevailed in so many others.
Now, sir, it is said that there are thirty-five
thousand Indian warriors, or more, west of the
Mississippi. 1 confess my incredulity upon this
point. 1 cannot believe there is any such number;
but even if there are, that circumstance furnishes
no measure for the force it is necessary to employ.
It is idle to suppose that one half, or one quarter
of them, or one tenth, indeed, can, under any cir-
cumstances be brought to operate together. How
is that to be done ? How are they to be fed ? In-
dian warriors must eat as well as white soldiers.
The former have no magazines, no depots; they
are timid and cautious wuh respect to their women
and children; these must be secured and provided
for, and how is that to be effected The warriors
will not go off, and leave their families to the
chances of want, or to the danger of enemies, and
wander from their own country. The most pow-
erful motives only will induce them to go any con-
siderable distance under such circumstances. I
ask, then, how could an army of Indians b*
brought together, and kept together, and fed ? It
cannot be done. With the aid of a civilized ally
the effort to assemble them in masses might some-
times be successful. But the day of any efficient
alliance between the Christian and the savage to
work injury to us has gone by, and forever.
By-the-by, Mr. President, I may remark that I
have always had the same difficulty with respect
to the strength of ancient armies, swelled, as it
often has been by report, to a most prodigious
magnitude. According to the early historians,
the armed hordes that were led into Greece by
Xerxes and Darius were counted by millions, and
the obstacles in the way of subsistence and trans-
portation, as necessary to be guarded against then
as now, have scarcely been deemed worthy of
attention by writers. For aught that appears, the
Persian forces moved without difficulty through
regions in contact with those where the armies of
four great Empires are now encamped, and find
themselves in a state of destitution which, even to
the far-distant reader, causes profound regret. It
is one of the greatest problems of modern science
