514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
to fee<T a numerous array, and especially one
which is operating in a remote country. Practi-
cally to solve this problem in the early ages pre-
supposes a much higher state of civilization, and
much more power of productiveness than we
have any reason to believe existed at that period.
I think the spirit of exaggeration was as active
then as it is now. 1 have no faith in these loose
conjectures, for they are no belter, owing their
origin, perhaps, to fear, but taken up and repeated
by Greek patriotism, which honored its country
the more a& oer victories were rao-e signal. A
remark of Dr. Johnson may help us out of our
difficulty. To count, said the sturdy moralist, is
.a modern practice. Formerly they guessed; and
when people guess, they always magnify.
Again, sir, the condition of the Indians is not
understood in some other respects. They are
not desperate men under ordinary circumstances.
The point of honor with them is not merely to
kilt their enemy, but to kill him without loss. A
chief who should return after losing many of his
warriors, however brave hi*? conduct, would be
held in little estimation, and the young men would
never volunteer under him again for another ex-
pedition. Their habits are opposed to combined
operations. They act almost individually. How
are they to resist on enemy in large masses? They
have no strategetical power; they have no real obe-
dience; they have none of that discipline which
teaches every man that every other man is sup-
porting him during the progress of a fight. They
go and come as they please. They cannot possi-
bly stand before a strong civilized force. They
make a desperate onset, generally in the night, *ir
under other favorable circumstances, as they did
upon Harmar and upon St. Clair, and if success-
ful, their revenge is terrible; but if met and re-
pulsed, they are conquered. Their chiefs fight
like common warriors; instead of overseeing and
directing the operations, just as the chiefs of the
Greek and Trojan Indians did upon the banks of
the Hellespont, during the ten years that would
have been better spent in hunting than in attack-
ing and defending a beleaguered town, if there was
such a thing there. What motive was powerful
enough to keep the assailants there, and how they
were fed, and clothed, and paid, passes the powers
of my understanding to comprehend. So I have
come to the conclusion not to believe a word of
the story. And that conclusion is rather strength-
ened than diminished by a personal inspection of
the country, and by the impossibility of reconcil-
ing its features with the operations so magnifi-
cently recited by Homer. The Indian mound,
as we should call it, is, indeed, in full sight, near
the banks of the Dardanelles. It looks just like
one of our mounds, and was probably constructed
by people about as civilized as our piimitive race.
I allude to many of the characteristic Indian
trails to show that there is no state of circumstances
which can embody a very huge Indian force to
meet un American force. My opinion is, that
five hundred men, well mounted, well armed, well
provided, and well led, commanded, for instance,
by such a man as my respected and excellent
friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Dodge,] who has
spent a life of gallantry and honor on the frontier,
would march unscathed from the Mississippi river
to the base of the Rocky mountains. The Indians
raise almost no agricultural products. They have
hardly as much forecast os the animals around
them, their co-tenants of the forest, whom God
has given them for their support. Experience
does notteach them wisdom, nor want to be pro-
vident, nor wretchedness to be industrious. In
a season of abundance they never provide for a
season of scarcity. They will not, or they cannot,
work, but they can die; and they often die under
circumstances of fortitude rivaling the most re-
nowned stoicism of antiquity. They are fre-
quently driven to eat their seed corn, and the
spring finds them without the means of planting
even the small patches they have partially re-
deemed from the forest. In the lakes of the north-
west, Providence has provided for them an abund-
ant supply of the most nutritious food in the wild
rice; a highly valuableplant, which sows itself and
offers its harvest to the Indians. Towards au-
tumn, when the grain is ripe, the squaws penetrate
the water where it grows, and bending the heads
over their canoes, shake into them a small portion
of the grain. All the residue which is not eaten
by the birds falls into the water. But the quan-
tity which is thus gathered is very insignificant,
and supplies them with food but for a short time.
After it is exhausted, they must return to the pre-
carious means thrown in their way. Arid when
these fail, as they do every winter in the noithwest,
they perish.
Formerly the buffalo inhabited the region as
far south and east as the Ohio and the lakes.
Charlevoix says they were found in countless
numbers in the peninsula of Michigan, about the
time he traveled in the country, and they have
been seen in the State of Ohio during my day.
But they have fled before the white man, till they
exist only in the far West, and must, ere long,
disappear. They furnish a harvest to the Indian,
who follows them, in their annual migrations,
from the south to north, and then from the north
to the south. And I may be permitted to lemaik,
sir, that these annual migrations of animals Irom |
one region to another, mpelled by some instinct- i
ive motive, are among the most splendid displays j
of Almighty wisdom, bountiful dispensations of
Providence to man. Even the Bosjesman, in
southern Africa, subsists upon the migratory
locusts, as our western Indians subsist upon the
migratory buffalo. And the same great law of
movement is impressed upon the fishes, who roam
through the tiackless ocean, without maik or
guide, with unerring sagacity, and follow the
same loute in their wanderings through all their
generations. These immense streams of animal
life furnish supplies to mett the wants of man,
and their instincts are made to work for his ad-
vantage. The spectacle presented upon the plains
by the buffalo, in the season of their travels, is
too impressive ever to be forgotten by him who
has seen it. It is a sight I have enjoyed, though
certainly in a far inferior degree to what is some-
times exhibited fuither we&t than 1 have been.
it is obvious, sir, that we always have been,
and shall yet be, exposed to the piedatory incur-
sions of the Indians, and that our measures should
be adopted with a view to the nature of this kind
of warfare. But I have no fear of an Indian coali-
tion. There have been two men in Indian history,
who, no doubt, foresaw the necessary progress
of things, and the extermination of their race at
no distant day, unless the encroachment upon
their country could be checked. These temaika-
ble men weio Poruiac, who lived about a century
ago, and Tecumseh, who lived m our own day.
Both of them acted upon the same principle.
Each sought to associate his lace wuh the power
which was able to do it the leabt injury. Pontiac,
wuh this view, joined the French against the
British, and Tecumseh joined the British against
the Americans. It was their plan to unite all the
Indians into unreal Confedeiacy,and not only to
stop, but to roll back the tide ot encroachment.
But they failed and perished; the one lost las life
in some unworthy personal quarrel upon the
Illinois river, and the other lell while fighting
bravely at the battle of the Thames. They have
left none behind them to carry out their scheme,
or to emulate their conduct.
I have no doubt, sir, there is just causeof alarm
on our distant, exposed frontier. 1 think the
statements before us are conclusive as to that. It
is a state of things which has been more or less
common to us for many years. Thealarm, indeed,
is often unfounded, and brought on by the causes
| stated by the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.]
. It is sometimes difficult to judge what is the proper
I course to take; for, if the demands for force were
! always yielded to upon every lumored difficulty,
j we should require amuch larger army than any man
j has e\er seriously proposed. When the danger
is ascertained to be real, the practical question is
one which deals with the character and amount of
the force. In this case, there seems to have been
an entire coincidence of opinion between the Presi-
dent, the Secretary of War, and the Committee
on Military Affairs, both as to the reality of the
danger and the necessity of providing additional
troops. I concur in much that has been said upon
this subject by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Hunter,] and feel by no means confident but that
the force proposed by him is adequate to the emer-
gency. But those upon whom the responsibility
falls think otherwise, and I am not disposed to
withhold from them the means they demand. If
1 err, 1 would prefer to err on the safe siue, by
giving too much rather than too little, to protect
our countrymen from the massacres by the Indians.
Those authorities have better means of informa-
tion, though they have communicated enough to
satisfy me that congressional action is indis-
pensable. 1 have much confidence, also, in the
gentleman at the head of the War Department.
He carried to its administration eminent qualifica-
tions, high honor, great intelligence, the benefits
of a military education, and much military expe-
rience, acquired in peace and gallantly employed
in war. He had been a statesman well known
through the Union. He has occupied a seat
among us, and I need not say with signal distinc-
tion and usefulness. The opinion of such a man
ought to have weight, and it has weight with me.
I do not understand that my friend from Texas,
[Mr. Houston,] whom I heard with pleasure
yesterday, objects to the employment of force. !
did not understand him to say there is no danger.
I think he looked on the subject practically, and
with the conviction that we arealways somewhat
exposed, and should be prepared for emergencies
as they arise. The Senator from Texas has ae-
quired, by a long life of gallantry and usefulness
on the frontier, the right to speak almost authori-
tatively on this subject. My own opinion of his
claims to consideration is of little importance to
himself or to the Senate, but I can communicate
the opinion of one whose words will never be lost
upon the American people. During a critical
period of our affairs with the Indians west of the
Mississippi, General Jackson sought with anxiety
some person in whom he had confidence, and
whom he believed would conduct a difficult and
delicate mission with honor and ability. He fixed
upon the Senator from Texas, and he expressed
to me the highest regard for him. In much that
the Senator has said I agree; but he will excuse
me for saying he hus taken one extreme view of the
subject and the honorable Senator from Iowa the
other; the one contending that all the fault is with
the Indians, the other, perhaps, that they are not
in fault at all.
As to the quality of the force, I cheerfully accede
to the proposition of the Senator from Illinois.
Having been a volunteer myself, I entertain a
high regard for that description of troops. They
are brave, zealous, active, capable of great exer-
tion, and admirably qualified for a stirring cam-
paign. But of their habits of obedience, and of
their power to bear and forbear, I cannot speak as
favorably. 1 think the composition of the Army
better suits it for the work we want now to be
met; and I am sure that what is to be done, will be
done more economically and more satisfactorily
by the Army than by any other species of force.
As to the establishment of forts, it is all well
enough. But it is a plan of defense, upon an ex-
posed frontier, which 1 do not rate as highly as
others- here appear to do. These forts are un-
doubtedly necessary as places of deposit for mate-
rials, and for the encouragement of the inhabit-
ants, as well as for the residence of the officers
and soldiers, whence they can march in whatever
direction required. But after all, their influence
is rather a moral one upon the Indians. Why,
sir, it cannot be denied,(that individuals, or small
parties, may come within sight even of our forts
without the least danger, and may pass by them,
at a little distance, without observation. They
are not going to march up to the pickets for the
sake of being shot at, and I do not know what else
they should do it for, when they have war in their
hearts, and arms in their hands. We want a
movable, not a stationary force—one that can fol-
low our modern Scythians with some hope of
frightening them at least, if not of overtaking
them. We want moving parties, many of them
mounted, ranging upon the frontier, and especially
upon the great lines of communication. And
these the Army, if sufficiently augmented, can
supply.
1 have great confidence, sir, in the American
Army. I do not believe there is a military estab-
lishment on the face of the globe the members
composing which are more honorable, intelligent,
able, and patriotic than those at this moment com-
posing^the Army of the United States. For years
the officers had no opportunity to acquire that
distinction which can alone secure the public ap-
plause. A state of peace or inglorious Indian
conflicts offered no true theater for gallant deeds.
Many has been the time which has witnessed un-
generous imputations against them. It has been
so before, sir, and will be so again. After the
