1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
revolutionary struggle, I have heard it said that
the officers were considered as pillars in war and
caterpillars in peace. But in the fullness of time
came the harvest of renown, and gloriously was
it reaped. Our brilliant operations in Mexico shed
equal luster upon those who carried them on, and
upon the country for whom they were conducted.
The feats there performed are among our treas-
ures of true strength, which are equally useful to
the character and power of the Republic. It was
a war of emulation, where each sought to take
hold of the standard ofhis country, and to bear it
triumphantly into the midst of her enemies. And
thus was it borne till it reached the hostile capital,
and was planted in its midst.
Many profess to fear that a military force might
be dangerous to the liberties of the Republic. I
have no such apprehension. It is the last calam-
ity which, in my opinion, we have to fear. I do
not believe that any military chieftain will ever
enter this Hall, surrounded with soldiers, and
drive the Senators out, and then lock the door and
put the key in his pocket. I have no belief that
any such chieftain will ever enter the other House
of Congress, and after calling, as Cromwell did,
that mysterious symbol of legislation, whose
name is the mace, but whose duties I know not,
a bauble, take it from its place without regard to
its antiquity. No, sir; if that venerable relic is
ever thrust aside, it will be done by the peaceable
conviction that it is an idle plaything.
I repeat, 1 have no fear of generals. This coun-
try will never be conquered by its own military
force till it is fit for nothing else but to be con-
quered. So long as the American people are qual-
ified for the blessings of liberty, so long they will
enjoy them; and I repeat, the very lastdanger we
have to fear, is the danger of our liberties being
overwhelmed by an armed force composed of our
own countrymen. I have heard it said here, that
conquering generals would return at the head of
their armies and take possession of this Govern-
ment. Mr. President, it is well to read history,
but we should read history profitably, with an ap-
preciation of the circumstances of the world at the
time which that history embraces. You draw
false analogies from the condition of Greece and
Rome, and other countries, in the early periods of
the world, if you suppose everything that occurred
there is to occur here. Fundamental changes have
taken place. The light of information has spread;
the people have a knowledge of their rights and a
just estimate of their own power. And we have
the diffusion of education and the means of in-
formation through the press, which carries knowl-
edge to all parts of the world. And above all, we
have the Christian religion to guide us in the path
of duty here, and to offer us happiness hereafter.
And let me observe, sir, that in looking to the
conduct and condition of the Indians, let us recol-
lect that we might feel and actjust as they do, if we
had not the blessed Gospel of Jesus to enlighten
our understanding and to soften our hearts.
I want no unnecessary increase of our military
force. Not because I fear it, but because 1 do not
desire to see extended any of the institutions of
the country. There is a constant pressure of cir-
cumstances to do so, which requires the jealous
effort of Congress to counteract—embracing, not
the military organization alone, but reaching all
the divisions of our power.
It has occurred to me, arid I will merely suggest it
to my honorable friend, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, that it might be better
to provide that the force should he disbanded at
the end of five years, unless then renewed by
Congress. That has been done before. I think
$uch a provision would render the augmentation
m<fre acceptable, and more likely to be authorized
by Congress.
1 content myself, however, with making the
suggestion, without taking the matter out of the
hands of the chairman. I shall vote for his prop-
osition for four regiments, whether the period is
limited or not.
In conclusion, Mr. President, let me refer to
a short extract from the late annual report of the
Secretary of the interior. I must say that I agree
with every word I am about to read. It presents
the subject in a wise, just, liberal, and Christian
point ot view. The suggestions are creditable to
the head and heart of that able officer;
Perhaps the only course chat can ba pursued to reclaim
these tube*, and prevent their depredatious upon their in-
nocent, and, in many cases, defenseless, victims, is to make
liberal appropriations for their colonization and civiliza-
tion. Colonization was, many years ago, partially tested
in California, and the recent trial, it is Hoped, will prove
successful. There is every reason to believe the plan a
good one, if those intrusted with its execution have the
proper aptitude and qualifications. Few possess the qual-
ities necessary to the useful discharge of the duties of an
Indian agent, and fewer «till the properties required to carry
out skillfully and successfully such a system. If this last
hope fails, their extinction appears to be inevitable. Such
should not be the destiny of this unfortunate race, if it can
be averted by the power of tins Government. Some are
impressed with the idea that the only successful way of
treating them, and preserving the relations that should exist
between them and the Government, istochastise and pun-
ish them whenever they err; but, in my judgment, kind
treatment, in most cases, will subserve a far better and
more useful purpose, and eventually lead to more desirable
results. The whites who mingle with, or live contiguous
to them, are not always blameless. Often to their mischiev-
ous conduct may be traced the most brutal and distressing
depredations of these children of the forest. Kindness has
operated wonderfully on some tribes, and why should it
not succeed with others ? Colonization might be attempted
in the Territoucs of New Mexico, Utah, Oregon, Wash-
ington, and the country immediately east of the Rocky
mountains. The object should be two-fold, to domesticate
and isolate tlirni as much as practicable from the white
settlement*. Tlio art* of civilized bfe should be intro-
duced, and, if possible, a settled form of gov«rnmente.stab-
hshfMl among them. To effect this, large appropriations
would be requisite ; but how couid money be expended
more charitably or appropriately, than in this great cause
of humanity ?
It is much better to pay for those objects than
to pay for fighting the Indians.
Mr. HOUSTON. I havea word of explanation
tosay to the distinguished Senator from Michigan.
1 said I was m favor of raising as many troops as
the commissioners, properly selected, mi^ht deem
necessary for effecting the treaties, and that they
should go accompanied with the necessary pres-
ents for pacilicatin^lhe Indians. I suggested from
three hundred to five hundred troops as the ex-
treme number.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. Shields'* amendment to Mr. Hunter's,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 20; as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Allen, Hudger, Bell, Renjamin, Brown,
CaHJ. Clay, <M;tyton, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dong-
la-*, I'nh, Fiizpiurick, Foot, Ueyer, James, Jones of Iowa,
Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Mason, Morton, Pearce,
IN-tlit, lioid, Shields, Shdell, Thompson of Kentucky,
Thomson of New Jersey, WeMer,Wells, and Wright—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bram^rd, Brieht,
Rrodhead, llmler, tivatis, l-'t^sunden, Gillette, Gwm,
Houston, Hunter. Rockwell, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward,
Stuart, Sumner, Toucey, and Wade—20.
So it was agreed to.
Mr. GW1N. I intended to make some remarks
before the question was taken, to give the reasons
why I should vote for the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Virginia. I believe k gives as large a
force as we can get on this bill. I do not want
to have any collision between the two Houses
on the amendment, because it is so important that
we should raise a force immediately, and make
provision upon this bill for raising it. Theiewas
another reason why I was in favor of that amend-
ment, and the force raised by it. I am perfectly
! confident we can have no permanent peace with the
| Indians oil the great route to California without the
establishment of military posts; and I intend, so
soon as the territorial bills come up, which make
provision for military roads in the Territories of
the United States, to ask for a large increase upon
the appropriation, in order to accomplish this
object. I am confident that until we have military
roads and military posts, we can have no perma-
nent peace with the Indians, no matter how large
a force we may bring into the field. I am confi-
dent that if we can get that kind of legislation
this session—if we will raise the force provided
for by the amendment of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, and also get a large appropriation for mili-
tary roads across the Territories of the United
States, and the Executive exercises the power
conferred upon that branch of the Government
to establish military posts, in a very short time
we shall get clear of all difficulties with the Indian
tribes. 1 know that the time has arrived when
we must have safe conveyance across the conti-
nent to the Pacific, and we can only have it by
the military arm of this Government. Instead of
raising forces to fight the Indians, I think we had
better establish posts throughout the Indian coun-
try, to teach them that whenever depredations are
committed upon our citizens by them they will be
punished. In a very short time, we shall have
such settlements near those posts, and at the in-
termediate points between this and California as
to keep the emigrants clear of the depredations
heretofore committed.
I am anxious, Mr. President, to put this bill in
such a shape that it will meet with the approval
of the other House of Congress. The collisions
of committees of conference are very apt, some-
times, to destroy the most efficient measures. I
do not object to the increase of the military force,
but I do not think that, in the form in which the
Senate have now agreed to it, it will meet with
the approbation of the other House.
Mr. BROWN.' It is with extreme diffidence,
Mr. President; that I venture to express any
opinion in reference to a matter like this, ft has
already passed under the supervision of gentlemen
who are qualified, by education and by practice,
to give opinions in reference to it; and it is more
for the purpose of expressing my concurrence in
the opinions of others, than to express any con-
victions of my own, that I have taken the floor at
this time.
I know, very well, sir, that if we fail to act here,
and act efficiently, we assume a very high respon-
sibility, Last year the President, and the Secre-
tary of War, gave us fair warning that the mili-
tary establishment of the country was too small,
too feeble, to protect our frontiers. After a session
of ninemonths, we adjourned without having done
anything towards its increase. This year we are
told in the official papers from the President, and
the head of the War Department, in terms too dis-
tinct to be mistaken, that, in consequence of our
neglect to follow out their recommendation, valu-
able lives have been sacrificed upon the frontier,
emigrants to California and to the Territories
have been murdered in cold blood; our little mili-
tary force at Fort Laramie was utterly destroyed;
other disasters have overtaken us, and our arms
have been disgraced and literally rendered con-
temptible in the eyes of the Indians. I do not
pretend that I state the case precisely as it is stated
by the Executive; but this is the conclusion which
must impress itself upon your minds if you study
the documents. Now, sir, we have been asked
to do what ? Simply to increase the military estab-
lishment to the amount proposed by my friend
from Illinois, in the amendment which has just
been agreed to? No, sir; we have been asked to
increase the permanent military establishment of
the country; and we have been asked, in addition
to that, by the President and the Secretary of War
together, to raise three thousand volunteers to
meet the present exigencies. The question arises,
do we mean to do that? I understand now, sir,
that the volunteer proposition has been withdrawn
by the Committee on Military Affairs—withdrawn
because it seemed to receive no favor at the hands
of the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to correct
the Senator. The amendment offered by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs has not been withdrawn,
and it cannot be withdrawn except by the action
of the committee. We have had no meeting upon
it. It is the question which is now pending before
the Senate.
Mr. BROWN. Will my friend from Tennes-
see tell me, then, where the proposition to bring
into the service three thousand volunteers is?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will tell my friend
the condition of things just as we stand before
theSenate now. The Committee on Military Af-
| fairs, through their chairman, reported an amend-
| ment to raise three thousand volunteers. The
I Senator from Virginia offered his amendment in
| lieu of that amendment. The Senator from Illinois
I proposed to amend the amendment of the Senator
j from Virginia. That amendment of the Senator
from Illinois has been adopted, and the question
before the Senate now is as between the amend-
ment of the Senator from Virginia as amended,
and the original proposition of the committee to
raise three thousand volunteers.
Mr. BROWN, I do not so understand it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is the con-
dition of thinss.
Mr. BROWN. The printed amendment of the
Senator from Virginia, which is now before me,,
and which has just been amended by the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois, is headed:
44 Amendment proposed by Mr. Hunter to the
bill (H. R. 562) making appropriations for the
support of the Army fortheyear ending 30th June,
1856, by adding the following."
Mr. HUNTER. I understood that the amend-
