518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
It famished jobs to broken down politicians.
The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] will
recollect well, that many years ago, a gentleman
of the name of Schermeihorn, another of the
name of Ellsworth, and another of the name of
Stokes, were appointed to make treaties with all
the Indian tribes from Florida to the head waters
of the Missouri river; and every treaty they made
was an utter failure; and I doubt whether the
expense which they brought upon the Treasury
has ceased yet. Then, sir, that Committee on
Indian Affairs introduced a bill. That bill became
ft law. It is now the law of the land, and con-
fines the President of the United States in his
appointments for Indian commissioners to the
Indian service, and the Indian department.
There is a propriety in confining it to the In-
dian department. The Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, it is presumed, understands all our rela-
tions with all the tribes within the limits of the
United States; and the Indian agents acting under
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, it is also pre-
sumed, understand our relations with the different
Indian tribes, far better than the most talented
commissioner could who should be appointed,
with no experience in Indian affairs.
Then, Mr. President, if the Senator from Illi-
nois will accept the modification which I suggest,
confining the President of the United States, in the
appointment of the commissioners, to the Indian
department—he may select the Secretary of the
Interior, or the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, or
any of the superintendents or Indian agents—i
will vote for the amendment.
Mr. BADGER. Is there any need of that?
Does not the law already authorize the President
to do it?
Mr. ATCIHSON. The law already confines
the President, in his appointment, to the Indian
department.
Mr. BADGER. Then we do not want the
modification.
Mr. ATCHISON. Yes, we do, because this
provides that the President of the United States
may go outside of the department.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. ATCHISON. Very well; then 1 have
nothing more to aay. [Question.!
The PRESIDENT. There is no amendment
now pending before the Senate. The Senator
from Illinois haa -withdrawn the one which he
just offered.
Mr. BROWN. Then I propose the following
amendment:
it further enacted, That to meet any sudden emer-
gency, growing out of our relations with the Indian tribes,
il)c President is authorized to accept the services of any
number not exceeding three thousand volunteers, to be or-
ganized into companies, squadrons, and battalions, and to
eerve for a period of eighteen month*, unless eooncr dis-
charged ; the said volunteers to be armed and equipped,
and to serve on horse or on foot, as the Secretary of War,
with the concurrence of the President, may direct.
•And lc it further enacted, That the said'vofunteers shall
receive the same pay and emoluments in ail respects as
were paid to the same class of volunteers m the service of
the United States, in the war with Mexico.
lamnot^oing to make a speech, because I Know
the Senate is tired of that sort of work; but! want
to show, before the vote is taken upon the amend-
ment, by reading a very few extracts from the
President's message, and the communication of
the Secretary of War, how near the amendment
approaches to their recommendation. The Sec-
retary of War, in his letter dated January 15,
1855, says: J
** Should the proposed increase-fthat is the permanent
increase J—of the Army he authorized durinc the present
session, it is hoped Jhar the tivo additional re iment< of cav-
alry may be oiganized, mounted, and put in position to
relieve the volunteers sometime during the summer or fail: ,
and the two regiments of infantry recruited and organized
for service m the department of the Pacific, and on our
needede,,n°rthWeSteri3 1>ontier> where troops are greatly
if I understand, the amendment which we
hare adopted, on the motion of the Senator from
Illinois, meets that portion of the recommenda- 1
Hon. It will raise the two regiments of cavalry and I
two regiments of infantry. So far so good. What
are we told farther? After being admonished that
we have been called upon time and again to pro-
vide for this emergency, the Secretary snys:
tarrease °f the Army, which was urged in mv
Jl!r®ecem{'ef) 1853, been, at an early period, author-
JmmSv « 8t disposal of the Department would
nave been sufficient to prevent these combinations, [that
is, the combinations among the Indians,] and, in all proba-
bility, would have preserved the lives of many valuable
citizens from Indian massacre. This measure, however,
has not been acted on, and at this advanced period, should
the bills now ponding in Congress be passed, it will be
found too late to organize a regular enlisted force, and
place it in portion in season to prevent the anticipated
attack, or to suppress it until after much mischief fehall
have been done."
I read that to show to the Senate that the Secre-
tary of War does not look to these two regiments
of infantry and two of cavalry to meet the emer-
gency which he has called upon us to provide
against, for he tells you in plain language that if
you authorize that increase" now," that is, on the
15th of January, 1855, it will be too late to meet
the emergency which he anticipates. Then what
further does he say ? Mark the strong language
which he uses:
" Tkeonly course now left to the Department, in anticipa-
tion of ihe proposed increase, is the employment of a vol-
unteer force to couperate with such of the regular troops as
can be collected for the present emergency, and it is accord-
ingly recommended that authority be asked of Congress to
call into service three thousand mounted volunteers, to be
organized into companies, squadrons, and battalions, and
to serve for a period of eighteen months, unless sooner dis-
charged.' *
The amendment which I propose is to carry out
that recommendation; and is in the very words of
it, with the single exception that I do not confine
it to mounted men, but allow the President and
Secretary to call out three thousand volunteers, or
so many as may be necessary to meet the emer-
gency, either as mounted men or as foot men.
He may call out such portions of them as tne
emergency may seem to require. What does the
President tell us ?
" I transmit herewith a letter of the Secretary of War
upon the subject of Indian hostilities. The employment of
volunteer troops, as suggested by the Secretary, s>eems to
afford the only practicable means of providing fur the pres-
ent emergency."
Now, sir, is the recommendation of the Presi-
dent, and of the Secretary of War, to weigh not a
feather upon our judgments in this matter? Are we
totally to disregard the advice of those whose busi-
ness it is to watch narrowly our relations with the
Indian tribes, and tell us of approaching emergen-
cies ? If we intend to be governed by advice coming
from the quarter pointed out by the law to give us
advice, then the Senate, I insist upon it, is bound
to adopt the amendment which I have proposed,
because in no other way can we meet the emer-
gency which has called forth the special message
from the Executive, and the recommendation from
the War Department. You are told, m plain lan-
guage, that if you vote two regiments of infantry,
and two regiments of cavalry, you will not have
provided for the emergency. The only way,says
the Secretary, the only way, adds the President,
to meet the emergency, is to give us volunteers.
As I sfated before, I do not want to feel, nor do I
j want any one to charge upon me, that, by virtue
[ of my having failed to discharge my whole duty,
the blood of murdered women and children is
on my skirts. The President and the Secretary
have told us that this is the only means—mark
the language—the only means of providing for the
emergency; yet we propose to legislate in total
disregard of iheir recommendations; and Senators
rise in their places and tell us they are not bound
to register tne edicts of the Executive. No, sir;
they are not; nor am I. I would scorn to register
any man's edicts, whether he were King, Em-
peror, Potentate, or President. But } stand up
here to-day to say that the Presidentof theUnited
States and the Secretary of War must have in-
formation on this subject which we cannot have;
and i think, with aII due deference to the superior
judgment and greater cultivation of other gentle-
men on this subject, it is rather a flippant way of
disposing of so important a recommendation, to
say that we will not register the edicts of the Ex-
ecutive. As 1 remarked before, sir, and if there
is anything of which I feel proud as an American
senator, it is that, 1 have shown, on all proper
occasions, that I do not register edicts. I dare to
think and act for myself; and if 1 do so, 1 shall
certainly blame no other Senator for it; but I ap-
peal to them if it is possible they can have the
information on this subject which must be in the
possession of the President and the Secretary of
War—especially in the possession of the Secretary
ot War, whose sole business, almost, it is, I repeat
again, officially to look into our relations with the
Xnmans?
No other war is apprehended. The whole mil-1
it ry force is upon the frontier; and doubtless the
Secretary keeps a close eye on the proceedings of
the Indians, and of all others in that direction;
and when he tells us, on his responsibility as Sec-
retary, and when the President of the nation en-
dorses his declaration, that there is imminent
danger of outrages upon the frontier, and that
the only means of providing against them—yes,
sir, the only means of providing against them—is
the volunteer force, shall we refuse to vote it?
Why ? Why, sir, upon the hypothesis, upon the
bare supposition, that a volunteer force sent there
will be more likely to bring on a war than any-
thing which can occur. Sir, adopt the amend-
ment, and the President will not send his volun-
teer force there to bring on a war; if he dots, he
will violate the law which will give the volunteer
force. The amendment says that, to provide for
any sudden emergency which may arise out of
our relations with the Indian tribes, the President
be authorized to accept the services of the volun-
teers. I take it for granted, then, that there must
be, under the language of that amendment, a pre-
existing emergency; hostilities must actually have
commenced before he will be authorized to call out
the force. He will not be authorized by it to call
them out in anticipation of outrages.
! But suppose that war shall commence; suppose
| that the forty thousand Indians west of the Mis-
j sissippi—and that is the number stated by the
! Secretary of War to be there—shall, in any con-
j siderabie numbers, combine to wage war upon
J our frontier during the long vacation of Congress,
j which is almost commencing, how is it to be
checked by the slow process of recruiting, by the
slow process of getting men into your Army for
the period of five years? Why, sir, what
amount of butchery, what amount of murder,
what amount of rapine, may not be committed
upon that frontier before you can put a military
force there to protect it i
My venerable friend from Michigan [Mr.
Cass] says it is utterly impossible"to combine
thirty thousand warriors; they could not subsist,
they would need the means of support. So they
would if they were all in one army, but that is
not the mode of Indian fighting, if J understand
it. They go out in small bands and attack a
single settlement, lay it waste, and then retreat.
I have no expectation that they are going to meet
you in large numbers,in bodiesof ten,fifteen,and
twenty thousand, if they go to war with you at
ail; but in little bands, penetrating every point on
the frontier.
But, as I remarked, I did not get up to make a
speech on the subject, but simply to call attention
to the fact that the amendment is as much neces-
sary to carry out the recommendation of the
Executive as was the amendment offered by the
Senator from Illinois. *
Mr. WEL.LER. I desire to suggest a verbal
alteration in the amendment of my friend from
Mississippi, which, I think, ought to be made.
Ihe amendment reads, "to meet any sudden
emergency, growing out of our relations with the
Indian tribes, the President is authorized, "&c. 1
suggest to the Senator to add, " should he deem
; it necessary.**
j Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to that, I
I ^ for £ran*ed that that was understood.
; .c WELLER. ^ Then I ask for another mod-
ification in the portion of the amendment where
it reads, «< the said volunteers to be armed and
equipped to serve on horse or on foot, as the Sec-
retary of War, with the concurrence of the Presi-
dent, may direct," I ask the Senator to strike
0UL and insert "approbation."
Mr BROWN. I have no objection to thats<W
so understood it. 1 did not suppose that he was
to give orders on so important a matter as that
™OU™lJrC?n,?urrence o{ the President.
Mr. WELLER. Anyone would suppose they
were equal by that language.
Mr BROWN. I have no objection to the
modification.
Mr. CLAYTON. I differ with my friend from
Mississippi with great regret, and I must sny
oetore 1 give my vote upon this subject, that I
have the highest respect for the distinguished gen-
tleman who occupies the position of Secretary of
war. I have reflected upon his recommenda-
tions, and 1 am disposed to comply with them, if
1 can; but ihe result of the examination which I
have been able to bestow upon it is, that til® best
