1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
proposition which we can adopt, under the exist-
ing circumstances, is the very one which has been
proposed by the Senator from Illinois, and agreed
to by the Senate.
Mr. President, we have an Army in no decree
adapted to the necessities of the public service.
We have eleven thousand men in the military ser-
vice of aGovernment which has some twenty-five
or thirty millions of people, and an extent of ter-
ritory to be protected equal to that which Rome
had in her palmiest days; and now, sir, upon this
Occasion, and upon every other occasion where
Congress has been called upon to add to the mil-
itary force of the country, it has sought to evade
the great duty of increasing this right arm of the
national defense under the pretext that the volun-
teers would serve.
Sir, I undertake to say, that if you adopt the
system of volunteers now, you will adopt it in
every exigency hereafter, and we never shall in-
crease the Army'of the United States to such a
force as is suitable to the wants of the people, and
adapted to the dignity and character of this Gov-
ernment. When you had some ten millions of
people, you had a standing army of six thousand
men. You have now from twenty-five to thirty
millions of people, and but eleven thousand of an
Army scattered over a surface, I had almost said,
double that which you had when you had the six
thousand.
My honorable friend from Mississippi presses
upon us, at this time, the fact that the Secretary
of War and the President have admonished us
than an emergency has arisen requiring thevolun-
teers. We are told, if I understand the document
which has been read by the honorable Senator,
that volunteers alone will do for this occasion.
Now, sir, if there be any such pressing exigency,
as my honorable friend from Mississippi seems
to indicate there is, why does not the President
or the Secretary of War detail troops from other
parts of the United Stales, and send them upon
the frontier to guard the people there? What is
the use of the eleven thousand men ? If they are
apprised of some great outrage about to occur
upon our frontiers, of which we know nothing
here, it is the duty of the President, as command-
er-in-chief of the Army of the United States, to
send the troops out—the eleven thousand—from
any point where they are not wanted, to those
posts where they can act with effect in defense
of our infant settlements on the frontier.
Mr. PEARCE. I will state to the honorable
Senator that the sixth regiment has been diverted
from Oregon, which was its destination, for that
puipose.
Mr. CLAYTON". Well, sir, if there is a ne-
cessity for it; if there is such an exigency as this;
if there is such an emergency as we are told ex-
ist*, why not send troops from every quarter of
the United States, and let the whole eleven thou-
sand go there? They are not wanted for any
emergency anywhere else.
Mr. RUSK. All have been sent that can be
spared, and more cannot be taken, except from
places where they are absolutely needed.
Mr. CLAYTON. Weil, sir, I cannot well see
how it can be possible that troops enough cannot
be detailed for that point, under the existing state
of things; but if they cannot be, what is to be
done? Shall we now, as we always have done
heretofore, refuse to increase the Army of the
United States, and resort to the system of volun-
teers again ? Shall the day never come when the
Congress of the United States will increase the
Army to suit the exigencies and the necessity of
the country? I say, sir, that [ should not have
hesitated at all, conscious that there has been a
great defect in our legislation, to have voted for a
much greater force than is proposed; but if that is
all that can be done now, I shall be glad to give
my vote in faver of this increase of the Army of
the United States.
Mr. President, I think it was well remarked by
a gentleman in the course of this debate, that vol-
unteers, although there may be occasions when it
is necessary to resort to that species of force, are
a dangerous force, judging from all our past expe-
rience, when they are employed in a war with the
Indians. The same gentleman said, in the course
of this discussion, and I think it will be proved
now, as it has been heretofore, that, if the volun-
teers are sent there they will believe they go for a
fight, and a fight they will have before they come
back. The regular troops of the United States,
under the command of wise and experienced offi-
cers, men educated to the trade of war, and know-
ing their duty to keep the peace if it possibly can
be kept, will prove a much superior, and cautious,
and conservative police, and preserve the peace
much better than the volunteers. I do not doubt
that there is much desire on some portions of the
frontier for a volunteer force. I am well ac-
quainted with the feeling of our country. When
danger approaches, it is almost irrepressible.
Then, some always look to the end which inevita-
bly attends the breaking out of one of those Indian
wars, with their enormous expenditures of money.
The Florida war cost some $40,000,000. Let us
have another on the frontiers, and there are men
now living who would rejoice more to have an
opportunity of participating in the plunder that
must necessarily come from such a war, than to
have a chance to put their hands into the richest
mines that California or Australia can produce.
Sir, all that is necessary for the defense of the
country I am anxious to do; and I again repeat,
in closing, that I shall rejoice if the Senate will now
avail itself of the opportunity to increase perma-
nently the Army of the United Srates.
Mr. RUSK. The recommendation of the Pres-
ident was sufficient for our friends on the other
side to disregard the amendment of the Senator
from Virginia. He was charged with being un-
faithful to the Administration, because he offered
an amendment which did not come up to the rec-
ommendation for four regiments of regulars. That
was then sufficient; but now it seeme that it is not
sufficient. Here is the recommendation, theurgent
recommendation of the Secretary of War, with
most substantial reasons for it. He says that the
Indians are embodying and threatening the fron-
tier settlements; and he tells you that it is impos-
sible, and every man knows it to be so, to recruit
the regular regiments and get them there in time
to meet the emergency. It is almost unnecessary
to have mentioned this fact. The companies could
not be properly filled up until next fall. All this
time the people of the frontier will be m danger.
We are told that the emergency i3 pressing—that
the danger is to be apprehended in the spring;
and the Indians will commit their depredations,
because there is no force there to prevent them.
There is scarcely a corporal's guard at our mili-
tary stations, and they cannot oe removed to the
scene of danger. We are, then, asked for volun-
teers, because they mn be raised immediately, and
can be on the ground in the spring. This is the
only kind of force that can be used immediately
to stop the depredations of the Indians, and to
prevent the war. The others cannot be used for
six or eight month's. These are sufficient reasons
for the raising of the volunteers.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator from
Mississippi is perfectly consistent in the course
he pursues, for he voted for the four regiments,
and now he is willing to vote for the volunteers in
addition; but the course of the Senator from Texas
is utterly incomprehensible to me. Yesterday he
said that two regiments and five hundred volun-
teers would be amply sufficient, in his opinion; and j
he looked upon the proposition for four regiments j
as an unnecessary expenditure. Now, sir, he '
seems to have changed his policy, and he insists
that even four regiments are not sufficient. Per-
haps he can reconcile tl-at; I cannot.
Mr. RUSK. I .stated that four regiments would
be more than enough next fall, but the emergency
is upon us, and we cannot raiseand prepare them
by the time when they will be needed for this
emergency.
Mr. SHIELDS. Could the regiments proposed
by the Senator from Virginia be raised any sooner
than these four?
Mr. RUSK. If the Senator has read the amend-
ment of the Senator from Virginia, he would have
seen that it provides for five hundred rangers.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Executive could raise
the four regiments proposed by my amendment
as well as the two proposed by the Senator from
Virginia. Then the only force that could be
raised for the emergency, under the amendment
of the Senator from Virginia, would be five hun*
dred volunteers. I was alarmed at that proposi-
tion, because, while disposed to risk three thou-
sand, I never would consent to send out five hun-
dred, who would merely create an excitement, and
provoke a war, but not be able to fight it out. To
send five hundred rangers to guard the frontier,
and to meet the emergency, would be a half
measure, and a half measure is always worse than
no measure.
The call of the Executive, I admit, was for three
thousand volunteers, to supply what they termed
an immediate emergency, and"to take the place of
that force which is contemplated to be raised by
this bill. At that time, the Executive had no idea
that we would append this to an appropriation
bill, and get it through immediately, as we con-
template at this time.
There is another consideration. If the Execu-
tive appoints, as I trust he will, the right kind of
officers, men who are acquainted with the condi-
tion of the country at this time, they can raise
this force nearly as rapidly as they could raise the
volunteers; but, independently of that, I have en-
tered into an investigation with the Secretary of
War on the subject, and he can accomplish his
object without the volunteers if we give him the
four regiments. As was stated by the honorable
Senator from Maryland, he has sent the sixth
regiment, which was intended for Oregon, to oper-
ate immediately in the district of country where
the danger is apprehended, and will wait until he
can send recruits to Oregon, where he can have
them as well prepared as if they were prepared
here. It is his intention,if the bill passes, to send
recruits there, and let them be formed in that
locality.
Again, there are between one thousand and two
thousand men in what is called the eastern de- ,
partment of the United States, doing nothing but
preserving our fortresses, our ammunition, and
our magazines. These he can send off immedi-
ately, because he can supply their places with
recruits the moment they are enlisted, so that he
can make provision, if we give him the addition
of four regiments, to be raised instantaneously, or
as rapidly as possible, so to regulate the nriln&ry
force of the country as to meet any immediate,
pressing emergency. That is his opinion, and in
that opinion t heartily coincide; because, under
this arrangement, I can see that he can send a
thousand men from the eastern department. They
are attending to our fortresses, and our magazines,
it is true; but there is no danger there, and they
can be abandoned, and left to the management of
recruits as they are raised.
When the nrst proposition came forward for
three thousand volunteers, does not every Senator
bear me witness that there was an indisposition to
raise volunteers, and that we had to choose be-
tween volunteers or regulars? I was not for vol-
unteers,unless we could getregulars to followand
take their places. As stated by the honorable
Senator from California, what they want are mil-
itary posts more than anything else upon those
lines. I have already stated that my opinion is
that the Secretary of War, the moment he gets
assurance of these four regiments, will so arrange
the forces now m the west and in the east as to
meet any emergency that may come upon us.
Mr. RUSK. Then he need not call out the
three thoucand volunteers if he does not find it
necessary.
Mr. BROWN. There is no sort of inconsist-
ency between the amendment proposed by myself,
and which is now under consideration, and that
which has been adopted on the motion of my
i friend from Illinois. IIis amendment provides for
i four regiments as a part of the permanent military
! establishment of the country. That we have al-
! ready agreed to. What we ask for now are three
I thousand volunteers, to be employed, if the emer-
gency shall require it, between now and the period
! when the four regiments shall be called into service,
j The three thousand volunteers are not to be any
' part of the regular Army.
| Mr. SHIELDS. Will the honorable Senator
| permit me to ask him, in all seriousness, if he has
the least idea that we can carry through four regi-
ments and three thousand volunteers?
Mr. BROWN. I do not know why weshould
j not. That is what the Government asks for.
' That is what we are assured is necessary for the
defense of the country; and, judging from the
experience of the past, I am to conclude that what-
ever the Government say sis necessary forpnssing
events, the Congress will vote. When majorities
of the two Houses of Congress have been opposed
to the existing Administration, they have not hes-
itated to vote the supplies necessary for the defense
