1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
521
. Mr. PEARCE. The estimate of the Depart-.!
merit, which I read the other day, showed that I
$9,186,000 would be sufficient for the organization i
and maintenance of this force for one year. If
that amount be put in the amendment, it will meet
"exactly the estimate of the Department.
Mr. HUNTER. I will ask the Senator from
Maryland how many men are proposed to be in a
regiment under that estimate?
Mr. PEARCE. They were to be in companies
of sixty-four. Between seven and eight hundred
in a refiment,
The PRESIDENT. Two sums are named
with which to fill the blank; the question will first
be put on the largest amount, $3,000,000.
On a division, there were—ayes 22, noes 22.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair votes in the
negative.
Mr. WELLER. I move to fill the blank by
making the sum $2,500,000.
Mr. PEARCE. t move to fill the blank with
$2,168,000, which is the estimate of the Depart-
ment.
Mr. WELLER. That estimate is based upon
the assumption that each company will consist of
sixty-four men; but that is the minimnm. If it is
found necessary to make full companies, as a
matter of course it will be necessary to spend
more money. 1 take it for granted, however,
that the money is not to be expended unless the
public service demands it. Therefore, to bring it
within limits, J propose to insert $2,500,000.
Mr. "Wei.ler's motion was agreed to; and the
amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I now renew the amendment
in regard to the appointment of the three commis-
sioners, and shall not say a word about it. it is
as follows:
Sec. — Jind be it further enacted, That the ['resident
is hereby authorized to appoint three suitable persons as
commissioners to proceed to the fndian country to enter
into negotiations, and to conclude treaties of amity, with
such Indian tribes as may be disposed to preserve friendly
relations with the United States, and to extend to *uoh
tribes the most positive assurances of protection and se-
curity, 90 long as they strictly adhere to their treaty obliga-
tions. Such commissioners shall report to the President,
and to such military commanders an he shall direct, the
names of the several tribes who may thus b   entitled to pro-
tection and security; and also Mich tribes as continue
refractorv, refuse to enter into amicable negotiation*, and
who persist in maintaining an attitude of hostility to the
United States. And said com-nissioners shall be paid out
of any money in theTreasuiy, not otherwise appropriated,
the same per diem allowance and mileage allowed to mem-
bers of Congress during the time of service of said commis-
sion.
Mr. BADGER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. ATCHISON. I am willing to vote for
that amendment if this proviso be added to it:
Provided* That such commissioners shall be appointed
from the Indian department.
Mr. BADGER. That ia according to existing
laws.
Mr. ATCHISON. Yea, sir.
Mr. WELLER. This proposition, I believe,
was passed upon by the Committee on Military
Affairs, upon the assumption that the Senate
would agree to give the President three thousand
volunteers. It was with a great deal of reluctance
that the committee finally agreed to give the vol-
unteer force to the President.
Some of us entertained the opinion that it was
not the best sort of force to queii the dismrbtti.cea
which have recently arisen upon the frontier; but
if we were to give the three thousand volunteers,
we insisted upon it that there should be commis-
sioners to go along with them, or in advance of
th^m, in order to satisfy the Indians that our only
object was peace; that first we should offer them
the olive branch; that that should be tendered
through the commissioners, and then, if we could
not obtain peace, by quiet means, we would re-
sort to force; so that, as I have said, we originally
agreed to the appointment of the commissioners
upon the presumption that we were to have the
three thousand volunteers, and the Senate having
already decided that it will notgive the volunteers,
I shall certainly vote against the amendment.
Mr. ATCHiSON. I withdraw the amendment
which I proposed, and I do it for this reason:
Under the existing laws the President of the Uni-
ted States now has the right to appoint one or
more commissioners from the Indian department
for any purpose of negotiation or otherwise, con-
nected with the Indians. If the amendment
which I have proposed should be adopted, it will
give the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, or Indian
agents, the appointment for this duty. As pro-
posed by the Senator from Illinois, it will give
the pay of a member of Congress, which is eight
dollars a day, and mileage at forty cents a mile,
for traveling, perhaps, ten or twenty thousand
miles, and there is no telling where their travels
would end at that rate. I trust the proposition
will be voted down.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator from
California [Mr. Weller] has stated correctly the
reason for recommending the appointment of three
commissioners. It was supposed thatit would be
necessary to authorize the President to select three
men well qualified fortius duty; that necessity,
however, does not exist now. I presented the
amendment, because I felt it to be my duty to do
so; but as I find there is objection to it, I ask leave
to withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays hav-
ing been ordered on that amendment, it cannot be
withdrawn except by the unanimous consent of the
Senate.
There being no objection, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 now propose an amendment,
which I feel it to be my duty to propose, as it is
recommended by the Department, and the measure
has been agreed to by the Committee on Military
Affairs. The amendment is, the bill to provide for
an increase of the pay of the officers of the Army,
and for a retired list. I do not wish to make a
speech on the subject. I present the amendment
in accordance with what I deem to be my duty,
and ask for a vote upon it.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment will be
read,
Mr. MASON. The Senator has stated the con-
tents of the amendment; that it is to increase the
pay of the officers of the Army, and make pro-
vision for a retired list. It is unnecessary to read
it, for we till understand it.
The PRESIDENT. The reading of the amend-
ment will be dispensed with, unless some Senator
desires it.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, it seems to
be the purpose of the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, to force upon the Army ap-
Q nation bill all the general legislation which
ommittee proposes. We are not only to or-
ganize a force for an Indian war, and provide for
the increase of the Army, but we are called upon
to place on this bill, all the other measures which
he has reported for the general regulation of the
Army. Now, sir, 1 ask, if there is not, in point
of propriety, some limit to the license which the
Senate have taken to load the general appropria-
tion bills with independent measures? Have we
a right to say to the House of Representatives,
" you must either adopt our opinions in regard to
new mutters of legislation, or else lose the appro-
priation bills?" And will not this habit of legis-
lation end in precisely that result? It does seem
to me that the Semitorfrom Illinois has succeeded
in putting upon this bill certainly as much as it
can carry; and the chances are, that if we go on,
and place upon it ail the measures which he has
reported from the Committee on Military A flairs,
in regard to thegeneral organization of the Army,
changes in the staff, and a retired list, we shall
run the risk of losing the bill, or engaging in a
contest with the House, which would not be very
profitable.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Virginia raise the point of order whether this
amendment can be received under the rules?
Mr. HUNTER, I cannot raise the point of
order, because I understand that the amendment
comes from the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator from
Virginia is laboring under one mistake. The
amendment which I have now proposed to this
bill is not for the general reorganization of the
Army. I will state what it is. It will be recol-
lected that, at the last session of Congress, a bill
was passed increasing the pay of the rank and
file of the Army; but the pay of the officers was
left untouched. I think that is notthe proper way
to act in regard to such a corps—separate one por-
tion from another m the increase of pay. The
scale of pay which 1 now propose has been pre-
pared by the Department.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to ask the Senator
from Illinois whether this provision was not put
on the Army appropriation bill at the last session,
and did it not keep a committee of conference out
for six hours, and were not the Senate finally
compelled to abandon the proposition, or else lose
the bill ?
Mr. SHIELDS. I did not happen to be here
at the close of the last session. If I had been
here, I should certainly have insisted on increas-
ing the pay of the officers of the Army.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from California
[Mr. Weller] was on that committee of confer-
ence, and will remember the circumstance.
Mr. SHIELDS. My honorable friend from
California acted in my place as chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs at the last session,
and no doubt he did all he could to obtain an in-
crease of pay for the officers.
Mr. WELLER. By order of the Committee
on Military Affairs, I had this provision inserted
in the Army appropriation bill of last session, but
the House refused to agree to it. A committee of
confeience was appointed. I was upon that com-
mittee. You, Mr. President, were also upon that
committee; and you will remember that, after
much struggle and labor, we were compelled to
abandon our amendment. The reason urged for
the abandonment was, that the House would never
agree to it as an amendment to an appropriation
bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not wish to waste the
time of the Senate; but I will take occasion to say
a word or two, in order to call the attention of the
Senate to the present state of affairs. Why, sir,
a lieutenant in your Army does not receive as
much pay as one of the little boys who act as our
pages. Seven hundred and seventy-nine dollars a
year includes all the pay and allowances of every
kind of a lieutenant. We propose to give him
$1,000. Is not that little enough for an officer?
The messengers of this body get more than that,
I have heard honorable Senators say that they
cannot live on their present pay, ana surely no
one can imagine that the pay of our Army officers
is sufficient. 1 have presented a scale presented
by the Department, making a very small increase
in their pay. I hope the Senate will adopt it. If
the House choose to reject it, it will be their act,
for which we shall not be responsible.
Mr. CASS. I concur with my honorable friend
from Illinois in both the propositions which he
has incorporated into this amendment, and 1 should
vote for them as separate measures; but I advise
him not to press them on this bill. I am in favor
of creating a retired list, and I am for increasing
the pay, because I think it is too small; but I fear
those propositions will be injured by being attached
to this bill. I should cheerfully vote for them on
their own merits.
Mr. RUSK. I am in favor of both branches
of the amendment as separate measures, standing
on their own merits, but 1 cannot vote for adding
them to a general appropriation bill, because I am
very sure that the result will be to defeat them,
and hazard the bill. The Senator from Illinois
has on the table, separate bills to provide for these
objects. Why not call up those bills and act on
them? Suppose we should add this amendment
to the bill, and it should be rejected by the House
of Representatives, we shall end just where we
begin, and not accomplish the object. I think the
better plan would be to pass the separate bills
which the Senator has reported.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to ask my honor-
able friend from Illinois, if he understands that
the Committee on Military Affairs instructed him
to offer this measure as an amendment to the
appropriation bill? The committee agreed to sep-
arate bills to accomplish the object.
Mr. SHIELDS. The committee did not in-
struct me to present the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I raise the point that
it is not in order.
The PRESIDENT. It is clearly out of order,
unless it comes from one of the standing commit-
tees.
Mr. SHIELDS. It has come from one of the
standing committees, though not in this precise
form. In my humble opinion the amendment is
in order. I find, however, that my friends think
it would be injurious to insist upon it; and although
I think it is an act of justice to the Army, I shall
accept the advice of my friends, and withdraw
