5*4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
made a report upon the subject, but at any rate
in conversation with me he lias stated that he con-
sidered it the most efficient weapon which had
ever been devised. It is said that our arsenals are
filled with weapons. I have no doubt they are;
but some of those weapons, one in particular which
I might name, but 1 do not wish to do so now,
would certainly be useless against an enemy, and
dangerous to the person using it.
The honorable Senator from Michigan has
alluded to the experiment going on in Europe.
The experiment has been going on, and is now
concluding. The Minie rifle was fully tested at
Rouen, and the engineer officers theredecided that
the Mime rifle, at eight hundred yards, would
drive away the gunners from their guns, and that
no force could be properly organized hereafter
without the Minie rifle. That rifle has undei ■gone
the last modification, and is now being used effi-
ciently at Sebastopol; but, as compared with
Sharp's rifle, I think any man, accustomed to the
rifle and depending upon it for obtaining his food,
or for purposes of defense, would certainly prefer
our own invention.
Mr. DAWSON". This rifle was never recom-
mended by the War Department, or by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, until one of theclosing
nights of the last session. On that occasion, a
friend of mine in this body procured a majority
of the Committee on Military Affairs to consent
that the proposition for the purchase of these rifles
should emanate from the committee. My dissent
to it was known at the time. The appropriation
of $90,000 which was proposed last year, was first
intended for the purchase of Sharp's rifle; but a
controversy arose in the body, and finally it was
put in such a shape as to authorize the adoption
of the best rifles. That appropriation has been
before the Secretary of War during the year, and
I suppose he has instituted experiments, but he
has not yet made any decision upon the subject.
When the matter came before the Committee on
Military Affairs, at the present session, the chair-
man will recollect that it was the opinion of the
committee that that appropriation should be re-
pealed.
In the language of the Senator from Michigan,
this is no time to purchase arms. Experiments
are now going on which may result in throwing
away nearly all the arms we have, and we should
wait until something definite upon the subject is
agreed upon. Besides, we have no use for these
arms. We have now more arms than we can
use, and we are going on in our armories, year
after year, constructing others. These purchases
are for individual benefit. The arms may wear
out in a year. I grant that they are fine speci-
mens of mechanical art, which would, perhaps,
receive the approval of the Senate, but they are
not now needed; they are not necessary for any
existing purpose; and the appropriation will inure
to the benefit of individuals and not to the general
good of the country.
I have been led to say on former occasions, and
I repeat now, that if we are to continue to purchase
arms in this way, we might as well abolish our
armories, close up our factories, and rely entirely
upon individual enterprise to furnish arms for the
Army. I think it impolitic and unwise to expend
public money in this manner, when the expendi-
ture cannot be immediately beneficial. I agree
with my friends from Florida and Connecticut
that this is a great and useful invention; but I
think it is unnecessary for the Government at this
time. For this reason, I move, if it be in order,
what the committee intended to move, and what I
thought the chairman was instructed to move, a
repeal of the appropriation made at the last session.
That is what I voted for in the committee.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator from
Georgia, I think, takes a correct view of this matter.
I was not here when the appropriation was made
at the last session. I know Sharp's rifle, and I
consider it the best arm which we now have; but
I do not think it is the best arm which we may
ha-e in, perhaps, a year from this time; and for
that reason I was desirous of leaving the Secretary
of War discretion to select the best arm, and to
give him full range for that purpose. I found,
however, that there was a difficulty in repealing
the provision which was made at the last session
of Congress. I understand that it was intended,
as stated by the honorable Senator from Florida,
to apply to Sharp's rifle.
No, sir, it was not so
Mr. BRODHEAD.
intended.
Mr. SHIELDS. I was not here, and of course
do not know the circumstances.
Mr. BRODHEAD. My friend from Con-
necticut, and other Senators, seem to misappre-
hend the meaning of the amendment to the Army
appropriation bill of the last session. It is true
that when that amendment was first offered, it
proposed that Sharp's breech-loading rifle should
be purchased; but it was so amended as to enable
the Secretary of War to purchase the best breech-
loading rifle; and that is the shape in which it
now stands on the statute-book. I understand
that there is a gentleman in Baltimore who has
prepared a much better breech-loading rifle than
Sharp's. Altogether, it seems to me that the pro-
vision made last year was a vpry harmless one.
Although it appropriates $90,000, it leaves the
whole matter to the discretion of the Secretary
of War, so that if the Baltimore gentleman, to
whom I have alluded, has invented a much better
breech-loading rifle than Sharp's, the Department
can purchase it. Even if it should not be neces-
sary for the public service, I take it for granted
the War Department need make no purchase; so
that f think we had better leave the appropriation
of $90,000 stand as it is.
Mr. IIUjNTER. I understand that the Secre-
tary of War, under the appropriation of last year,
is now trying experiments with four different
kinds of breech-loading rifles.
Mr. SHIELDS. I was about to say, when
interrupted by the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania, that the Secretary of War, on the faith
of the appropriation, has proceeded with experi-
ments to ascertain the best breech-loading rifles,
and, therefore, I do not think it wise to disturb
the appropriation, although it may not have been
prudent in the first instance.
Mr. CASS. 1 perceive that this bill contains
an appropriation of $250,000 for the manufacture
of small-arms for this year. The question is, is
that enough or not? Do you want to appropriate
$90,000 more ?
Mr. SHIELDS. The $90,000 are already ap-
propriated.
Mr. CASS. But the money has not been ex-
pended, and the appropriation is in our power,
if $340,000 be needed for the manufacture of arms,
why not say so ? If the $250,000 are enough, and
you wish $90,000 of it appropriated to a specific
purpose, why not say so ? The simple question
is, whether we shall add $90,000 to the $250,000?
I think it is not needed, and I shall vote according
to my belief.
Mr. WELLER. My recollection of what oc-
curred in the Committee on Miluary AfFaris does
not correspond with the statement made by my
friend from Georgia, [Mr. Dawson.] I under-
stood him to say that he had voted in the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs for the repeal of the
appropriation which we made at the last session.
According to my recollection, there was no such
vote given in the committee. I think I was present
at the lime when thh matter was incidentally the
subjectof conversation. I well remember that the
chairman said he was opposed to the appropriation
which was made at the last session, and 'that he
intended to have it repealed. That there was any
formal vote or agreement of the committee, that
he should pursue that course, I certainly do not
recollect.
Mr, DAWSON". I gave it as my opinion,that
the appropriation should be repealed, and I thought
that was the opinion of a minority of the commit-
tee, but they did not instruct the chairman to
present any amendment of that kind.
Mr. WELLER. I am very sure that, if I had
understood such a proposition was formally be-
fore them, I should have said something on the
subject—at least enough to show that I did not
concur with the Senator from Illinois.
Sir, the Senator from Georgia says, this is legis-
lating for particular individuals. How can that be?
We made an appropriation of $90,000, at the last
session, to enable the Secretary of War to pur-
chase the best breech-loading rifle—not the patent
of any particular individual, not Sharp's rifle, but
the best breech-loading rifle, leaving the Secretary
of War to determine which was the best. That
is the whole of it. Well, now, is it expedient to
repeal the act of the last session making that ap-
propriation, when the Secretary of War is engaged
in the experiments necessasy to determine which
is the best breech-loading rifle? That is the ques-
tion which is presented to us.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The PRESIDENT. The question will now be
on concurring with the following amendment:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the annual dis-
tribution of arms to the several States, under the act ap-
proved April 23, 1808, entitled "An act making provision
for arming and equipping the wlioie body of ibe militia of
the United States," shall be hereafter made according to
the number of iheir Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress respectively; and that arms be distributed to  he Ter-
ritories and the District of Columbia in such quantities and
under such regulations as the President, in his discretion,
may prescribe.
Sec. —• •And be it further enacfcd, That the Governors
of the several States and Territories be, and they are hereby,
authorized to sell, to the best advantage, the arms hereto-
fore distributed, or which may be hereafter distributed,
under theact of April 28, 1808, and invest the fund* arising
out of such sales in other arms more suitable (or the pur-
pose contemplated by said act: Provided, That notyms  >e
so purchased or provided except such as may be of the
same description and caliber in use in the Army of the
United States.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend that amend-
ment by inserting the words "regularly adopted
and " before the words '* in use in the Army of
the United States." The amendment introduced
by the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,]
authorized the Governors to sell the useless por-
tion of the arms which had been given to them
by the United States, and to invest the funds aris-
ing from that sale in other arms. The Senate, in
pursuance of an amendment which I submitted,
restricted that provision so as to confine the Gov-
ernors to the purchase of arms in use in the ser-
vice of the United States, and of similar caliber
and description. My attention has been called to
the fact that the amendment, as it stands, does
not attain the object which was expected. For
this reason, a further modification is necessary by
inserting the words "regularly adopted and."
If we confine the Governors to the purchase of
those arms which are in use in the Army of the
United States, it will be no restriction at all, be-
cause all kinds are used in the service for purposes
of experiment; but when they are restricted to
those arms which have been regularly adopted,
it is an entirely different matter. 1 suppose the
Senator from Tennessee can have no objection to
the amendment which I have suggested.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. No, sir; it is ex-
actly what we understood when the proposition
was adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendmentas amended was concurred
in.
The last amendment, which was excepted, was
to insert the following additional section:
Sec.—. Jlnd be itfurther enacted. That the provisions of
the first section of the art entitled « An act making appro-
priations for the support of the Army, for the year endinc
the 30th of June, 1851," approved September 28, 1860
granting extra pay to the officers and enlisted men of the
Army serving m Oregon and California, be extended to th*
officers and men composing the garrison of the post of Fort
Laramie, on the Oregon route, for the same period of time
a* was allowed by the sixth section of the act of the 3d of
March, !8o3, to the officers and men of the companies of
the regiment o! mounted riflemen that garrisoned FortLar-
amift; and that the provisions of the same section of the
same act be also extended to the officers and men compos-
ing the escort to the Mexican boundary commission, while
thry were serving as sueh escort.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senate will not a°ree
to this amendment. Sir, it is a melancholy0 in-
stance of the effect which the presence of officers
and other persons interested in legislation here
has upon the action of Congress. The proposition
which i presented a short time ago as an Amend-
ment to this, has been before the Committee on
Military Affairs for more than four years. The
first bill which was introduced here to give in-
creased compensation to officers and soldiers, com-
prised the amendment which I proposed, and which
has been ruled out of order because it cannot now
Set the sanction of the Committee on Military
Attairs. The present Secretary of War, when he
was a member of this body in 1850, introduced
a proposition to give increased compensation to
e officers and soldiers who served m California
trom the Mexican war up to the period of the
Jnerease. The measure passed this
body by a large majority, went to the House, and
they disagreed to it. The result was, that in
he committee of conference, as the Secretary of
losfrL,1" / me' noUl'"S b« the risk of
losing the Army appropriation bill induced him
