1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
526
to give up what he believed so meritorious a prop-
osition.
Sir, the foundation of the original legislation in
regard to increased compensation, was in favor of
the very persons who cannot now receive a favor-
able report from the Committee on Military
Affairs. My colleague knows that the officers
and soldiers who were in California prior to the
28th of September, 1850, were subjected to much
greater expenses than those who served there sub-
sequently, and who have received increased com-
pensation. There was the New York regiment
which went to California, and was there before its
disbandonment, at the time when the enormous
rise in provisions took place. The Mormon bat-
talion, too, were upon their way across the conti-
nent. Those who went over with Kearny, and
those who went with General Riley, had to incur
enormous expenditures, for which they never re-
ceived any return from the United States in the
shape of pay. We have given double compensa-
tion to every officer and sailor in the Navy who
served on tnat coast during that period. We have
allowed increased compensation to the officers of
the Army who served on this side of the Rocky
mountains, but now the very officers and men
who laid the foundation for this legislation can
get no hearing in this body.
Sir, I regret to say that the influences which are
brought to hear around the Capitol to bring forth
and mature these propositions are such that we
cannot get this compensation for much more mer-
itorious claimants. Although I do not object to
this amendment in itself, I say that the amend-
ment which I propose is infinitely more deserving.
The officers and soldiers, whose pay 1 propose to
increase, deserve more than those named m this
amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am glad that the honorable
Senator has no objection to this amendment in
itself. His only complaint is, that he cannot get
provision made for another more meritorious, or
equally meritorious class. If 1 were to act on that
principle, 1 should also'vote against the amend-
ment; but I do not allow mj; action to be con-
trolled by such considerations. The Senator must
reflect that butafew minutes ago, I made an effort
to get additional pay for all the officers of the
Army, but several honorable Senators made such
strenuous objections to it, that ( withdrew the
proposition. It was suggested then that we ought,
to prepare a separate bill. Surely the honorable
Senator should not rise up the next moment and
condemn a proposition of the committee for in-
creased pay, because it dots not go far enough.
Mr. GWIN. Permit me to ask the honorable
Senator why it is that the very amendment which
I offered, that has been before the Committee on
Military Affairs for four years, cannotget a favor-
able report Irom his committee11
Mr. SHIELDS, f could not getany action of
the Senate on my proposition to increase the pay
of the officers of the Army.
Mr. GWIN. Here is a proposition to increase
the pay of some of the officers m this very amend-
ment.
Mr. SHIELDS. When the original proposi-
tion was made, no man was more in favor of
giving increased compensation to the riflemen at
Fort Laramie than the Senator from California.
Mr. GWIN. Certainly.
Mr. SHIELDS. Well, sir, I stated the other
day that, at the same fort at the same time, there
were other troops; and when the bill was passed,
giving additional pay to the rifles, those other
troops were not included. The object of this
amendment is simply to put them on the same
footing with the rifles. If the Senator thinks that
unjust, let it go. Does he think so ?
Mr. GWIN. I will tell the Senator what I
think is very unjust. You haveincreased the pay
of officers who have served on the Pacific coast
since the 28ih of September, 1850, but those offi-
cers receive no additional pay for service before
that period, although their expenses were greater.
Mr. SHIELDS. But here I have amendments
for increasing the pay of the officers, and I can-
not bring them forward, and Senators have told
me that they should be presented in a separate bill.
Mr. .GWIN. The amendment which I pro-
posed, and which was ruled out of order, was
prospective entirely, and not retrospective.
Mr. STUART. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Several Senators. Let us get through with
the bill.
Mr. STUART. I should be glad to dispose of
the bill if possible; but I fear that we have no
prospect of doing so.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on con-
curring in the amendment which has been read.
Mr. WELLER. The subject of granting extra
pay to the officers of the Army who served in
California, which has been before the Committee
on Military Affairs for the last two sessions of
Congress, has been very frequently talked about
in that committee, but there never has been any
action on the subject. The main difficulty which
presented itself was, that the officers serving in
Washington and Oregon Territories, and in New
Mexico and Utah, and upon other distant posts,
had also strong claims upon the consideration of
Congress for an increase in their pay. In my
judgment, the officers serving at Fort Kearny
have just as strong a claim for increased compen-
sation as the officers at Fort Laramie. That was
on the direct route to California. Those officers
who have been stationed at that post for the last
four years, have been compelled to furnish the
emigrants, out of (heir own pockets, money to
obtain the necessaries of life. They themselves
have been subjected to very great expenses in con-
sequence of the high prices of all the articles of
subsistence. But, sir, we have never been able to
come to any conclusion, for the reason I have
already assigned, that the officers at the different
posts to which 1 have already alluded, seemed to
have strong ground for an increase in their com-
pensation. That it is just and equitable that the
officers serving in the Army should be placed on
an equal footing as those who served in the Navy
on the Pacific coast, every one will accede at once
to the justice of the demand; but we have been
unable to procure it. The amendment for that
purpose 1ms now been decided to be out of order,
very improperly, in my judgment; for it simply
was a proposition to extend to other officers what
you propose to give by this amendment to those
who seived at Fort Laramie.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT. If no further amendments
be proposed, the question will be on engrossing
the amendments, and ordering the bill to a third
reading.
Mr. HOUSTON. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas ami nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas :I2, nays 7; as lollows:
YPAS—Moard. Allen, HHl, IU'jijjimin, Brodhond,
Hroxvii, Cass, Clayton, Dawson, i'odgo of VVifeons-in,
Dod'jo of Iowa, Douglas, Evans, Fnzputnck,^ win, Hunt or,
JauioM, Jol)iiM n, Jones of Tennessee, Mtiliory, Morton,
IVhicc, I'etut, tteid, UuMc, Sebastian, SlnuliL, Slidtli,
Smart, Touchy, \V  ller, VVt-lb, ami Wn«ltt—32.
JVA\>—I3rainord, Chase, Gillette, Houston,
Scwaui, uiuuer, and YVaite—7.
So the bill was ordered to a third reading. It
was then read a third time, and passed; and, on
motion by Mr. Hunter, its title was amended
by adding, " and for other purposes."
TELEGRAPH TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to be allowed to introduce a
bill to provide for telegraphic and express mail
communication between the Mississippi river and
the Pacific ocean." I only desire to have it re-
ferred, &f/d to give notice that J mtetid to present
it as a substitute lor the bill to establish a subter-
ranean line ot telegiaph.
The bill was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Territoues, and ordered to be
printed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered, That the papers of the representative of George
Mayo bo withdrawn troni ihe tiles of the Senate, arid re-
k'ned to the Committee on the Post ('ftiee and Post iioads.
RAILROAD IRON.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to move
an adjournment; but before doing so, I wish to
make a suggestion to the Senate. It will be re-
membered, that at an early period of the session,!
believe during the first or second week, I intro-
duced a bill granting to railroad companies three
years within which to pay the duties on railroad
iron. There is no doubt that my modesty will be
the death of me. [Laughter.] I have postponed
calling up that bill from day to day, and from
week to week; but I wish now, moat humbly,
to ask the Senate to consent on Saturday next,
which is a leisure day, to take up that bill and
dispose of it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I am quite willing to meet
here on that day and take up the bill; but I do not
know that we can dispose of it then.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is a day on
which we are not usually in the habit of working,
and I give notice that 1 shall ask the Senate te sit
then for the purpose of considering the bill. I
move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 2,1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock* m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, inform-
ing the House that the Senate had passed a bill of
the House of the following title, without amend-
ment:
An act to change the names of the American-
built vessels J. H. Holmes and Franklin Pierce.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills of the
following titles; in which he was requested to ask
the concurrence of the House:
An act for the relief of James Hodges Gale; and
An act to create an additional land district in
the State of California.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill of the
House entitled " An act making appropriation for
the support of the Army for the year ending 30th
June, 1856," with amendments, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Mr. HAVEN. I move that the Army bill be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and that the amendments be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com«
munication from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting a report from the Fourth Auditor of the
Treasury, exhibiting, in a tabular form, the pay
and allowances of the several officers of the Navy
and of the Marine Corps of the United States for
the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1854, prepared
in compliance with a resolution of the House of
Representatives passed during the first session of
the Thirtieth Congress.
On motion by Mr. FLORENCE, the commu-
nication was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
INTRODUCTION OF A BILL.
Mr. HENDRICKS obtained the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 appeal to the gentleman from
Indiana to give mean opportunity to ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a bill for
the purpose of reference only.
Mr, HENDRICKS. I will yield to the gen-
tleman for that piupose.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope that all
these bills, which are introduced by unanimous
consent, will be received with the understanding
that no motions to reconsider shall be made here-
after, so as to bring the bills back into the House
and pass them.
Mr. PHELPS. No motion will be made by
me to reconsider.
Mr. JONES. "Well, I wantto have that under-
standing in regard to all the bills.
Mr. PHELPS then, by unanimous consent,
and in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a
bill to amend an act entitled " An act to extend
preemption rights to certain lands therein men-
tioned;" which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. PHELPS. There is another matter which
relates to the disposition of business, which I desire
to have regulated. While presiding- the other day
aschaiiman of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of theUnion,considering territorial busi-
ness, a bill " for the relief of the secretary of the
Territory of Minnesota" was called up on the
