1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
533
to deliver the wagons or to pay for them, and re-
ferred the matter to General Jessup, the quarter-
master general at "Washington, for settlement.
Upon application to General Jessup, he decided
. it was a matter beyond his control; expressed a
favorable opinion of the claim, and referred the
case to thehonorable C. M. Conrad, then Secre-
tary of War, who gave an order for the return of
the wagons to the petitioner. They were not,
however, returned, and could not be, for the rea-
son that most of them had been worn out and
broken to pieces by severe usage in the service of
the United States Army; and such as were fit for
use were still in service, and could riot be dis-
pensed with without serious detriment to the ser-
vice.
It appears that said wagons were worth, at the
time they were so taken and put into the service
of the United States, $150 each.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. HILLYER. 1 desire to make an appeal
to the committee. It will not be in my power to
be present on any subsequent objection day.
There is a bill which has been passed by, in
which very many of my constituents are deeply
interested, and I ask the committee to permit the
gentleman who objected to it, to withdraw the
objection, in order that the bill may be taken up
and repoited to the House. It is bill No. 256,
for the relief of the West Feliciana Railroad and
the Georgia Railroad and Banking Companies.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That bill is upon
the twelfth page of the Calendar, and the commit-
tee have not been engaged upon that page to-day.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
committee cannot go back upon the Calendar.
Mr. HILLiYEBL But I ask the unanimous
-consent of the committee, and 1 wish to remark
to the gentleman from Tennessee, that I shall not
be here on any other objection day. Many of my
. constituents are interested in this bill, and I ask
the gentleman to withdraw his objection.
Mr. JONES. We cannot go back upon the
Calendar, beyond the point at which we com-
menced this morning, without opening the whole
Calendar.
Mr. HUNT. The gentleman says he cannot
be here on another objection day, and we all know
he has been an indefatigable member. 1 hope his
request will be granted.
Mr. JONES. The bill is objectionable in itself.
It is to repeal duties on railroad iron. I must in-
sist on my objection.
House bill (No. 705) for the relief of the as-
signee of bounty land warrant No. 27849, issued
to William Phillips and Surah Connor.
The bill provides that the time hmitej by law
for the location of bounty land warrant No.
27840, issued to William Phillips and Sarah Con-
nor, for one hund red and sixty acres, under the date
of 20th April, 1853, be extended for the term of
five years from and after the 26;h day of June,
1853, and that the assignee of said warrant be
authorized and empowered to locate the same at
any time within five years after the 26th of
June, 1853.
The leport, which was read, shows that bounty
land warrant No. 27849, for one hundred and
sixty acres, issued to Sarah Connor and Robert
Phillips, on the 20th of April, 1853; that the
same was issued under the law of June 26,1848,
and that, by the provisions of the act, the time
for locating said warrant expired on the 20th of
June, in the same year. The warrant is now in
the bands of the assignee of the parties, but with-
out authority of law for its location.
Mr. HENN. I would inquire if there is not a
general law which covers that case?
* Mr. HENDRICKS. I would say to the gen-
tleman that the general law relating to that war-
rant has expired.
Mr. HENN. Was it not revived at the last
session of Congress ?
Mr. HENDRICKS There is no law in exist-
ence which governs it.
No objection being made, the hill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
House bill (No. 706) increasing the pension of
Anthony Walton Bayard, of Bellefonte, in the
State of Pennsylvania.
* The bill provides that the pension now received
by Anthony Walton Bayard be increased to
twenty dollars per month, and that said pension
be paid him from the first of January, 1852,
deducting the amount of pension he has already
received Since that date, and that hereafter the pen-
sion shall be twenty dollars per month during his
life, instead of eight dollars a month, which he
now receives.
The report, which was read, shows that the
petitioner was a private in the war of 1812, and
served in the wars with the Indians in the north-
west, and that he was severely wounded upon
three occasions, by which he is wholly disabled,
and for which he was placed on the pension rojl
in 1844, at the rate of eight dollars per month.
He is now poor, very helpless, and decrepit. He
was a very daring and valuable soldier. At the
siege of Fort Harrison the Indians succeeded in
setting fire to one of the block-houses, which com-
municated to the roof of the soldiers' barracks.
The commanding officer called for volunteers to go
upon the roof, in point-blank shot of the enemy's
rifles, and extinguish the fire. The petitioner and
another soldier volunteered, and mounted the burn-
ing roof. His companion was instantly shot dead,
and the petitioner badly wounded. He succeeded
in extinguishing the fire. This service was, at
the time, regarded by the officers as most hazard-
ous, and of great value to the American forces.
The petitioner claims that his disability is total,
rendering him dependent; that it results from
woundg received whilst rendering most gallant,
hazardous, and valuable services; and that, in such
a case, a pension of eight dollars per month is not
sufficient.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
Senate bill (No. 447) to increase the pension of
Patrick C. Miles.
" The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
increase the pension of Patrick C. Miles to thir-
teen dollars per month, the amount of his duty
pay, the increase to take effect from the 1st day of
January, 1844, and to continue during his natural
lit'e.
From the report of the committee, which was
read, it appears that Patrick C. Miles served in
company K, of the first vegiment of infantry, in
the war with Mexico, and faithfully discharged
his duty as a soldier. At the storming of Mon-
terey his conduct was most gallant. In that en-
gagemeftt he was struck by a cannon ball and
lost his right leg; and was also struck by a piece
of a shell, whereby his right arm is partially but
permanently disabled. Because of these injuries
he was honorably discharged, and was pensioned
at the rate of eight dollars per month, which he
now receives.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 611) for the relief of William
G. Preston, late a captain in the war of the Uni-
ted States with Mexico.
The bill provides that $538,05 be paid to Wil-
liam G. Preston, late a captain m the war of the
United States against Mexico, to reimburse him
for subsisting his command and horses from Ozaik
to Washington, Hempstead county, State of Ar-
kansas.
From the report it appears that William G.
Preston was the captain of the late company II,
Arkansas mounted volunteers, in the Mexican
war; that he raised said company and enrolled it
at Ozark, in Arkansas, and marched it to Wash-
ington, in the said State, where it was mustered
into the service of the United States. It is proven
that the company consisted of seventy-nine men,
the subsistence for which, and the forage for the
horses, he furnished at his own expense, whilst
marching from Ozark to Washington, a distance
of one hundred and eighty-five miles.
The memorialist charges for eleven days' sub-
sistence of his men, at forty-five cents each per day,
and for ten days' forage of his horses, at twenty
cents each per day, making his claim amount, in
the aggregate, to $538 05.
The committee think that the charge for the
forage of the horses is proper, but that the charge
for the subsistence of the men is too high, twenty-
five cents per day being, in the opinion of the
committee, an ample price for the subsistence of a
man.
The CHAIRMAN. The commi|tee have re-
ported the following substitute for the bill:.
That the sura of $375 25 be, and the same is -hereby,
appropriated, out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, and that the same he paid to William
(;. Preston, hue acapiain m the war wtth Mexico,to reim-
burse limi for subsisting his command, and foraging the
horses of his company, from Ozark to Washington, in
Hempstead couiity, m the State of Arkansas.
The question was taken; and the^amendment
was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 707) for the. relief of George
Bush, of Thurston county, Washington Territory.
The bill provides that the claim of George Bush
to six hundred and forty acres of land in Thurs-
ton county, Washington Territory, in virtue of
his early settlement and continued residence and
cultivation, as set forth in the memorial passed
Max'ch 17, 1854, by the Legislative Assembly of
Washington Territory, be confirmed—the one
half to George Bush and the other half to his wife;
and that it shall be the duty of the surveyor gen-
eral of the Territory of Washington to designate
and , set apart the quantity of land aforesaid, to
embrace the residence and settlement of George
Bush, according to the lines of the public surveys,
and for the claim hereby confirmed, "but -not in
such a manner as to interfere with any reserve or
valid adverse right, if any such exist, to any part
of the land claimed; and upon the presentation of
a certificate from the surveyor general, designa-
ting the land which may be officially set apart
under this act, a patent shall issue, if the pro-
ceedings are found regular by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office.
The report sets forth that, by the act to create
the office of surveyor general of the public lands
in Oregon, and to provide for the survey and to
make donations to settlers of said public lands, it
is provided " that there shall be granted to every
whi te settler or occupant of the pu blic lands, Ameri-
can half-breed Indians included, above the age of
eighteen years, being a citizen of the United States,
or having made a declaration according to law of
his intention to become a citizen, or who shall
make such declaration on or before the 1st day o£
December, A. D. 1851, now residing in said Ter-
ritory, or who shall become a resident thereof on
or before the lstday of December, A. D. 1850, and
who shall have resided upon and cultivated the
same for four consecutive years, and shall other-
wise conform to the provisions of this act, the
quantity of one half-section, or three hundred and
twenty acres of land, if a single man; and if a
married man, or if he shall become married with-
in one year from the first day of December, 1850,
the quantity of one section, or six hundred and
forty acres of land, one half to himself and one
half to his wife, to be held by her in her own
.right," &c. This provision extends to all lands
in Oregon and Washington Territories, except
town sites, or lands settled for business, or trade,
school lands, or other reservations pointed out by
lav/. That, in the year 1845, George Bush, a free
mulatto, with his -wife and children, emigrated to,
and settled in Thurston county, then in Oregon,
but now in, Washington Territory, and settled
upon, and laid claim to six hundred and forty
acres of land; that he has continuously occupied
said section of land and cultivated the same; he
has put upon it a valuable farm-house and other
improvements, and that he now has the said tract
of land, or a large part of it, in a high state of
cultivation.
Bush having been excluded from the benefits of
the law granting donations of land in said Terri-
tories, the Territorial Legislature, on the 27th of
February, 1854, adopted a memorial to Congress,
asking that his case should be made an exception
to the general rule,' and that an act be passed
giving to Bush and his wife title to the section of
land so occupied and cultivated by them.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.,
House bill (No. 708) for the relief of James P.
Roan. This bill provides that James P. Roan, of
the State of Florida, be permitted to enter, at any
land office in the State of Florida, a full section
of land, or less quantity in lieu thereof, by divis-
ional lines, without making payment therefor,
provided the same shall be deemed and taken as
a full satisfaction of any and all claims of James
P. Roan, under an act of Congress entitled " An
