584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February %
act granting: donations of land to certain actual
settlers in tlie Territory of Florida," approved
May 26, 1894; and provided farther, that in his
location, he shall in no case select any tract of
land containing a less number than one hundred
and sixty acres.
From the report it appears that, by an act of the
26th of May,-1824, the Florida commissioners
were required to audit claims and the evidence in
support of claims to land, made under the act, and
founded on " actual habitation and cultivation by
men over twenty-one years of age, and heads of
families, between the 22d of February, 1819, and
June, 1821." The memorialist presents, from the
archives of the commissioners, a copy of his ori-
ginal petition for a confirmation of title to his set-
tlement, and the evidence in support of his right,
by which it appears that he was, through the
time embraced by the act, an actual settler on the
Appalachicola river, the head of a family, and over
twenty-one years of age. The commissioners
seem to have failed to report in his case, because
his lands were supposed to be covered by an in-
terference of another claim, and thus he failed to
obtain the relief the law designed to extend. Af-
terwards his land was entered as public land, and
he was evicted. The price of the land having
passed into the publicTreasury, and to the use of
the United States, his equity becomes plain—to be
reinstated in all the advantages he should have
acquired under the act of 1824.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 709) confirming a land claim to
Elijah White, of the Territory of Washington.
The bill provides that the claim of Doctor Elijah
White to six hundred and forty acres of land on
Baker's bay, near Cape Disappointment, formerly
in Oregon, now in Washington Territory, under
the act of Congress, approved September 27,1850,
creating the officeof surveyor general, and making
donations in Osegon, shall not suffer any prejudice
by reason of his absence from h>s settlement, as
Bet forth in his petition; but the claim, if in other
respects within the provisions of the act of Sep-
tember 27, 1850, shall be confirmed by the sur-
veyor general to Elijah White and his assignees,
but not to interfere with any reservation that may
be needed by the United States for light-houses or
other public uses, nor to the prejudice of any valid
adverse right, if such exists.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I would inquire of the
gentleman .from Ohio, [Mr. Nichols,] who re-
ported this bill, why it is he proposes to make
this an exception to all similar cases?
Mr. NICHOLS. Dr. White occupied the land,
and made his claim for it in the regular lorm.
But before he had completed the requirements of
the statute, necessary to entitle him to a patent
for the land, he was 'called by temporary busi-
ness to California. While there he was noti-
fied that the Government required this particular
piece of land as an appurtenance to military works
they were about erecting. In consequence of this
information he neglected to return for such a
length of time, that, when he did return, under the
decision of the surveyor general, he wa3 debarred
from his right to the land under the statute. It
has since been ascertained that the land is not
needed.by the Government, except a very small
portion for a light-house. I will state further in
reference to the circumstances of the case, if the
committee desire further information.
Several Members. That is satisfactory.
There being no further objection, the bill was
laid aside to be reported to the House, .with the
recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 570) for the relief of John R.
Bowes, agent in charge of the property of the
United States at Michigan City, in the State of
Indiana. The bill and report were read.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury to pay to John R. Bowes, of the
State of Indiana, agent in charge of the property
of the United States at Michigan City in said State,
the sum of $470 33, in payment and in full dis-
charge of all claims of said Bowes against the
United States for services as said agent.
The report states that John R. Bowes, as an
agent of the Government, was in charge of the
public works and property of the United States at
Michigan City, in the State of Indiana, from 1st
September, 1846, to the 28th March, 1849, and
again from the 26th April, 1851, to the 26th Sep-
tember, 1852, at the compensation of ten dollars
per month. This account was approved by the
chief of the Topographical Bureau, and trans-
mitted to the office of the Third Auditor, for pay-
ment out of the appropriation made by the act of
August 30, 1852, for repairs and contingencies of
harbors and rivers. This account, on being sub-
mitted to the Comptroller, and by him to the Sec-
retary of War, was rejected, for the reason that
the services were rendered before the passage of
the act, and was not properly payable out of that
appropriation.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
Mr. FULLER. I wish to state to the com-
mittee that House bill (No. 499) to refund to the
officers of the customs and others of the districtof
Passamaquoddy certain moneys, was objected to
on the last objection day by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Ready.] * It is simply to allow
a small amount of money, which was wrongfully
paid into the Treasury, to be refunded to the
officers of the customs in the district of Passama-
quoddy in the State of Maine. The schooners
L'Etang and Josephine, and the bark Phenix
were condemed for violation of the revenue laws,
and were sold. Under the existing laws the
officers of the customs were entitled to a certain
proportion of the proceeds of the sales; but,
through the error of the clerk of the distri^ court,
the money was paid into the Treasury. This
is merely to allow this money to be refunded.
The gentleman from Tennessee withdraws his
objection, and I ask that the bill may be laid aside
to be reported to the House.
Mr. LETCHER. How are we to know that
the gentleman from Tennessee withdraws his ob-
jection? He is not in the House.
Mr. FULLER. <JIe has asked leave to with-
draw it two or three times in open House.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, let it go.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Since I objected
to the bill of the Senate (No. 25(5) for the relief
of the West Feliciana Railroad, and Georgia Rail-
road and Banking Company, I have read the
report in the case, and it appears that these two
companies are all that would come within the pro-
visions of such a bill. The bill is to refund to
these railroad companies the duties paid by them
upon railroad iron imported by them prior to 1843.
I am, therefore, willing to withdraw my objection,
and allow the bill to be reported.
Mr. HILLYER. If the committee will indulge
me for one moment, I will make a statement so
plain that no one can object.
[Criesof " No !" "No!" "No objection!"]
Mr. PENNINGTON. I object.
Mr. HILLYER. If the gentleman will allow
me to make a single statement, I am sure he will
not object.
Mr.'PENNINGTON. I object to the consid-
eration of the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. House bill (No. TOG)
increasing the pension of Anthony Walton Bay-
ard, of Bellefonte, in the State of Pennsylvania,
was laid aside to be reported to the House. I
ask the committee to make a small amendmentin
it. I move to strike out the word "Walton"
where it occurs, and insert simply the initial
"W," so that it will read "Anthony W. Bayard,"
instead of "Anthony Walton Bayard." My rea-
son for wishing the amendment to be made is,
that I am not quite certain as to the middle name.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
the bill has been laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the l-ecommendation that it do pass,
and that, unless the amendment be allowed to be ;
made, the wrong name maybe inserted in. the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. If that is the state of the
case, I will withdraw my objection.
There being no objection, the amendment was
received and agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I objected to House bill
(No. 697) for the relief of the widow of W. Irving,
deceased. I believe the principle of the bill is
wrong; but the amount of money is too small to
permit it to be kept longer on the Calendar, as
we would probably have to spend five or six times
the amount of the bill. I therefore withdraw my
objection to it. -
There being no further objection, House bill
No. 697 was laid aside to be reported to the House,
with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. HENN. Since I called the attention of the
committee to House bill (No. 705) for the relief
of the assignee of bounty land warrant No. 27849,
issued to William Phillips and Sarah Connor, i
have conferred with the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Hendricks.] He is now satisfied that the
general act covers that case, and I wou:d therefore
suggest that the committee report it to the House,
with a recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let the bill go to the
House, and it can be fully examined.
Mr. HENN. It may be overlooked at that
time. X may not be here.
No further action was taken upon the bill in
question.
Mr. VANSANT. I objected to bill (No. 618)
for the relief of Richard White and Samuel Sher-
wood. I now ask the unanimous consent of the
committee to withdraw my objection.
Objected to. , *
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I appeal to the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. McMullin] to withdrawthat
motion for a moment.
Mr. McMULLIN. I withdraw it for the pur-
pose of allowing the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Hendricks] to withdraw his objeclion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If there be no objection,
I withdraw the objection which 1 made to House
bill (No. 6G9) granting a pension to Joseph Mo
Cormick.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
Mr. McMULLIN. I now renew my motion
that the committee rise, and report progress.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will withdraw his motion for a moment
longer.
Mr. McMULLIN. No, sir; I will not with-
draw it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I only ask to have justice
done to me as to others.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Vir-
ginia declines to withdraw his motion.
The question was taken; and the motion waa
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Jones, of Ten-
nessee, having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempo re, the Chairman of the committee reported
that a Committee of the Whole House had had
under consideration, according to order, the Pri-
vate Calendar, and had directed him to report the
folio wing bill, with a recommendation that it do
not pass:
A bill for the relief of George Dennett, of
Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
Also, the following bills, with amendments;
A bill to repeal an act entitled " An act for the
relief of George M. Bentley, of the State of Indi-
ana," approved August 5, 1854;
Joint resolution for the relief of George W.
McCerren;
An act for the relief of the heirs-at-law of Wil-
liam Van Wart, deceased;
A bill for the relief of William G. Preston, late
a captain in the war of the United States with
Mexico;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Thomas
Morris, deceased; and
A bill for the relief of James P. Rosn.
Also, the following bills, without amendment*?,
and with a recommendation that they do pass:
A bill to refund to the officers of the customs
and others, of the district of Passamaquoddy,
certain moneys;
An act for the relief of Don B. Juan Domercq,
a Spanish subject;
A bill for the relief of Henry H. Marsh;
A bill for the relief of E. J. McLane;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Ridgway;
Joint resolution for the relief of John Dugan;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of William A. Christian;
A bill for the relief of Sarah Morris, only heir
of Robert Mitchell, deceased;
