640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
that when the Senate adjourn to-day it be to meet
on Monday next.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that will-not be done
"We can attend the funeral and be here also. The
Senator from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] has given
notice that he intends to call up an important bill
to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stcart in
the chair.) The motion can only be received at
this time, there being another question before the
Seriate, by unanimous consent.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senate will allow me
to make the motion, and then dispose of it as they
think proper.
Many Senators. " Certainly.
The PRESIDENT. The motion will be enter-
tained, if there be no objection.
Mr. BROWN called for the yeas and nays on
agreeing to the motion; and they were ordered.
Mr. CLAYTON. Though, until this instant,
unapprised of the intention of the honorable Sena-
tor from Virginia, yet, under the painful circum-
stances in which this motion is made, I must ask
the indulgence of the Senate while 1 make a few
remarks. I was exceedingly anxious, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the Senate should meet to-morrow. I
stood pledged to call up the French spoliation bill;
and I hoped that every Senator would see the im-
portance of acting upon it speedily. But I cannot
refuse to adjourn over so as to enable Senators
to show their respect to the memory of the de-
ceased, by attending his funeral. I knew him well.
He was the representative of a sister Republic—
an American Republic. He was a man, sir, of
fine qualities of head and heart. He was eminent
and distinguished as a man of learning and ability.
We have heretofore set the example of showing
this mark of deference and respect to a foreign
monarchy. I would show no less deference and
respect to an American Republic. The Senate
adjourned over on the occasion of the death of
the representative from Russia; and I am notable
to state any ground upon which I can make a
difference in this case; and, therefore, although
most anxious to go on with the businessof this ses-
sion, I shall be compelled to vote for the adjourn-
ment until Monday, in order that the Senate may
show that respect for this individual—that respect
for the Republic which he represented—which they
formerly exhibited to the Russian Emperor, and
the memory of his Minister.
Moreover, I beg leave on this occasion, as it is
a suitable one, to advert to another fact. The dis-
tinguished gentleman who was at the head of the
Fifth Auditor's office of the Treasury Department,
one of the ablest and best officers of the Govern-
ment, is dead. I refer to Stephen Pleasanton. His
funeral takes place, as I am advised, at twelve
o'clock to-morrow. I am, sir, called upon to at-
tend that funeral by every consideration of respect
that I can entertain fora man. He had served this
Government to the entire satisfaction of every
President under whom he acted, for a period of
more than fifty years. He retained the confidence,
respect, and regard of all Administrations, under
all circumstances. He was a man who distin-
guished himself by a constant attention to the
duties of his office. He never was arraigned for
a crime or a fault. In the progress of a long life,
while at the head of the bureau over which he
presided, he saved more than $200,000, as the
official papers will show, to the Treasury of the
United States, by returning that amount as un-
necessary to be expended beyond the sums appro-
priated by Congress for light-houses alone.
I do not choose to take up the time of the Sen-
ate by going into an extended eulogy of this gen-
tleman; but, sir, I say, t say it with pride, that he
was a native and citizen of the State which I, in
part, represent here. Born within two miles of her
capital, he was one among the many of her chil-
dren who have assisted in conferring honor upon
her name. When 1 first came to this city to attend
the session of the Senate, twenty-six years ago,
he was here, high in office, commanding the re-
spect both of the outgoing and the incoming Ad-
ministrations of the Government. Those who
were then contemporary with him in office, so far
as I have any knowledge, have all gone; and
when I remember how many old friends of that
day have left us whose presence then cheered me
 when I look around this Chamber, and cannot
find upon the floor of the Senate one single indi-
vidual who served here with me during the first
six years that 1 was a member of this body, I
must say that
" I feel like one
Who treads alone,
Some banquet hall deserted ;
Whose lights are fled—
Its garlands dead,
And all but he departed !"
Mr. GWIN. I have as much respect as any
Senator for the gentleman whose funeral we have
been notified to attend, but, Mr. President, we are
sent here to perform certain duties for those whom
we represent. We have but a few days left for
the legislation of this Congress; and it is well
known that if we do not apply ourselves sedu-
lously to the business on our Calendar, it will be
impossible for us to do our duty to our constit-
uents. We spent the whole of last Friday, and,
from appearances, we shall consume to-day, in
debating the privateer General Armstrong bill, to
the sacrifice of all other private claims upon our
Calendar. To-morrow was set apart by the dis-
tinguished Senator from Delaware himself, for
another question of the greatest importance, and
which ought to be finally decided upon. If we
adjourn over to-day, Mr. President, we lose an-
other week for the discussion of the question that
ought to be decided to morrow. 1 would pay
every respect to the representatives of foreign
Governments; but I opposed such a motion as
this in the case of the Russian Minister, and it
was voted down.
Mr. MASON. No, sir.
Mr. GWIN. It was voted down the first time.
Mr. MASON. A resolution was offered, on
the occasion of the death of the Minister from
Russia, that the Senate should adjourn over from
respect to the memory of the deceased, and with
a view to attend his funeral. That was withdrawn
or voted down; but the Senate, on a bare motion,
and without assigning the reasons on the Journal,
adjourned over for that purpose.
"Mr. GWIN. Well, Mr. President, if we com-
mitted one blunder, let us not commit another.
We have not the time to adjourn over. It will be
wasting the time of the people whom we are sent
here to represent. 1 hope the motion will be voted
down.
The question was taken by yeas and nays, and
resulted—yeas 32, nays 15; as follows:
YE4P—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, liadger, Bayard, Ben-
jamin, Butler, Chase, Clay, CHjtnn, Daw-on, Dodgo of
Wisconsin, Dou-ilas, Evans, Foot, Houston, Johnson, Mal-
lory, Mason, Morion, Pearce, Feint, Pratt, ltoid, Sebas-
tian, Seward, Slulcll, Smart, dimmer, Thompson of Ken-
tucky. Toncry, Wi'ller, and Wright—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Biainerd, Brodhrad, Brown,
Dodge of Iowa, Fesseuden, Fitzp.urick, Gillette, Gvvm,
James, Jones of low.i, .ton''-' of Tennessee, Rusk, Tliom
son of New Jersey, and Wade—35.
So the motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Mo.Kf.an, Chief Clerk,
announcing that they had passed a bill to establish
the office of surveyor general of Utah, and to
grant land for school and university purposes.
PETITION.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, by unanimous con-
sent, presented the petition of Whi'.emarsh B.
Seabrook, Joseph Whaley, and others, praying
compensation for military services in South Caro-
lina during the last war with Great Britain; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
PENSACOLA DOCK.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Clay i on] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. CLAYTON, (Mr. Seward having ad-
dressed the Chair.) 1 yield to the Senator from
New York, who desires to speak on the question
which is before the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. With the consent of the
Senator from New York, I desire to offer a reso-
lution and to ask for its immediate consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Florida asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate for the reception and consideration of a
resolution. The Chair hears no objection. The
resolution will be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the resolution,
which is as follows:
Reiolvei, That the Secretary of. the Navy tie requested
to fu n sh the Senate, witli the least possible dotay, all the
correspondence between the Department and the contract-
ors for building the floating balance dock, basin, and rail-
way at the Navy Yard, Pensacola, since the test made in
the presence of ihe commission composed of Captain Josiah
Tatnall, United States Navy, Major William H. Cnase,
United States engineers, S. T. Hartt, naval constructor,
and James ilerron, civil engineer. Ah-u, all the corre-
spondence between the Department and the commandant or
r-aid navy yard respecting a second test of said dock, basin,
and railway. Also, all reports made by any commission
that may have been appointed to prescribe the manner in
which the second test should be made, and the correspond-
ence bptween the said commission and the contractors, Gil-
bert, Secor & Co.; and, also, the instructions to the second
commission appointed to witness the second test of the said
dock, basin, and railway, with the merchant ship Mon-
arch of the Sea; together with all correspondence between
the Department and the said commission, and the report of
the said commission after the test had been made.
Resolrcd, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
to furnish the Senate with his reasons for making the sec-
ond lest with a merchant ship instead of a vessel of war,
as the contract required ; and that he also inform the Senate
whether the proposition of testing the dock, basin, and rail-
way with a merchant ship instead of a frigate, came from
the Department or the contractors; and whether the con-
tractors were willing that the test should be made with a
vessel of war according to the stipulations of the contract.
The reading of the resolution was interrupted
by
Mr. GWIN. I object to the consideration of
the resolution now. What is the use of reading
it ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is too late to object.
Mr. MORTON. I asked unanimous consent
to offer it and have it considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
stated distinctly, that the Senatorasked the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to receive the resolu-
tion and consider it now; and the Chair heard no
objection to it.
Mr. GWIN. Not a member knew what it was;
and it is not a proper way to bring a question be-
fore us.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
could have objected to the reception of the resolu-
tion, and that'would have prevented its being in-
troduced to-day.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator had notified us
what was in the resolution, I should- have ob-
jected; and I do object to the reading and consid-
eration of it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides that it is too late to make the objection.
Mr. GWIN. Then I shall debate the resolu-
tion.
Mr. MORTON. Let the Secretary finish the
reading of it.
The resolution having been read, -
Mr. GWIN. Now, Mr. President, I should
like to know what question is before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the resolution. .
Mr. GWIN. What was originally proposed
by the Senator from Florida? I want to hear
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Florida, the Chair will state, rose in his
place and asked the unanimous consent of the
Senate to receive and consider 
Mr. GWIN. No sir; he asked the Senator
from New York to give way to him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will permit the Chair to state it. The Senator
from Florida asked the unanimous consent of the
Senate to receive and consider now a resolution of
inquiry. The Chair asked if there was any
objection to the proposition, and announced that
none was heard.
Mr. GWIN. Who was entitled to the floor?
And what was the question before the Senate >
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York had the floor upon the bill which
is pending before the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. Is there any right in this body
to dispose of the question now before the Senate,
unless by a motion or by common consent? The
question before us is the reconsideration of a vote
taken last week. How can another question be
before the Senate at the same time?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state to the honorable Senator that it is in the
power of the Senate, by unanimous consent, to
receive such a resolution while another question
is pending.
Mr. G WIN. Is it in order to move to adjourn ?
