1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
541
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order, because another Senator has the floor.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator is on the floor,
and it is not in order to move to adjourn, 1 insist
upon his proceeding with his speech.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order
always to move to adjourn, ifthe Senator can get
the floor to make the motion.
Mr. GWIN, Well, if the Senator from New
York has the floor, I insist that he shall go on
with his sneech.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. WELLER. Can that vote be taken if a
Senator is on the floor?
Mr. GWIN. Ifthe Senator has not the floor,
I insist that the question should be put, on the ad-
journment.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides that the Senator from New York yielded the
floor for the unanimous consent of the Senate on
this question, and the question now is on agreeing
to the resclution.
Mr. GWIN. That is positive action; and I
insist upon it, that the Senate can adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator move to adjourn ?
Mr. GWIN.' Ido.
The motion was not agreed to.
The resolution was agreed to—ayes twenty-
seven, noes not counted.
BRIG GENERAL ARMSTRONG.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill for
the relief of the claimants of the private armed
brig Genera! Armstrong was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, this case of
the owners of the privateer brig General Arm-
strong, has always seemed to me so clear that I
have never felt myself called upon to elaborate an
argument in its support, although 1 have always
cheerfully supported it. As the time of the Senate
is becoming precious, t do not intend that the very
able argument, just addressed to us by the Sena-
tor from Louisiana, shall turn me now so far out
of the way as to go into a review of all the posi-
tions which he has taken; but I barely desire that
the question on the reconsideration may not be
taken without, in the first place, stating again
fairly and distinctly the giounds on which I have
always been in favor of this bill.
It seems to me, if I may say it with great def-
erence to that honorable Senator, the mistake in
his argument consists in this—that he considers
the question from this point of view: Can the
United States excuse itself, ran u make a defense
which will excuse it, from the payment of this
claim? I look at it from a different point. I
inquire whether there is an obligation upon the
justice or the equity of the United States to pay
this claim; whether they can, consistently with
prudence and justice, and the chums of all other
citizens, audit and pay it. Taking a view fiom
this stand point, 1 find that the claim arose under
the law of nations. It was the claim of one of
the citizens of the United States against a foreign
' Power—a claim that, while the vessel was lying
in a harbor of a neutral Power, she was attacked
by a superior force of gun-boats from a J ritish
squadron m a war existing between the United
States and Great Britain; and, although she made
a gallant resistance, thatshe was overpowered and
lost, and that irreparable damage ensued to her
owners and crew. That attack, committed by the
British boats, was an act of warfare against the
United States; but thePortugueseGovernment, in
whose harbor it occurred, was responsible to the
United States, to compensate the parties aggrieved
for the injuries they had suffered by the violation
of her neutrality. This is an obligation thus es-
tablished, as I have said, by the law of nations.
There 13 another principle of the law of nations,
which comes in here, namely: thatthecitizens who
were aggrieved, and who thus obtained right of
redress against the Portuguese Government, have
go right or power to seek that redress themselves,
but they must seek it through the action of their
own Government. The Governmentof the United
States is then under an obligation—itbeina: indeed
an obligation falling within th<it class which are
called imperfect obligations in the law of nations,
but still it is an obligation on the part of the United
States to seek for, and, if possible, to obtain for
their citizens that redress from the Portuguese Gov-
ernment to which the citizens became entitled.
Then, this was a claim of individual sufferers
here against their own Government, for they can
look to no other Power, and that Governmentcan
discharge itself in no way from the performance
; of the duty of obtaining that redress, unless it can
show one of two things—either that such claim
was not founded in justice and in the law of
nations, or else that it could not, in the exercise
of common diligence and of common prudence,
obtain the redress which the citizens claimed at
its hands. The case, then, resolves itself into
these two questions: whether the Government of
{ the United States can show that the owners of the
| privateer had no claim to the redress which they
I ask; or, secondly, whether it has aQted in good
! faith, and with diligence, and with prudence, and
. has failed to obtain the remedy.
Now, what is the defense made by the honor-
able Senator for the Government of the United
States ? It is not that the claim is not just; that it
is not sanctioned by the law of nations. There is
' no question upon that subject. The Government,
from first to last, has admitted it; and it is not only
a just claim, but one attended by circumstances
of peculiar merit. These losses were incurred in
the maintaining of the naval strength and power
of the United States in a war with the mistress of
the seas. Although it happened forty years ago,
it is by all recollected that when we engaged m
that war the field where we least expected to con-
quer a peace, or to achieve a national fame, was
the ocean; and it was by the enterprise of our
merchants, and by the bravery of our privateers,
quite as largely as by the valor and prudence ot
our naval mm me, that we achieved that series of
brilliant conquests upon the ocean, which led,
more decisively than any battles upon the land, to
the establishment nf peace, and which gave us a
naval reputation that has survived to this day,and
I hope will last forever. These losses were in-
clined in the common defense of the United States.
The claim, therefore, h not only just, hut it is one
which has peculiar merit, and the Government of
the United States has admitted it from the time it
was first piesented until the present.
Then theieis but one other answer, as I have
said, which the Government can give to it, and
that is, that it dischargpd itself of the obligation
under which it lay to piosecute it, by prosecuting
it with diligence and prudence, but without suc-
cess? lias it prosecuted it with diligence? 1
think not, sir. The parties in this prosecution
were the Un ted States,a great Power, and Portu-
gal, a feeble Power. There has been no time in
which the United States has not been able, by a
declaration of war at least, to have recovered the
claim and paid it over to the claimants. The Gov-
] ernment of the United States cannot plead ina-
| bility in its behalf. The only plea of that charac-
! ter which is made is, that Portugal was so feeble
| that it would have been inconsistent with magna-
nimity in the United States to have prosecuted it
to that extremity. But, sir, the Portuguese Gov-
ernment had a claim against the British Govern-
| mcnt to indemnify it; and if the United States
, feared that it would be lacking in magnanimity to
| prosecute the claim against the Portuguese Gov-
, ernment, it had only to require the Portuguese
■ Government to make a requisition upon the Brit-
, ish Government, or the Portuguese Government
! failing, because of its inability, then to make the
I demand upon the British Government. Instead
| of this, at the time when it brought the Portuguese
' Government to a recognition of the other claims
| winch it asserted to be just in behalf of the citi-
; zens of the United States, it referred this matter
; to the arbitrament of the President of the French
i Republic. I have no doubt that when that was
; done, it was thought by the Secretary of State,
j and by the President, and by the Senate, if it was
i at all understood here, to be a wise and prudent
! transaction; but it appears that by that reference
the claim has been lost; and it appears manifestly
i also, for our records show it, that it was lost
| unjustly; that it was decided by the French Gov-
| ernment against the claimants and in favor of the
Portuguese Government, upon the ground of an
error in fact, and not upon the ground of a want
ofjustice, arid of sanction by the law of nations.
That error of fact occurred through somebody's
; fault? Whose fault was it? Not the fault"of
the claimants; because they were not allowed to
appear there and present their case. It was the
fault, then, of the (iovernment of the United
States, who so conducted the negotiation and the
arbitration that-the facts were not placed before
the arbitrator in such a way as fully to discharge
the Government from its duty as a prosecutor be-
fore the arbitrator.
This is the whole case. Then, inasmuch as
this failure has occurred through the fault of the
United States,the question arises whether it is not
just that the United States shall indemnify its cit-
izens for the losses which they sustained ? I sub-
mit that it is right that the United States should
indemnify them, in the first place, upon the ground
of this misconduct; and in the second place, upon
the ground that, inasmuch as those citizens could
not individually prosecute the Portuguese, or the
British, or their own Government, but stand
always in an attitude of supplication to their own
Government for redress, the Government itself
should see that in a case so meritorious, they
should not, through any misfortune or accident,
lose the redress to which, by the law of nations,
they were entitled from somebody, and which
they were to procure from the parties owing that
redress only through theaction ofthe Government
itself.
The honorable Senator from Louisiana admits
that there is so much merit in this case, that if it
was put upon the ground ofjustice and liberality,
he would cordially support it. He only fears that
it may become a precedent.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I beg the Senator's pardon.
I said on the ground of gratitude.
Mr. SEWARD. On the ground of gratitude.
The same defense which the Senator has made for
the Government of the United States against this
claim, would have been a good defense for the
people of the United States against the claim in
favor of General Lafayette, who was allowed the
sum of $200,000 for his services in the Revolution.
The same defense would be equally good against
the allowing of a single one of the thousands or
tens of thousands of grants of bounty land, and
against the whole pension system of the United
States. The dangers which Captain Reid incurred
and the losses which he sustained, were incurred
in the service and in the defense of our country;
and it is always right, if the Government is able,
and can do it m justice to other citizens, to ac-
knowledge and to discharge the dut> of gratitude
which the honorable Senator admits. It will,
then, be sufficient for him, in voting for this bill,
that he can place it on that ground. The bill will
stand, so far as my vote is concerned, upon the
grounds which I have stated. It will stand, as a
precedent, for just exactly what it is worth, when
all the arguments in favor of it shall be considered
in viewing it as a precedent. But what is the
danger of this precedent? The Senator tells us
there will never be another reference to arbitration
by the Government of the United States, since it
will be settled by this precedent, that the foreign
party is to pay the claim if it is awarded against
him, and thatthe Government of the United States
is to pay the claim if it is awarded against the
party. TSir, it is forty years since this claim arose,
and it stands alone. It is forty years since this
gallant achievement of the General Armstrong was
made, and since this disaster was incurred. In
that engagement the General Armstronglost three
men, the British force between two and three hun-
dred. It was a defense of one privateer against the
boats of a whole squadron in foreign seas. When-
ever such a violation of neutrality shall occur
by a foreign Power after this, and, whenever,
it shall be resisted with such gallantry as this,
then the foundation for such another case will be
laid. But does the honorable Senator expect that
vessels of the United States lying at anchor in
foreign ports are hereafter to be assailed by bel-
ligerents? No, sir; that time has gone by. It
was only in the weakness of our power, in our
infancy as a naval Power; and there is no danger
of such an occurrence again; but if it should oc-
cur, I shall be glad to believe that there will stand
upon the record the precedent that the Govern-
ment of the United States, appreciating the patri-
otism and valor of its citizens, and failing to
obtain the redress which was due from a foreign
Power, has made a liberal acknowledgment to our
citizens who thus periled their property and lives
in the public defense. But if that state of cir-
