544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2.
and remunerate him for losses which he has sus-
tained. Considering, therefore, that this is an
exceptional case, forming no precedent for any-
other, where the dental of the right to be heard
was the violation of a great principle of justice,
founded on a palpable mistake in the construction
of a treaty, and that the result of this palpable
mistake was the loss of the decision of the arbi-
trator by the claimants, I confess I think I have
made out a case which justifies me in voting for
this btH, although, i admit the other principles
which have been stated by the honorable Senator
from Louisiana.
Mr. CLAY FON. If the Senate will indulge
me in a few remarks, it will not take me many
minutes to say what I should have said when I
obtained the floor before, for the purpose of reply-
ing to the honorable Senator from Louisiana, but
yielded it to other gentlemen. Thecase has been
so abiy argued that 1 might rest it without saying
a single word more in supportof the claim; but as
the gentleman from Louisiana addressed part of
his argument to nv, in reply to principles which
I have assumed, and endeavored to maintain in
the course of the discussion, I must be pardoned
now for making, very briefly, some rejoinder to
what he said in relation to those principles.
I undertook to state it as a principle—independ-
ent of the ground which my colleague [Mr. Bay-
aku] *lns so ably sustained—that when a private
claimant laid his claim in the hands of the State
Department of this Government for prosecution,
tt was competent for that Department either to
prosecute the claim or not, as it should seem fit;
but that, having undertaken to prosecute the
claim, then if it took a step so important, so vital
to the interests of the claimant, as an arbitration,
it was bound to obtain his consent to that step,
which is altogether out of the usual course, or at
its pleasure to drop the claim, and abandon it
altogether. No such alternative as that which
honorable gentlemen have presented here ever oc-
curred m this case There never was any such
alternative offered as war or arbitration, or war or
payment of the claim. The honorable gentleman
has been misled by what has been said by others
in the course of the discussion, when he assumes
that war was threatened by the Government lor
the non-paymentof this claim. This is not so, air.
The whole extent of what he calls a threat was
this; The Government of Portugal was officially
informed that unless this and other claims were
settled, which they had neglected for thirty years,
the whole matter would be referred to Congress to
decide what course to adopt, and that the Execu-
tive would submit to their decision. That is the
whole of this alleged or pretended threat of war.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the honorable Sena-
tor permit me to ask him if I misunderstood him
the other day in the statement that American
armed ships appeared in the Tagus to back the
negotiations, and that our Minister at Lisbon de-
manded his passports?
Mr. CL4YTON. No, sir. The gentleman
refers to another matter. Some time before this,
one of the American ships entered the harbor of
Lisbon. She entered there, not to make threats,
and she made none. She entered there for the
purpose of bringing away the Minister, who had
exhausted all the argument in the cause, the Gov-
ernment of Portugal still having persevered in
refusing to pay any of the claims. What was the
character of the claims? The honorable gentle-
man feels as strong a love for his country as I do.
He remembers, undoubtedly, as well as I do,
the course which Portugal adopted towards this
country during the last war with Great Britain.
He, and every other Senator here, never can for-
get the conduct of Portugal when the Constitution
frigate, having captured the Cyane and the Levant,
in fair battle, carried ihe Levant under the guns
of the batteries at Porta Praya, and when three
British ships appeared off the harbor, of superior
force to the Constitution, for the purpose of
cutting her out with her prize, the officers of
Portugal, instead of aiding and attempting to pro-
tect her, fired upon her as she left the harbor.
That was the manner in which Portugal showed
her neutrality during the whole war. A greater
outrage could hardly be perpetrated by one nation
on another. Then comes this case, and others,
one of which permit me to state. A New Eng-
land captain, and owner, too, of a ship, entered
the harbor of Lisbon, with several boxes of specie I
in the hold of his vessel. They took the' specie
from the vessel, carried it away, and appropriated
it to the purposes of the Government, and refused,
for the space of thirty years, to pay one dollar
back to the man, until, broken down by his mis-
fortunes, he sunk into the grave, leaving only his
widow to complain. They never intended to pay.
Their own judicial tribunals, in that case, decided
against them; they decided that the Government
of Portugal was bound to pay for the specie taken
from the hold of that vessel, and yet they would
not pay one dollar. There were other cases not
less aggravating. Under these circumstances, the
Government was bound either to abandon the
pretension that it supported the claims and the
rights of its own citizens, or to do something to
vindicate the honor of the Government, as well as
to prosecute the claims. The national vessel to
which 1 have alluded went into the harbor of
Lisbon, but no threat was made; war was never
threatened.
1 now come back to the argument of the hon-
orable Senator from Louisiana, to which I was
replying. He assumes, that at the moment when
this claim was referred to arbitration, without the
knowledge or consent of the claimant, as it un-
questionably was, the position of the Government
was such that it.was either compelled to arbitrate
the claim, or be dishonored by dropping it—dis-
honored, he says, because it had made a threat of
war. Sir, there was no such threat of war. The
Government could not have been dishonored by
dropping it at that moment any more than it
would have been dishonored by dropping it at any
previous period. The Government, if it chose,
need not have abandoned it; it was not necessary
to abandon it. It might have said, "under exist-
ing circumstances, we cease to prosecute the claim
until a more convenient season; we do not choose
to go on with this matter now, it can rest as it
has rested for twenty or thirty years." But, the
alternative of war or arbitration never was pre-
sented, so that that portion of the honorable gen-
tleman's argument, which was presented in the
strongest view, lacks a foundation upon which to
rest. There was no threat of war.
Now, Mr. President, all that 1 undertake to say
in regard to it is, that the Government should not
have referred such a claim as this to arbitration
without the knowledgeor consentof the claimant;
and that it could have dropped it, and never was
compelled to go to war about it. But, sir, what
did it do ?' It referred it; and the honorable gen-
tleman maintains that, after referring it, it went
on, and entered into a treaty with the Portuguese
Minister, by the very terms of which this Gov-
ernment was not allowed to send forward an argu-
ment or statement in behalf of the claimants to
vindicate their claim. Take that which the gen-
tleman presented as his own argument. Is that
so 5 Is it true that this Government made a treaty
which prevented the citizen from presenting his
case to the arbitrator? Assume the premises of
the gentleman, and the whole superstructure that
he raised upon them falls to the ground at once.
You make a treaty referring a case without the
knowledge or consentof the claimant, and in your
treaty you bind yourself that he shall not defend
his claim before the arbitrator ! Are you not an-
swerable under such a state of facts? if not,
under what possible state of circumstances could
you be answerable?
Mr. President, my honorable friend from Lou-
isiana commenced h is argument by saying that this
was an alarming precedent; that there was some-
thing unexampled m it. I beg leave to say in the
kindest and most courteous language to my friend,
that I humbly conceive the course which hecnose
to adopt in this case wassomewhatunprecedented.
When the yeas and nays were called, and the bill
was about to be carried, the honorable Senator
voted in favor of the claim, and avowed that he
did so m order that he might have an opportunity
to offer some amendments. We have waited from
that day until now for those amendments, and
what are they ? The honorable Senator does not
propose amendments, but proposes to destroy the
bill utterly. Be goes against the whole principle
on which the bill is founded. He denies that there
is any justice sn it. He says that the maintenance
of such a precedentas this will ruin the Treasury.
T submit to him that if this thing be done in such
a case as the present, it may be done in any other
case.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no intention of re-
plying; and, therefore, I wish to say a word now,
in order that my position may be understood.
Mr. CLAYTON, i yield for explanation.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have had no opportunity
of offering an amendment to the billj but I stated,
in the course of my remarks to tne Senate, that
if the bill could be so changed as, by striking out
all after the enacting clause, to substitute, as an
amendment, the paying of a, sum of money to
these officers—the sum stated in the bill, if its
friends thought they could carry that amendment
—as a testimonial of public gratitude, and an
acknowledgment of the public services rendered
by Captain Reid, his officers and crew, J would
vote for it. I said that I considered the bill, in its
present shape, as committing us to a precedent
which I considered dangerous. The amendment
to which I have alluded, I shall offer myself, or I
shall leave the friends of the bill to frame it, if the
reconsideration is allowed.
Mr. CLAYTON. The honorable gentleman
is willing to vote for something as an acknowledg-
ment to Captain Reid and his officers, of the glo-
rious action in which they were engaged. Now,
sir, what is the bill on the table? In effect and
substance it amounts to the same thing. Call it
what you please, it is intended to be a testimonial
of the nation's gratitude, an acknowledgment of
the services, the brilliant deeds of those patriotic
and daring sailors.
Sir, I know that these men are not all to whom
this Government is bound to look.when acting
upon this matter. Sailors in future wars will
regard the precedent established, and the course of
action of their Government in i elation to this pri-
vateer, with anxious attention. They will see, if
the bill passes, that this Government is determined
to maintain their rights in neutral ports; that if,
by means of an error, those rights have been sacri-
ficed, the Government will make the acknowledg-
ment of the error and pay them. I hold that it
is a great principle which is involved in this bill,
so far as relates to our naval marine. No case
more brilliant than thiscan ever offer again. Aye,
sir, I say now, as I have said before, that I do not
think this will be exactly a precedent for anything
else, for I do not believe there will ever occur
again an instance equal to this, exhibiting the
courage, patriotism, and perseveranc^of Ameri-
can sailors under the most desperate circumstances.
Surrounded by a British squadron containing
thousands of troops, transports, one or more lme-
of-battle ships, frigates, sloops-of-war, closing up
the harbor, most men, seeing the force about to
be opposed to them was overwhelming, would
have abandoned the Hag and gone ashore; but
what did they? Sir, with a perfect, knowledge
that the odds against them were as twenty to
one, they resolved to stand by the flag while they
had life. The British attacked them between
ten and twelve o'clock at night in boats, and as
they advanced they were hailed. They advanced
to the attack. The President of France has de-
cided that those m the boats were the persons upon
whom the aggression was made. Why, sir, on
your table, among the evidences, is a letter of the
Governor of Fayal, in which he writes to the
British Admiral, remonstrating against the inten-
tion which he had avowed that day before the bat-
tle, to attack this privateer, and cut her out. Yet,
in the face of the Admiral's own reply, in the face
of the testimony of the Governor of Fayal, you
have the decision of this Prince President, that
our privateer fired upon her boats, and not her
boats fired upon the privateer.
There is another thing to which, it seems to
me, gentlemen have not attended. They certainly
have not read the evidence. Among the testi-
mony presented, if testimony was presented at
all, to the Prince President, was the evidence of
every sailor and officer on board the Armstrong,
that those boats, as they advanced, after they were
hailed, fired on the privateer first. The Prince
President not only ignored all that evidence, but
he has decided that all our officers and men were
perjured Nothing short of that could have main-
tained such a decision as he made in this case,
that we fired upon them first. Now, can any human
being believe that a small privateer, with only
ninety-three men, would havefired on, and invited
an attack from, the boats of so many ships and
soldiers as there were in that British fieet?
Mr. President, there are many points which I
