1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
547
Mr. H1LLYER. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, and the House, to indulge me in a
brief explanation.
The SPEAKER. If not objected to, the gen-
tleman can make a statement.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I will say to
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Reese,] that I
would withdraw the objection with much pleas-
ure, but 1 feel bound to object, for the reason that
I am opposed to all class legislation. A general
law would be much less objectionable to me than
such a measure as this. Another reason is, that
I cannot now, and never could, see the propriety
of making a distinction in favor of railroad iron,
against all other iron or other articles. I cannot,
therefore, withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER. If not objected to, the gen-
tleman from Georgia will now be allowed to make
a statement to the House.
No objection was made.
Mr. I1ILLYER. My statement will be very
brief, and I can speak from my own knowledge
of the history of this transaction, so far as it re-
lates to the Georgia Railroad and Banking Com-
pany. In 1832 the Congress of the United States
passed an act authorizing that the duties on rail-
road iron should be remitted, upon its being made
to appear at the Treasury that the railroad iron
thus imported had been actually laid down for
use. That act continued in force for eleven years,
and during its operation, the West Feliciana Rail-
road, and the Georgia Railroad Company were
organized and went into operation. I do not
know anything about the history of the West
Feliciana Railroad; but I know that the Georgia
Railroad and Banking Company was composed of
the most substantial capitalists in our State. The
capital of the company, amounting to about four
millions of dollars, was actually paid in, in cash.
And, with the funds and resources of the compa-
ny this iron was purchased in the foreign market,
imported, and laid down as fast as the company
could do it. But after having bought the iron
under the act of ]832, and with the clear right
under that act to have the duty remitted upon
laying down the iron, and before they had been
able to complete the road, which is nearly one
hundred and ninety miles in length, the limitation
prescribed by an act of 1843, within which iron
imported under the act of J83*2 should bo laid
down, expired; so that they were not entitled to
have the duty refunded to them, because they
were not able to lay down the iron by the time
prescribed by the act of 1843, although they had
ordered it, and it was being shipped to this coun-
try, and was actually laid down for use very soon
after its reception. Every railroad company in
the United States, so far as I have been able to
learn, similarly situated, has already been re-
lieved ; and, in the case of one railroad company in
Pennsylvania, the duty was remitted in favor of
the securities of the company on the very day
that the limitation in the act of 1843 took effect.
Every other company that I have heard of has been
relieved. These two companies have applied for
relief again and again, during the last ten years,
and six: times a bill in favor of the Georgia Rail-
road and Banking Company has passed theSenate
unanimously. It has, several times, passed this
House, but owing to the accidents incident to
legislation, it has never been got through both
Houses of the same Congress. It is, at present,
buried in the Committee of the Whole House,
and is, therefore, likely to be again lost. I do
hope, therefore, that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania will withdraw his objection, and I will im-
mediately call the previous question, so that the
bill may be passed at once without obstructing the
business of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. 1 desire to say
that the gentleman from Georgia is entirely mis-
taken when he supposes that my course upon
this subject is influenced by local interests, or by
local feelings. Sir, if I were called upon to-day
to record my vote upon a proposition to exempt
a railroad company in Pennsylvania from the pay-
ment of duty upon railroad iron, I would vote
against it emphatically.
There is another statement which the gentleman
has made, in which I wish to correct him. He
seemed to throw out the idea that the objectors to
these bills, for the remission of the duty on rail-
road iron, are protectionists. Sir, a greater mistake
never was conceived of. The very gentlemen who
were in power at the time that the act of 1832 was
passed were protectionists, and that was the party
that exempted railroad iron from duty. I am no
protectionist. I am for equality of taxation. If
a general law is proposed putting everything sub-
ject to taxation for revenue upon the same footing
of equality, I shall not object to it. I am in favor
of a revenue standard. I do not want more reve-
nue produced than is absolutely necessary for an
economical administration of the Government. I
object to this bill, not upon the principle of pro-
tection, but because 1 think that railroad iron
should be placed upon the same footing with all
other subjects of taxation.
I am not familiar with the facts of this particu-
lar case, but even if it be true, as the gentleman
states, that bills have been passed by Congress
for the relief of companies similarly situated, then i
I can only say to my friend from Georgia, that two
wrongs will never make a right. If one such bill
had got through by class legislation, I know rny
friend from Georgia never would appeal to me in
a similar case for my vote, if the first, in my judg-
ment, was wrong.
Mr. HILLYliR. I hope the gentleman will
now withdraw his amendment.
Mr. EDGERTON. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania declines to withdraw
his objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania will allow me to make a
brief explanation.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I have no ob-
jection to that.
Mr. EDGERTON. Nothing is to be gained
by it if the gentleman insists on his objection. I
therefore move that the House resolve itself into
a Committee of the Whole Ilouse on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will it be in order, Mr.
Speaker, to move that the House do now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ' If so, I make that motion.
Mr. REESE. 1 hope the House will first dis-
pose of this question.
The SPEAKER. The motion first in order,
is that submitted by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Edguutov,] to go into a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (to Mr. Edoer-
tun!.) The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Jones J has withdrawn his objection to the bill, to
allow me to make an explanation.
The SPEAKER. Explanation can only be
made by unanimous consent.
Mr. WHEELER. Then I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask that the question be
put to the House.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish the House to accord
me one moment to make an appeal.
Mr. WHEELER. I object; and insist ori the
regular ordei of business.
Mr. HAVEN. I want to state to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Eoouiiton,] .and to the
House, that the subject which 1 desire to bring
before the House, relates to the Private Calendar,
and is, therefore, legitimate in this place.
Mr. EDGERTON. 1 understand that very
well; bat the bill cannot be taken from a Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Calen-
dar, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Jones] insists on his objection; therefore nothing
can be gained by continuing tins discussion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. He has with-
drawn it for the purpose of explanation.
Mr. HAVEN. I appeal to the House to give
me a moment's hearing.
Mr. LILLY. I objectto anything further with
regard to this bill.
Mr. HAVEN. It is not with reference to that
bill that I desire the courtesy of the House. The |
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Edgerton,] and the i
gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Lnxi,] are j
both unadvised of what I desire to ask of the j
House; but it is not, as they seem to think, in ref- ,
erence to the railroad iron bill. That matter is [
now out of the way; and if the House will permit ;
me, I will swing into order. AH I ask is to be ;
heard one moment. j
[Cries of "Yes!" "Yes!"] j
Mr. HAVEN. I would like to have the House i
take up a private bill for the benefit of a woman, j
who is'now staying in this city. I do not ask it j
to pass the bill, but simply to pass upon it, so as '
to let her either stay or go. I allude to Senate
bill No. 285, reported from the Committee on
Military Affaire, which is an act for the relief of
the heirs of Brigadier General R. P. Mason. It
being a private bill, if the House would now take
it up, or dispose of it one way or other, it would
be, in my opinion, engaged in a good work.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio, and the House, agree to the proposition of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven ?]
Mr. COBB. I have a measure here which I
desire to report, in which over a thousand widows
are deeply interested. [Laughter.]'
Mr.EDGERTON. I insist on my motion to go
into a Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar, and on that motion I ask the yeas
and nays.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. So that
the House may understand on what it is about to
vote, I ask the Speaker what the first bill on the
Calendar is'
[Cries of "Order! " " Order! "]
Mr. EDGERTON. I object to the gentleman
from Illinois asking any such question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STRAUB. 1 ask if it is not in order to
inquire what the first bill on the Private Calendar
is ?
Mr.EDGERTON. It is not in order. I object
to it.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
inquiry is not in order. But every gentleman
can understand the matter as well as the Chair
can.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 77; as follows;
YBA?—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis
Alh n, Ball, Belcher, Bliss, Boyce. Brecltinndge, Bridges,
UrMow, Crooks, Oa<kie, Chamberlain, Claik, Cobb, Cor-
n-in, Cox, Crocker, John G. Davis,Thomas Davis, Di?ney,
Dunbar, Eddy, Edgerton, Edmundson, Ellison, Everhart,
Flagler, Florence, Fuller, Grey, Aaron Harlan, Haven,
Hetidiicks, Ilenn, Ilienter, Iiill, Howe, Johnson, Roland
Jones, Kittredgc, Lamb, Lane, Lilly, Lindsley, Mace,
May,Meaoharn,Middlesvvarth,Moiri son, Murray, Nichols,
Mordecai Oliver, Peckham. Powell, Pratt, Preston, Ready,
David Ritchie, Thomas llitehey, Robbtns, Russell, Sew-
ard, Seymour, Simmons, Singleton, William Smith, Fred-
erick P. Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Ilestor L. Stevens,
Andrew Smart, David Stuart, John J. Taylor, Teller,
ThutMon, Trout. Upham, Walsh, WelN, Tappau Went-
woith, \Ve«?ihrook, "VVitte, Hendriek B. Wiight, yates, and
Zollicoil'er—85.
N A \ S— iMesfcrs. Appleton, Ashe, Barkedale, Barry, Ben-
n^t, Benson, Boeoek, Bung, Campbell, Carpenter, Chand-
ler, Chase, Chastam, Chrismao, Chngman, Cook, Cnllom,
Dawson, Eastman, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, John M.
Elliott, Gihendge, Farley, Faulkner, Franklin, Gamble,
Goodwin, Greenwood, Andrew J. IJarlan, Hastings, nib-
bard, lhlher, Houston, Hunt, Daniel T. Jones, Geoige W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kent, Knox, Kurtz, Letcher,
McDousjall, Matteson, Mayall, Morgan, Noble, Norton,
OUK Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peek, Pennington, John
Perkins, Phelps, Phillip?, Pnnsle, Puryear, Reese, Rowe,
lluflin, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Shaw, Skelton, Samuel A.
Smith, George \V. Smyth, Straub, JohnL. Taylor, Na-
thaniel G. Taylor, Vansant, Wade, VValley, Eliihu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, and John Wentworth—77.
So the House resolved itself into a Committee,
of the Whole House on ihe Private Calendar,
(Mr. Greenwood in the chair,)
INTRODUCTION OF A BILL.
Previously to the Chairman taking his seat,
Mr. CASKiE said: I desire to ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to report a bill from
the Committee on the Judiciary, in order that it
may take its place on the Private Calendar. I
should have reported it yesterday, but I did not
happen to have the papers with me.
There being no objection, the following bill was
read a first and second time by its title, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed:
Bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Joseph Nourse, deceased.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The CHAIRMAN. The first bill on the Cal-
endar is a bill for the relief of Samuel Colt.
Mr. FLORENCE. It is known that the com-
mittee yesterday commenced at the middle of the
Calendar; and as it is probable, indeed, that we
will not get up the consideration of private bills
on another objection day during the remainder of
this session, I would suggest to the commitfee that
we begin at the top of the Calendar and go through
it, passing those bills to which no objection will
be made. That course will relieve the committee
much, very much, indeed, and will enable us to do
