548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February %
justice to claimants who are waiting here, asking
relief from the Government.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
has no right to do that. Only the House can
make such an order. Besides, every bill on the
Calendar has been heretofore called on objection
days, and has been objected to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I would state to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, that thei-e is a bill on the
Calendar to which, as I understand, no objection
has been made. I allude to the bill for the relief
of Mr. Myerle.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
there are some twenty bills upon the Calendar
which were not passed upon yesterday.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. X suppose that the
next calling of the Calendar should be commenced
at the beginning, and I insist upon that course
being pursued now.
Mr. FLORENCE. On last private objection
day 
Mr. EDGERTON, (interrupting.) I rise to a
question of order. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Florence] is not discussing any
point regularly befoie the committee. I call for
the regular order of business.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 am merely making a
personal explanation, a privilege which seems to be
conceded generally to every member on this floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will proceed to
have taken up the first bill on the Calendar.
Mr. FLORENCE. I was about to slate that,
on the last objection day, 1 was absent from the
House by indisposition 
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. FLORENCE. May I not have an oppor-
tunity to make a personal explanation ?
[Cries of " Certainly." "Go on;" and "Or-
der!" "Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. Objection being made, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania cannot be allowed
to proceed.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it possible that objec-
tion has been made by any gentleman on this floor
to my making a personal explanation ?
The CHAIRMAN. Objection has been made.
Mr. FLORENCE. By whom >
Mr. WHEELER and Mr. WALSH, (rising
in their seats.) I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I think that the gentleman
from New York owes it to me to withdraw his
objection.
Mr. WHEELER. I withdraw it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire merely to explain.
[Cries of " Order!" "Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. Objections are made all
around to the gentleman's proceeding; and the
gentleman must take his seat.
Mr. WALSH. The Chair has informed the
gentleman when he was called to order, tnat he
must take his seat; and it is only an aggravation
for him to remain standing. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. T understood the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wheeler] to with-
draw his objection, and I supposed that I was m
erder. ,
The CHAIRMAN. But objections have been
made by other gentleman. .
• The business first in order is the consideration
- of House bill (No. 59) for the relief of Samuel
The bill was then read through by the Clerk. _
Mr. PECK. Is it m order to move to lay this
bill aside informally ? .
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman has aright
to make that motion.
Mr PECK. I then make that motion.
Mr! PRATT. I wish that the House would
indulge me a few moments in explanation of this
blThe CHAIRMAN. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the gentleman from Connecticut
should be beard ?
[Cries of" Agreed !" " Agreed !" from all parts
of the House.] t
Mr. PRATT. This matter seems to have been
made one of very great importance—so much so,
as to have occasioned the appointment of a select
committee, which has been acting, or attempting
to act, more or less, during the last and present
sessions of Congress.
Mr. HIBiJARD. I rise to a question o, order.
A motion has been made by the gentleman from
New York to lay aside this bill informally.
Mr. WHEELER. The gentleman from Con-
necticut has had the unanimous consent of the
House to proceed with his remarks.
Mr. HIBBARD. My point of order relates;to
the question of priority of business.
Mr. PRATT. I am entitled to the floor, and
I have a right to call the gentleman from New
Hampshire to order. [Laughter.] I do not de-
sire to embarrass the proceedings of the commit-
tec
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to say,
in reply to the geatleman from New Hampshire,
who has raised a quesiion of order, that he under-
stood thegentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Pratt]
was occupying the floor by unanimous consent.
Mr. HIBBARD. I wish to ascertain how this
is. I understand that, according to the rules of
the House, a question relating to the priority of
business is not debatable. I have a right to raise
a question of order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The rules to which
the gentleman from New Hampshire refers relates
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and does not affect proceedings in a Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will again state
that the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Pratt]
is occupying the floor by unanimous consent.
Mr. PRATT. I understand that 1 have the
unanimous consent of the House to make a few re-
marks in relation to this case. I will be very brief.
I have no desire, Mr. Chairman, to embarrass
the proceedings of this body, either in the House
or in committee. I have occupied the time of this
House but seldom during the last or present ses-
sion of Congress. Cut this is a matter in which
I have a personal interest, [laughter,] because the
reputation of a personal friend of mine is at stake;
that is all the interest I have in this matter; that,
to me, is enough. For what doe3 Colonel Colt
apply? For an extension of his patent for making
fire-arms. He comes before this body, as any
American citizen has a right to do, asking for
what he believes to be right and just. Colonel
Colt has been charged indirectly, if not directly,
with doing what is not becoming an honorable
man. I take occasion, in my place here, to deny
that he has himself, either directly or indirectly,
done anything which would be unbecoming the
character of any gentleman upon this floor, or any
gentleman in this country. He has been charged
with using improper outside means and influences
to accomplish his object; he has been charged
with attempting to bribe members upon this floor.
Before proceeding further,! should like to have
the gentleman rise in his place, if '.here is such a
j one here, who has been bnbed, [great laughter,]
I or upon whom bribery has been attempted, by
money or anything else. I say, with all respect
to the committee, and to the individuals composing
1 it, that I look upon this whole movement as re-
I fleeting upon the character of this House. I do
I notknow an individual upon this floor who could
I be bribed. 'If there is such a one, I am sorry for
| it, and sorry for the district he represents. _ Mr.
I Colt was desirous of procuring the extension of
I his patent—a fact that every gentleman upon this
! floor knows. His attorney, Mr. Dickerson, who
had charge of the matter, may have acted un-
wisely. He, doubtless, pursued such a course as
he deemed advisable, with a view to accomplish
the desired object; such a course as those inter-
ested in similar projects have felt themselves bound
to take, in order to success. [Laughter.] I have
but a slight acquaintaace with Mr. Dickerson,
but from what I know of him, I believe him to be
a high-minded gentleman. I cannot believe he
would be guilty of anything dishonorable. I am
satisfied he has conducted this matter fairly.
A partial report was made the other day by
the committee appointed to investigate thematters
connected with this arid other cases. In that re-
port, IVfr. Chase, who occupies a seat on this floor
as reporter, was referred to, and I beg leave to
read some of his testimony before the committee.
Here is a portion of it:
" Sir. W. B. Chase. Iwing duly sworn, testifies as fol-
low : ,
" ClMslionhj Mr. Eliot Have you been engaged as agent
or attorney, or otherwise, 10 aid the parage ot Colonel
Colt's application before Congress for an extension ol lus
patent?   . ,
*■' Jlnswer —Early in the session Colonel Clemens rem)ne-
ed me of the intimacy lhat had existed between Colonel Colt
and myself, and asked me if I would assist him (Clemens)
in furthering Colonel Colt's interests. I replied, I would
do socheeriully.'
'< Question by Mr. Eliot.—Whether or not were yon Re-
tained for that purpose; and if so, will you please state the
service which you were to render, and the compensation
paid or to be paid, and whether or not that condensation
was absolute or contingent?
" Jinswer.—I was not retained. The kind of service was
not designated. No rate of compensation was named.
No aliusion was made to compensation at all.
Now, Mr. Chairman, that the House may know-
how liable a committee is to be deceived by testi-
mony presented to it, and how the House itself
may be deceived by such testimony. I take occa-
sion to state that Colonel Colt was in this city a
fortnight since, on business not at all connected
with his patent extension. In speaking of Mr.
Chase, he declared to me that he did not know
him; had never seen him that he was aware of;
and could not point him out if he was mixed up
with half a dozen persons. I understand from
Colonel Clemens, that Mr. Chase was entirely
mistaken and incorrcct in his statement, so far as
he is concerned; that he never made any such re-
mark as Mr. Chase attributes to him.
I only instance this to show how very liable
committees are to be deceived by testimony brought
before them. My main object is to defend Mr.
Colt's reputation, which, to hirn, is dearer than
money, or any advantage which this Congress
could confer upon him He has been traveling in
Europe, and is there treated with marked attention,
as he deserves to be, wherever he may happen to
go. I know him well, and I know him to be a
high-minded, honorable man, above suspicion,
and one of the very last men in this world who
would do a mean act.
If those who have been inclined to aid Colonel
Colt in procuring an extension of his patent have
pursued a course which some gentlemen on this
floor think ought not to have been pursued,
why blame Colonel Colt? He has no hand in it
in any way whatever.
All that Colonel Colt desires is a fair expression
of opinion on the part of Congress. If a majority
of the members of this body are in favor of ex-
tending his patent, of course he would like to have
it done; but if a majority are opposed to it, so be
it, only let him know it. Mr. Colt does not de-
sire to have this thing hanging along, and remain
unsettled. He wants it decided one way or the
other; and it does seem to me that there can be no
valid reason why a vote should not be taken, and
a decision made. *
If I understood the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Letcher,] with whom I had some conver-
sation upon this subjecta few days since, he exon-
erated Mr. Colt from having done anything him-
self dishonorable. He has nothing to complain of
against him as an individual, in connection with
this matter. 1 wish the gentleman from Virginia
was in his seat. I understood him to say he had
no objection to having that committee discharged,
so far as Colonel Colt's patent is concerned.
I do not desire to occupy the time of the com-
mittee any further than is necessary, and as I re-
marked before, my chief object was to exonerate
Colonel Colt from anything unbecoming a high-
minded and honorable man, and having done so,
I ask the committee to vote upon the question,and
thus settle it.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Rowe,] to pass over this bill informally, for the
present.
Mr. CLTNGMAN. I do not see the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] in his seat, but he
told me, a week ago, that he wanted to ray some-
thing upon this subject, and I do not know 
Mr. CAMPBELL, (interrupting ) i rise for
the purpose of saying that, in my judgment, we
might as well decide this case.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remark
! that discussion is not in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 beg pardon of the Chair,
I but I believe discussion of the question ism order.
I The CHAIRMAN. It is merely a question as
1 to whether the bill shall be passed by.
] Mr. CAMPBELL. And it is upon that ques-
: tion that I am spe iking.
I The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds it not
; debatable at all. Thegentleman from Comieeti-
' cut [Mr. Pratt] occupied the floor by unanimous
ij consent.
ij Mr. WALSH. And I object to any one fol-
li lowing his example.
