M85.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
549
Mr. CAMPBELL, I think it is in order to
make a remark upon it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not think
that this can be regarded as a question of priority
of business; and consequently, it does not come
under that rule which requires such questions to
be decided without debate. This is a motion to
lay aside the bill. Now, what is the order of the
House, by the 29th and 30th rules? They pro-
vide that Friday and Saturday, in every week
shall be set apart for the consideration of private
bills and private business, in preference to any
other, unless otherwise determined by a majority
of the House; and that on the first and fourth
Friday of each month, the Calendar of private
bills shall be called over; and the bills to the pas-
sage of which no objection shall then be made,
shall be first considered and disposed of.
You take up that Calendar, and what authority
has this committee to pass over the bill which they
find first upon the Calendar? Rule 135, which
authorizes the committee to passover bills, applies,
in express terms, to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and not to a Committee
of the Whole House. The question of priority
of business arises, when one member can say
that a certain measure has precedence, and another
says something else has precedence, and in such
cases the House must decide the question which
has the priority, and that without debate.
Mr. ORR. If this bill is postponed, it will only
give way to something else, and my opinion is,
we may as well proceed with this.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark
to the gentlemen from Ohio and Tennessee, that
whether he is right or not, the committee have
heretofore entertained this motion,and acted on a
principle different from that stated. The Chair
entertains the motion now.
Mr. PRATT. I ask unanimous consent of the
committee thatthegentlemanfrom North Carolina
[Mr. Clingman] be allowed to make a statement
in reference to the gentleman from^Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher.]
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion is out of order.
The question is upon the motion of the gentleman
from New York, to informally pass by this first
bill upon the Calendar.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to amend the mo-
tion of the gentleman from New York so that it
will b® to lay the bill aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chaii is of the opin-
ion that thegentleman's amendmentcf the motion
of the gentleman from New York is not in order.
Mr.ROBBlNS. Certainly not, sir; for itcoun-
terncts the effect of the motion.
The CHAIRMAN. It brings the committee to
a vote directly upon the bill.
Mr. HIBBARD. I ask for the reading of the
113th and 134th rules.
The Clerk read the rules, as follows:
" 113. All questions relating to the pnoiity of business
to be actcd on, s>hall be deckled without debate."
" KM. The rules of proceedings m the Moum; jOkiII be
observed a Committee of the Whole; House, «o l.ir as
they may be applicable, except the rule limiting the times
of speaking; but no member shall apeak nvice to any ques-
tion, until every member chosing to fcpeak, shall have
fcpoken."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark
to the gentleman from New Hampshire, that
whether his decision is right or wrong, it has been
acted on heretofore.
Mr. EDGERTON. There can be no question
of priority in this case. There is no conflict be-
tween this and any other bill upon the Calendar;
and according to the I35th rule, must be first con-
sidered; as between this and any otherbill upon the
Calendar there can be no question.
Mr. WALSH. I object to discussion. The
Chair has decided debate to be out of order. 1
have objected, and I call upon the Chair to enforce
his decision.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Chair insists on his
decision, and I therefore respectfully take an ap-
peal from it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Pf.ck] moved that the first bill
upon the Calendar be laid aside informally. The
Chair entertained the motion.
M r. EDG ERTON. I would state that a motion
to lay a bill informally aside, is not a regular
motion
The CHAIRMAN. It has been entertained
heretofore.
Mr. EDGERTON. Rule 135th requires that
bills shall be considered in the order in which they
are placed on the Calendar.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is outof order. Ap-
peal has been taken from the decision of the Chair.
The Chair will state the grounds of the appeal. The
gentleman from New York moved that the bill be
laid aside informally. The motion having been
entertained heretofore, the Chair has entertained
it in this instance. From the decision of the Chair
the gentleman from Ohio takes an appeal. The
question now is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I am of the impres-
sion that the Chair is somewhat in error. I un-
derstand the gentleman from Ohio to move to
amend the motion of the gentleman from New
York.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not the proposi-
tion before us. The Chair decided it out of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair that the question is not de-
batable.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I desire to
know, Mr. Chairman, on what question it is we
are to vote. I understand that the gentleman from
Ohio proposes to debate the motion to lay the bill
aside informally. The Chair decides it is not in
order to do so.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not un-
derstand that to be the question pending.
Mr. EDGERTON. As I understand, the effect
of this vote will be to test the sense of the
committee on the bill. I believe that it is so de-
signed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not odvised
whether the vote will, or not, be a test vote. The
question is, whether the decision of the Chair
shall stand as the judgment of the committee?
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bliss and
Wheeler were appointed.
Mr. MEACHAM. 1 move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. ROBBINS. The committee are dividing,
and I would inquire whether thegentleman's mo-
tion is in order.
The CFIA fRMAN. The motion is in order.
Mr. MfiMULLlN. Is it in order to move a
postponement of the consideration of the bill to a
day certain
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order.
The question was taken on Mr. Meacham's
motion, and the committee refused to rise; there
being, on a division, ayes fifty-three; noes not
counted.
The question was then taken; and the decision
of the Chair was sustained; the tellers having re-
ported—ayes 78, noes 53.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Peck's
motion to pass by the bill informally.
Mr. EDGERTON. Upon that -motion I de-
mand tellers.
Mr. LETCHER. Is this matter open to de-
bate?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not, except by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, I desired to
make an explanation, and I ask the unanimous
consent of the committee to make it.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order, andean
only be done by unanimous consent.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Noble and
Edmundson appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-nine, a further count not being
demanded.
So the motion was not agreed to, and the bill
accordingly came before the committee for con-
sideration.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 shall not occupy more
than five minutes of the committee's time, although
I am entitled to an hour. I think this proposition
to renew Colt's patent, has been long enough be-
fore us to enable members to make up their minds,
and to justify the House in making some final
disposition of the case now.
A great deal has been said and published in
regard to it, calculated to bring a general odium
upon members of this House, without fixing the
resposibility in any particular quarter.
We had a committee of investigation upon a
very vague charge of corruption and bribery ap-
pointed last session, and continued until the present
time. They have made a partial report only.
Mr. Chairman, I think some fina.l and decisive re-
port on this subject, affecting the integrity of mem*
bers of this body, ought to have been madebefow
this time. I have seen nothing that tends to fix
corruption upon any person, in reference to this
matter. From all 1 can learn of the results of
the examination of this charge of corruption, It
has " mizzled down " to some silly story about
gloves! Perhaps there is some testimony goinff
to prove that some one has presented a Colt pistor
to some member of this House.
Now, sir, I am not prepared to believe, not even
to suspect, that there is any member of this body,
so base, so lost to the high duty he owes his
country and his constituents, as to permit his vote
to be influenced in such a way.
Sir, I have never seen this Colonel Colt, and
never expect to see him. I do not know who are
his agents, and do not care. I have never eaten
their dinners or suppers, ordrank their wines, and
never expect to do so. Yet I am in favor of this
bill—not that I have a personal interest in its
passage, as the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Pratt] indicated that he had—I am in favor of
the bill, because I believe its passage to be for the
best interests of the country.
In the first place, I do not believe that there
exists a necessity for making many guns, or in
multiplying the weapons of death. 1 am very
willing that the monopoly of making his weapons
for individual use, should lie given to Colonel
Colt, so long as we secure the right to the Gov-
ernment of using his invention for national defense.
I have one of Colt's pistols in my possession. I
own it, and would take no sum of money for it.
It was not presented by him, or any of his agents,
but presented to me in 1843, in the city of New
Orleans, by a very dear friend, now deceased,
under peculiar circumstances, I prize it very
much, on that account. It is a very good instru-
ment. It answers my purpose very well. When
at home, I sometimes amuse myself with it in the
evening in shooting rats. [Laughter.] I find it
true, and have no fear that it will burst, and
" knock its owner over." I have never yet found
occasion, and f pray I never may have any, to
use it for any more serious purpose than killing
rats! I hope I may never be called on to use it
against the life of my fellow-man, under any cir-
cumstances.
Sir, so long as the right to manufacture this in-
strument is in the hands of the inventor, who has
his reputation involved in it, you may expect to
have a safe and reliable instrument; but, if it is to
be extended to every person over the country,
you will very soon have a flood of cast-iron pis-
tols—a counterfeit article, which will explode in
the hands of the owner, and the invention of Colt's
genius, will become worthless and unreliable. For
these reasons, without going into the details of
the case—for I see the time to which I voluntarily
limited myself in these remarks, is up—I believe
it to be the true policy of this Government to ex-
tend to Colonel Colt the right which he asks, to
manufacture his pistols. Besides, Mr. Chairman,
it is well known, that this is now recognized as
the most efficient arm of defense now known in
the history of inventions, not only in this, but in
other countries.
I rose, Mr. Chairman, not to consume time,
but simply to give, as I have done, briefly, the
reasons why I expect to vote for this bill, and to
say to the committee that I believe it to be due
to the other interests that are clogged up by this
measure, that we should get it out of the way. If
the committee of investigation can pursue its in-
quiries, so as to fix palpably and clearly, upon any
member of this House, a charge of having been
influenced in his vote by any corrupt means, I
shall go as far as the farthest, to make such a
mark upon that individual, as will enable the
country to point him out, and to wipe from the
innocent the shade of suspicion which vague
charges produce. I am unwilling that these loose,
idle, and irresponsible charges, calculated to bring
odium upon this House generally, should remain
open for so long a time. The delay unjustly
brings congressional integrity, in general, into
disrepute.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman, I regret very
