550
the congressional globe.
February H,
much that I was called out of the House at the
time the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Pratt]
made his remarks in regard to this matter. While
I have no idea that the gentlemen would inten-
tionally misrepresent me or my position in any-
thing, I am yet very certain that, under some
strange misapprehension, he has misrepresented
my position in regard to the pending bill. Now,
sir, I have never said, either here or elsewhere,
that Colonel Colt had acted properly in this matter
from the time the investigation was commenced.
Several Members, improperly, you mean to
say.
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir; that he had acted
properly. That is what I say, because it is a no-
torious fact that, at the time he appeared before
the committee to testify, under the order of the
Speaker, he came there drunk.
Several Members. Who?
Mr. LETCHER. Colonel Colt. He came
there drunk. At the very time that he was sum-
moned to appear before the committee and testify,
his mind was obfuscated, [laughter;] and if gen-
tlemen will take the trouble to examine his testi-
mony in regard to that matter, they will see that
Colonel Colt seemed to have no definite idea, either
of his agents, or of the course of his agents, or of
the sums of money paid to his agents, or distrib-
uted by his agents and sub-agents for the pros-
ecution of this application.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I would inquire of
the gentleman from Virginia, whether this accu-
sation which he makes against Colonel Colt, con-
stitutes part of the report of the investigating com-
mittee?
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir; it would be a right
hard matter to daguerreotype a drunken man in a
report to be presented to this House; and it occurs
to me, that it is a little strange that it did not
strike the gentleman from Indiana in that light
before he put the question. [A laugh.] Now, if
you will read his testimony, you will find the fact
to be as I have stated it, that he seems to have no
definite knowledge of anything connected with this
matter from its inception and introduction before
this House up to the moment his testimony was ;
given. Gentlemen who have read the testimony, '
■will concur with me in that opinion.
Now, sir, what is the testimony in regard to
this matter from his chief agent—the man who is
acknowledged to be his agent, who is invested
■with full authority to act for him, to hire sub-
agents, and to take such necessary steps as he
may deem material for the promotion and success-
ful prosecution of his application now pending
before Congress > That man is Mr. Dickerson.
Well, when Mr. Dickerson was inquired of to
know what sum of money he had employed to
get the claim through Congress, how that sum of
money had been used, and to whom it had been
devoted, he declined to answer, upon the ground
that it was an improper inquiry, and that we had
no right to call upon him for explanation about
his private and professional business.
Thegentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] says
that the committee, in his view, ought, long since
to have made a final and definite report in regard
to this claim. Now, let me ask the gentleman to
look at the facts, and say who is to blame for not
having had a final and definite report. The com-
mittee, at the close of the last session, reported
everything that had been done at that time. They
came here at the opening of this session, and hud
their committee revived. The fust witness sum-
moned to appear before that committee was one j
of Mr. Colt's agents, who had himself solemnly
so sworn before the committee.
Several Members. Name him.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, it was Mr. Chase. _
What was his course? He declined to appear be- ;
fore the committee at all. The facts in regard to
that matter have been presented by the committee
to the House, together with the return of the ser-
geant-at-arms, and they show that the committee
have done all in their power to bring him before
them, and make him testify. I have tried for two
weeks past to call that matter up, and to get action
on the part of the House, but 1 have uniformly,
and on every occasion, been ruled out to make way
for other business. Now, what more could the
committeedo? Have we not done everything that
men could be expected to do ? We have reported
at the earliest moment. We have brought the
facts here, and impressed on the House, as far as
we could do it, the necessity of giving us the
means of ascertaining the position ot these various
agents, the consideration that they were to receive,
and various objects, which they were intended to
accomplish. When these means were employed,
what else, I ask again, could the committee do in
regard to it? Was there anything else? Was
there anything left undone by that committee that
ought to be the subject of complaint on the part of
this House, or on the part of any member of this
House?
But the gentleman from Ohio says, that in this
state of facts he feels it to be his duty to vote for
the extension of this patent; that it is an excel-
lent arm, that it is valuable for the purposes for
which it is designed, and that, in order to keep it
such as it now is, he shall vote for the extension
of the patent, for fear others may practise a fraud
upon the public by making- inferior arms. That
seems to be the whole amountof the gentleman's
argument. Now, sir, the House will recollect
that where an individual applies to the Patent
Office for an extension of his patent, he is required
to disclose the amount of the profits which he has
made from that patent.
Mr. HENN, (interrupting.) Will the gentle-
man from Virginia allow me to ask him a ques-
tion ?
Mr. LETCHER. Certainly.
Mr. HENN. I did not understand the gentle-
man distinctly upon that point, and I would like
to know, as I presume others would also, whether
Mr. Chase swore before the committee that he
was an agent for Colt?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir; he said that he
was employed by Colonel Clemens to aid Mr.
Colt's application, and that he expected to be paid
for so doing.
Mr. HENN. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether he swore to that fact since he has occu-
pied a seat upon this floor as a reporter?
Mr. LETCHER. We had better take one
thing at a time. We shall cometo all thatin good
season. Here is Mr. Chase's evidence:
c; Early in the session Colonel Clemens reminded me of
the mtunacy that hat) existed between Colonel Colt and
myself, and a^ked me it I would a^si^t him (Clemens) in
lurthejmg Colonel Coil's interests. I replied that X would
do so most cheerfully."
That is Mr. Chase's evidence, which will be
found on the eighty-first page of the report. Mr.
Ruffin then propounded to him this question:
u Do yon expect to receive a compensation of any kind,
eilhc r dnrctly or indirectly, for your services in behalf of
(Jolt's patent extension?"
" Answer. I do."
<x Question, is that compensation to be certain or con-
tingent ?"
" Answer. 1 should expect it to he certain."
u Question. lias a reporter's desk been assigned you in
tfic Ilouhcof Jlrpre.-entniivu* ?"
Answer. li has, nr."
Mr. LETCHER. Now, all these facta were
reported here more than two weeks ago. They
were brought to the attention of the House. The
testimony of this witness was read.
Mr. PECKHAM. A single question which I
desire to have answered by ihe gentleman from
Virginia, is there any question propounded to
that witness, in reference to Colt's patent, remain-
ing unanswered ? Or was the question put to him,
and which he refused to answer, m reference to
something else entirely ?
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, we expected to in-
j terrogate him not only about that matter, but about
' various other matters.
Mr. PECKHAM. That does not precisely
answer my question.
Mr, LETCHER. We should have interro-
gated him about it further, to know the conditions
on which he was employed, and the compensation
which he was to receive.
Mr. PECKHAM. Did he decline to answer
any question touching this matter of Colt's?
Mr. LETCHER. Certainly, he never told us
anything in reference to what he was to get for
these services, or how he was employed.
Mr. PECKHAM. Did he decline to answer
that question with reference to this case?
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman will indulge
me a moment, perhaps it is better that Chase's
whole testimony be read.
[Cries of " Oh ! no! no!"]
Mr. LETCHER. Well, here is one question
propounded to him in respect to George Steers, of
New York, which he refused to answer. He
refused to answer as to this, because he said he
did not positively know, and his object was to
make further investigation. He said he could
answer positively in a few days.
A Member. That has nothing to do with Colt's
patent.
Mr. LETCHER. I will read another extract
or two from his testimony:
<£ Question. To what members of Congress did you
address your communication, referred to by you ? State the
substance of that communication, and the ume at winch
it was sent.
"Answer, I retained no list of gentlemen to whom I
addressed my communication, &c.
Question. When you were spoken to by Colonel
Clemen*, and requested to aid in procuring the favorable
action of Congress on the Colt patent extension, did you
expect to recei ve a compensation ?
"Answer. I did not.
" Question. Do you cxpcct to receive compensation of
any sort, duectly or indirectly, for services in this patent
extension ?
iC Answer. I do."
Mr. PECKHAM. That is not refusing to
answer, as 1 understand.
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir; but it is answering
both ways.
Mr. PECKHAM. That is another matter;
my point was this: was any question put to him
unanswered, in respect to Colt's patent?
Mr. LETCHER. I do not know that I can
refer to any particular instance of the kind, it
was so, however, m reference to other points.
Mr. PECKHAM. I believe there was a sus-
pended investigation. Did that suspended inves-
tigation relate solely to this or to a foreign matter?
Mr. LETCHER. Not to this matter solely.
It referred to this and the Minnesota railroad bill,
and other matters.
Mr. PECKHAM. I speak of itmerely in ref-
erence to the questions put to the witness. Am I
right in respect to that?
Mr. LETCHER. Certainly, sir; so far as I
recollect.
Here is a question which is general, and the
House will see how far he answered in reference
to this question:
" Question. Do you know, or have you ronton to be-
lieve, that any improper or unlawtul means were used by
any per&on to affect the vote or action ot any member of
thij present Coii£;jc>s, m aid of, or in opposition lo any bill
now pending, or winch has been pending before Congress
at the present session ?"
Mr. LETCHER. Now, mark his answer to
that! 451 do not know; yet, I have reason to be-
lieve that in a few days I can" 
Mr. PECKHAM. That is a general question,
covering all matters.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I understood the hon-
orable gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Pratt]
to state that Colonel Colt informed him that he
was a perfect stranger to General Chase, and that
he could not recognize him if he should meet him.
As I understand from the testimony, General
Chise speaks of his intimacy with Colonel Colt.
Mr. PRATT. I did so state.
Mr. LANE. The gentleman from Connecticut
states that Colonel Colt told him that he could
not recognize General Chase if he met him, and if
I understand the testimony of General Chase, he
speaks of his intimacy with Colonel Colt.
Mr. LETCHER. I will again read it to the
gentleman.
Mr, RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Lane] tell us when General Chase
go' his commission as general ? [Laughter.]
Mr. LANE. I know General Chase; but! am
not prepared to answer the question of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.]
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to have to at-
tend to only one gentleman at a time, so that I
may be able to keep the run of these interruptions
[Laughter.] *
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is a gentle-
man, I believe, in this city by the name of Chase,
who was once a mihtia general in Tennessee. He
is a clever, gentlemanly man. Pie is more re-
cently from Charleston, South Carolina, and now
lives on Capitol hill here. I desire to say that he
is not the General Chase alluded to in this debate.
Mr. LANE. I speak of Mr. Chase, the re-
porter.
Mr. TRACY. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia inform us what Colonel Clemens testified to
as to the employment of agents or attorneys ?
Mr. LETCHER. In a moment. Now, Mr.
Chairman, let me get back to the point from which
