1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
I was diverted. Here is a man [Mr. Chase] who
solemnly swears that he was on intimate terms
with Colonel Colt, and that It was in consequence
of those intimate relations that he agreed to appear
as agent for Colonel Colt, and to assist him in the
prosecution of this matter before Congress. That
is the ground, now, on which this thing rests.
When this committee was revived at the present
session of Congress, we summoned this very man;
he refused to appear before the committee and give
testimony. In that state of the case, the committee
has asked the House to decide this matter and pass
judgment upon it. And now we hear that Colonel
Colt does not know this man, [Chase,] notwith-
standing the allegations which he has made under
the solemn circumstances attending his testimony
before the committee.
Now, Mr. Chairman, one of the gentlemen to
my right [Mr. Tracy] has called upon me to state
what Colonel Clemens had said in regard to the
employment of agents. 1 will read that part of
his testimony:
" Question. How many agents or attorneys are there in
the employment of Colonel Colt, in connection with his
bill now before Congress?
(< Answer. I do not know. I have employed none. I
spoke to two gentlemen who, I thought, could a=sist him;
but we came to no terms, and made no definite arrange-
ment. "
Now, sir, take the declaration made by Chase
himself, and is not this statement directly in support
of iti* Colonel Clemens did not mention whom
he had spoken to, whether Chase or some other
individual; but Chase himself has said, what Col-
onel Clemens stated, that no definite arrangement
was made in regard to the amount of compensa-
tion. Chase has said afterwards, however, that he
does expect to get compensation; and that he does
expect to get certain, not contingent, compensa-
tion. How was it with Mr. Dickerson? Here is
a part of the testimony of Mr. Dickerson, (who
is the rccognized agent of Colonel Colt,) that is
worthy of the consideration of this House:
" What amount of the funds of Colonel Colt has boon in
your hands, or under your control, or subject to your draft
or order, since the first day of December last, to the best of
your recollection?
(lAnsv>ei. I have no idea how much of Colonel Colt's
fund- have been in my hands in that period, i pay all In*
private disbursements! in the city of New Vork. I have
unlimited control over whatever fund.s In* has for all the
purposes connected with all his legal atlan^, and for the
payment of all his persona! debts, eonimcts, and obliga-
tions of any sort in the city of New Vork, which, .u
are complicated and large; by winch 1 mean to say, that
whatever sums of money for these purposes i draw or send
for are always paid me.
"Question by Chairman. IT.is the fund referred to been
as much as$100,0C() ; if not, how much h"«s?
" Answer. No, sir; the whole amount would not exccod,
I think, $15,000."
Here is another portion of his testimony, that
shows some of the means that were resorted to for
the purpose of helping this matter along:
"You have stated that, in a conversation which you had
In New Yoik with II. II. Day, he paid he would tommu-
nicate wuh some of his friends, and asceitain what they
would take not to attack Colonel Colt and yourself, and
that he named some of his friends alluded to; you will state
the names of the persons mentioned by bun ?
i( Answer. A person named McCrae wan one, and one
other whose name sounded something like tfhaekford. Mr.
Day also mentioned the name of Mr. George W, Jones as
a very formidable man in the House of Representatives.
McCrao is said to he one of the assistant editors of the
Union. I will do Mr. McCrae the justice to say that he has
told me this week that Iichad declined to help Mi. Day in
this matter.
" Question by Chairman, hi the conversation with Day,
detailed in a previous answer, you state that you said to
him that you would be willing to pay him &omethina; to
cease his abuse of Colt and yourself. Was any t>um named
by you on that occasion ; and if so, what r
"Answer. No, sir; I did not state what sum f would
have paid. lie undertook to find out how much histriends
would take nnt to abuse us. I am credibly informed that
he made a similar application to Mr. 12. K. Collins m rela-
tion to the ocean steam contracts."
Thesefacts show something of the arrangements
that were made. Here is Mr. Dickerson avow-
ing that he has unlimited control over the funds
of Colonel Colt, and that whenever he draws a
draft upon him it is honored, and that he has the
right to apply the proceeds of that draft to any-
thing he pleases, according to his ideas of v/hat
would best secure the successful prosecution of
Mr. Colt's measures. Here is testimony which
shows that Colonel Colt gives to this man the
control of an indefinite amount of funds for the
accomplishment of any and every purpose that
he may choose to undertake in this connection.
When we interrogate men m regard to the use of
that money, how much of it had been applied to 1
procure the extension of the patent, and how much
of it had been applied otherwise, we are met with
the declaration that it was a private matter, that
we had no right to inquire into it, and that we had
no right to examine into a private engagement with
Mr. Colt, notwithstanding the fact that Mr. Dick-
erson made this application, and was employed
as an active agent in the prosecution of it before
Congress, while Colt himself, was absent from
the country.
Take m this connection the testimony of Horace
H. Day, one of the very parties referred to upon
the occasion, when the agreement was proposed
to which I have already reterred. Mr. Day states
that he (Dickerson) was to contribute money
for the purpose of stopping the mouths of various
men who were opposed to this scheme—letter-
writers for various newspapers 1 Is there nothing
in all this worthy of the serious consideration of
this House, when acting upon a bill like this? It
does seem to me, if there ever has been a case calcu-
lated to arrest the attention of this body, and to
induce them to pause and deliberate before they
undertake to pass a bill of this kind, it is this
case of Samuel Colt, as shown by the facts which
are deposed by the witnesses before this com-
mittee. How many members of this body have
looked into the report made by the committee,
and into the evidence therecontamed,preparatory
to taking action upon this bill? How many of
them have ascertained what was the conduct of
this agent, Dickerson, and to what extent im-
proper means were used for the purpose of secur-
ing the success of this measure before the House ?
That testimony ought surely to be looked into
before they undertake to pass judgment on this
application. It ought to be considered, and
carefully considered, before we undertake to re-
new a patent which gives an immense yearly profit
to the patentee. What is that man worth now?
Can any body here tell ? Has he ever complied
with that provision of the patent law that requires
a person making an application for a renewal of
the patent to show the amount of profits realized
from it? Does he not shrink from an investiga-
tion before the Commissioner of Patents? Is he
to come before this budy and secure the passage j
of this bill without exhibiting a statement of his
profits ?
In this state of the case Colonel Colt comes to
this House without making an exhibit, and asks
us to grant him an extension of his patent for the
further period of seven years, and that, too,when
ins patent does not expire until February, 1857.
The patent ha« yet upwards of two years to run.
What his profits have been up to this time I do
not know. What his profits will be for two years
to come, nobody can tell; and yet, in the absence
of all this important information, the House is
required to give him the extension of his patent
for seven years more.
Mi*. SMITH, of Virginia. Has not Mr. Colt
a very large establishment in England?
Mr. LETCIIELI. Well, I do not know any
thing more about it than what I have ascertained
from the papers before the House. I understand
from his petition that he has an armory establish-
ment in London, and that it is, perhaps, a very
extensive one—whether so extensive as the one in
this country I do not know; but certainly suiH-
ciently extensive to be capable of supplying, to
a very great extent, the increased demand of the
British Government for this kind of arm.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. And without any
patent right?
M r. LETCHER, I understand it is so.
Mr. SMITH. Then 1 would ask the gentle-
man, if we extend this patent will we not protect
him here while there is competition in England?
Mr. LETCHER. That is the conclusion in-
evitably. The majority report sets out these facts,
and the House can examine them for themselves.
I now desire to invite the attention of the com-
mittee to some of the testimony of Colonel Colt
himself, given before this committee.
The first question propounded to him was:
(i Will you state what means have been used, and what
agents and attorneys employed by j'ou in prosecuting your
application now pending for a renewal of your patent."
Instead of answering that question, he presented
to us a general statement, a written statement, pre-
pared outside, by Dickerson, and brought with
him before the committee. This is it;
"The application for the extension of my patent was
made by Mr. Dickerson, who is my confidential counsel,
at a time when I was in Europe. J directed the applica-
tion to be made, and authorized Mr. Dickcrson to take
such steps as were proper in prosecuting it. I was in Eu-
rope from the time the application was made until about
two months since, when I returned. Since my return 1
have been constantly engaged at Hartford, and have never
been in Washington, nor held any communication with
any members of Congress, until I was summoned hereby
telegraph on Friday last. All the knowledge which I have
on the subject of this application is what f have derived
from Mr. Dickerson. 1 do not know, and have not heard,
that any unlawful or improper influences have been brought
to bear upon members of Congress to induce them to vote
in favor of my extension. I have always supposed, and do
now suppose, that the case itself possessed sufficient merits
to commend it to the favorable consideration of Congress ;
and I have relied upon those merits and the justice of my
claim for success. If any unlawful means have been re-
sorted to by any person in favor of this bill, it has been done
without my knowledge, consent, or approval, and 1 should
condemn it as readily as any other person. I desire, for
my own sake, that a full examination should be made of
all persons for whose acts I am in any way responsible ;
and if any evil practices have been resorted to, I have no
desire to screen the offending parties. But I do not believe
that any such practices have been used by those who have
acted under my authority."
Now, let us come to where the examination be-
gins, and I think this House will be thoroughly
and entirely convinced that the witness is entitled
to graduating orders from any " Know-Nothing"
order upon the face of God's earth:
"The witness stated further, verbally: < I know Mr.
Dickerson as my only agent. Sub-agencies I know nothing
of, except of their existence, as I came home two months
ago ftom Europe.'
« Qwesiion by Mr Eliot. Please say by whom the state-
ment just submitted by you was prepared and written, and
whether it has or not been read or submitted to any person,
and to whom, for examination?
" Jinswer. It was written, under my direction, as the
substance of all r could say to inform this committee of all
on this business, by Mr. Dickcrson. I do not know tha{ it
has been submitted to any other person since it was writ-
ten."
Now, how did Mr. Dickerson know what the
committee would inquire into, that he and Colonel
Colt could write out a statement which would
answer their inquiries ? The testimony proceeds:
« Question by Mr. Eliot. Will you state whether you
were present \vhen the. paper was first drawn?
" Answer. I was, and dictated it.
" Question by Mr. Eliot. Will you state whether it is in
your power to make a more definite reply to the first ques-
tion ?
u Answer. I have no knowledge except through Mr.
Dickeison, who has auihonty to employ the beist rational
means to secure the object I seek.
« Question by Mr. Eliot. Can you state how much
money has been expended on account of your application
by Mr. Dickeison, for which you were charged?
" Jinswer. No, f cannot,
" Question by Mr Eliot. Has any account been rendered
to you of moneys paid by Mr. Dickerson ?
lt Jinswer. Not since this application to Congress was
made for the extension of my patent.
« Question by Mr. Eliot. Is there any limit, and, if so,
what is it, to the right which Mr. Dickerson has, under his
engagement with you, to expend money in such ways as
shall appear to him proper ?
" Answer. If there was an engagement, it would signify
a limit. He, as a gentleman, makes the limit; and X, as
another, meet it to the extent of my ability. 1 have never
doubted his integrity as a professional man.
tc Question by Mr. Eliot. Please state in what way Mr.
Dickerson has reimbursed himself for moneys expended by
him ?
" Jinswer. I do not know.
" Question. Has he at any time, in reference to this ap-
plication, drawn upon you directly for funds, and to what
amount?
11 Jinswer. Not that I know of. He is in the habit of em-
ploying my funds lor the legal and professional parts of my
business to the moderate extent intrusted to him. Unqual-
ifiedly, so far as I know, he never has drawn my money
upon the privilege given above for illegal or corrupt pur-
poses. lie may have drawn upon me for his reasonable
expenses in Washington. It might have been a thousand
dollars; it might have been more, it might have been less,
it was probably more ; for I presume he will send in bills
for hi« expenses here, and the expenses of those he em-
ployed to fairly represent the case.
u Question by Mr. Eliot. Will you state to what extent
your money ha-? been intrusted to bim?
" Answer. To the extent that one honorable gentleman
can trust another gentleman of honor. I have every confi-
dence in him. X have all the confidence in him that I
have m myself."
Mr. PRATT. "Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. LETCHER. Certainly; I yield for that
purpose.
Mr. PRATT. 1 would inquire of the gentle-
man from Virginia, whether he places any confi-
dence whatever ih that testimony, if Colonel Colt
was in the situation he represents him to have
been in before the committee ?
Mr. LETCHER. Then he ought not to have
come there in that situation, if no confidence is to
be reposed in him.
