554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February
been a little confused. [Laughter.] Many gen-
tlemen have been so, particularly after dinner,
whom the honorable chairman of that committee
would hardly have the courage to say were drunk,
or so drunk as to justify a publicallusion to them.
But no member of the committee has ventured
to say that the conduct of Colonel Colt, before
that committee, was not that of a gentleman of
honor and integrity. They all say It. They do
not seek to impeach him, for the truth of his state-
ments they do not question. If he were drank
enough to justify a public allusion to his situation,
he was too drunk to testify. Sir, the character of
thatcommittee, has been brought before the House.
I was opposed to its organization. I look upon
all such committees, unless distinct charges from
some responsible source are made, as inexpedient,
improper, and decidedly useless; and I believe the
investigation made by that committee, will prove
nothing; and that when the constitutional axe, on
the 4th of March next, shall cut the cord which
suspends that committee and us all here, its re-
ports, like the reports of previous committees of
investigation, will drop into the sea of forgetful-
ness, never to be fished up, except by some party
connected with it, to show his children with what
patriotism, integrity, and industry he had served
his country in secretly trying his fellow members
for bribery and corruption, and how he failed in
convicting them. At all events, it will have no effect
upon the country, and no effect upon the House.
Besides all that, 1 look upon it that it was not
Colonel Colt, it was not Mr. Chase, it was not
any of these outside gentlemen that was on trial
before that committee; it was the members of this
House of Representatives, honorable gentlemen,
representing honorable constituencies; on trial for
bribery and corruption, and at the instigation of
men who dare not name a member that was sus-
pected. A secret committee was appointed, to sit
in secret session, to determine whether or not mem-
bers of the House of Representatives had disgraced
their position on this floor, and the chairman says
he could not get testimony. Whoever expected
he would; no man has ever dreamed the committee
would prove anything. Every member of this
House felt in his own bosom that the rumors
(they never obtained the dignity of charges) were
ridiculously absurd. And, sir, I say that no
member of this House, and, as yet, no gentleman
outsideof the House, has had the courage to name
any member of the House whom he suspected.
Who, then, is upon trial, sir? Who has been
tried? I ask now, is there any member of this
House that dare stand up and say that he sus-
pects a single member of this House? If so, let
him name him; let him make a specific charge,
that this farce may be turned to a reality. Then,
sir, what is the effect of the action of this commit-
tee? it is precisely nothing. Created by a great
flourish of trumpets, it has ended like their sound
—to be remembered only for the noise they made.
Its report will sink into forgetfuiness, where the
reports of all such committees have ever gone.
But the gentleman from Virginia says that the
committee could not procure the attendance of
certain witnesses upon the investigation, and that
witnesses who did attend refused to answer their
questions. That is all right. I am surprised that
witnesses attended at all. It is not in the power
of this House to compel the attendance of wit-
nesses before any such committee. It is not a
judicial tribunal. In certain cases Congress may
declare what shall constitute a crime, and fix the
punishment, and here its power ends. The fact
must be determined by another tribunal, and be-
fore that tribunal witnesses may, in pursuance of
law, be summoned and compelled to attend, or
punished for non-attendance; but this House can-
not fine or imprison a witness who refuses to obey
its subpoena, for it has no judicial power. It may
expel, but it cannot punish a member, much less a
man who is not a member. No man can be fined
and imprisoned except in pursuance of law; and
there is no law, neither can Congress make a law,
to compel witnesses to appear before a secret tri-
bunal. There can be no inquisitions here.
The chairman of the committee, however,
states that the gentleman who refused to answer
generally, answered every question touching the
investigation as to Colt's patent. And the chair-
man stated further, in his usual emphatic language,
that means had been resorted to to get this bill
through the House. Now, what means were
resorted to? What did the gentleman mean when
he made this general charge ? Does he mean that
any member of this House has been influenced
by bribery and corruption ? Has he proved that ?
Has not the whole action of the committee on the
subject been notoriously a failure? It has not
compromised for an instant a single member of the
House, nor has it effected his character in any
respect. And, sir, more than that. I will say to
this committee that its opinion and its report can-
not, will not, affect the character of this House,
or of a single individual member, and the whole
country knows it.
But, sir, I did not intend, as 1 said before, to
discuss the action of this committee of investiga-
tion. The charge of corruption originated here
in the city of Washington, in a contemptible
newspaper article published in the Evening Star.
It was copied into other papers and became a gen-
ral newspaper rumor, and to my surprise was
taken up by members of Congress. That was
the origin, and what surprised me most was, that
members of Congress could be influenced by these
general charges against themselves, and yet, when
asking for a committee of investigation, not have
the courage to say whom they intended to reach
or whom they suspected. If I suspected any hon-
orable member of this House of conduct so base,
I would rise in my place and say that I suspected
him; but I would not make a general charge
against the innocent and the guilty. If I did not
know who the guilty was, I should say at once
that I believed all to be innocent.
But, Mr. Chairman, my object is simply to state
some facts connected with this patent of Colonel
Colt. The report of the committee, the conduct
of Colonel Colt there, the character of Mr. Chase,
and all these general extraneous circumstances,
have nothing to do with the question. Is Colonel
Colt entitled to an extension of his patent? is the
question. Now, sir, for a few facts. In 1831,
Colonel Colt invented a repeating fire-arm, but it
was then an imperfect article, and did not satisfy
himself. He did not procuie a patent, for the
reason that he could not bring it to that state of
perfection to enable him to do so, until J834.
Immediately after the patent was procured, Colo-
nel Colt and numerous friends whom he had in-
duced to venture their money in his experiment,
were incorporated by the New Jersey Legislature,
into "The Patent Arms Manufacturing Com-
pany." The stock was $300,000, §230,000 of
which was paid in. Mr. Colt was the manager
of the company, and commenced the manufacture
of these aims. But so difficult was it to invent
and construct the machinery necessary to manu-
facture the article perfectly, that after six years
of trial, the whole concern proved a failure, and
a total loss of ail invested, and six years of lime,
was the consequence. The company was bank-
rupt, Mr. Colt himself was bankrupt, and the
patent was considered to be not worth a farthing.
There was no competition,no piracy,no infringe-
ment upon it then.
Well, sir, in 1843, Mr. Colt obtained a renewal
of the patent, and after it was renewed, so value-
leas was it considered, that it was sold under a
decree of the court of chancery, Colonel Colt be-
coming the purchaser for a mere trifle. In 1848,
he commenced the manufacture of arms, to a
limited extent, for the Government. But so diffi-
cult was it for him to obtain money, previously
to that time, that it was not until after the renewal
of the patent, that he began to manufacture arms,
with any prospect of success.
The evidence presented in the case shows that
all the property which Mr. Colt is worth now, is
between $300,000 and $400,000; and that is in-
vested in machinery for the manufacture of these
arms. It consists of machinery of a peculiar
construction, entirely valueless for other purposes;
and when the gentleman from Virginia asks the
question whether or not this machinery in its
present condition is worth §750,000, the commit-
tee should ask the still further question, whether it
is worth anything for any other purpose than that
for which it was designed, and whether or not, if
this patent be not extended, and protection be not
afforded him against injury by innovation, this
machinery will be worth anything, or sell for one
fifth the amount at which it is now estimated.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the gentleman from
Ohio allow me a single question?
Mr. EDGERTON. Certainly.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is this: it was stated at
the last session of Congress, by gentlemen who
were friends of the bill, that Colonel Colt's estab-
lishment at London cost him $250,000, and that
at Hartford $450,000, making in all $700,000 ex-
pended in this way. Now, I ask,if Colonel Colt,
having establishments and machinery upon which
he has expended this large sum of money, will
not in 1857, two years hence, be ahead of every-
body else, and make the largeprofitin this country
he is now understood to be doing in England,
without a monopoly to protect it.
Mr. EDGERTON. I willanswer the question
by making ageneral remark relative to the amount
of money which a man may be worth, or what
he may have made. Men engaged for the time in
successful business, are always reputed as worth
much more than they are in reality. If a man
does not want money he is always rich, if in re-
ality he is poor; but let a rich man want money,
and he never has the reputation of being worth
half as much as he really is. It is said, that Col- _
onel Colt's manufactory is worth three or four
hundred thousand dollars. It may be possible;
but nobody knows the extent of his liabilities.
Persons generally do not connect a man's liabili-
ties with the amount of property which he may
have on hand. Very frequently a man may have
in his possession millions worth of property, as
the public suppose, but, when you come to com-
pare his obligations with the supposed amount of
property in hand, he may be worth nothing at
all.
Mr. CLINGMAN. At the last session of Con-
gress, the very objections which are now urged,
were presented by gentlemen who participated in
the debate, and it was stated at that time, that,
Colonel Colt bad realized more than a million of
dollars from his patent.
Mr. EDGERTON. I have not the remotest
idea that Colonel Colt is worth any such sum o-f
money. On the contrary, I do not believe that
after he pays his liabilities he would be worth one
quarter of that amount. I do not place any con-
fidence in any supposed estimates of his wealth.
Mr. BARKSDALB, (interrupting.) It is very
evident that this bill cannot be disposed of to-day.
I would therefore suggest to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Edgerton,] that he give way for a
motion that the commtitee rise, and he will then
have the floor to finish his remarks, when the
committee shall resume the consideration of this
bill.
Mr. EDGERTON. I prefer finishing what I
have to say this evening.
[Cries of " Go on," " Go on."]
1 would say that the greatest danger Colonel
Colt has to fear, is from imitations of his pistols;
and in order to prevent these, it is absolutely ne!
cessary that they should be manufactured by the
very best possible machinery . He is perfecting his
machinery every day, and his pistol is getting bet-
ter and better as he perfects his machinery. To
enable him to do this, he has necessarily to ex-
pend a vast amount of money, and his whole
receipts are appropriated to the perfection of his
machinery.
I will state a further fact, that the pefecting of
his machinery has had the tendency, even without
competition from other sources by an inferior ar-
ticle, to reduce the price of his pistols from forty-
five dollars m 1838, down to sixteen dollars, the
present price. 1 understand the objectofthe patent
law to be this: that a man of genius, who devotes
his time and talents to invent a useful article, of
public necessity and value, shall be compensated
in some proportion to the public benefit resulUntr
from the invention. That should be the rule If
the public is benefitted by Colonel Colt's patent,
why should he not be rewarded in a proportionate
extent. What has been the public benefit result-
ing from the invention of this fire-arm ?
I wish to refer to various reports made by com-
mittees of this House, and various letters from
officers of the Army, going to show what an im-
mense amount of life and money has been saved
by thi8inventi°n of Colonel Colt.
lhe Texas Senators and Representatives in
^ongress, writing to the President of the United
btates, say;
or!.' ^'e <1<? not d"ubt that five thousand mounted men.
thin fuJTn. ',f° °' th,ese pis',°-ls al>d a would do
than tnenty thousand, armed in the ordinaiv war- tbereiiv
ann'naHv huudreds of Hiouranrts «f dollars
annually, and affording protection as well to the i'ronuua
