550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
Senators, who have occupied seats in this body,
from Michigan, one of them my immediate pre-
decessor and the other my colleague during a por-
tion of my first term of service, honorable and
distinguished citizens, both disavowed the obliga-
tion of instructions, and both refused, at least in
one instance, to obey the expressed will of the
Legislature conveyed to them by its resolutions.
And I believe their views were in conformity with
the opinions of their party in the State.
I am not called upon to discuss the general doc-
trine. All I seek is to explain why I acknowl-
edged the obligations of the former instructions,
and deny those of the present. And when I deny
the power of the existing majority of the Legisla-
ture of Michigan, composed, as it is, of political
opponents, whose efficient bond of union is antag-
onism to the Democracy, to instruct me out of
office, I feel that my object is accomplished. 1
presume there was not a member of the General
Assembly, whose will is embodied in that docu-
ment, who did not know that no human consider-
ation would induce me to support the measures
which find such favor in their eyes. So far as
respects myself, it was the vacation of the office
that was hoped for.
Mr. President, strange doctrines are abroad,
and strange organizations are employed to pro-
mulgate and enforce them. Our political history
contains no such chapter in the progress of our
country as that which is now opening. The grave
questions of constitutionality and policy, which
have been so long the battle-cry of parties, are
contemptuously rejected,and intolerance, religious
and political, finds zealous, and, it may be, they
will prove successful, advocates in this middle of
the nineteenth century, boasting- with much self-
complacency, of its intelligence, and in this free
country, founded upon immigration, and grown
prosperous and powerful by toleration, it is a
system of proscription which would exclude the
first general who fell at the head of an organized
American army—and nobly and gallantly did he
fall while fighting for our infant liberties, under
the walls of Q,uebec—from all political confidence,
because he happened to be born on the wrong side
of the Atlantic, and would exclude, also, the last
surviving signer of the Declaration of Independ-
ence from ar.y similar token of regard, because he
was a Catholic, were these eminent leaders in
our revolutionary cause now living to witness this
appeal to local and sectarian prejudices. But
Montgomery and Carroll went to their graves
with the weight of no such ingratitude upon their
hearts.
The great parties equally attached to the princi-
ples of our Government, but differing upon many
questions of administration, and alternately borne
to power and driven from it, and whether in place
or out of it, watching each other with jealous
scrutiny, present a wise and fortunate arrangement
for the preservation of freedom, and for guarding
against the abuse of authority. Such has been our
condition, and well and wisely has its work been
done. What new experiment is needed? What
more does this lately awakened zeal propose? As
a country, we are in possession of everything the
heart of man can desire; power,intelligence, pros-
perity, happiness, abundance, freedom, equality,
the religion of God, and the respect of man; all
the elements, indeed, which give value to social
life or security for the duration of political bless-
ings. We want no new parties, no new plat-
forms, no new organizations, and the sooner these
dangerous efforts are abandoned, the better will it
be for us, and those who are to follow us in this
heritage of freedom. During the process of con-
structing a party upon this narrow basis of exclu-
sion, humbly affecting to know nothing, while
resolutely determined to direct everything, and
especially of constructing one with principles of
organization, not only secret in their operation,
but seeking unity of action; not in individual con-
viction and responsibility, but in the surrender of
the will of each to the demands of those who
gain the direction of the associations—during this
process, the public mind must be in a state of
feverish excitement, unfriendly to calm delibera-
tion; and majorities acquired by combinations
arising out of this state of things, do notactunder
the " fair and proper circumstances," which I de-
clared, m 1850, to be indispensable to the obliga-
tory force of legislative instructions.
1 am firmly persuaded that the adoption of
either of the measures—much more of both—de-
manded by the Legislature of Michigan, would be
the signal for the breaking up of this Government,
and the dissolution of this Confederacy. I know
there are many honest men who scout at every
idea of danger; and many others who, while ad-
mitting it, are yet prepared to meet it, let it bring
what disaster it may; prepared to sacrifice this
magnificent structure of freedom to one overpower-
ing impulse, which leads captive alike the heart
and the understanding. This is no time to sur-
render the outworks of the citadel, to abandon
the securities which wisdom and patriotism have
provided, and to thiowaway all the cheeks we
possess against rash and dangerous innovations.
For myself, sir, if Providence permits, I shall
remain in the position 1 occupy during the residue
of my term of service, unless, indeed, the Democ-
racy of Michigan should require me to do what
my convictions of duty would prohibit me from
doing; m which event I should retire, without hesi-
tation, to private life; where, indeed, I am suffi-
ciently warned by the years that have passed over
me, 1 must soon retire, come what may. But as
my life draws towards its close, age, as it ad-
vances, instead of enfeebling, adds strength to my
love of country, and continues to console me with
bright hopes of her future power and stability.
Whatl fear above all is, that, in the providence
of God, we may be struck with that judicial blind-
ness with which nations are punished for national
offenses; and thus add another to the melancholy
list of people who had not wisdom enough to ap-
preciate the value of free institutions, nor virtue
and firmness enough to maintain them.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, in presenting
the resolutions of instruction forwarded to me by
the Governor of the Staieof Michigan, I performed
only an ordinary act of duty, and 1 do not pro-
pose to add to that, at this time, further than seems
indispensable, that I may not appear to treat the
opinions of theLegisla'ureof that State even with
silent indiffrence. All that has been said, sir, by
my honored and distinguished colleague in respect
to gratitude due the people of that State, may be
said by me with much greater propriety.
There are some things contained in the pream-
ble of those resolutions, which, in my judgment,
are neither historically nor logically true'. When-
ever the occasion shall arise in the course of legis-
lation, making it necessary for me to act, and to vote
upon any of the subjects alluded to m those resolu-
tions, I shall endeavor to regulate my conduct and
action by my sense of duty to the State, and duty
to the Constitution of the United States, which,
upon taking my seat here, I swore to support. If
unfortunately, upon any of those occasions, I shall
differ from the views expressed in those resolu-
tions, 1 will endeavor that that difference shall be
in a becoming manner, personally, and with that
firmness of purpose which, I think, should actuate
eveiy member of this body. What that action shall
be,sir, circumstances may go very far to regulate.
" Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof."
Thus much, sir, I have deemed it necessary to
say, and thus much only, 1 repeat, that 1 might
not seem to treat the resolutions of that honorable
body otherwise th*m with proper respect.
The resolutions were ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SUMNER presented the memorial of the
Indiana yearly meeting of ami slavery Friends,
praying a repeal of the fugitive slave law, and a
modification of the Kansas and Nebraska act;
which was ordered to he on the table.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Stockbridge,
Massachusetts, praying the reference to an umpire
of all international controversies that cannot be
satisfactorily adjusted oy amicable negotiation;
which were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations
Mr. CHASE presented the petition of Boyd
Reilly, praying a renewal of his patent for a port-
able apparatus for the convenient and safe appli-
cation of gaseous and other vapors; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Also, the memorial of Boyd Reilly, praying
further compensation for the use by the United
States of his portable apparatus for vapor baths;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. FOOT presented a petition of citizens of
Burlington, Vermont, praying the erection of a
marine hospital at that place; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. EVANS presented the petition of B. F.
Sloan, administrator of F. Burt, deceased, late
Governor of Nebraska, praying the reimburse-
ment of the traveling expenses incurred by the
deceased in proceeding to Nebraska, to enterupon
the duties of his office; which was referred to the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Anson
Stuart and others, of Gowanda,New York, pray-
ing a modification of the act granting bounty land
to those who served in the war of 1812; which
was ordered to he on the table.
Also, the memorial of Starr G. Spalding, late a
paymaster's clerk in the Mexican war, praying
to be allowed extra pay and bounty land, and his
traveling expenses while on duty; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WADE presented additional documents in
relation to the memorial of Thomas W. Powell
and Emery Moore, cognizors of Otho Hinton;
which were referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Also, the petition of John Brown, praying an
increase of pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. PEARCE presented the petition of William
Jones, for himself ind others,of Barney's flotilla,
in the war of 1813, praying to be included in the
benefits of the bounty land bill now pending in the
Senate; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of
Louisa W. Gutwiler, praying the renewal of cer-
tain lost certificates of forfeited land scrip, issued
in the name of her father, John K. Lyle, deceased;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented the petition of
Joseph Wandestrand, praying the confirmation
of his title to a certain tract of land in Louisiana;
which was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a memorial of the
General Assembly of Arkansas, praying a grant
of land for the construction of a railroad along
the western borders of that State to the State of
Texas; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Arkan-
sas, in favor of a grant of land to that State for
the construction of a railroad from the Missouri
line to Helena, on the Mississippi river; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, resolutions of the General Assembly of
the State of Arkansas, in favor of the continuance
of the navy-yard at Memphis; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FITZ PATRICK presented the petition of
E. W. Martin, register of the land office at Elba,
Alabama, and James Larkins, receiver of public
moneys at the same place, praying to "be allowed
the same per centum on the sales of the public
lands as was allowed them previous to the act of
August 4, 1854; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the memorial of John
Devlin, a citizen of the city of Washington,
asking Congress for an appropriation to enable
hnn to give to the world a new system of astron-
omy, that will attract its attention, benefit man-
kind, and reflect honor on the place of its origin
the United States of North America; which was
referred to the Commitlee on the Library.
Also, the petition of Daniel Doland, n private
m Captain Steele's company of New York vol-
unteers in the Mexican war, praying a pension
tor injuries received in the line of his duty which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, a petition of one hundred and twenty
farmers of Tazewell county, Illinois, remonstra-
l'nS against the extension of the patents granted to
Cyrus H McCormick, Obed Hussey, and Moore
& Hascall, for improvements in reaping machines;
m WaS ordered 10 lie °n the table.
Mr. WELLER presented thememorial of The-
odore Adams, praying indemnity for lossea sus-
tained m consequence of the annulment of a con*
tract made with him by the Secretary of the
1 reasury, for erecting an appraiser's store and
warehouse at San Francisco; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
