658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
which has been the special order for ten months
without being considered.
Mr. SLIDELL. I desire to make an inquiry
as to the order of business of the Senate. At an
early period in the present session the bill for the
removal of obstructions at the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi river-was, on my motion, made the spe-
cial order of the day for the 9th of January. I
wish now to inquire of the Chair whether a special
order of the last session is still in force and takes
precedence of a special order of this session ?
The PRESIDENT. A special order which
was made at the last session, as a matter of course,
expired with the session.
Mr. GWIN. The bill to which I refer has
been, from the beginning of this session, on the
Calendar as the first special order. Ail the busi-
ness of the last session, whether on the special or
general orders, was continued.
The PRESIDENT. Any resolution at this
session making it the special order, as a matter of
course, stands.
Mr. GWIN. The bill to which I refer has
been the first special order on our Calendar for
the whole of the present session.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to inquire of the
Chair whether a special order of the last session
can take precedence of the unfinished business of
this session ? I think I can make a statement to
the honorable Senator from California,and to the
Senate, which will relieve us from all embarrass-
ment at this time. I believe I may say with con-
fidence that we are now prepared to take the vote
on the bounty land bill. It has been fully dis-
cussed. The substitute which I had the honor to
offer has been adopted. I have consulted with
the opponents, as well as the friends of the bill,
and I think we are now prepared to vote upon the
motion which has been made to reconsider one of
the amendments which has been added to the bill.
I believe that not more than fifteen, perhaps not
ten, minutes will elapse before we can take a vote
upon the bill to which 1 refer.
Mr. GWIN. My motion is to suspend all
prior orders that the Senate may take up the Pa-
cific railroad bill. I desire to put everything out
of the way of the consideration of that bill, arid I
will state my reasons for insisting on this motion.
It is now more than ten months since that bill
was reported to the Senate by a select committee
of this body, composed of nine members. It is
certainly the most important measure that ever
has been brought before the Seriate of the United
States. From the moment it was first reported,
during the whole of this Congress, there has not
been more than one hour's consideration of it.
We are now in the last month of this session, the
last session of the present Congress, and it is
utterly impossible for us to expect anything like
a favorable consideration of the bill if we do not
bring it up now.
As to the bill which the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania wishes to call up, let me say to him that,
during a day or two after this shall have been
under consideration, I will certainly give him an
opportunity for the final disposition of his bill, if,
as he says, it will only take a short time. We
have, however, no evidence of the fact that it will
take but a short time. When that bill shall be
taken up, the first thing to be done will be to vote
on a motion to reconsider an amendment which a
majority of the Senate has already adopted. Cer-
tainly the Senator from North Carolina, {Mr.
Badger,] who moved that amendmest, will not
consent that a vote shall be taken on his proposi-
tion without a contest.
All that 1 ask is, that the Senate of the United
States shall take up the Pacific railroad bill, which
was reported from the select committee more than
ten months ago, and indicate whether it is to have a
final disposition or not. Although it has been pend-
ing for such a long time, it has not been before the
Senate more than a single hour for consideration,
and then it was taken up merely as an act of court- |
esy, during the pendency of the late Mexican i
treaty, in order that the chairman of the select ■
committee might deliver his views upon the sub- j
ject. Now, 1 appeal to the Senate to give this ;
question consideration. As chairman of the com-
mittee I feel it to be my duty, from this time for- ;
ward, to press the bill, and I hope every friend of ,
the measure will stand by me on this occasion. j
The PRESIDENT. There are eleven special ]
orders on the Calendar, and the day for the con- i
sideration of every one of them has expired. It
is clearly in the power of the Senate to indicate a
preference for any one of them.
Mr. GWiN. That is what I ask.
Mr. CHASE. Which is the first bill on the
Calendar?
The PRESIDENT. A bill for the relief of the
claimants of the private armed brig General Arm-
strong, which is the unfinished business of last
Friday. The pending question on that bill is a
motion to reconsider.
Mr. BRODIiEAD. That is a private bill, and
goes over until next Friday.
The PRESIDENT. The next special order is
the Pacific railroad bill, which has been alluded
to by the Senator from California.
Mr. BRODHEAD. t move to postpone the
prior orders of business, for the purpose of taking
up the bill which I indicated.
The PRESIDENT. The motion of the Sena-
tor from California is pending.
Mr. GWIN. My motion ia to take up the Pa-
cific railroad bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I understood the Chair to
say that that bill was befoie the Senate.
Several Senatoiis. No, no.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I move to postpone the
Pacific railroad bill, if that be the first business in
order.
The PRESIDENT. The question pending is
on the motion of the Senator from California, to
suspend the prior order of business, for the pur-
pose of taking up the Pacific railroad bill. The
prior order of business is reports and resolutions,
as the morning hour has not expired.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SLIDELL. I wish simply to state, that I
must not be considered as opposed to the consid-
eration and passage of the bill which the Senator
from California proposes to take up; but I feel
myself'bound to urge the prior consideration of
the bill to which I have already called the atten-
tion of the Senate, and for that reason I shall vote
against taking up the bill of the Senator fiom Cal-
ifornia at this time.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator must know that, if
my motion be voted down, the next proposition
will be the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, which will also throw over the bill of the
Senator from Louisiana. I hope the consideration
to which he has alluded will not prevent him,
favorable as he intimates he is to the Pacific rail-
road bill, from allowing us to consider it. 1 shall
probably sustain his bill; at any rate, I shall do
everything I can to aid him in getting it up at the
proper time.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Clayton ,j in rny absence, on one day last
week—I think the last day of our session—gave
notice that he should, this morning, move to taite
up the bill known as the French spoliation bill.
On a conference with the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, who assured me that a bill, in which he felt
deep interest—the one to which he has invited the
attention of the Senate—would consume but very
little time, and that a vote would be taken very
soon upon it, I said to that Senator, I should not
urge this morning the motion which was indicated
by the Senator from Delaware until he should
have first submitted the motion to take up the
bounty land bill. The Senator from California,
however, has now submitted a motion to take up
a bill relating to the construction of the Pacific I
railroad. I have, on various occasions, indicated
my opinion as in favor of voting proper and effi-
cient means for the early construction of such a i
road, though I do not know that I am in favor of ]
this specific bill. Cut occupying the position !
which I do, having reported, at the laRtsession, a I
bill in favor of the French spoliation claimants, >
my vote on the motion of the Senator from Cali- '•
forma must not be regarded as indicative of my
own opinion on that question. I feel myself
compelled to give such a vote, as will insure the j
earliest consideration by the Senate of the bill to j
which I have alluded. |
Mr. CLAYTON. In the absence of the chair- j
man of the committee which reported the bill !
relative to French spoliations, I did give notice I
that I should call it up this morning. As the j
chairman of the committee is now in his seat, j
I have thought it proper to defer to his judgment >
in relation to this matter, and to leave in his hands
the bill which he originally introduced, and which
passed through this body; for the bill which the
House have sent us is substantially the same as
the one which was passed here. I defer to his
determination in regard to the matter, and leave
it in his hands to conduct the bill as to him shall
seem best.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to say a word in regard
to the French spoliation bill. It is well known to
the Senate, and to those members who have charge
of that bill, that I shall not throw improper ob-
stacles in the way of its consideration; but it ia
also known that a portion, at least, of those who
are opposed to its passage, had agreed that if it
was not brought up so as to interpose difficulties
in the way of the passage of the Army bill, we
should appropriate last Saturday for its consider-
ation. I was prepared to sit it out on that occasion.
The Senator from Texas [Mr. Rusk] and myself,
both consulted with the Senator from Delaware,
who had charge of it, and told him that we were
willing to meet on that day and sit it out. "Unfor-
tunately, however, there was an adjournrnentover.
Now, when the Senator from Maine, who has
charge of that bill, gives way to the Senator from
Pennsylvania, in favor of his bill, I should like to
know why he cannot agree to give the precedence
to that bill which is the first on our Calendar. It
hcs been the special order for ten months, and 1
hope it will now be considered. I am sure that
those who are in favor of the French spoliation
bill will not accelerate it by voting down the mo-
tion which I have made.
Mr. CASS. I rise merely to repeat what I
have said often before, that there are a number of
Senators who feel a deep interest in some measures
which are pending in respect to internal improve-
ments, and who have been urging the Senate, for
almost two months past, to act on the bills which
have been alluded to by the Senator from Louis-
iana. They have been twice made the special
order of the day—once, in the commencement
of January; and next, at a subsequent period.
Owing to circumstances, they were laid aside on
both occasions. These bills are matters of great
importance to many, perhaps to all sections of the
Union. So far as respects myself, I am determ-
ined, in any vote which I may give, not to agree
to take up any measures, unless such as are
indispensable, until those bills shall be disposed
of. I trust that those who view the subject as I
do, will act v/ith me on that point. If these bills
be put off from day to day, there is an end to all
hope of getting them through both Houses at the
piesent session. There is no more important
question before Congress than is involved in those
bills.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to ask the honorable
Senator from California whether he thinks there
is the slightest chance of the bill which he pro-
poses to take up, being passed through this and
the other branch of the National Legislature at
the present session of Congress.
Mr. GWIN. I do. I have not a doubt about
it, if we get up the bill to-day.
Mr. PRATT. Then the honorable Senator ia
perfectly right in advocating the proposition he
has made to take up that measure; butconvinced,
as I am, that, at this late period of the session, it
would occupy our time uselessly—because I be-
lieve it cannot pass both branches of the National
Legislature—I shall be opposed to taking it up
now. I am in favor of taking up other practical
measures which may, according to my judgment,
meet the sanction of both branches of the 'Legis-
lature. I do not believe—I am sure there is a ma-
jority of the Senate who do not believe—it possible
that the bill indicated by the honorable Senator
from California can be passed at the present ses-
si°n ■ TVe have but a few weeks of the session
remaining. 1 am sure that bill would occupy the
whole time of the Senate in its discussion, and at
last would result in no practical good. I shall,
therefore, reluctantly vote against the motion of
the honorable Senator from California.
Mr. WELLER. I hope we may be enabled to
obtain a vote on this question, without the con-
sumption of an hour or two, as is generally the
case in determining the order of business. I will
say to the Senator from Maryland, that, in my
judgment, the bill whichhasbeen reported by my
| colleague, will not only pass through this branch,
I but the other branch of Congress. That Senator
