THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. ■
33d Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY G, 1855.
New Series....No. 36.
cent general acts of the Government. Sir, I am
no great advocate for this pension system, except
invalid pensions, and there I would give liberally,
and to those extremely meritorious cases. But I
■have gone along with the tide. You commenced
in 1818, in giving it to the destitute officers and
soldiers of the Revolution. So it stood until 183:2,
when you threw open the bounty to all, whether
destitute or not, whether they belonged to the
Continental service or the State service, whether
there was a muster-roll or not. In the actof 1818,
there was a limit that there must have been nine
months' service; in 1832 it was brought down to
■six months; fcut the King's Mountain boys always
did their business too promptly, and were never j
worthy to be noticed, either in the act of 1832, or i
subsequent acts. I speak what I know, because !
I think I made two or three attempts myself, as a j
member of the [louse of Representatives, to have \
some notice taken of these patriotic volunteers of '
the mountains.
Mr. BUTLER. I am indebted to my friend
from Tennessee for bringing this subject to the
consideration of the Senate. I have heard with
astonishment the statement made by him that
the soldiers who were engaged in the battle of
King's Mountain, and their widows, by the pro-
cess of legislation, which has been observed in
reference to others, have been excluded from the
bounty of this Government. The honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] says that the his-
tory of that transaction is so uncertain that many
might be permitted to claim the bounty of the
Government v/ho are not really entitled to it. Al-
low me to tell that Senator, that if he will go up
into King's Mountain, he will find the certainties
of history written, and the names of those who
fell in that battle will be found in the epitaphs
written, modestly written, upon the tombstones
erected to the memory of the officers and soldiers.
Sir, I have no doubt but that you could find now
the memorials of Williams, and Hamright, and '
Captain Chronicle, and others with whom I am I
familiar; and I venture to say, if you will go to
Colonel Williams's family, there is not a name of i
the men who served under him which cannot be '
identified. I will venture to say that you can go to
the familyof Colonel Campbell—yes, I believe Col.
William C. Preston could give the name of very
nearly every man who served under that gallant
Colonel; and you may go to the Shelby family,
and find in the households of those persons, their
history treasured up as the proudest history of
the house. There were three brothers in that fam-
ily; one of them was killed, and his name is on the
battle field; and do you tell me, that you cannot
get tolerably—I do not say entirely—satisfactory
information, as regards those persons ? In passing
my eye, the other day, over Wheeler's Annals of
North Carolina, I found many of the names there
recorded; and while speaking of those whose names
are identified with that glorious achievement, I
ought not to leave out, sir, your own countryman, j
McDowell, [Mr. Badger in the chair.] Sir, I !
believe you ean find in the contemporary annals j
nearly all the evidence which is necessary, and |
better than the evidence which has heretofore
been resorted to. 1 am reminded by a friend that
another name has not been mentioned; and
whether it belongs to North Carolina or South
Carolina, it is dear to both, and a name illustra-
tive of private worth and patriotic heroism—it is
the name of Cleveland.
Mr. BELL. Wilson was also one of them.
Mr. BUTLER. Yes sir, and Wilson. Sir, I
will say of this amendment that it is the more ac-
ceptable one to me than any provision which is in
the bill, except the one which I proposed in re-
gard to the officers and soldiers v/ho served in the
Revolution. Will you say that those who served
at King's Mountain, their descendants, or their
widows, shall be excluded, when sir, you are going
to bestow the bounty of the Government upon men
who never drew a sword, and that upon the
ground that you cannot obtain a tolerable certainty
in relation to this matter? I will venture to say,
that if we include this class of persons, you can
36
have all the evidence reduced to as much certainty
as human cases generally are governed by. I
shall, therefore, very cheerfully vote for the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I shall not make a speech
upon the amendment. I only rise for the pur-
pose of saying that this is a similar amendment to
the one which was offered by yourself, [Mr.
Badger in the chair,] although it is sought to
give it a particular application to King's Mount-
ain. We have decided not to go back to the Rev-
olution. We have decided against your amend-
ment which proposed to give the bounty to the
State troops who were not mus tered into the
service of, and paid by, the United States. I there-
fore only ask for the yeas and nays upon the
amendment.
Mr. CLAY. I concur entirely in what has
been said by my friends from Tennessee and
South Carolina; and I wish to state to the Senate,
as an additional reason, why 1 shall support most
cordially, and vote for the amendment, that I hold
in my hand the petition of the daughter, the sole
representative of James Williams, who fell at the
battle of King's Mountain, prayingfrom Congress
a pension for the services rendered by her father.
It is stated m that petition, that all the male mem-
bers of her father's house, or nearly all of them,
fell either by the hands of the British or the Tories;
and that she alone, at the age of seventy years, is
the survivor of the entire number of children.
Now, sir, she is excluded from the pension roll,
because her father was not in the Continental line.
If he had been in the Continental line, though he
had never fought a battle, though he had really
rendered no service to the country, she would
have been entitled to the bounty of the Govern-
ment; and yet, inasmuch as he was not in the
Continental line, she is excluded.
The committee, it is true, have instructed me
to report against her petition, because it is with-
out precedent in the history of the Government; i
and, while I am constrained to concur in the rec-
ommendation of the committee, and am not will-
ing to extend the class of pensioners in that way,
because I am really opposed to the whole pension
system, yet I shall cheerfully vote for the amend-
ment to give her the poor pittance of one hundred
and sixty acres of land in consideration of the
services rendered by her father. In respect to the
difficulty suggested by the Senator from Michi-
gan, of proving the services of these persons, I
will state, what I believe has not been mentioned
to the Senate, that it is not now required, at the
Pension Office, that there shall be any record proof
of the service. It has been customary, under all
these laws, to ask only for oral testimony.
Mr. DIXON. I think my friend from Ten-
nessee might very much improve his amendment
by embracing the widows and heirs of the soldiers.
I think the amendment does not embrace them.
Mr. BELL. It embraces the widows and chil-
dren.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should like to have the
amendment read as modified.
It was read, as follows:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That each of the surviving
officers and privates who, in any of the wars in which tins
countiy has been pnya'Tei), pei formed military services
against the public enemy, though not regularly mustered
into the service oi the United States, and the widows and
children of such officers and privates shall be entitled to
all the benefits of the first section of this act.
Mr. DIXON. I have risen, Mr. President, to
make but a few remarks upon the amendment
offered by my honorable friend from Tennessee,
[Mr. Bell;] for I cannot suffer the vote to be
taken without expressing my concurrence, fully,
in the views which have been so ably advanced
by him. I am aware that, under the laws passed
in relation to pensions, all those v/ho served in the
revolutionary war, but who were not engaged in
the regular service, have been excluded from all
the provisions which were intended to benefit those
who were. I have always believed that there was
nothing more unjust than such a partial discrim-
ination. If there were any portion of the citizens
of the United States who were entitled to the grat-
itude of their country, surely they were those who
fought the battle of King's Mountain. It was A «
battle that covered this country, then in its in-
fancy, and struggling for freedom, with a halo of
glory that will encircle its brows until true valor
shall cease to be appreciated, and patriotism be no
longer considered a virtue. It was upon that mem-
orable occasion that the best blood of our country
was spilt in defense of the great principles of the
Revolution. It was upon that memorable occasion
that that triumph was achieved over the enemies
of our country that inspired confidence in our
cause, which imparted courage to our soldiers,
gave victory to our armies, and independence to
our country.
Mr. President, I was charged with a memorial
of the heirs of the late Governor Shelby, of Ken-
tucky, praying for compensation for the services
rendered by their illustrious ancestor in that cele-
brated battle, and also in many other hard fought
battles in defense of the liberties of the country.
That memorial was presented to the Senate, and
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims; that committee refused to report in favor
of the prayer of the memorialists, upon the ground
that it would open a door for too much expendi-
ture of the public money, or waste of the public
domain; or, in other words, that it would cost the
Government too much to pay them. I do not
nor can 1 concur with the committee. I know
that my honorable friends who are associated
with me on that committee, acted from a high
sense of public duty; but it is a policy I never can
approve. It strikes from the Temple of Justice
the very pillars on which it rests, and burns into
the brow of the country, in ever-living and ever
legible characters, the damning record of the coun-
try's ingratitude.
I know, sir, it has been said, and I fear with
too much truth, that all Republics are ungrateful.
Camillus, the conqueror of Vein, and his country's
deliverer, was banished from Rome because he
had his carriage drawn by white horses. Manlius
was condemned to be thrown from the Torpein
rock, from which he had hurled the enemies of
his country, upon the mere suspicion that he
aspired to royalty. Our Government has not
banished its old soldiers of the Revolution, nor
yet of the war of 1812, from their country, but it
has left them and their children, many of them, if
not to starve, without the means of a comfortable
subsistence. The war of the Revolution was one
of the most important eras in the history of the
world. It overturned the principles of long-estab-
lished dynasties, unsettled the foundations on
which despotism had for ages built up and ce-
mented Its power, and spread over the world, as
by the electric flash of the sun, the great and
important truths, that the people are capable of
governing themselves, and that kings and thrones,
and all the pomp and paraphernalia of regal
splendor and absolute power were unnecessary
to the happiness of the masses; to the diffusion
of knowledge; to the advancement of the arts; to
the upholding the principles and truths of our
holy religion; or to the strength and power of a
nation; or to its respectability even among the
Powers of the earth to whose political institutions
its own may stand opposed. The officers and
soldiers of the Revolution are entitled to the grati-
tude of the people of every civilized nation on the
face of the earth, for the noble sacrifices made by
them, both in money and in blood, to establish
these great and important principles. And yet we
behold them, or their descendants, almost in the
garb of beggars—hanging around the Capitol^ of
this great nation, and, from year to year, imploring
the Government to pay to them, from an over-
flowing Treasury, a pittance of the amount which
is justly due them, and which is necessary to sav®
them from the disgrace of begging their daily
bread. For my own part, whatever may be the
cold and selfish policy that may influence the votes
of others, either on a proposition to do justice to
the officcfs and soldiers of the Revolution, or their
children, or to the officers and soldiers of the war
of 1812, who achieved, on many a bloody field,
