1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
563
not to agree to it. I put in the words " performed
military service5' to distinguish all who come in
under this amendment from that numerous class
who never did perform military service, but who
are provided for in this bill. I consider that per-
forming military service is not merely being
enrolled.
Mr. SHIELDS. I care nothing for the enroll-
ment; I think the honorable Senator from Ten-
nessee is correct m what he says on that subject.
It does not matter whether a man was enrolled or
fiot, if he has performed military service; but I
think the honorable Senator is mistaken in sup-
posing that there is any restriction in his amend-
ment as it stands. It will include every man
who put a musket on his shoulder, and who
marched a day's march, whether he performed
any real service or not. Let me ask the honor-
able Senator whether it would not include those
men who, on the Canadian frontier, stood on one
side and saw a battle in progress on the other,
and refused to fight. I object to it on thataccount.
1 want to make a distinction in favor of the men
who performed real, actual service, whether they
were enrolled or net. They ought to be paid;
they ought to have compensation. The enroll-
ment is nothing. As I understand this amend-
ment, it goes much further than the honorable
Senator first intended it should go. I desire that
it should cover those whom he is anxious to
reward, because I think they are entitled to it.
Now, I propose that he restrict the amendment,
not to such men as performed military service—
for military service is anything and everything
almost—but to those who met the enemy.
Mr. BRODMEAD. Those who were engaged
in battle, though not paid, are already included in
the bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. If the honorable Senator will
8ay " performed military service by engagement
with the enemy," he will accomplish the object.
Mr. BELL. I will state the objection to that.
Some of those poor fellows who were not able to
get horses, descended from the mountains on foot.
When they found that Ferguson was likely to
escape, though they spent one night in selecting :
the best horsemen, and though some of them had
crippled horses, and there were but nine hundred
men, they determined to attack Ferguson the next
day. They did so, and they captured him. Now
would you exclude those gallant fellows who
could not get up in consequence of their not having
horses? I know the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois is too gallant and too chivalrous to exclude
several hundred of the men commanded by Mc-
Dowell, Cleveland, Chronicle, Hambridge, Wil-
liams, Preston, Shelby, and old Sevier. Sir, a
number of these names are illustrious in the tra-
ditions of that portion of the country. The great
difficulty on that occasion was to find horses, and
some of them went on foot. They were not able
to get up the mountain. Ferguson was under-
stood to be posted in an almost impregnable posi-
tion; yet they determined that he should not
escape. They knew he had sent a dispatch to
Lord Cornwallis, advising him that it was neces-
sary to reinforce him; but he felt himself so strong
that all the legions of another place that I will not
mention, could not drive him from his position
until he got assistance. But, sir, our gallant men j
held a consultation the night before, and the result !
was the sending of nine hundred of the most ex-
pert riflemen. It rained on the preceding part of
the day; and they had to take their coats off and
wrap them about their firelocks to prevent a fail-
ure. The gallant fellows in the rear did not get ;
up to the battle in time. They ought not to be
excluded, for their hearts were there. I think that
honorable Senators on the other side exaggerate
the effects of this provision.
Mr. SHIELDS. Let me suggest to the honor-
able Senator to confine his amendment to those
who fought at King's Mountain. I should vote
for that with great pleasure; but I see that it is
about to include almost numberless men whom
the honorable Senator does not intend to provide
for.
Mr. BELL, i would not exclude those who
were prevented by circumstances from taking part
in the battle. The restriction suggested by the
honorable Senator would excludethose whofought
at Cowpens. The Whigs of that neighborhood
and of the South, generally everywhere, were
always ready to go out without the aid of the reg-
ular army, and to march with their firelocks on
their shoulders to meet the enemy, I should be
very glad to avoid this objection; for I do not
wish to include a too numerous class. If there is
any term by which you can express it that those
shall be excluded who were not called out with
any view to meet an attack of the enemy, or
make one on him, I should agree to it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Bell, Benjamin, Brain-
erd, Brown, Butler, Clay, Clayton,Dawson,.Dixon, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Kvans, Fessendeti, Fuzpruiick, Foot,Geyer,
Gillette, Jones of Tennesse, Morton, Pearce, Rusk, Sew-
aid, Shdell, Thompson ot Kentucky, and Wade—-JG.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bright, Brodliead, Cass, Dodge
of Iowa, Gwin, Hamlin, Houston, Iluntei, Jones of Iowa,
Mason, Pratt, Shields, Stuart, Thomson of New Jei&ey,
YVelter, Wells, und Wiight—18.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GEYER. I have an amendment which I
wish to offer, as an additional section:
.find be it further enctdcd, Thai the quantity of land which
may be entered and paid lor by warrant issued by virtue of
this act, shall in no ease exceed one hundred and sixty
acres ill any one section.
Mr. President, the object of this amendment is
to attain an end proposed by the Senator from
Iowa this morning; that is, to prevent the location
of these warrants so as to occupy large districts
of country which will be in the hands of specula-
tors. 1 should prefer to confine the restriction to
assignees; but I see very readily that, if the term
" assignee" were introduced, the location would
be made in the name of the original warrantee as
he is called in the bill, and the consequence would
be that large tracts might be held by persons who
did not purchase them lor the purpose of occupa-
tion, but merely for the purpose of speculation.
Besides, sir, as the bill stands, when these war-
rants are issued you will have in the neighbor-
hood of every land office a competitor in the
market for the sale of land; and the warrants, be-
ing a paper circulation redeemable in land, will
prevent the receipt into the Treasury of money
from the sale of land. The object I have in view
is, to allow one fourth of the land in each section
to be located under a warrant, and reserve the re-
maining three fourths for sale to other purchasers
who may be ready to pay the money into the
Treasury. The chief object is to avoid the pur-
chase of a large number of warrants by a few in-
dividuals who will keep all the valuable land as
assignees, holding them up for the purpose of
speculation and not for occupation.
The amendment was not agreed to—ayes
eleven, noes not counted.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I offer the following
amendment:
Provided, That no warrant shall be issued to any officer,
non commissioned officer, or i rivate, whether volunteer or
milma-man, who refused, upon the call or the President of
the United States, to do service without the limits of the
State or Territory whence such mihua-man or volunteer
was called.
This amendment is so eminently proper that, I
presume, there will be no sort of opposition to it.
If so, I shall call for the yeas and nays on it, that
it may be known who are in favor of rewarding
the men who refused to take the part of their
country m a trying time.
Mr. CASS. I suppose the amendment refers to
the militia or volunteers in the service of the Uni-
ted States. Then, of course, there could be no
refusal to serve out of their own State, and J do
not know of any instance of the refusal of the
drafted militia to go out of the United States. I
suppose myself there is a constitutional objection,
if they were disposed to adhere to it; but every
one in the service of the United States was com-
pelled to go anywhere within the United States
when ordered by the Executive.
Mr. BADGER. Nobody ever denied that.
Mr. CASS. I think not.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The amendment which
I have offe.ed is intended to apply to those men
from Massachusetts, and other States, who re-
fused, upon the call of the President, to cross the
boundary line of that State. I wish to excludeall
of that class. I have those from Massachusetts
more particularly in my eye.
Mr. CASS. The Senate are well aware that I
fully agree with the honorable Senator from Iowa
in his view; but the difficulty that occurs is, that
those persons were not in the service of the United
States. The Governors of Massachusetts and
other New England States refused to put them
there. If they had once been placed there, they
would have been subject to the rules and articles
of war, and would have been^compelled to go any-
where where they might be ordered by the United
States. I agree fully in the object of the Senator
from Iowa.
Mr. BADGER. This amendment does not
reach that object.
Mr. CASS. No, sir; the amendment does not
touch that case.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I cailfor the yeas aad
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. I shall vote against the amend-
ment, and I desire to state, in one word, my rea-
son for that vote. It proposes to deny bounty
land to those soldiers who did not go out of the
State, when the Executive of their State was called
upon by the General Government to furnish troops
to the United States. I have no justification to
offer for the Executives of the different States who
refused to comply with the demands of the Gen-
eral Government; but I would not hold the sol-
diers responsible for the acts of the Executive;
and if we are to contribute to the soldiers who
served, I can draw no distinction.
Mr. CASS. Allow me to say to the honorable
Senator that this does not touch that case at all.
Mr. HAMLIN. I so understand it.
Mr. CASS. It prohibits the issuing of land
warrants to the soldiers in the service of the Uni-
ted States who did not go out of their State. The
case to which the Senator from Maine refers, and
which I wish to exclude, is that of militia who
were not in the service of the United States; wh ether
by their own fault, or by the fault of the Execu-
tive, makes no difference; but if I unJerstand this
amendment, it would not attain the object which I
desire toattain. If it would, I should vote for it.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hope the Senator
from Michigan will suggest such an amendment
as will meet the exact case. I wish to meet that
case on the record. I wish to record my condem-
nation of this act in men, officers,and all, because
the Governor was but the representative of the
feeling of the people of that section of the Union;
and it is idle to disguise the truth of history. I
wish to vindicate it, so far as I am concerned, by
my vote, and to brand my condemnation of their
act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to suggest to the
honorable Senator from Iowa, that as his amend-
ment now stands, it i3 simply unmeaning; that'is
to say, it does not apply to any person who was
called out during the last war. There were none
of those officers and soldiers who personally re-
fused to do duty. The refusal was on the part of
the Executive of their State. If he wishes to meet
that case, if his proposition goes so far as to say
that all officers and soldiers who were called out,
and who were passive in relation to that matter,
(who could not go except under orders, and were
in no manner responsible for the action of the Ex-
ecutive,) shall be deprived of their bounty land
on account of the action of the Executive, he should
so word it. As it stands now, it applies to no-
body. There was neither a soldier or officer ill
the service, or called out as a militia man, to whom
it will apply.
Mr. CASS. I will suggest to the honorable
Senator from Iowa a change of phraseology to
which I will agree: that the bill shall not extend
to any troops called out by State authority, and
refused by that authority to be placed at the dis-
posal of the United States. That will meet what
he wants.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I will modify my
amendment, at the suggestion of the honorable
Senator, so as to read:
Provided, That no tnihtia or volunteers called out for
the service of any Stare, and refused by the authorities of
<such State to be planed in the service of the United States,
shall be entitled to the benefits of this act.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller
in the chair.) The yeas and nays having been
ordered on the original amendment, the modifica-
tion cannot be made except by unanimous consent.
The Chair hears no objection. The question is
on the amendment as modified.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot vote for the
amendment as it stands, and, if it^ be agreed to,
I cannot vote for (he bill, because it will do great
injustice to a considerable number of men in my
