564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5>
own State. At that tirae, Maine was a part of
Massachusetts. Maine was then, and for a long
time continued to be, and may now be considered,
eminently a Democratic State. It wag not then
a State, but a district of Massachusetts—Demo-
cratic in itself, supporting the war, and opposed
to the action of the Executive of Massachusetts
at that time. The militia, almost to a man, in the
then district of Maine, as I understand the state
of things, at that time were opposed to the action
of the Executive of Massachusetts, with reference
to this very point. They were anxious to go
wherever it was necessary to send them. They
were under the orders of their superior officers,
and they could not control their own action. It
is very severe, indeed, in reference to them in par-
ticular, (and I presume the same was the case to
a considerable degree in Massachusetts,) to im-
pose on them this restriction, and say they shall
not receive their bounty land in connection with
others who rendered similar service, for the sim-
ple reason that they were subject to the action of
an Executive which they did notuphold or approve.
Why punish them for the action of a single man,
or a single set of men, which they could in no
way resist, but which they were bound to obey ?
Why, sir, the effect of this amendment, if adopted
by the Senate, would be to punish as patriotic a
set of men as existed anywhere.
Sir, I do not mean to go over the argument
which was advanced to the Senate the other day,
when this matter was up before, by the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Rockwell,] and others.
I content myself with the remark, that the effect
of this amendment would be most unjust upon a
set of men who were as anxious to go wherever
the necessities of the country required, as any
men who were in service.
Mr. TOUCEY. I shall vote against this amend-
ment, because I deem it entirely unjust to punish
the rank and file for obeying their lawful com-
manders. They were not responsible for the
orders issued by the Executive. If they were re-
sponsible, they redeemed that responsibility when
they afterwards came to the poll. Why, sir, the
most of these men were the very men who stood
by the Administration during the war of 1812—-
men who stood up in defense of the country, and
were not connected with the movements which
were adverse to the general interests of the coun-
try.
Besides all that, even those who are now com-
plained of—the Executives of the States—pushed
the doctrine of State-rights a little further than
they ought to have done; and as to these contested
points, thereis no longer any controversy in regard
to them. The whole country has become con- |
vinced that the claims which were then set up |
were not well founded. Under this state of things, ;
I ask why, in reason and justice, the consequences !
should be visited upon the brave men who were J
ready to stand by the country, and were only ;
guilty of obeying those who were appointed to
command them? !
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from Michigan has said that he goes for ,
excluding these persons from the benefits of this
bill, whether their not being mustered into the ser- J
vice of the United States was their own act or the
act of the executive authority of their State. Now, j
I cannot understand the justice or the propriety of
such a union of the governor and the governed, i
The fault—if it was a fault—was not the fault of
the men. The fault—if it was a fault—was the ;
fault of the Governor. The Governor will get |
nothing under this bill. He claims nothmgunderit.
But, by way of brvAum fulinen against him, to visit
a sort of sentence of condemnation upon what he
decided, now, when he is in his grave, you say,not
that his representatives shall have nothing, for j
they claim nothing, and can get nothing, but that l
the men, who had no influence or control over the \
decision, and wlio simply discharged the duty j
which they owed to their immediate superior, j
shall be excluded from the benefits of your pro- j
vision. If the object is not to do justice, I admit !
it makes no difference why they did not discharge
their duty to the United States. But if the object
is to do justice to all fairiy, it is all-important to
determine whether it was their fault or the fault
of another. 1 agree with what the Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Toucey] has said on that point.
Upon another point I do not agree with him:
btit on that I agree with what was said here by
thehonorableSenatorfrom Georgia [Mr.TooMss]
the other day. I Jiavs never been able to see yet
why the question whether the case existed in which
the Executive of the United States was entitled to
call for the militia, was not a proper question to be
determined by the Executive authority of the State
upon whom the call was made, and if so, there
might have been an error of judgment; if you
please, there might have been a viciousness of
opinion; but it was in the decision of a question,
the decision of which properly belongs to him. Be-
sides, sir, as well as I recollect the history of that
time, for I have not looked at it for many years,
and have only a general recollection of the partic-
ulars, the real question then was this: The Gov-
ernor of Massachusetts said he was not aware of
any invasion, but if the President of the United
States would say there was an invasion, he would
put the troops under his control. The President
called for the troops, but declined to make that
decision of fact, and the Governor of Massachu-
setts, after consulting the justices of the supreme
judicial court as to the interpretation to be put
upon his constitutional power, holding that he
had the right to decide, willing to abide by the
decision of the President, as having better oppor-
tunities of knowledge, if he would say there was
an invasion. Such a decision not being given, he
refused te put the troops under the control ef the
General Government.
But, as I have said, all that is a matter of no
importance, as I think, to the poor fellows who
are interested in the passage of this bill. Be it
that it was all wrong; be it that it was an assump-
tion of authority; be it that it was a case of con-
tumacy on the part of the Executive of one of
the States, in refusing just submission to the au-
thority of the Union, the troops were not respon-
sible for it, and, therefore, ought not to be pun-
ished for it. The day, I trust, has passed away
when the" father shall eat sour grapes, and the
teeth of the children be set on edge."
Mr. BPiOWN. The Senators from North Car-
olina and Connecticut assume, in this case, that
the men were anxious to march if their officers
had allowed them to do so. I say this is assump-
tion, because we have heard no evidence to sus-
tain it. It may be so, or it may not be.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator mistakes me. I
did not say so.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator from North Car-
olina, as I understood him, took the ground that
the men were not to be punished for the act of the
Governor.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly.
Mr. BROWN. If that is not assuming that the
men would have marched if the Governor had
ordered them to do so, or if he had allowed them
to do it, I have made a false deduction from the
premises.
Mi. BADGER. My friend will observe that
this bill does not provide for anybody except
those who did march, and those who did serve,
and those who did render military service. The
hill provides for nobody else; and the effect of this
amendment is, that, although they shall, in all
these respecls, come within the previous provis-
ions of the bill, yet, if these men in service, having
marched, and having rendered, military service,
were not put under the control of the President of
the United States, in consequence of the refusal of
the Governor, they shall be entitled to no benefits.
The bill does not provide for any class of men
who did not march and did not serve; and this
amendment is to take out of the benefits of the
bill men, if there are any—I do not know whether
there are or not—who actually did march and ren-
der military service, and who, upon the demand
of the President of the United States upon the
Governor of the State to put them under the con-
trol of the United States, were withheld by the Gov-
ernor from that control. That is what I under-
stand to be the effect of the amendment.
Mr. BROWN. 1 was about to remark that no
evidence was given to the world at the time, while
they were in service, that those soldiers desired to
march; and if any has been given to the world
since, it has escaped my observation. That they
obeyed, and obeyed willingly, seems to me to
have been well established by the history of the
times in which they lived. It is a fair deduction;
therefore, I think that they concurred in senti-
ment with the Governor and the officers over them.
That being true, I think it proper to exclude them
from the provisions of this bill. But, sir, even if
it were otherwise, I should be exceedingly reluc-
tant to vote for a proposition which did not show
upon its face that, in voting to pay soldiers who
did not march at the call of their country, we in-
tended to draw a distinction between them and.
the officers who refused to allow them to march.
There is a marked and distinct propriety in this
Congress, setting its reprobation upon conduct
like this. I dare say there is not a member of
this body who does not feel that, when the coun-
try is involved in war, it is as much the duty of
Massachusetts to defend Mississippi, as it is the
business of Mississippi or North Carolina to de-
fend Maine or Massachusetts. The officer or
soldier who refuses to march beyond the limits of
his State, because his particular State is not men-
aced or invaded, falls short of the performance ef
his whole duty.
Mr. BADGER. My friend will allow me to
say that is not the amendment before the Senate.
Mr. BROWN. I understand that is what the
amendment suggested by the Senator from Mich-
igan, to my friend from Iowa is intended to effect,
that soldiers who did not march shall not be ad-
mitted to the benefits of this bill. That I under-
stand to be the proposition.
Mr. BADGER. I no not understand it so.
Mr. CASS. The provision, as it is in the
amendment, is simply this: that no troops called
out by State authority, and refused by such
authority to be placed in the service of the United
States, shall be entitled to the benefits of the bill.
Mr. BROWN. If they were in the service of
the United States, then, as a matter of course, they,
would march wherever the United States ordered
them to go. Y\That was meant by refusing to put
them in the service of the United States, except
to confine them within the State by which they
were called out, and not allow them to go beyond
the limits of that State? I did not state the prop-
osition in the very words in which it is presented
by the amendment, but the idea is the same. As
I said before, I think Congress ought lo mark its
reprobation of conduct like this. If there were any
way of drawing a distinction between the officers
and soldiers, and showing upon the face of thelaw
that, while pay these men, we do it because
they would have marched if they had had power
to do so, without indorsing or seeming to indorse
the conduct of their officers, I should be willing to
go that far. But I am unwilling to give a vote here
which shall show that Congress, in any remote or
possible degree, approves such conduct in officers
or men. Fearing that, if we vote bounties to those
men who were restrained, if you please to put it
oi] that ground, though they never gave us notice
of the restraint during their service or afterwards,
our action here may be construed into a sort of
forgiveness of that conduct when we put them on
the same footing with others who did serve their
country in the States where they were called out,
and in other States, I shall vote in favor of thia
amenament. ^ If there was, I repeat again, any
way of drawing a distinction in favor of those who
would have served, if they had been allowed to do
so, I should be willing to go for them, but I am
unwilling, as I said before, to" sanction such con-
duct.
Mr. TOUCEY. Let me say to the honorable
Senator from Mississippi that there is not to my
knowledge an instance where a soldier, or a sub-
ordinate officer, refused to march beyond the lim-
its of his State. On the contrary, I undertake to
say that the people were willing to march any-
where; and 1 will state further, that, immediately
afterwards, both in Massachusetts and in other
New England States, the State administrations
which had pursued that course, when the people
came to act upon the subject, were overthrown,
and the friends of the war, and the friends of the
National Administration brought into power.
Mr. BROWN. I wish to ask my friend from
Connecticut, did those men who did not march
ever maniiest their disapprobation of the orders
of their superiors during the service, or after-
wards ?
Mr. TOUCEY. I will answer that they were
never called upon to march. I know not how it
is elsewhere, but in the section of country to
which I belong, it is deemed the duty of the sol-
dier to obey his superior officer, and the command
that is issued to him, if it is competent to is-sue
such a command, is implicitly obeyed.
