566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
any other country to war, and did finally driye
this country to war; but there was great forbear-
ance exercised by the statesmen of that period;
perhaps wisely, and certainly very patiently.
Eastport, in the present State of Maine, was
taken immediately after the declaration of war,
and before the Governor of Massachusetts under-
took to refuse the militia. Mackinaw was taken
before the same occurrence, though I do not know
that he knew it at the time. He did know, how-
ever, that part of Massachusetts, his own State,
was in the possession of the enemy. What did
he do? He said: "I have a right to determine
whether or not there is an invasion, and I think
there is no invasion, and I will not call out the
militia." Why, sir, it is marvelous that any man
could, under those circumstances, come to such a
decision, it never would have been done, but for
the high and excited state of feeling which pre-
vailed throughout the United States on that ques-
tion.
My honorable friend from Iowa has alluded to
the action of the Legislature of Massachusetts.
It is historical. The Legislature of Massachu-
setts said in substance—1 think I may appeal to
my honorable friend from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Wells,] who,I have no doubt,recollects it—that
it did not become a moral and x'eligious people to
rejoice at victories gained in such an unholy war.
That was substantially the declaration; and 1 re-
collect that a sermon was preached at the meeting
of the Legislature, in which this expression was
used by the clergyman—I forget his name, but I
think it was Osborne—" cursed belie that puts on
his arms."
That feeling prevailed, and led to these strange
events. The honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts is perfectly right in saying that it was not a
feeling in which the people of Massachusetts par-
ticipated. He is perfectly right in saymg that a
subsequent Legislature of Massachusetts did wipe
out this stain on their character. The old patriot-
ism of the State recovered its ascendency, which
it had lost, not by the action of the people, but
by the action of the men who were, unfortunately,
in power at the time.
Mr. President, in what position do we stand on
this question? Gentlemen say you should not
punish these men. Why, sir, it is not a question
of punishment; it is not even a question of pay;
but it is a question of gift. These men were paid
by the State of Massachusetts for their services.
The United States refunded to that State all that
she had paid them. Now, the question is, whether
we shall give a bounty to men, who did what?
Served the United States. We have no other
motive to give a bounty; and if they were not in
our service, and did us no good, what moral right
have we to giveaway the public property to them ?
They did not render service to the United States.
Honorable gentlemen say this was not their fault.
That is not the question. It was not the fault of
thousands in Massachusetts, and elsewhere, that
they did not come into service. No doubt they
would have ceme willingly, if they had been called
for.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to interrupt my
honorable friend, to read to him what Mr. Monroe
said in his message:
" Essentia] service was rendered in the late war by the
imltua of Massachusetts, and with the most patriotic mo-
ll ves."
Mr. CASS. I do not dispute the motive^.
Everybody knows, especially the old Democrats,
that the administration of Mr. Monroe was what
was called in those days " the era of good feel-
ing." Mr. Monroe was himself one of the
kindest men in the world, and some two or three
years after his Administration commenced, there
tiegan to prevail the era of good feeling, which
broke down all barriers between the two old par-
ties, as I believe, to the injury of the country.
Mr. Monroe kindly recommended this claim of
Massachusetts. He said her militia had rendered
service, but he did not say that they had rendered
service to the United States.
Why, Mr. President, the facts are these: Gen-
eral Dearborn, commanding that military depart-
ment of the country, made his call on Governor
Strong, of Massachusetts, saying, "lam directed
!>y the President to call for militia to defend the
United States, who are now invaded." Governor
Strong called upon the judgesof the supreme court
of Massachusetts, who, by a peculiarity in that
constitution, are obliged to give their opinion to
him, to advise him on the two points which I
stated the other day; first, whether the Execu-
tives of the States had the right, under the Con-
stitution, to determine when the emergency oc-
curred; and, second, if they had, was any officer
of the United States, excepting the President, as
constitutional commander-in-chief, authorized to
assume command over the militia so called out.
The Massachusetts supreme court decided both
questions agreeably to the opinion of Governor
Strong. They decided that the power of judging
was in the Governors of the States, and that there
was no power in the United States to govern the
militia when called into service, unless the Presi-
dent himself was actually,personally, on the field.
Any mail will see at once the consequence. We
have thirty-one States. Under this doctrine, we
should have thirty-one armies; and who is to com-
mand them?
I repeat, it wa? a perfect marvel then, and is to
this day, how any Legislature or any Governor
could take such ground, which would ^absolutely
neutralize and destroy the effect of the Constitu-
tion. You know,sir, perfectly well, that, between
the States of the old Confedeiacy, when the general
power was weak, there was a race as to who
should succeed best in defending their own States.
It was one of the greatest difficulties with which
General Washington had to contend, from the
battle of Bunker Hill downward, that there was a
predisposition on the part of every State to defend
its own borders and not look to the defense of the
whole. 1 have no doubt that this protracted the
war. Certainly, one of the first things under the
new Consiitution, was to create a force independ-
ent of the States.
Who should judge of an exigency like that?
The Governor of the State? He did not know i
the condition of the country; he did not know ]
what force was coming from Europe. As I said,
on a former occasion, no man will contend that,
before you can repel an invasion the enemy must :
actually land on your coast. Nobody will pre-
tend that you must make no provision for an army \
or militia until the enemy shall have landed on
your shores, and committed aggressions, such as
were then committed by the British. You have j
the power to judge of the preparation necessary, '
and, if that preparation is to be judged of by
thirty-one independent sovereignties, instead of!
being able to prevent invasions you would not be |
equal to the Achcean league; you would not be \
equal to Switzerland; you would not be any real '
Confederacy at all.
Now, the simple question is, under these cir-
cumstances, whether it is best for the American
Congress, with a view to the future, looking to
the past without passion, to give to those troops
an actual bounty from the public Treasury, to |
which they have no claim under any circum- I
stances. j
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, the honora-
ble Senator from Michigan would have made a
clear case in favor of this amendment, if the bill, :
as it now stands, were confined to giving boun-
ties to the officers and soldiers who were mustered
into the service of the United States; that is, he
would have made a clear case in favor of the pro- |
priety of the provision, but it would also be clear j
that the amendment, ought not to be adopted, be-1
cause it would be idle to provide that those sol- j
diers should not be entitled to the benefits of the j
bill who were not mustered into the service of the I
United States, if, by the frame of the bill as it:
stood, no soldiers were entitled to the benefits of1
it but those who were mustered into the service of j
the United States. But, as the bill stands, those
are entitled to the benefit of it who were not mus-
tered into the service of the United States.
The honorable Senator says this amendment
does not propose to inflict punishment. I admit
it; but it proposes to make a discrimination—an
unfavorable discrimination—a discrimination in-
tended to express disfavor and disapprobation—a
discrimination intended to oppose something like
ignominy upon the parties to whom it applies.
The whole bill is an affair of mere bounty. By
the proposed amendment the bill is made to say
this: Certain officers and soldiers rendered ser-
vice, though not under the command of the Presi-
dent of the United States; they shall receive the
bounty of the bill. Certain other officers and
soldiers rendered service, though not under the
command of the President of the United States;
they shall receive no bounty. Then the question
arises, why are they to be excluded? It is not
pretended that there was an y personal delinquency
in them; that they were guilty of any act or pur-
pose either against the interests of the country,
or against the supreme authority of the chief Ex-
ecutive of the country; but the simple ground
is, that these men, called out and rendering ser-
vice—and important service, in a military point
of view—were called for by the President of the
United States, and refused to be put under his com-
mand by the Governor of the State. Therefore,
although it does not propose punishment in the
common sense of the term, it proposes what is
punishment to every generous and feeling mind.
It is to put a stigma on these men, to make a dis-
crimination to their disadvantage, to affirm that
their course does not stand before us as the course
of others who rendered service. I cannot con-
sent, for one, to vote for that, when the ground of
it is, not anything that they have done, or any-
thing they have omitted to do, but that the Gov-
ernor of the State, who had control over them,
without whom they could not have been turned
over to the authority of the United States, thought
proper to refuse to put them under the command
of the President.
Now, sir, aa I have said already, I have no
doubt of the jurisdiction of the Governor to pass
upon that question, whether the contingency ex-
isted in which the call could be rightfully made.
Although I think, under the Constitution and laws
as they then stood, he had the power, I am also
very clear that he decided the question most erro-
neously. I agree with the honorable Senator from
Michigan, that when we speak of calling out a
force to repel an invasion, we do not mean to drive
out an enemy who has already gotten within our
borders; but we mean to prevent invasion, as well
as to expel invaders. We mean to repel it by
being on the borders to prevent the enemy from
making it; and if he is successful in making it,
then by expelling him. But, sir, if in this case
the decision was erroneous, the responsibility is
m no way attributable to the officers and men; and
therefore I agree with my friend from Connecticut,
that we are making a discrimination unjust to them,
as the party supposed to have offended in this case
will claim no benefit under the bill, and therefore
will receive no punishment from the provision
proposed to be incorporated into it.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator from North
Carolina says he does not wish to cast any stigma
on these men. Nor do I; but I wish to cast a
stigma on the act. There was a very strange
state of things. The authority of the United
States, under the Constitution, was denied, and I
wish to put my mark upon it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
upon the amendment of Mr. Dodcb, of Iowa, re-
sulted—yeas 29, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Benjamin, lirijht. Brodhcad, Brown,
Butler, Cass Clay, Dixon, Dodse of Wisconsin, Dodae of
Iowa, Douglas, Evans, Fitzpatrick. Givm. Houston, Hun-
ter, Jones of Juwa, Jones of Tennessee. Mallorv, Mason,
Pratt, R-eid, RnUi, Slidell, Stuart, Thompson ofKentueky,
Thomson of New Jersey, Wcller, and VVricht— 29.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen. Badger, iiraiiierii, Chase. Daw-
son, Fessenden, Foot, Gillette, Hamlin, James, Morton.
Sewaid, Sumner, Toueey, and Wade—15.
So the amendment was adopted.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read a third
time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, Shall the bill pass ?
Mr. CLAY. On that question I call for the
yeas and naya.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. Before the vote is taken, I wish
to say a word, that it may go on record. What-
ever my judgment might have been on the pro-
priety or expediency of giving bounty lands to
the soldiers of the last war wfth Great Britain, I
am precluded, by express instructions from the
Legislature of Virginia; but this bill, which pro-
poses to give that bounty, proposes also to ingraft
upon it a pension system, and to admit an indis-
criminate class of volunteers; I am not, therefore,
at liberty to vote for it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 had intended to make a
speech in favor of this great measure of justice to
the patriots who defended their country; but as I
