1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
56?
know the Senate is anxious to vote, I will let my
vote stand for my speech.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bell, Rrainerd, Brod-
head, Brown, Butler, Cass, Clayton, Dawson, Hivon,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Evans, Foot, Houston,
James, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Morton, Pratt, Reid,
Rusk, Seward, Shields, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson
of New Jersey, Wade, Wells, and Wright—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bright, Clay, Dodge oflowa,
Fessenden, Fitzpatrick, Hamlin, Ilunter, Jones of Iowa,
Mason, Slide!!, Stuart, Sumner, Toucey, and Weller—15.
So the bill was passed.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed an enrolled bill to change the
names ofthe American-built vessels J. H. Holmes
and Franklin Pierce; which was thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore.
JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
Mr. TOUCEY. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary have instructed me to report a bill establish-
ing a circuit court of the United States in and for
the State of California.
The bill was read the first time, and ordered to
a second reading.
JAPAN EXPEDITION.
Mr. MASON. On Friday last, on my motion,
the usual number of the correspondence and doc-
uments relating to the Japan expedition, was or-
dered to be printed. It has been strongly impressed
on me since, that we should print an additional
number. 1 ask, in order that it may not be re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing, the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to move that five
thousand additional copies be printed. I have con-
sulted two members of the Committee on Printing,
and they assent to it.
There being no objection, the motion was
agreed to.
SENATE BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secretary,
announcing that he had approved and signed the
following joint resolutions:
Joint resolution relative to the construction of
laws for the allowance of additional compensation
to the clerks in the Census Bureau;
Joint resolution respecting the Arctic expedition
commanded by passed assistant surgeon E. K.
Kane.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
During the pendency of the French spoliation
bill, at the suggestion of Mr. Rusk, by unani-
mous consent, the Senate proceeded to consider,
for the purpose of reference, the bills which had
been received this morning from the House of
Representatives.
The following bills were read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Pensions:
A bill to amend an act entitled " An act for the
relief of'George M. Bentley, of the State of Indi-
ana," approved August 5, 1854;
A bill for the relief of Thomas C. Ramsey-,
Ananias 0. Richardson, and James McLaughlin;
A bill forthe relief of William Brown;
A bill for the relief of James Mclntire;
A bill for the relief of Solomon La Follett;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Foreman;
A bill for the further relief of Isaac Allen, of
Turner, in the State of Maine;
A bill for the relief of Wyatt Griffith, of Wash-
ington county, in the State of Tennessee;
A bill for the relief of Paul S. Ridgway, of
Ohio; and
A bill increasing the pension of Anthony W.
Bayard, of Bellefonte, in the State of Pennsyl-
vania.
The following bills and resolutions were read
twice by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs:
A joint resolution for the relief of George W.
McCerren;
A joint resolution for the relief of John Dugan;
A bill for the relief of William G. Preston;
A joint resolution for the relief of James Hughes;
and
A bill granting a pension to James McCorraick.
The following bills were severally read twice by
their titles, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce:
A bill for the relief of John R Bowes, agent in
charge of the property of the United States at
Michigan City, in the Slate of Indiana; and of
Isaac F. Smith, of the city of Buffalo, New York;
and
A bill to refund to the officers of the customs,
and others, of the district of Passamaquoddy, cer-
tain moneys.
The following bills and joint resolution were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred to
the Committee on Claims:
A joint resolution m favor of William Monahan;
A bill for the relief of the children and grand-
children of Thomas Morris;
A bill for the relief of Medford Caffey, of the
State of Tennessee;
A bill for the relief of the widow of W. Irving,
deceased;
A bill forthe relief of William Haggerty; and
A bill for the relief of Thomas S. J. Johnson,
of the Territory of New Mexico.
The following bills were read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims:
A bill for the relief of George Bush, of Thurs-
ton county, Washington Territory;
A bill for the relief of James P. Roan; and
A lill confirming a land claim to Elijah White,
of the Territory of Washington.
The following bills were read twice, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary:
A bill for the relief of Frederick Griffing; and
A bill for the relief of Joseph Ridgway.
The following bills were read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs:
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of William A. Christian;
A bill for the relief of Sarah Morris, only heir
of Robert Mitchell, deceased; and
A bill for the relief of Rebecca Winn, widow
and executrix of the last will and testament of
Timothy Winn, deceased, late a purser in the
Navy of the United States.
The following bills were read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands:
A bill for the relief of Henry H. Marsh; and
A bill to establish the office of surveyor general
of Utah, and to grant land for school and uni-
versity purposes.
The bill for the relief of Samuel A. Belden &
Co. was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
The bill for the benefit of the heirs of Philip R.
Rice, deceased, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
DON B. JUAN DOMERCQ.
Senate bifl for the relief of Don B. Juan Do-
mercq, a Spanish subject, was returned from the
House of Representatives with an amendment, to
add at the end of the bill, " in full satisfaction of
any claim upon the Government of the United
States."
The amendment was concurred in.
"WILLIAM VAN WART.
The bill of the Senate for the relief of the heirs-
at-law of William Van Wart, deceased, was re-
turned from the House with an amendment, strik-
ing out the words " heirs-at-law," and inserting
" children."
The amendment was concurred in.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
Mr, HAMLIN. I move to postpone the prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill from
the House of Representatives, to provide for the
ascertainment and satisfaction of claims of Ameri-
ran citizens, for spoliations committed by the
French prior to the 31st of July, 1801.
Mr. STUART. I fear we cannot dispose of
that bill to-day; and I hope the Senator will not
insist upon the motion, but will allow us to take
up the bill which I reported this morning from the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. Hamlin's motion was agreed to; and the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until half-past twelve to-
morrow, and make it the special order for that
hour.
Mr. STUART. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to say that I have
made this motion, because the Senator from New-
Hampshire [Mr. Wells] intimated to me that, he,"
desired to address the Senate on this bill; and at this
late hour I do not suppose, either that he would
desire to address the Senate, or that the Senate
would wish to hear him. 1 confess that I would
gladly sit here until the rising of the sun to-mor-
row morning to close up this question; but I
have made the motion only because I knew the
Senator from New Hampshire desires to addresB
the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. He is a new member.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope not. I trust we
shall have an Executive session.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 17, noes 24.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Maine, to
postpone the further consideration of this bill
until half past twelve o'clock to-morrow, and
make it the special order for that hour.
Mr. CASS. I hope that every Senator who
feels as I do in respect to the great objects of in-
ternal improvement, provided for in bills before
the Senate, will vote against assigning this bill as
the order of the day for to-morrow. I shall vote
against the bill, although I am not going to throw
any difficulty in its way; but I da consider the
other bills to which 1 have alluded, as vastly more
important to the people of the United States.
Mr. PRATT. I am as decidedly in favor of
the bills of internal improvement, to which the
Senator from Michigan has referred, as hecan be;
but, as I shall vote in opposition to him on this
question, I desire to say that I consider that the
true friends of internal improvement, those who
desire to bring up the bills on this subject, will
vote with me to have this question disposed of. It
has sufficient friends here, and sufficient friends
outside the Hall to press it upon our consideration,
and to induce Senators to vote to have it up every
day until disposed of. The honorable Senator
from Michigan is opposed to the bill. I am in
favor of it; and I am equally in favor of the bills
of internal improvements which he has indicated.
I think the true objectof those who want practical
legislation at the present session is, to have a vote
upon this subject, and have it disposed of oneway
or the other.
Mr. CASS. I cannot conceive of any possible
ground why this measure should have the pre-
cedence over the bills to which I have alluded.
Mr. STUART. I shall not detain you at this
time. I asked for the yeas and nays on this mo-
tion, without any knowledge of the fact that the
Senator from New Hampshire desired to speak
on the question. If the Senator from Maine had
made that suggestion when he made his motion, I
should have consented to it, because I would not
insist that any Senator should speak to-night up-
on this bill, and especially an honorable Senator
situated as that one is. But, sir, I made the ob-
jection because 1 saw, or thought 1 saw, that
there was a disposition to prevent anything being
done, except what certain Senators wanted to do.
I saw no difficulty whatever, if certain Senators
wished to do a thing, in doing it, and the Senator
from Maine would yield; but when I asked to
have a bill taken up of very great importance, as
I thought, he would not yield to me at all. This
bill, therefore, would simply be kept in the way, ,
and the power of the Senate was about to be ap-
plied to keep it in the way; that is to say, they
would not allow fifteen minutes to consider a bill
which could be considered and passed, but they
would take up this and adjourn upon it. Now,
for the purpose of allowing the Senator from New •
Hampshire to speak on this question in the morn-
ing, I shall vote for the motion to postpone,
although I think the hour assigned for that Sena-
tor a very improper one. I think it would have
been much better to say one o'clock, and giveua
the morning hour for other business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER- The call for
the yeas and nays can be withdrawn by the unan-
imous consent of the Senate,but not otherwise.
There being no objection, the call was with-
drawn.
Mr. HAMLIN. I modify ray motion, so as
