568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
to make the bill the special order for one o'clock
to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
MAIL STEAMERS ON THE PACIFIC.
Mr. G-WIN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice has not been given, " to establish a semi-
monthly line of steamships from San Francisco,
in the State of California, to Puget's Sound in the
Territory of Oregon," with a view to its reference.
Leave was granted, and the bill was read a first
and second time by its title.
Mr. GrWIN. I move to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. And,
sir, to show the committee the £reat importance of
the bill to the Pacific coast, I will read to the I
Senate two communications from the members of
the two Houses from that section of the Union,
and call the special attention of the committee to
the subject:
House of Representatives, February 3, 1855.
Sir: The mail service between Sun Francisco and the
head of Puget's Sound, including bome dozen or moie
points, of more or less importance on the Sound, and on the
coasts of Washington, Oregon, and California, is, as you
are well aware, entirely inadequate.
The service of the Pacific Mail Steamship Company,
which, from various causes, is very irregular between San
Francisco and Astoria, embraces but one point between
those places, Port Oxford. And by tjie contracts of that
company, but one other intermediate point can he included
in their service. Ilumbolt Bay, Trinidad, and Crescent
city, in California, and Umpqua, in Oregon, are conse-
quently dependent on occasional steamers, or sailing ves-
sels, as opportunity offers, for mails to and from San Fran-
cisco and the Atlantic States. These are the trading posts
of a rich and extensive mining region in California and Ore-
gon, and Humbolt Bay maintains a large and profitable i
trade in lumber and heavy timber. To deprive the people |
in that section of mail facilities, or to extend to them, as is '
now done, an irregular, incflicient service, is a very great t
hardship. j
The citizens of Washington Territory have aNo strong !
reason to complain of the neglect of the Government with
respect to mail facilities, The bulk of population in that 1
Territory is, and will likely continue on and in the vicinity '
ofPuget'* Sound.
The mails for Olympia—the h  nd of the Sound—from
California and the Atlantic States, are taken to Astoria by
the steamers of the Pacific Mail Steamship Company.
Thence they are conveycd by steamboat to Itanier, a dis-
tance of fifty (50) miles ; thence across the Columbia, and
up tho Cowlitz liver, some thirty-five (35) miles, to Cow-
litz landing; and thence to Olympia, a distance of fifty-
seven (57) miles.
The Cowlitz river is not navigable, and is a rapid stream,
subject, at certain seasons, to heavy freshets. The mails
are carried up this river in an Indian canoe, and from the
Landing to Olympia, and thence to Strilacoom, and other
points lower down the Sound on horseback. The country
between these several points is without roads, or bridges
over the sloughs and streams, and difficult to travel. •
The usual tune for the mails between Astoua and Olym-
pia is four days, even when there is a regular connection
with the San Francisco steamer at Asioria, and regular
connection, also, at Ilawer. The time is often longer, es-
pecially when the Columbia river is frozen above Astoria
in winter, and tho Cowlitz bwollen by Hoods.
Governor Stevens, in his lirM message to the Legislative
Assembly of Washington, states the fact, that " for six
weeks during the last winter," owing to these defective mail
facilities, the " Territory was without communication with
the Atlantic States," and that, in the interval, sailing ves-
sels brought information from San Francisco. That was
an extraordinary ease of mail failnie, it is true; yet it for-
cibly exhibits the total inefficiency of the present mail ser-
vice via the Columbia and the Cowlitz, and overland to the
Sound. Besides thovse objections to the present service,
there is the further objection, that it leaves all the points on
the coast of Washington, and on the Sound, from Cape
Flattery to its head, almost, if not entirely, de&utute of
mails.
Puget's sound and its vicinity not only afford au exten-
sive and fertile agricultural region, but are rich in timber
and coal-fields. Population is on the increase, and the
lumber and coal trade wuh San Francisco is daily growing
in importance. The settlement of the Territory would lie i
greatly facilitated, and it? trade rapidly increased, if the j
means of reaching the country were provided by the exten-
sion of the mail service between Panama and Astoria to
Olympia. Such an extension of that service Congress
directed by the post-route act, at the second session of the
Thirty-Second Congress. The words of the act are: "Tho
mail route from Panama to Astoria h hereby extended to
Fort Steilacoom and Olympia, on Pugct'u Sound;" thus
looking to the mail service by sea in steamers.
In conformity with the laws of Congress, the Po«tm?>sfer
General, by advertisement, under date of October 13, 18o«'J,
invited proposals for carrying the mails on the followirg
route, embracing the service in which California, Oregon,
and Washington are equally interested :
" 12502. From San Francisco, by Gray's Harbor, in Ore-
gon, and Olympia, to Steilacoom, nine hundred and
fifty miles and back, once a month.
u Leave San Francisco on the 20th of each month;
i( Arrive at Steilacoom by the 29th ;
" Leave Steilacoom on the 4th of each month;
u Arrive at San Francisco by the 13:h ;
"Proposals, including the supply «f Trinidad,California,
Umpqua City, Oregon, or Astoria, Oregon, or all of
them, will be considered ; also, proposals to run only
as far as Gray's Harbor."
Proposals were received from responsible parties, at a fair
rate for such an extended service. The Postmaster Gen-
eial, however, declined to make a contract, on the ground
that the expenses of the Post Oflice Department for mail
service must be reduced within the lowest practicable sum;
and further, that this service was not indispensable.
The motives which influenced the decision of the De-
partment were undoubtedly correct, but based on errone-
ous opinions, and a mistaken public policy. Governor
Stevens, of Washington j Governor Davis, of Oregon; the
Senators and Representatives of California, and the Dele-
gates from Oregon, and Washington, urged the importance
and necessity of the service. The Legislature of Califor-
nia, and the Legislative Assembly of each of the Terri-
tories, have earnestly memorialized Congress in ita favor,
and the people and press of the Pacific are clamorous fonts
establishment.
All these influences Jiaving failed with the Post Office
Department, justice to the Pacilic coast, to Washington
and Oregon Territories, and to California, suggests and re-
quires an appeal to Congress. This appeal, unless it be
intended to deny to us mail facilities extended to every
other section, will not, we aie confident, be in vain.
We have, therefore, to request you to procure the en-
closed amendment to bo made to the Post Office appropria-
tion bill now before the Senate. It merely provides that
the mail service established by Congress to meet tho wants
ot ihe Pacific eoast, or so much of it as may be necessary,
shall be put in immediate operation. *
The cost of the service semi monthly, even if the whole
so tnce adoettised by (ho Depatlment be contracted for, will
not exceed a lair standard of economy. It will cost less,
indeed, than any similar service of the same extent, and
supersede the necessity almost of any further mail service
fur Washington Territory. And the service is as important
to the Government as to tho people of tho Pacific coast.
Our Indian relations, military establishments, land offices,
and custom houses in Oregon and Washington cannot he
efficiently managed unless there be lehnblc and lesjular
mail communication between the Executive Departments
and those distant Teri Hones. Such facilities do not now
e\is-t, and cannot be otherwise provided than in the man-
ner we propose. And independently of these considera-
tions we deem it to be the duty of the Government to con-
tribute at leaM so l.ir towards their settlement.
It is unnecessary to say more to you with icference to this
measure of necessity to our Pacific section. Nor do you,
or your respected eodeayue in the Senate, require any
prompting in us bell.ill, especially as it will confer the same
benefits on California as on those we represent. Youaio,
however, a member of the Committee on Finance m the
Senate, to which the lull, it is desirable to amend as we
Miggest, has been referred. Our only object, theicfore, in
addressing you ibis communication, is to show the Senate's
committee, and the Senate itself, that we have a valid
claim to the favoiablt; intei vcniion of Congress ; that we
make no ill-tempered or discourteous protest against the
action of Die Postmaster General; and that all the repre-
sentatives o( ihe Pacific coast unite m asking Congress to
do justice to their people.
We would further remark, that while anthonfy to estab-
lish the service advertised by the Postmaster General had
been twice conferred by Congrc-s at the last session, an-
other route was authorized, "From San Francisco via
Trinidad and Cresccnt city (by sea) to Ilumbolt Hay." The
amendment we furnished you for the post oflice appropria-
tion bill, should it become a law, will provide this service,
and do away wuh tin; necessity for the separate route above
mentioned.
Our effort would have, been made to amend the bill as we
propose in the House of Represeiilanvcs, but for other en-
gagements ot the Delegate from Washington, who had it
more especially in charge.
We enclose you the copy of a later on this subject,
which was addiessed to the Postmaster General during the
last session of Congress by the Senators and Representa-
tives of California, the Delegates from Oregon and Wash-
ington, and Governor Stevens.
We have the honor to be, veiy respectfully,
COLGMHIA LANCASTER,
JOSEPH I.ANF
Hon. William M. Gwin, United State* Senate.
Washington, July 15,1R54.
Sir: The undersigned would respectfully lint earnestly
urge upon the Post Office Department, the necessity of pro-
viding an efficient mail service between San Francisco and
Olympia, m the Territory of Washington, including all ac-
cessible points intermediate on the coast of California and
Oregon.
There i<j no mode of supplying the people of Washington
Territoiy, and of the northern coast of California and
lovvei Oregon with the mails except by ocean steamers.
This entire country, especially WasJmtgion Terntory, is
now without proper mail facilities. Between San Francisco
and Olympia ihero is no direct communication except by
sailing ves>els.
There is, vv^ believe, no want of power in the Postmaster
General to interfere wiih the establishment of such a mail
service—the authority having been conferred by Congress
some two years ago, and propolis received therefor by the
Department at fheiaM letting of mail contract*.
The necesMty for the service is clear, and it can only bo
made efficient hy ihe employment of a steamship of great
strength auil '-peed, with a light draught of water.
We have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servants,
COLUMBIA LANCASTER,
JOSEPH LANK,
J. A. AIcDOUOALL,
JOHN U. WEliLEIt,
wm. m. gwin.
Hon. Jamfs Oampbfu,, Postmaster Genet al,
i concur fully with the views set forth in the preceding
memorial.
A* reg-uds Washington Territory, I can speak from inti-
mate personal and official experience. Aud I aiu, more-
over, .-atisfted {hat before a mail ecrvice hy pteamers, even
with promptitude, can be put in operation, the business of
Washington Territory wili fully authorize the extension of
the mail faciinies asked.
ISAAC J. STEVENS,
Governor Territory Washington.
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
INDIAN AFFAIRS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, in reference to the execution of the act of
July 31, 1854, in relation to the removal of the
California Indians, which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a message from the President of the
United States, communicating a recommendation
from the Secretary of the Interior for certain ap-
propriations 'or the Indian department; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
PURCHASERS OF SWAMP LANDS.
Air. STUART. I ask the Senate now to take
up the bill which I reported this morning, for the
relief of purchasers and locators of swamp and
overflowed lands. It is a House bill, which has
been reported with an amendment of but five or
six lines, and it is very important that it should
be sent to the other House immediately, if it is to
be acted on during the present session.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
its object is to direct the President of the Uni-
ted States to cause patents to be issued, as soon as
practicable, to the purchaser or purchasers, locator
or locators, who have made entries of the public
lands claimed as swamp lands, either with cash,
or with land warrants, or with scrip, prior to the
issue of patents to the State or States, as provided
for by the second section of the act approved Sep-
tember 28, 3850, entitled " An act to enable the
State of Arkansas and other States to reclaim the
swamp lands within their limits." Upon due
proof by the authorized agent of any State, before
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, that
any of the lands purchased or located were swamp
lands, within the true intent and meaning of the
act of 1850, the purchase money is to be paid over
to the State; and where the lands have been lo-
cated by warrant or scrip, the State is to locate a
quantity c>f like amount upon any of the publi
rpi8 ®"b-iect $1 25 per acre, or less.
1 he Committee on Public Lands reported it with
an amendment to addat the end ofthe first section,
the following: '
Provided, That the proper authorities ofthe State in which
any such laud, are situated, shall first release and"wren-
fr.'. m  SUC ! ?rm tlle Secretary of the Interior fhall
pr* .scribe, all claims to the lands so purchased or located ♦
a id no patent shall be issued to any such purchaser or loca-
tor until the required surrender shall have been made.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, the amendment was con-
curred m and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill
to be read a third time. The bill, as amended,
was read a third time, and passed.
On motion the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 5, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Praver
by Rev. Henry Slicer. grayer
The Journal ofSsfturday was read and approved.
NEW ORLEANS CUSTOM HOUSE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasurv
transmitting a tabular statement of the subsidence
of the walls of the New Orleans custom-house
subject6 Also" °f ^ ™Perintende"t  pon the
subject. Also, a communication from theTreasurv
atTherMrnnt,'I'n refer,fnCe t0 the Profit, of Sgl
' ' r during the year 1854; which commu-
o~toabeprtredWere k,d °n the taWe'and
of btusinMsNGMAN- 1 CaU f°r the regular order
SPECIAL, ORDERS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
tion:18 c°nsideration of the following resolu-
