1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
569
Resolved, That the 7ih day of February next be set apart
for the consideration of business of a public character,
reported, or to be repoited, by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I understand
that the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Houston] desires the 7th day of
this month to make a trial in reference to the tariff
bill; and, if it be acceptable to the House, I will
amend the resolution by inserting the 8th day,
instead of the 7 th.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection the
alteration will be made, and if objected to the
resolution will be open to amendment by the
House.
There being no objection the alteration was
made.
WEST FELICIANA RAILROAD COMPANY, ETC.
Mr. HILLYER. I rise to ask the unanimous
consent of the House to discharge the Committee
of the Whole House from the further consideration
of the bill of the Senate (No. 256) for the relief
of the West Feliciana Railroad and Georgia Rail-
road and Banking Companies.
My colleague [Mr. P^eeseJ desires the House
to indulge him in making an explanation, and I
yield the floor to him for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
No objection being made,
Mr. REESE said: My colleague [Mr. Hill-
yer] has made several efforts to get this bill
before the House for the purpose of disposing of
it. The report of the committee, which reported
this bill, sets forth very fully all the material points
in the case, and it seems to me that my colleague
has so frequently referred to all the important
points in it, in the short addresses he has hereto-
fore made to the House, that the whole matter
must be understood by it.
It is a bill for the relief of two companies, by
reimbursing them certain duties paid on railroad
iron. Under the law of 1832, iron imported for
the purposes of railroads, should come in duty
free. Under the operation of that law the Geor-
gia Railroad Company, and various other com-
panies in Georgia, commenced their railroads.
They commenced in 1835, as did also companies
in Louisiana, among others the West Feliciana
Railroad Company. But the financial embarrass-
ment of the country during 1837 and 1838, and
even up to 1840, prevented them from completing
their roads as early as they had a right to expect.
The roads were commenced under full belief that
they (the companies) would have no duty to pay
upon the iron used. They were, however, una-
ble to get the iron in under the operation of that
law, [1832,] and in 1843 Congress passed a law
extending the law of 1832 to 1844, during which
time, and during the year 1843 and the first part
of the year 1844, the iron was imported and laid
down upon the road. This will be made satis-
factorily to appear to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, before he will be under any obligation, by
the bill, to make any repayment of duties.
As an evidence that the road was finished in
1844—the law was to expire in March, 1842—
during the session of Congress in 1844, this rail-
road company applied to Congress to have the
duties which they had paid remitted to them,
showing that the road was completed, and that the
iron was laid down within a very short pel iod after
the expiration of the law of 1843.
The same privileges have been extended to other
roads similarly situated—to the Central Railroad of
Georgia, to the Monroe Railroad Company, and to
a railroad company in Pennsylvania.
Some gentleman stated the other day, that he
was opposed to class legislation. I canp.ssure the
House that there are no other roads that can come
in and ask the benefit of the provisions of this bill.
There are no other railroads which commenced
their operations during the existence of the law of
1832 which have not been released, and conse-
quently there is no danger that the House, or the
country, will be troubled by applications from
other companies for relief of this kind.
I hope, therefore, the House will take up this
bill, and particularly on account of my colleague,
[Mr. Hillyer,] whose constituents are directly
interested in this bill, and who is about to leave
the city in a few days, and will not be able to be
here when the bill will come up, it it retains its
regular place upon the Calender.
I will say further that this is a peculiarly hard
case. This bill has been pending for the last
eleven or twelve years, and has passed the Senate
again and again. At the last session of Congress,
after a thorough investigation, it passed the Senate
without a dissenting voice. I hope the House
will now pass it.
Mr. HILLYER. I now ask the unanimous
consent of the House to discharge the Committee
of the Whole House from the further considera-
tion of the bill.
Mr. LILLY. I object.
Mr. HILLYER. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, to enable me to introduce a motion to that
effect.
The SPEAKER. There is already a propo-
sition to suspend the rules pending, and until that
is disposed of, another similar motion is not
strictly in order. The rules were suspended last
Monday for the purpose of introducing this prop-
osition .
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. It is neces-
sary to alter the resolution so as that it will read,
February instant.
The correction was so ordered.
The question was put on the resolution; and
upon a division of the House, there were—ayes
eighty-nine, noes not counted.
Mr. OLDS. I demand the yeas and nays on
the passage of the resolution.
Mr. SICELTON. Is it in order to amend the
resolution at this stage of the proceedings?
The i-.PEAKER. ft is in order.
Mr. SICELTON. Then I shall make one. I
move to amend the resolution so that it will read:
That each of the standing committees of this
House, in the order m which they stand, shall
have one day set apart for the consideration of the
business which may be reported from it.
Mr. JONES, of'Tennessee. How many stand-
ing committees are there ?
The SPEAKER. There are thirty-nine stand-
ing committees.
Mr. JONES. And there are, including to-day,
twenty-four days still remaining of this session.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. We can have an
extra session under the resolution. [Renewed
laughter.]
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move to add to the resolu-
tion these words:
And that Tuesday next, the 13th of February, be set apart
for the consideration of all bills of a public character from
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
question of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
resolution is amendable.
Mr. STANTON. I called for the previous
question on the resolution a few moments ago,
and while that call is pending, the resolution is not
amendable
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear, nor
entertain the call for the previous question, or
amendments would be ruled out of order.
Mr. STANTON. I call for the previous ques-
tion now.
The call for the previous question received a
second, and the main question was ordered to be
now put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let us have the
yeas and nays on the question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Have the yeas
\ and nays been ordered on the resolution, or on
the resolution and amendment?
The SPEAKER. They have been ordered on
the resolution and amendment.
Mr. JONES. It takes two thirds to adopt the
amendment. .
The SPEAKER. It will take two thirds to
adopt the resolution after it is amended.
Mr. JONES. The rules were suspended for
the introduction of the resolution, but not for the
introduction of amendments relating toother busi-
ness. . , , ,
TheSPEAKBR. If the question had been
raised the Chair might have ruled the amendment
out of order, relating, as it does, to the business of
a committee distinct from that of the original reso
lution.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from OhioJ I
think, only called for the yeas and nays on the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. OLDS. 1 only want the yeas and nays orr-,
the adoption of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Then, if the yeas and rrays
are not desired on the amendment, the question-
will be now taken on it, without them.
The question was taken, and the amendment
submitted by Mr. Bocock was adopted.
The question was taken on the resolution as-
amended; and it was agreed to—yeas 126, nays-
43; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. AHen, Willis Allen, Apple-
ton, Ashe, Thomas H. Bayly, Barksdale, Belcher, Renson,
Bliss, Boeoek, Breckinridge, firistow, Campbell, Caru-
thers, Caskie, Chamberlain, Chandler, Chastain, Chris-
man, Clark, Clingman, Cox, Cullom, Curtis, Cutting, Johns
G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Disney, Danbar, East-
man, Eddy, Edgerton, Thomas D. Eliot, John M. Elliott,,
Ellison, Everhart, Farley, Fenton,Flagler, Franklin, Ful-
ler, Giddings, Green, Greenwood, Grey, Ilastirms, Haven,
JIibbard.Hiester, Hillver, Howe, Hunt, Ingersolt, Johnson,
Roland Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Lamb, Lane, Letcher, Lmriley,
I.yon, McCulloch, MacdonaW.MoDougall, MeNair, Mace,
Maxwell, Mayall, Smith Miller, Morrison, Nichols, Noble,
Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Peck, PecKhani, John Perkins,
Powell, Pratt, Pringle, Paryear, Ready, Reese, Richardson,,
Itiddte, Davul Ritchie, Thomas Riciiey, Robbing, Rogers,
iluffin, Russell, Seward, Seymour, Shannon, Shaw,
Shower, Simmons, Skelton, Samuel A. Smith, George W. •
Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, ltiehard H. Stanton, Hestoic
L. Stevens, Andrew Stuart, John J. Taylor, Teller, Thurs-
ton, Tracv. Trout, Tweed, Upham, Vansatit, Wade,
Walker. Walley, Warren, Elliim B. Washbnrne, Israel
Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth, Westbrook, Wheeler,
Hendrick It. Wrigiit, and Yates—126.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Banks, Bennett, Bridges, Carpen-
ter, Cobb, Cook, Corwin, Craige, Etheridge, Gamble, Grow,
Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. ilarlan, Wiley P.
Harris, Henn, Hill, Houston, Hughes, Darnel T. Jones,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Ktttrcdge, Knox,
Knriz, Lilly, Lindslcv, McUueen, Matteson, Morgan, Nor-
ton, Olds, Andiew Oliver, Pennington, Phelps, It owe,
Sabin, Sage, Sapp, John L. Taylor, Wals-h, and Zollicof-
fer—43.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted, and to lay that motioji upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
Here a message was received from the Senate,
by the hand of Asbury Dickins, Esq., their Sec 
retary, notifying the House, that that body had
passed a bill to promote the efficiency of the Navy,
and sundry private bills, in which it asked the
concurrence of the House.
WEST FELICIANA AND GEORGIA RAILROAB
AND BANKING COMPANIES—AGAIN.
Mr. HILLYER. Mr. Speaker, I now renew
my motion to suspend the rules, for the purpose
of discharging the Committee of the Whole House1
from the further consideration of Senate bill (No.
256) for the relief of the West Feliciana Railroad
and the Georgia Railroad and Banking Com-
panies.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I move an amendment,
which I hope may be accepted by the gentleman
from Georgia. In addition to his motion, I ask .
that the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar be discharged from the further
consideration of the joint resolution fof the relief
of Joel Henry Dyer. The amendment will give
his motion a great deal of strength on this side of
the House. [Laughter.] The joint resolution to
which 1 refer, I can say to the House, is all right.
Mr. HILLYER. 1 do not want to embarrass
my motion, and therefore decline accepting the
gentleman's amendment.
The question was taken on the suspension of
the rules, for the purpose of discharging the Com-
mittee of the Whole House; and two thirds voting
in the affirmative, they were suspended.
The question was taken on discharging the
Committee of the Whole,House from the further
consideration of the bill; and it was agreed to. _
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I would ask the Chair
whether my amendment is now in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order. Besides,
the gentleman from Georgia declines to accept it.
Mr. HILLYER. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the third reading of the bill.
The call for the previous question received a
second, and the main question was ordered to be
now put.
The bill was read in extenso. It directs the Sec-
retary  f the Treasury to refund to the West
