580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
knowledge of the character of Mr. Chase; I have
no personal acquaintance with him; and have
never, to my knowledge, passed a word with him
in my life. I am not his apologist, nor his cham-
pion. For aught I know he may be a very unlit
person to enjoy the privilege accorded to him by
the Speaker. Certain it is, however, that the
Speaker could have known no good reason for
refusing him a reporter's desk as late as at the
opening of the present session; and it is worthy of
remark, too, that the facts disclosed by the com-
mittee were laid before the House at the last ses-
 ion; and that the fact of his being a claim agent,
if such he is, was fully admitted by himself in his
examination before the committee, then printed
as a public document of this House. I only
desire that the House shall do that which will best
consist with its own dignity, and the justice it
owes to the citizen.
Mr. WALSH, I rise to a question of order.
It is, that when a person gives way to another,
it can only be for the'purpose of personal explan-
ation, and the person to whom he yields has no
right to make a speech.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds the ques-
tion of order to be well taken, and will endeavor
to enforce the rule.
Mr. PECKHA.M. I have but a word or two
more to say.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the gentleman from
New York to allow me to say one word. I shall
support the gentleman's motion for the purpose
of enabling me to introduce the following sub-
stitute:
Resolved, That the privilege extended to newspaper re-
porters to occupy a place within tlie Hall of this House, be
withdrawn, except as to the regularly employed reporters
of the daily newspaper press of the city of Washington,
and not more than one of such reporters shall be allowed
to each of said papers, except the Congressional Globe.
[Many Voices. " Oh No!" " No !"]
Mr. PECKHAM. One moment more, for ex-
planation, and 1 will call the previous question. I
do not agree to the construction which my friend
from New Jersey has placed upon the rule. It
seems to me to be altogether too narrow an inter-
pretation. The application in behalf of Mr. Colt,
for the extension of his patent, which is now pend-
ing before this body, seems to me to come fully
and entirely up to the substance and spirit of that
rule; and Mr. Chase has, under oath, admitted
himself to be an agent in behalf of that applica-
tion. It is an important claim, in the enlarged and
liberal sense of that word. He has admitted him-
self to be an agent in behalf of that which 1 call a
claim, in the true understanding and meaning of
the term. He comes, then, within the rule, and
therefore eould not be allowed the privileges which
that rule has heretofore extended to him. Under
such a state of facts he would not be admitted, if
he made application to the Speaker for that pur-
pose, and disclosed the whole case. He should,
therefore, not have the privilege. Not desiring to
make a speech upon the subject, if it be in order,
Mr. Speaker, I move the previous question upon
the motion to reconsider.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. FULLER. 1 rise to a privileged question.
I move that when this House adjourns it adjourn
to meet at eleven o'clock to-morrow.
The SPEAKER.. That would be changing the
regular hour of meeting under the rules of the
House.
Mr. FULLER. Then I move to suspend the
rules to enable me to submit the motion.
The SPEAKER. But the previous question
has been ordered upon another matter, and, until
that is disposed of, the motion to suspend the
rules cannot be entertained.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. On the motion to re-
consider I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Edmdndson
and Fuller were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 71, noes 35; no quorum voting.
Mr. SAPP. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
While the resolutions relating to Mr. Chase
were under consideration—
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, here reported as correctly enrolled, bills of
the following titles, which thereupon received the
signature of the Speaker:
An act for the relief of the heirs of Joseph
Gerard;
An act for the relief of Catharine B. Arnold;
An act to increase the pension of Patrick C.
Amos;
An act for the relief of E. J. McLane;
An act for the relief of the administrators of
Oliver Lee; and
An act for the relief of the West Feliciana Rail-
road, and the Georgia Railroad and Banking
Company.
The House, at half-past four o'clock, adjourned
until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 6, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
FETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. PETT1T presented documents in support
of the claim of Martha Scott, widow of a revolu-
tionary soldier, to a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of
William H. French, praying that a pension may
be granted to Mrs. A. D. Reeves, widow of Cap-
tain J. S. IC. Reeves; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HAMLIN presented an additional docu-
ment in the case of G. R. Drake; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
Also, the memorial of Robert Graham, praying
a confirmation of his title to certain land, and
compensation for such other land as belonged to
him, but was sold by the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a resolution
of the General Assembly of the State of Iowa, in
favor of the adoption of measures for the protec-
tion of emigrants, and the establishment of tele-
graphic and mail communications between the
Mississippi river and the Pacific ocean; which was
referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the memorial of
George F. Ryder, praying remuneration for losses
sustained by the falling of the iron bridge at the
Little Falls of the Potomac, for the building of
which he had contracted with the Government;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Also, a petition of citizens of Portland, Maine,
praying the establishment of a collection district
at Island Pond, Vermont; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a petition of citizens of Portland, Maine,
praying an extension of the principles of reciprocal
trade between the United States and Canada;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, two petitions of Sarah Larrabee, and others,
widows of soldiers of the war of 18JS2, praying
that in cases of second widowhood, where both
husbands served in that war, a pension may be
allowed for each; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of the
administrator of Calvin Read, praying payment
for timber sold to the United States by the de-
ceased, and used in the erection of a fort at Mau-
darin, Florida; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. SL1DELL presented a petition of S. S.
Heard, and others, citizens of the parish of More-
house, Louisiana, residing within the limits of
the Bastrop grant, praying an extension of time
for perfecting their titles to the lands claimed by
them; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition
of George H. Gordon, an Army officer, who was
wounded in the iate war with Mexico, praying I
an increase of pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of Horatio
J. Perry, praying compensation for services ren-
dered, and reimbursement of expenses incurred,
as charge d'affaires of the United States to Spain;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Also, a petition of R. S. Patterson and others,
citizens of Washington, praying an appropriation
for improving East Capitol street in said city;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. SEWARDpresented additional documents
in relation to the petition of the heirs of Edward
Rogers; which were referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, it was
Ordered, That John Crawford have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
the heirs of Simon Smith, praying to be allowed
the arrears of pension which they allege to have
been due him, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill directing the payment of arrears of pen-
sion due Simon Smith, deceased, late a pensioner
of the United States, to his heirs-at-law; which
was read, and passed to a second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the petition of Sarah Griffin, praying
compensation for the services of her father, Colo-
nel James Wilson, in the revolutionary war, and
the petition of Daniel Littlefield, heir-at-law of
Daniel Littlefield, an officer of the Revolution,
praying to be allowed the seven years'half pay
due his father, submitted an adverse report there-
on; which was ordered to be printed.
He alsojfrom the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill of the House for the relief of
Anna W. Angus, widow of the late Captain
Angus, United States Navy, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
ageed to.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred a
bill to provide for the accommodation of the courts
of the United States for the district of Maryland,
and for a post office at Baltimore city, Maryland,
reported it back with an amendment.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of R. Piemont and others, praying for com-
pensation for saving the United States ships Rari-
tan and Vandalia from destruction by fire on the
11th of October, 1847, submitted an adverse re-
port thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of William B. Scott, late Navy
agent at Washington, District of Columbia, pray-
ing the settlement of hisaccounts on the principles
of equity and justice, submitted an adverse report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the petition of Ed-
ward Riddle, reported a bill to remit or refund
duties upon goods, wares, and merchandise de-
stroyed by fire; which was read, and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill from ths
House of Representatives making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department
during the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
185G, reported it back without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Samuel P. Todd, pur-
ser in the United States Navy, praying to b«
allowed for losses sustained by discount on Treas-
ury notes, reported a bill for his relief; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. GEYER, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the petition of Hall
Neilson, praying remission of interest on notes
given the United States in payment for land,
asked to be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Claims; which was agreed to.
. jy^.r' BROWN, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
William Walker, for himself and the heirs of
Henry C. Walker, praying that they may be au-
thorized to locate lands under a treaty with the
Wyandot Indians, or be allowed a commutation in
money for said lands, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
