1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
581
Mr. PETTIT, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Richard Albritton, praying to be allowed to enter,
in his own name, a section of land in lieu of land
taken from him by the United States, and that he
may be indemnified for the loss of his improve-
ments, &c., submitted a report, accompanied by
n bill for his relief; which was read, and passed to
a second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
•was referred the petition of David Kerr, praying
compensation for certain land warrants placed in
the hands of a United States agent, which he re-
turned in his own name, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims; which was
agreed to.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred House bill for the relief of
GilbertC. Russell, reported it back withoutamend-
tnent.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred House bill for the relief of the
widow of W. living, deceased, reported it back
without amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to whom was referied the
memorial of Jean Baptiste Faribault and Pelagie
Faribault, praying to be allowed the amount
agreed upon by contract with the Secretary of
War, to be paid them for the island at the con-
fluence of the rivers Mississippi and St. Pierre,
on which Fort Snelling now stands, submitted a
report, together with a bill for the relief ef J. B.
arid P. Faribault, of Minnesota Territory; which
was read, and passed to a second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill from
the House of Representatives granting a pension
to Joseph McCormick, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions; which was
agreed to:
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill of the House of Represent-
atives, authorizing the Secretary of War to pur-
chase a site in Texas, and contract for the erection
of arsenals in Texas and New Mexico, and in the
Territories of Washington and Oregon, reported it
back without amendment, and asked that it be
laid on the table for the present, on the ground
that the same object had been provided for in the
military appropriation bill. The motion was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
■was referred the joint resolution of the House for
the relief of James Hughes, reported it back with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William Read, pray-
ing to be allowed compensation for losses sus-
tained by him in the performance of difficult ser-
vices, when the early settlers of Tennessee were
about being overrun by hostile Indians, submitted
an adverse report thereon; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint res-
olution from the House of Representatives for the
relief of John Dugan, reported it back without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of officers of volunteer
companies in the District of Columbia, praying
the construction of an armory therein,submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill to provide for the
erection of a suitable building for the care and
preservation of the ordnance, arms, and accouter-
ments of the volunteers and militia of the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes; which was
read, and passed to a second reading. There-
port was ordered to a second reading.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred House bill for the
relief of Thomas S. J. Johnson, of the Territory
of New Mexico, reported it back without amend-
ment.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Joshua Mer-
cer, praying to be allowed a pension, to com-
mence from the time the pension he formerly
received was discontinued, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill restoring Joshua Mercer to
the roll of invalid pensioners; which was read, and
passed to a second reading. The report was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred a resolution of the
Senate directing the Committee on the Judiciary
to inquire whether any and, if any, what, action
of the Senate is necessary and proper in regard to
the Smithsonian Institution, submitted a report on
the subject; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was referred the memorial of
B. F. Sloan, administrator of F. Burt, praying
the reimbursement of the traveling expenses, phy-
sician's bills, &c., of the said F. Burt, in going
to and at Nebraska, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Claims; which was agreed to.
LARICIN SMITH.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider the bill for the relief of
the heirs of Larkin Smith. It is a little pension
bill from the House, to which the Senate Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims have reported an
amendment.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill. It requires the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay the legal represent-
atives of Larkin Smith five years' full pay of a
captain of cavalry, with interest thereon, from the
21st of February, 1850; that sum being due for ser-
vices as a captain of cavalry in the Army of the
United Slates in the war of the Revolution.
Mr. HUNTER. The amendment of the com-
mittee is to strike out the provision in regard to
interest, which the House allowed. 1 move that
the Senate concur in it.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended. The amend-
ment was concurred in, and ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time. It
was read the third time, and passed.
SAMUEL A. BELDEN AND COMPANY.
Mr. MASON. The Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, to whom was referred the bill from the
House for the relief of Samuel A. Belden & Co ,
have directed me to report it back and recommend
its passage. I will say to the Senate that a simi-
lar bill was passed here some days ago; but this
is more restricted than that; and I therefore ask
that it may be put upon its passage.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Treasury to audit, settle, and
pay the account of the duties paid by the com-
pany to the officers of the United States charged
with their collection in Matamoras, Mexico, while
the city was in the military possession of the Uni-
ted States, upon the merchandise, except tobacco,
imported by them into Matamoras during that
period, which, after the restoration of peace be-
tween the two countries, they were deprived of,
either in the form in which they were imported or
in the proceeds of sales, by the illegal seizure, con-
fiscation, sequestration, or their forced abandon-
ment, by the judicial authorities of the Mexican
Government. The payment is to be made upon
the execution by the company of a proper and
legal assignment to the United States of all their
right to the amount so refunded, when recovered
from the Mexican Government.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
JOHN STEEN.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I expect to be absent a day
or two very shortly; and there is a little pension
bill from the House for the relief of John Steene,
which has been reported from the committee here,
and which I should like to have passed this morn-
ing. I move that the Senate proceed to its consid-
eration.
The motion was agreed to;and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill.
It will direct his name to be placed on the roll
of invalid pensioners, at the rate of eight dollars
per month from January 1, 1853, during life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
FRANKLIN CHASE.
Mr. CHASE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
former report made in the case of Franklin Chase,
collector at Tampico during the war with Mexico,
to report a bill for the relief of Franklin Chase,
and ask for its immediate consideration.
The bill was read twice by unanimous consent,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Under it the Secretary of the Treasury will ad-
just and settle the claim of Franklin Chase for a
share of the proceeds of the sale of the schooner
Oregon and cargo, seized and confiscated in April
1848, under the President's regulations of March
1,1847, at the port of Tampico during the war
with Mexico; and pay the amount, not exceeding
the collector's share, out of any money in the
Treasury received from military contributions
collected in Mexico in pursuance of those regular
tions; but before any money is paid, any claim by
the owners of the vessel for a remission of the
penalty and payment of the prooeeds under, the
confiscation, will first be examined and decided
by the Secretary, under the direction of the Pres-
ident.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
CIRCUIT COURT IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. TOUCEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up and consider the bill> re-
ported from the Committee on the Judiciary, to
establish a circuit court of the United States in
and for the State of California. I think it wil give
rise to no debate. The House of Representatives
have assigned Thursday of this week for the con-
sideration of judicial business—business coming
from the Committee on the Judiciary. If this bill
can be acted upon this morning, it can be ready
for consideration there on Thursday. It is one of
very great importance to California. The case
of California is peculiar. It is indispensably neces-
sary that there shall be a greater judicial force
on the Pacific coast. The bill provides for it, I
think, in an unexceptionable manner.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill. It will constitute
a judicial circuit for the State of California, to be
known as the circuit court of the United States for
the districts of California, a term of which shall
be held annually, in the city of San Francisco;
and for this purpose a judge is to be appointed,
and the court to be organized is, in all things, to
exercise the same original jurisdiction as is vested
in the several circuit courts of the United States,
as organized under existing laws, and also the
same appellate jurisdiction over the district courts
of the united States for the northern and southern
districts of Californiaas, by existing laws, is vested
in the several circuit courts of the United States
over the district courts of the United States in their
respective circuits. The judge may appoint a
clerk, who shall have the power to appoint a dep-
uty. The clerk is to reside at, and keep the records
of the court in, the city of San Francisco, and re-
ceive for the services ne may perform double the
fees allowed to the clerk of the southern district of
New York.
The judge will have power to order and hold
such special or extra terms of the court as he may
deem expedient, and at such time as he shall, by
his order, under his hand and seal, direct, ad-
dressed to the marshal and clerk, at least thirty
days previous to its commencement, which order
is to be published intermediately in two or more of
the gazettes of California; and at any or all of such
special terms the business of the court shall have
reference to the immediately preceding regular or
special term, and be proceeded with in the same
manner; all which terms are to be held at such
place, in San Francisco, as the marshal of the Uni-
ted States for the northern district of California,
whose duty it is to be to act as themarshal of the
court, shall procure for the purpose, under the
directions of the judge. Appeals from the pro-
ceedings of the court are to be taken to the su-
preme Court of the United Stated, in the same
manner, and on the same conditions, as appeals
are taken under existing laws from the other cir-
cuit courts of the United States.
The judge is to have the same power to issue
writs of habeas corpus and other writs as is vested
by law in the other judges of the United States.
