582
T££E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
In case be shall fail to attend at the time and place
of holding any regular or special term before the
close of the fourth day after the commencement of
the term, the business pending is to stand ad-
journed until the next regular term, or until the
next special term, should one be ordered, previous
to such regular term.
The district courts of the United States for the
northern and southern districts of California will
hereafter exercise only the ordinary duties and
powers of the district courts of the United States,
except the special jurisdiction vested in them over
the decisions of the board of commissioners for the
settlement of private land claims in California
under existing laws; and appeals from the judg-
ments, orders, and decrees of either of those dis-
trict courts, in the exercise of its ordinary juris-
diction, are to be taken to the circuit court in the
same mariner and upon the same conditions as
appeals may be token from the judgments, orders,
ordecrees of the district courts to the circuit courts
of the United States.
The judge appointed under the bill is, at any
time when m his opinion the business of his own
court will permit, and that of the courts of the
northern and southern districts of California shall
require, to form part of, and preside over, the
district courts when either of them is engaged in
the discharge of the appellate jurisdiction vested
in it over the decisions of the board of commis-
sioners for the settlement of private land claims,
under the act to ascei tain and settle the private land
claims in the State of California, passed March
3, 185J, and by the act making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30th .Tune, 1853, and
for other purposes, passed 3ist #f August, 1852;
and it is to be the duty of the clerks of the respec-
tive district courts of California to give ihirty
days' written notice to the judge of the circuit
court of the time and place of the fcitfing of such
district court for the discharge of such appellate
jurisdiction; and in case the judge of the district
court shall fail, from sickness or other casualty, to
attend at such time and place, the circuit judge is
to be authorized to hold the court and proceed with
the business; and ail appeals to theSupreme Court
of the United States from the decisions of the dis-
trict court, whether held by the circuit judge, or
by him in conjunction with the district judge, or
by the district jud^e alone, are to be taken m rhe
manner prescribed by the act of Congress passed
on the 3d day of March, 1851, to ascertain and
settle the private land claims in the State of Cali-
fornia.
Mr. TOUCEY. I move to fill the blank in the
first section, as to the ume of holding the couit,
with " July."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I move to fill the blank as to
the salary of the judge, with "4,6,000 "
Mr. STUART. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from California what are the salaries of
the district judges of that State? if I lecollpct
aright the Senate,at this session, passed a bill in-
creasing their salaries.
Mr. WBLLER. They are $3,500. The Sen-
ator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] reported a bill
increasing the compensation of all the judges
through the United States. That was to make the
compensation of the judge ot the northern district
of California $8,000, and of the southern district
$6,000. The avowed ground upon which the
committee acted was, to" make the salary of the
judge of the district court equal to that of the
highest State tribunal. I believe, however, in point
of fact, the saiai y of the judge of the highest
court in California is $10,000 a year. My prop-
osition is to make this §6,000; and I gave notice
to the committee when that bill was reported, that
I should move to substitute $>6,000 for $8 0C0. I
am no more disposed to vote for extravagant sala-
ries in California than elsewhere. I think $6,000
is a proper salary, it is certainly not too much.
Mr. STUART. I do not propose to discuss
this question, nor t* interpose any particular ob-
jection to the amendment; I desire, however, to ^
state to the Senate some information which has'
come to my knowledge in the investigation of
another matter, and then leave it to the Senate to
say what they will do with this proposition. An
investigation has been instituted by the Treasury
Department respiting the salaries of officers con-
nected with that Department. It became my duty
as a member of the Committee on Commerce, to
be one of a conference at which an agent was
present; and at that meeting he stated that he had
been in California for some time, and had been
paying his expenses; he stated his bills at various
points, San Francisco and others; and heasserted
that the expenses of living, at this time, in Cali-
fornia are not greater than they are in the Atlantic
States; and thatan mdividual could live as cheaply
in any part of California as he could in any such
settlement in any of those States. If, under these
circumstances, it is best to give a judge in Cali-
fornia, who is not to participate in the business
of the Supreme Court, $6,000 a year, while the
judges here, performing duties as Judges of the
i Supreme Court, receive but $4,500, 1 shall not
: oppose it. It would seem to me, however, that,
| if these facts be true, it would be a disparity be-
I tween the salaries of these officers which ought
j no  to exist.
! Mr. TOUCEY. I am satisfied,from the inform-
ation which I have in regard to the subject, that,
having reference to the expenses of living, the
amount of business to be transacted, and the
importance of having a man af ability and learn-
ing tqual t* the station, the salary proposed is a
very moderate one.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will ask the Senator, if the
step* that weie taken, or proposed to be taken, by
the bill reported by the Senator fiom Georgia, in
regard t© the salaries of the district judges, were
not defeated ? It is a bill that is now pending, and
it b believed, I find upon the number of cases
that came up the other day on the debate in regard
to the ie®rganization of the judiciary, that those
judges, in every direction, aie receiving too little.
JJut \y for one, certainly am not disposed to make
an exception, and put some «f them beyond the
necessity of relief, while the rest shall all be left
t© sutler. I do not think it right. The prices of
things have very materially changed in California
as well as elsewhere. Six thousand dollars is a
tolerably large salary. J am very willing to vote
enough; but while 1 am voting it, I do not like to
see the interest of the whole judiciary neglected
and disregarded, or, from any cause, thrown aside,
and we attend to separate cases which are brought
up, simply because they are upon the other side
of the continent. I do not desire these exceptions
to be made in paying such extraordinary salaries.
I have been voting for them nearly all; but I confess
I am not disposed to do it much longer.
Mr. PET'ITf. With reference to the remarks
of the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr, Johnson,] I
will say that I most fully sympathize with him
m the belief that inadequate salaries are paid gen-
erally to our judges, that gross inequality exists,
and that gross injustice is done to some, while
others may be reasonably paid. The Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] who was called
home, but only temporarily 1 trust, on account
of sickness, is expected back in a few days. He
reported a bill from the Committee on the Judici-
ary, increasing|genei ally the salaries of the judges,
from the Supreme Court down, doing, however,
injustice to some, as I think, certainly in my own
State, m not increasing the salary to what 1 think
it ought to be. 1 have been waiting for some
days for the return of that Senator, in order to
have a consultation with him, and get his appro-
bation to take up his bill, for which I have pre-
pared a substitute, which f hope will meet with
the entire approb3tion ef the Senate, and the
House, and the country. I propose to offer to
that bill, when it shall be taken up, a House bill
of the last session, fixingthe salaries of the district
judges, and adding to it for the increased compen-
sation of the Supreme Judges that portion of the
bill introduced by the honorable Senator from
North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] which provides
for the increase of the salary of the Supreme
Judges, striking out that portion which provides
for «ur own compensation; for, however well-
deserving we may be, and however much need
'there may be for raising the compensation ©f
i; members of Congress, I am certain that delicacy
|| will forbid any such thing. I, for one, might be
jl prepared to give such a vote, as I expect to oc-
ji cupy this place but a short time; and I do say
1 most solemnly, and say it for the country, that, if
I do not come back here, I desire that my suc-
cessor may be better paid than I have been. He
will need it, I know. But I had proposed to
strike that out.
I have made these remarks for the satisfaction
of the Senator from Arkansas, showing htm that
the district judges have not been unthought of by
the Committee on the Judiciary. As regards the
proposed salary in this case, Mr. President, allow
me to say that a less sum was talked of in the
committee, to which I did not agree, i am. fully
satisfied that no man who is competent to discharge
the high duties which would devolve upon him as
circuit judge in California can be, or ought to be.
employed who will take a less salary. I am for
the amount proposed.
Mr. WELLER. I ought not, perhaps, to suf-
fer the statement of the Senator from Michigan
to pass without notice, especially as it is so much
at variance with the truth. I understood the Sen-
ator from Michigan to say that an agent of the
Treasury Department has represented that living is
now as cheap in California as in any of the Atlantic
cities. I undertake to say there is not one syl-
lable ef truth in that declaration. 1 undertake to
say, from my own individual observation, from
my own personal knowledge, that the expense of
living now in California is very much greater than
in any *f the Atlantic cities with which I am fa-
miliar. I undertake to say that, in the best hotel
m the city of Washington, I can obtain for forty
dollars a week accommodations precisely similar
to those which 1 occupied in the city of San Fran-
cisco during the last fall, and for which I paid
there sixty dollars per week. I do not intend
that statement shall be denied, because I am speak-
ing from my own personal knoweldge, and every
one knows I would not give, in the city of San
Francisco, a higher price for my boarding than
was paid by other persons. Understand me then
to say that the same accommodation for which I
paid sixty dollars a week, in the city of San
Francibco, I can obtain at the best hotel in this
city for forty dollars a week. I only state that as
an illustration.
If the agent referred to, who was sent to Cali-
fornia, went into the fourth story of a brick hotel
and obtained a room eight feet by ten, he might
have procured boarding for "ten dollars a week,
and 1 believe that was the character of the board-
ing he enjoyed while he was in the city of San
Francisco. Now, sir, do you undertake to tell
me that an agent sent out from here with a roying
commission from the Treasury Department, with
authority to look after, and inquire into the prices
of pork and provisions, is a better judge of what
it costs to live in the city of San Francisco than
my colleague and myself? I stake my statement
against the statement of your special commis-
sioner from the Treasury.
Mr. STUART. 1 had no idea of stirring up
the ire of the Senator from California in what I
said.
Mr. WELLER. I do not think the honorable
gentleman succeeded.
Mr.STUART. Ifthe Senator is entirely satis-
fied with the manner in which he presented the
question, I am.
Mr. WELLER. I am, to be sure.
Mr. STUART. 1 do not stand here to bandy
words, or to imitate style with any Senator. I
simply stated a fact; I stated it as it came to me,
and did so in a very plain, and, as I thought, a
very respectful manner, leaving it, as I said, to the
Senate to decide what they would do.
Now, sir, there are some facts which we know.
We know that, within the last few months, flour
has been reshipped from San Francisco to New-
York, because New York was the betier market.
How far other things may be effected in the same
way, I do not know. Nor shall 1, for one mo-
ment, undertake to set up my individual opinions
and knowledge against that of either of the Sen-
ators from California.
Mr. WELLER. If the Senator will allow me,
I will state another fact, which I do state $n my
own personal knowledge: that there is not in the
city of San Francisco a house in which any gen-
tleman would live with a family of even three
persons, that can be rented, in a respectable part
of the city, for less than $150 per month, and rent
paid in advance at that. My colleague pays $200,
and he hns not a large house by any means.
Mr. STUART. 1 am not going to detain the
Senate upon this question, nor will I seek to sus-
tain at all, the statements made by the agent to
whom I have referred. 1 have in my hand a letter
of the Secretary of the Treasury, which was sent
