1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
583
to the Committee on Commerce of the Senate,
respecting the fees that ought to be paid to the
officers collecting the revenue in California, and it
corroborates entirely what I' have said. That
officer, in charge of the affairs of the revenue of
this Government, has come to the conclusion that
the salaries paid there are altogether too high.
He states it, trom information which he has sought
for this very purpose.
Now, sir, all I ask, and all I have sought to ask,
is this: we are about to establish the salary of an
officer, which, under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted Slates, cannot be reduced during his term of
office. He holds that office during good behavior,
and his salary is to remain undiminished during
his term. It is only a question for the Senate
whether they will fix the salary of this individual
at $6,000, performing, as the bill provides, no duly
as a Judge of the Supreme Court in banc, when
we have two district judges in the State of Cali-
fornia, who up to this time, so far as our informa-
tion goes, have discharged the duties of their
offices satisfactorily.
Mr. WELL Ell. Will the Senator allow me
to make a statement in regard to that ?
Mr. STUART. Cerlainly.
Mr. WELLER. The judge of the northern
district of California left his post in August last.
I am very sorry to learn this morning, by a letter
which has been shown me, that he is still detained
in the city of New York by very serious indis-
position, and that it is very doubtful whether he
will be able to return for many months to come,
lie is the judge of the northern district which in-
cludes San Francisco. That Senator knows very
well that it is indespensable to have a judge there
nearly all the time. The judge has been absent
for the last five months, and I am afraid he will be
absent for many months to come.
Mr. STUART. There is no doubt the Senator
from California is correct in what he has just said.
Any gentleman must know there is importance in
having a United States district court at San Fran-
cisco. I was only speaking of the general condi-
tion of things; here is an exception, i say there
are two district courts in that State, and usually
the duties of those courts have been performed.
Here is a proposition, I was about to say—and
that is all 1 intended to say—to create a circuit
court, to appoint a judge whose duties are those
of a circuit judge—that is to say, merely the same
duties that are performed by the Judges of the Su-
preme Court as circuit judges. They sit with the
district judges as a court of appeal; it is part of
their duty now; and that judge's salary is fixed
nt $6,000 a year for life; while a Judge of the
Supreme Court here, residing in our Atlantic
cities, is receiving but $4,500. It may be right; I
have not said to the Senate, and I do net intend
to say now, that it is wrong. I simply presented
the subject to the fconsideralion of the Senate, and
I should be very glad, as one who is to vote on
this question, to ascertain from the Committee on
the Judiciary what information they have on
this subject, from the Senators from California,
or from any gentleman who is in possession of
such information. That is all I have sought to
obtain.
Mr. HAMLIN". This subject seems to have
led to discussion, and I do not see any prospect
of its immediate termination. I understand there
are other Senators who desire to speak on the
matter. If the Senate are prepared to vote on it
at this time, I have no disposition to interpose;
but if there is to be further discussion, I must
insist on taking up the French spoliation bill, as
the hour has arrived designated by the Senate last
evening for its consideration.
Mr. CHASE. I trust this matter will be post-
poned. As I understand it, the biH provides for
the creation of a new circuit judge,
Mr. TOUCEY. Will the Senator allow me to
«ay a few words?
Mr. CHASE. Certainly.
Mr. TOUCEY. I hope this bill will not be
further debated. If it should be debated, and go
ever, the bill will probably be defeated. It is a
matter of immense importance. The people of
the Pacific coast have no participation in the Su-
preme Court; they have no circuit judge; they
have nothing there but two district judges, one
of whom is sick in New York. The Supreme
Court have more business from those courts than
from any other cireuit in this country. Now,
what do we propose? We do not propose to ap-
point a Judge of the Supreme Court; we merely
propose to appoint a judge of the circuit court, to
perform duties that would be performed there by
a Judge of the Supreme Court, and, also, certain
other duties, namely: in cases of appeal from the
commission sitting there to decide land titles, to
sit with the district judge upon those Uppeals,
where it is practicable.
This is a beneficent measure; it is one that is
demanded of this Government. You giveto those
commissioners of land titles $8,000 a year, and
we have cut down the salary here to $6,000. This
is a little pittance comparatively. We are de-
bating about a thousand dollars in a great measure,
involving the interests of that part of the conti-
nent. 1 hope, sir, that the question will betaken,
and the bill defeated or passed.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on filling
the blank in the seventh section with the words
" six thousand."
Mr. BENJAMIN, t do not rise to speak in
relation to the compensation fixed by this bill; it
is a matter of no consideration with me; but I am
not prepared to vote on this proposition, which
introduces an ontirely new feature into the judi-
ciary system of the United States, upon which
none of us, at least none outside the Judiciary
Committee, have yet reflected. It is a proposition
to create a new judge, at present not known to our
system at all; to cieate an intermediate court with \
a distinct judge, between the district and supreme ;
courts. I think that a proposition of this kind
requires some reflection; and although willing, in
nine cases out of ten, to defer to the judgment of
the gentleman from Connecticut, who has just
addressed the Senate, yet on this subject of estab-
lishing a judicial system, I think sotr.e little reflec-
tion ought to be accorded to the other members of
the Senate. I must object to the bill being passed
now without our having an oppprtunity to ex-
amine it.
Mr. CLAYTON. I move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until to-morrow,
so that we may proceed to the special order.
Mr. GW1N. I hope we shall take the vote at
once on the bill. To throw the bill over, is to
defeat it; lor the day after to-morrow is the enly
day when it can be considered in the House.
Mr. CLAYTON. I wish time to look into it.
To morrow we shall be able to decide it.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Furnky, their Clerk, announced that they
had passed a joint resolution for the relief of Henry
Joel Dyer;
Also, that they had passed the following Senate
bills without amendment:
A bill to change the appropriation for the erec-
tion of a building in the city of Milwnukie for a
custom-house, post office, and the United States
courts; anci
A bill to amend "An act malting appropria-
tions for the improvement of certain harbors and
rivers," approved August 30, 1852.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced fhat the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; which
thereupon received the signature of the President
pro tempore:
A bill for the relief of the administrators of Oli-
ver Lee, deceased;
A bill to increase the pension of Patrick C.
Miles;
A bill for the relief of E. J. McLane;
A bill for the relief of the West Feliciana Rail-
road Company anil the Georgia Railroad and
Banking Companies; *
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Joseph Ge-
rard; and
A bill for the relief of Catharine B. Arnold.
SENATE BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Sidnet Webster, his Secretary,
announced that he had approved and signed
A bill for therelief of Thomas Marston Taylor;
A bill to incorporate the St. Joseph's Male
Orphan Asylum in the District of Columbia; and
A bill making appropriations for the construc-
tion of certain military roads in the Territories of
Nebraska and Washington.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. CLAYTON, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider House bill to provide for the ascertainment
and satisfaction of claims of American citizens foi?
spoliations committed by the French prior to the
31st day of July, 1801.
Mr. WELLS. Mr. President, this bill is of
immense importance to individuals and to the
whole country. It involves, not only large pecu-
niary interests, but integrity and political consist-
ency; for if this sum of money is due it has been
■wrongfully withheld for fifty years, as gentlemen
have said in my hearing. If so, it brands with
political inconsistency those men who have so
long and successfully resisted its adoption.
The origin of this matter, sir, is of ancient date.
It presents before ua our earliest political party-
controversies; it brings up the unlike bloody scenes
of Marengo and Domingo, and requires us to go
back to those sad days of France, when religion
was subjected to the control of the infidel; when the
hopes of a resurrection were buried benpath the
weight of eternal sleep; where a guillotine became
the only altar; where good men only were hurried
away to the spirit-land; and when the temple of
liberty was visited but by an afflicted few, who
implored the restoration of private and public
rights.
Mr. President, but for the sad and fatal action
of disease, others would now be here to speak and
act for my native Stale. But that Providence, sir,
which alike compels a nation to mourn, and private
families to weep the bitter tears of sorrow, has
removed from this Chamber men of tried political
fidelity, of learning, and of mental strength, and
placed me here—an inexperienced man—alone to
represent that people whose fidelity to the Consti-
tution, to sound political principle, and fearlesa
political action, is not surpassed by those of any
State in the American Union. Thus called, I have
given to this great subject such consideration as
my time and opportunities have permitted; and.
the result of that examination is aconviction that
this measure should not pass.
The bill proposes to appropriate §5,000,000 for
the payment and adjustment of these claims. It
provides for the appointment of an attorney to
resiston the part of the Government unjust claims.
. If they in the aggregate exceed the amount appro-
: pmted, it divides the money pro rata among the
: claimants. Here are two things which struck me
; as extraordinary in the outset. All agree, so far
i as 1 have been able to form any judgment in rela-
i tion to the subject, that these claims exceed five
\ millions of dollars; some say thirty or forty mil-
j lions. They are asserted as a right, a debt against
i the Government, and not as a favor. If they are
1 just, why shrink from full payment? Suppose I
[ owe a man five thousand dollars, and am ab!e t6
i meet hirn, why attempt to compound with him for
i one thousand dollars? If I do it, will he be satis*
i fied ? Shall I be satisfied in retaining from him
{his fair balance? I think not. He wili ever
claim it.
j Suppose I meet, on my return home, a claimant
who holds to me language like this: " I am one
I of" the claimants under the law you have passed,
i making provision for French spoliations; I have
i the evidence to sustain my claim, and,as you have
i constituted a tribunal to examine and determine
I the amount, 1 shall present mine, but not to avail
i myself of your proposition. You have admitted
j the justice of my claim. I intend, before your
1 tribunal, to prove its amount, and 1 will then wait
1 until the Government is compelled, by shame, if
I nothing else, to pay it. If I haw a just claim
! against the Government, the amount of which is
i Gscertained, it ought to be ready and willing to pay
it. if no such debt is due to me, the Government
! is disgraced by proposing to compound with me,
and 1 should feel myself disgraced in entertaining
' such a proposition." What answer, I ask in all
i candor, can I make him ? I only say'here in my
i place that I intend, by my vote, to put myself ill
I such a position as to say to him, I have not pro-
^ duced this result. While considering this idea,
Mr. President, allow me to ask why the section
1 appointing an attorney has been inserted ? !f the
: claims exceed $5 000,000, such an officer is of no
!| consequence to the Government. That is clear;
j; because the money will be absorbed, and it is
simply and soi?iy a question for the parties to
il whom the fund ia to go. They«would stand there
