584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
vigilantly guarding their rights as suitors in courts
guard their rights, each for himself. If the sum
exceeds $5,000,000, then, I say, interest would
compel these guards to stand around the fund, and
not resort to the Government here to have an at-
torney acting on the part of the United States, to
protect the interests of the Government. Allow
me to read that portion of the section:
" An attorney to the said board shall be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, whose duty it shall be to resist alt unjust claims, and
to protect the interest of the United States, and of the fund
that may be appropriated to carry this act into execution;
end, to this end, he shall hare power to examine witnesses
and to cause testimony to be taken, and have access to ali
testimony before the commission, for fie purpose of exam-
ining it, and a right to be beard in all cases. He shall be
eworn to the faithful performance of his duty as attorney,
and shall be entitled to the same compensation as one of
the commissioners."
That is, $3,000 a year. Now, the idea which I
wish to suggest i8, that whatever sum shall be fixed
upon by the commission is ultimately to be paid
by this Government. No man, in my judgment,
can doubt it. Limit itasyou may,limit it us you
do by the bill upon the table, still, if, as has been
said, these claimants have not been quiet for fifty
years past, will they be quiet for fifty years to
come, unless you cancel and pay the entire
amount? With what greater propriety can they
not come before Congress hereafter? Suppose
the case of the child of a man who has received
a portion of his debt, and he says: " My father
had an honest and just claim against your Govern-
ment; you appointed a commission; you were not
insolvent,becauseyourTreasury was overflowing;
before that commission you had an attorney,
sworn to act on the part of the Government, and
having full power and control of the Jong and
strong arm of the Government to bring witnesses,
to resist all unjust claims. My debt, then, is
aacredly honest and due to me." When such a
man comes here before a committee at a future
day, I ask any gentleman, if he were a member
of the committee, would he not put his hand on
his mouth, and his mouth to the dust, and say,
" Shame to my country, if it resisted the payment
of such a claim ?"
Then, I say, it is the purpose and design to take
from the Treasury of the Government the whole
of the utmost extent of these claims, whatever
they may be as established before the commission,
and ranging from five to forty millions of dollars.
I say, sir, for one, let the question be met fairly,
let it be met directly,and let us aj^ree to pay what-
ever shall be found due, if we are to pay anything.
If it is honest, pay the whole; if it is not honest,
resist the whole.
In this inquiry arises the question, under what
circumstanccs were these spoliations committed?
If, at the time, war in fact did exist between
France and the United States, all a^ree that there
can be no claim on the United States, because
they were not provided for in the treaty. How
stand the facts on that subject? On the 28th of
May, 1798, Congress authorised the capture of all
armed vessels of France which had committed
depredations upon our commerce, or which should
be found hovering upon oiy coast for the purpose
of committing such depredations. On the 13th of
June, 1798, Congress prohibited the vessels of the
United States from visiting any port of France or
her dependencies, and prohibited any French
vessels, armed or unarmed, from entering or re-
maining in any port of the United States, unless
by special permission of the President.
On the 25th of June, 1798, Congress authorized
the merchant vessels of the United States to arm
and defend themselves against search, restraint,
or seizure by vessels under French colors, and
to capture any French vessel attempting such
search, restraint, or seizure; and to recapture any
American merchant vessel which had been cap-
tured by the French. On the 28th of January,
1798, Congress authorized the forfeiture and con-
demnation of all French vessels captured in pur-
suance of the acts before mentioned, and for the
distribution of prize money, and for the confine-
ment of the prisoners taken in captured vessels.
On the 7ih of July, 1798, Congress declared—
"That the United States are of right freed and exoner-
ated from the stipulations of the treaties, and of the consu-
lar convention heretofore concluded between the United
States and France, and that the. &arne phall not henceforth
be regarded as legally obltgaiory on the Government or
citizens of the United Suites."
On the 9th of July, 1798, Congress authorized
the President to grant commissions to private
armed vessels to make captures the same as pub-
lic armed vessels, and to provide for the safe
keeping of the prisoners.
By the act of February 9, 1799, the non-inter-
course was continued for one year from the suc-
ceeding 3d of March. By an act passed on the
28th of February, 1799, Congress provided for an
exchange of prisoners. On the 31 of March,
1799, by an act of that date, the President was
directed to retaliate promptly and fully upon pris-
oners in the power of the United States for the
death or corporal punishment of American citizens
taken on board of vessels of any Powers at war
with France. On the 27th of February, 1800,
Congress again continued the non-intercourse for
one year from March 3, 1800.
Such was the legislation, and every gentleman
upon this floor is aware of the scenes which fol-
lowed it. The withdrawal of the French Minister,
the refusal to receivethc American Commissioners,
controversies, bloodshed, all theattendant horrors
of a marine war, followed these acts of legislation;
and yet, it is said there was no war! I contend
that it was a war, resulting from the acts of the
Government. 1 do not stop here, sir, for it has
been judicially settled by the Supreme Court of
the United States, that it was a war in fact. 1
have before me a decision reported in fourth
Dallas, page thirty-seven, in the case of Bas,
plaintiff in error, vs. Tingy, defendant in error, in
which it was judicially decided that the Govern-
ments were then at war. The case itself is thus
stated:
" In error from the circuit court for the district of Penn-
sylvania. On the return of the record it appeared, by a
case stated, that the defendant in error had filed a hbel m
the district court, as commander of the public armed .ship
the Ganges, for himself and others, against the tlnp i'liza,
John Has, muster, her cargo, &c., m which he pet lorth
that the said ship und cargo belonged to citizens of the Uni-
ted State*; that they were taken on the high peas by a
French puv;ueer,on the.Jl-n ot Murch, 1799; and that iliey
were retaken by the libelant, on the iJIet of April follow-
ing, after having been above ninety-six houra in po-eessiou
ot the captor?. The libel prayed lor salvage conformably
to the a< is uf Congress; and the facts being admitted by
ihe answer of the rc-pouricuts the district court decreed to
the libelants one half of the whole value of ship and cargo.
This decree was athrmed m the circuit court without argu-
ment, and by consent of the parlies, m order to expedite a
final decision on the present writ ot'error." * * *
"By an act of (lie 2d of March, 17U9, (vol.4, p. 470,)
it is declared 'that for the t-lnps or goods belonging t<  the
citizens ot the United States or to the citizen* or subject*
of any nation in anuty with the United States, if retaken
fjoui the enemy within twcntj-foiir hours, ihe owners are
to allow one eighth partot the who)* value lor salvage, &e.,
and if above ninety mx hours, one half, all of which is to
be paid without any deduction whatsoever,' " &c.
The case was argued by Lewis and E. Tilgh-
man lor the plaintiff in error, and by Rawle and
W. Tilghmwi for the defendant; and the argu-
ment turned, principally, upon two inquiries: 1.
Whether the act of March, 1799, applied only to
the event of a future general war? 2. Whether
France was an enemy of the United States, within
the meaning of the law ?
The opinions of the several judges are given in
the book. Judge Moore, in pronouncing the
opinion, said:
4' A number of books have been cited t« furnish a glos-
sary on the word tvemy ; yet, our situation is ho extraordi-
nary, that I doubt whether a parallel case can be traced in
the history of nations. Hut il words are the representatives
of ideas, let me ask, by what other word the idea of the
relative situation ot America and France csuld bo c#m
mumcated, than by that of hostility or war? And how c<tu
ihe characters of ihe parttes engaged m hostility or war, be
otherwise described than by the denomination of enemies ?
It ii lor the. honor and dignify of both nations, therefore,
that they should be called crumia; for it !•  by that descrip-
tion alone, that either could justiiy or excuse the s>cene of
bloodshed, depredation, and confiscation, which has un-
happily occurred ; and, surely Congress could only employ
the language of tint act of June l!f, 17t)8, towards a nation
whom she considered as an enemy."
Judge Washington, in his opinion, said:
" The decision of this question must depend upon another;
which is. whetherat the time of passmgthe act of Congress
ot the 2d ot March, 17Uy, there subsided a state ot war
between the two nations.-' It may, I believe, he safely laid
down, that every contention, by lorce, between two na-
tions, iri external matters, under the authority of their re.
spective Governments,  s not only war, but public war. It
it be declared in form, it h called solemn, and is ot the per-
fect kind ; because one whole nation is at war with another
whole nation ; and nil the members of the nation declaring
war, are authorized to commit hostilities against all the
members ot the other, in every place, and under every ci r-
cuinstance. In such a war all the members act under a
general authority, and sill the rights and consequences of
war attach to their condition.
But hostilities may subsist between two nations more
confined in its nature and extent; being limited us to places.
persons, and things; and this is more propejy termed   -
perfect war; because not solemn, and beeause those who
are authorized to commit hostilities act under special au-
thority, and can go no further than to ihe extent of their
commission. Still, however, it is jmhhr war, because it is
an external contention by ibrce, between some of the mem-
bers of the two nations, authorized by the legitimate
powers. It is a war between the two nations, though all
the members are not authorized to commit hostilities such
as in a solemn war, where the Government restrain the
genera! power."
He goes on at length to lay down the same doc-
trine. And Judge Chase sustained thesame view,
for he said:
il What, then, is the nature of the contest subsisting: be-
tween Amenc mnd Prance ? In my judgment it isalimited,
partial war. Congress hod not declared war in general
termw ; but Congress has authorized hostilities on the higU
seas by certain persons, in certain cases. There is no au-
thority given to commit hostilities on land; to cHptuio
unarmed French vessels, nor even to capture French armed
vessels lying in a French port; and the authomy is not
given, indiscriminately, to every citizen of America, against
every citizen of France ; but only to citizens appointed by
commissioners, or exposed to immediate outtage and vio-
lence. So far it is, unquestionably, a partial war: but,
nevertheless, it is a public war, on account of the public
authority from which it emanates."
Judge Paterson in his opinion said:
" A* the case appears on the record, and has bi en accu-
rately stated by the counsel and by the judges, who have
delivered their opinions, it is not necessary to recapitulate
the facts. My opinion shall be expressed in a few words.
The United States and the French Republic are in a quali-
fied state of hostility. An imperfect war, or a wai as t 
certain objects, and to a certain extent, exi«N bptween ihe
two nations; and tins modified warfare is authorized by the
constitutional authority of our country. It is a war quoad
hoc. As far as Congress tolerated and authorized the war
on our part, so far may we proceed in hostile opeiauons.
It is a maritime war; a war at sea, as to certain purposes.
The national armed vessels of Fram e attack and capture
the national armed vessels of the United States, and the
national armed vessels of the United Slates are expressly
authorized and directed to attack, subdue, and take the
national armed vessels of France, and also to recapture
American vessels. It is, therefore, a public war between
the two nations, qualified on our part, in the manner pre-
scribed by the constitutional organ of our country."
It has sometimes been contended that the Gov-
ernment should pay these claims, because it made
them a set-ofT against its liability to the French
Government. I have before me the second article
of the treaty of September 30, 1800; and what
does it provide?
"The Ministers Plenipotentiary of the two parties not
being able to agree at present respecting the treaty of alli-
ance of the 6ih of February, 1778; the treaty of amity and
commerce of same date ; and the convention of the 14th of
November, 1788; nor upon the indemnities mutually due
or claimed; the parlies will negotiate further on these
subjects at a convenient tune; and until they may have
agreed upon these point*, the said treaties aud convention
will have no operation."
This article was expunged bv the Senate, and
the remainder of the treaty ratified. The First
Conaul, Bonaparte, ratified the convention as
amended with a proviao, " that the States re-
nounce their respective pretensions whieh are the
object of said article," and this modification was
afterwards assented to by the American Senate.
Then the idea of a set-off as an assumption of
payment, from these proceedings, is, in my judg-
ment, without foundation. But it is said that
the United States assumed the payment of these
claims es a consideration of being released from
the obligation of a guarantee to France. Mr.
Adams expressly contends that no such guarantee
was claimed by France. This is his language:
t( The ri^ht tf the Executive to isrue any proclamation
•f neutrality was fiercely and pertinaciously denied, as a
usurpation of legislative authority; and in that particular
ease it was charged with forestalling and prematurely de-
ciding the question whether the United States were bound,
hy the guarantee to France ot tier West India posses-ions
in the treaty ol alliance, to take tide in the war with her
against Great Oritian, and with deciding it against Prance.
Mr. Jefferson had advised the proclamation, but he had
not considered it as deciding the question or Ihe guarantee.
The Government of tile French Republic had not claimed,
and never did claim, llie performance of the guarantee."
In looking into this subject, I find that when
| the claim was made by our commissioners upon
France for remuneration for the spoliations, the
French answered, that if they indemnified the
Americans, the United States should restore to
them their rights under the ancient treaties. This
^ was the extent, so far as I have been able to dis-
| cover, of the considerations upon which the claim-
| ants insist they should recover. The nations final-
ly treated without exacting indemnities on either
I side.
j In truth, as a fair deduction from history, it
j seems to me that the spoliations occurred, in point of
1 fact, in time of war, and that in the main, instead
