1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
585
of our people suffering to any great extent, we
made as many prizes as the French. I know of a
case in New England where a single individual
made his immense wealth out of the seizure of
French vessels, and he is one of the largest claim-
ants, with the exception of the insurance compa-
nies, who come in under this bill. Those insur-
ance companies made themselves rich by the im-
mense premiums which they received from the
ship-owners who went on these hazardous voy-
ages, knowing and expecting hazard, and being
insured against it. Wow they come here and ask
to be paid by the Governmentof theUnited States
the money which they paid out, after making
themselves princely rich by the premiums which
they received for their insurances. Surely, this
cannot be just.
Mr. President, one question which has pressed
itself upon my mind in examining this subject, is,
if these claims are just against the Government,
why have they never been paid ? It is now more
than fifty years since they occurred. For thirty
years neither House of Congress sanctioned them,
nor did a President ever recommend them to the
favorable action of Congress. The French revo-
lution began in 1789, became a general war in
1793, and continued until 1798, and the treaty
was made with this country on the 30th of Sep-
tember, 1800. W! y was the matter allowed to
sleep for such a ler.^th of time? I have looked
into the reports on the subject; I know some were
made before 1827, but I believe the first elaborate
favorable report on these claims was made by Mr.
John Holmes, of Maine, on the 8th of February,
1827—twenty-nine years after the close of the
war, after the quieting statute of limitation had
five times run, and when estates would be lost to
the claimants upon the legal presumption that a
conveyance had been made to the possessor, but
that he had lost the evidence of that conveyance.
I ask, again, why was there no man in the country
just enough to come forward and urge the matter
before Congress, and induce them to pay the
claims? If they were honest and fair claims,
why was not some effort made towards their pay-
ment before that late day?
Mr. CLAYTON. Will the honorable Senator
give way a moment to allow me to say a word in
answer to his question?
Mr. WELLS. Certainly.
Mr. CLAYTON. The honorable Senator asks
Why, for a period of twenty-seven years, was no
report made in favor of these claims, fully and
elaborately considering them? I answer briefly,
desiring not to take up the time of the honorable
gentleman, that until the year 1827 this Govern-
ment kept the whole evidence upon which the
claims rested in the old barrels and boxes in the
garrets of the State Department. The Govern-
ment concealed the evidence against itself; and
never until an answer was made by the State De-
partment to a resolution passed by the Senate in
1826, was the evidence contained in the volume in
my hands, which I say is irresistible to sustain
the claims, produced and laid before the country.
Then in the succeeding year, Mr. Holmes, with
the benefit of the knowledge contained in the vol-
ume, made his triumphant report.
Mr. WELLS. There v/ere at that day men of
intellectual strength, who had power to investi-
gate, and describe their friends' and their own
wrongs; and they were not in a garret, or in a
barrel during that time. They were in the coun-
try, and why did they not come before Congress,
and before the committees of Congress, and show
that these claimants were entitled to this money ?
Why did they not ask that the question should
be examined, and that these records should be
brought out before 1827? No, sir, there were
then men at the head of the Government who
fully understood the question. It would be folly
to ask a man who knew that the claims had no
legitimate foundation, to give them his sanction
and approval. The inquiry weighs upon me, why
this delay, for I do not think the suggestion of the
honorable Senator meets the point, because the
men of that day would have caused an investiga-
tion if they had really and sincerely believed that
the claims were just, and that the Government
should pay them.
The first elaborate and favorable report on this
subject, as I have said, was made on the 8th of
February, 1827, not twenty-seven years, as the
honorable Senator says, but twenty-nine years
after the close of the war. Is not the contempor-
aneous action of the Government a strong, may I
not ask, is it not a conclusive argument against
these claims? Jefferson and Mauison were here
then. They well understood the rights of the citi-
zens,and Uie obligationsot theGovernment. They
had the means to pay, for m 1807 Mr. Jefferson
reported a surplus in the Treasury of eight and a
half millions of dollars, and in 1808 a balance of
about fourteen millions, of which only about five
millions were required to meet the public engage-
ments. Surely no man will stand here to impugn
their integrity. Why, then, 1 ask, was it that
those men, who were familiar with this whole
matter, did not recommend this payment ? Above
all, why did he who came into political power
upon tiie topics in which these claims had their
ougin turn his back upon the suffering people, if
their claims were honest and true? Again, 1 re-
peat, the contemporaneous action of the Govern-
ment is not only strong, but, to my judgment, it
is conclusive evidence in relation to tins subject.
Sir, much has been said in relation to favorable
reports of committees on these claims; and per-
sons in interest have taken the trouble to send to
different members of Congress the evidence, as
they say, in relation to this matter. They state the
number ef reports that have been made, and that
they were always favorable; and then they turn
round and say " it is a shameful thing that this
Government has stood out so long against these
claims." I have before me a list ot these reports.
1 suppose it to be here, as in other places, that
when a proposition is preferred and submitted to
a select committee, ptuliamentary usage requires
that that committee should be constituted of the
friends of the proposition, because, in the terse
language sometimes used, we do not put a child
te a nurse who would strangle it. Now, let us
look to the record and see how stand these reports,
for this matter is not to terminate here with the
votes of Congress; it is to be reviewed by the
people of this country, by the tax-paying people
of this country, and they are to say, after all,
whether these things are right.
The first report upon this subject was made by
Mr. Giles. In the book which I have seen, styled
"Brief Reasons," it was stated that this was a
favorable report; but I have a copy of his report
before me. Mr. Giles states the facts historically,
as an auditor in a court would state them, or as a
judge, in delivering an opinion, would sum up the
tacts in the case. He has stated the facts clearly
and distinctly, withoutgiving his judgment in rela-
tion to the mutter, or the judgment ot the commit-
tee, nnd then, in the conclusion of his report, he
says:
<• Upon the whole view of the case, tin committee sub-
mit to Uie House to determine whether the Govermnentof
the United states be, m any respect, bound to indemnify the
memorialists, and wuelher there be any ground lor discrim-
ination betwt-eii the eases of losses feusiamed be.ore the
acts ot May 28, 17113, and the 9 h of July, liDd, and cases
of losaes sustained alter those periods."
Instead of this being a favorable report, I think
it is what the lawyers call a prima facie adverse
report; yet in the " Brief Reasons" submitted to
gentlemen in favor of this bill, it is stated that he
made a favorable report. Reports upon this sub-
ject have been made from select committees by
Mr. Marion, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Chambers, Mr.
Livingston, Mr. Williins, and Mr. Webster. All
those that I have named were reports from select
committees; and m every instance the report was
favorable to the claims; going to sustain the asser-
tion which I have made, and which I presume
will not be controverted, that the universal prac-
tice of parliamentary politeness and civility is,
when a measure is submitted to a special com-
mittee, to compose that committee of the friends
of the measure. 1 have alsoa list of adverse re-
ports made by other men, and some reports made
by standing committees favorable to the measure.
I ^oppose it was done here as it has been done at
o$er times, and at other places; when a gentle-
man had a measure which he desired to get
through, and he knew a standing committee were
that class of men who stood out against the pro-
ject, he would move its reference to a select com-
mittee, but if the standing committee was of the
contrary opinion he would waive the select com-
mittee, and have the subject referred to the stand-
ing committee; so that 1 say the result of these
committees is of no authority or influence what-
ever, in my judgment, on this question.
There is another circumstance to which I wish
to advert. In looking over the names of those
gentlemen who have made favorable reports, I find
that they came from the large cities, or were con-
nected with the commercial interests of the coun-
try. I do not mention this with the design of
imputing to those gentlemen any improper inten-
tions; but we all know the powerful influence of
association and place. I do not say that this
would influence their minds improperly, but it
tends, as we all know, experimentally, to induce
men to take, at least, favorable views of the sub-
ject. I say that those who made favorable reports
were from large cities, or represented the commer-
cial interests of the country. Would that influ-
ence them ? for it is a question of influence—it is
a question of authority simply.
When men come before you, Mr. President,
and ask you to decide questions of law as a judge,
and ask you to examine and read the opinions of
others, it is a question of opinion and you can
hear the opinions of other men, as is every day's
experience with us; but surely you would not take
the opinion of a lawyer at the bar as superior
law to the reported decision of a judge upon the
same topic. This, then, is simply a question of
authority; but when you go from these men, and
examine this country through, you see standing
all over this land, like sentinels around an encamp-
ment, men of eminence, respectability, and stand-
ing, holding up their hands, and exclaiming aloud,
and with thunder tones, against the adoption of a
measure like this. I have the names of some of
those men. I have the yeas and nays taken in
the Senate on this question.
There is, Mr. President, and I trust there ever
will be, a body of men in this country who hold
to a strict construction of the Constitution—who
hold to great principles, such as we say ought to
govern the political action of this country; and
when these men, standing in the interior, and in
different portions of the Union, have been called
upon to examine this question without reference
to commercial interests or commercial influences,
they have, as one man, declared their opposition
to this measure.
On the 3d of February, 1835, the yeas and nays
were recorded in this Chamber upon this subject,
and I find in the affirmative the names of only
three gentlemen who acted in opposition politically
to the great mass of the affirmative vote; and I
find in the negative, on that vote, men well known
to the country, and well known to every gentle-
man on this floor. There are Benton, of Missouri,
and Bibb, of Kentucky, and Brown, of North
Carolina, and John C. Calhoun. Was he a man
of intellectual power? Was he capable of judging
in relation to these great matters ? Wa3 he familiar
with the history of the country and with its obli-
gations? Had he the heart to respond to the
honest call of an honest claim ? If I have read his
character aright—and, sir, his character is well
understood where I live—John C, Calhoun would
never have recorded his name against this measure
if it was of the character which is claimed for it
at this day. Cuthbert, of Georgia, was with him
on that occasion. Grundy, of Tennessee, stood
by his side. Hill, of New Hampshire, wa3 with
him, and so was Kane, of Illinois. There, too,
was King, of Alabama, who has gone down to
the grave lamented by our whole nation, beloved
by all for his pure life. Did he stand here with
this phalanx of men, resisting an honest claim of
an honest creditor of his country ? 1 do not believe
it, and I will never record my vote to condemn
him. There were with them Leigh, of Virginia,
Linn, of Missouri, Morris, of Ohio, Robinson,
of Illinois, Tallmadge, of NewYork.'who then
stood with these men, Tyler, of Virginia, White,
of Tennessee, and the man whom New York
will love until she shall cease to exist, Silas
Wright.
Sir, I ask the consideration of gentlemen on this
floor to these names, as a matter of authority, and
1 ask whose authority shall govern me—the au-
thority of those committee men who were known
to be friends of the measure, or the action of these
men, without interest, standing before their coun-
try upon their responsibility as men and as Sena-
tors, resisting, by their votes, the adoption of this
bill. Sir, the authority is with the objectors to
this measure.
Again, on the 10th of February, 1845, the ques-
tion came before the Senate, and then I eee, by
