586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
running my eye over the list, that there were found
four members of the Senate who would go with
the great mass of the gentlemen against whom
they acted on all, or nearly all, other questions;
and those men came from the commercial portions
of the country. Who stood opposed to it With
the exception of Mr. Mangum, who uniformly
voted against these claims, those who voted against
the bill then were the men who stood by Jefferson
and his principles, and who loved, and admired,
and sustained Andrew Jan'tson and his principles.
They stood in a solid phalanx and declared upon
the record that these claims ought not to be paid
by this Government. Is not this authority? Al-
low me to read their names. They were Allen,
Atchison, Benton, Breese, Colquitt, Dickinson,
Dix, Hannegan, Huger, Lewis, McDuffie, Tap-
pan, and Walker.
1 do not ask Senators on this floor, hut I ask my
constituents, to look at these names. W hen names
are presented to me as authority, 1 go to these
men as proper lights to guide me in the way of my
official duty, if 1 seek to be guided by anybody.
Again, on the 23J of January, 1851, there was
another vote in the Senate upon this question, and
at that time, one more Senator from the Democratic
ranks was found favorable to the passage of this
bill, and only one more; for then they had five.
I believe there were two of the opposition, one of
whom [Mr. Bell] is, 1 believe, still a member of
this body, who voted against the measure then.
The nays were: Messrs. Atchison, Benton, Bor-
land, Butler, Cass, Chase, Clemens, Davis of
Mississippi, Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Felch, Foote, Hunter,
Jones, King, Norris, Rhelt, Rusk, Turney,
Walker, Wlntcomb, and Yulee.
What have these men been doing—guarding
the Treasury or robbing the poor? That is the
question. 1 say, sir, from my reading of histoiy,
a settled point, with the Democratic parly is to
resist these and kindred claims, and to protect the
Treasury of the nation. If tins bill be adopted
where will it end ? Are theie no other persons
on whom spoliations have been committed ? 1 be-
lieve that never, from 1794 down, have our people
received a dollar for spoliations committed by
Great B itain. How many men wronged by her
even before the Revolution, who never received a
copper? IIow many befoie the war of 1812? It
is said you can compensate a man for his pioperty;
but I ask you to compensate a man who was
taken out of one of Iiih own ships, from beneath
his own fhg, compelled to load guns upon a for-
eign vessel to be used aga'rist his own country-
men and fellow-cttizens. Take that class of men
who, before the war, were impressed into tl.e
British seivire. Was not that a spoliation that
ought to be rorieoted if yon are going to pay in-
surance companies, those who have made theni-
eHvesiich by their pi emiums > Why not. go up
and take in all these? You must do it. It you
propose to consult your generosity and sympa-
thies upon a claim like this, of doubtful character
at best, 1 ask you where will you stop? You
cannot stop, and you ought not to stop, until you
make full and ample reparation for every suffeier
in the land. _
Sir. the passage of this bill will establish a
princip'e for claims which $100,000,0110 will not,
m my judgment, liquidate. It will take from the
Treasury That which should he applied to the
national defenses, and the discharge of legitimate
demands upon the Government. It will open the
old cfaim for a high protective tariff, and wrest
from the Democratic parly one of their effective
old battle-cries, "protect the masses from high
taxation, and guard, with honesty and vigilance,
the public Treasury."
It goes further. It casts odium on a long line
of true and faithful Democrats, and crowns, at
last, with the chapletof victory, that party which
denounced Jefferson as a I4rench Jacobin, and a
foe to American commerce. Arid, sir, if it goes
forth to the country that this great aim Democratic
measure has been carried by the aid of Democratic
votes m the Senate, we shall hear repeated the sad
interrogatory which Caesar uttered when he saw
a dagger in the hand of him whom he considered
to be his friend.
There is another view of this matter, Mr.
President. France justified the spoliations on the
ground that our Government had, in fact, jomed
tho alliance against it, and conniVed at the designs
which the allies had to starve the French people,
the disturbances and convulsions of the country
having broken up her agriculture, and rendered
France and her islands dependent on foreign na-
tions for provisions. By the terms of the Jay
treaty Batish cruisers were permitted to seize
American ships freighted with supplies for French
ports, and cairy them into English ports to try
the question before British tribunals, whether
provisions were contraband of war. As provis-
ions were not contraband' of war except to be-
sieged ports, that clause of the treaty was re-
garded by France and others as a hostile act
against that country and treated as such. These
spoliations then grew out of the .Tay treaty in this
view, for though France repudiated all the claims
for spoliations after that treaty was made, she re-
cognized and paid thebe ptior to that date, and
that sum *vas paid to the Government as part of
the consideration in the purchase of Louisiana.
The general Democratic sentiment in thecoun-
try, at that day, was against the .lay tieaty. Its
ratification was advised in the House by a vote
51 to 48, and 1 thiniv on two or three occasions it
required the casting vote of the Presiding Officer i
to decide the question. Though we, as a nation, j
weie m the vnong, we nevertheless indemnified I
ourselves by retaliation under letters of marque i
and reprisal, and, it was believed, captured more j
prizes than the French took from us. The views ;
of Mr. Jefferson and his kieudu m regard to that
treaty and the spoliations were well understood
by the country, and in the ireaty of September,
lSM'J, for good and sufficient reasons, as lie be-
lieved, he abandoned tho contioveited claims, and j
that is the extent of the set off on wl.icli they j
base all these declarations. ' j
Mr. Piesident, the arguments to pay these claim- j
ants goes to the extent of tho absolute condennm- i
Hon of the administration of Jefferson, and of the
Democratic party which sustained him. is it not i
so? We may as well speak plainly about these
matters. Everybody understands them, and they
are to be reviewed, and examined, and understood
by the count! y, because by and by, when the
Treasury is exhausted, as u will be, when we are
called upon to fortify the coast from Maine to
Texas, and the English steamers have burnt some
of your cities, and they aie clamorous to be pto- j
tected, where will you look for the means, if you j
go on as this bill proposes3 You must resort to
high tarifls; you must wring from the hard earn- |
ings of the couutry enough to support your Gov-
ernment, or you must resort to direct taxation.
jLet tins great matter be consideicd in its true :
light, and, in my judgment, instead of condemn- ;
lug the administration of Jtflerson for reaisiina;— ]
as, substantially, he did, for l.o never approved
these claims—the country will say that he, and ,
tins long line of men who have stood together in .
opposition to them from that day to tins, have
been right in theirobjections. Then I say—I say ;
it, perhaps, not so much to gentlemen here as to
' otiieis who will examine tills question outside— !
jl do not attempt to dim the splendor which sur- [
\ rounds the name and memory and administration ;
jl of Jefferson. In my judgment, sir, the attempt i
ij cannot be successful. Localities may shade his i
I glory; but, with the Anieiican Democracy, his j
;! fame will live untarnished and unshaken until the
: political rights of mail shall be forever crushed, !
! and the last worshipper of freedom shall perish, t
Mr. HUNTER. It is not my purpose to de-
bate thi3 bill; but it seems t  me that there is one |
,1 paiticular in which it requires amendment, and I
ij am disposed to try ihe sense of the Senate in |
|! regard to that. If it be voted down, I shall con-
■! elude that it is the purpose of the majority to
! adopt no amendment, and I shall not trouble them
j. with any other proposition. It seems to me that
, some provision ought to be introduced to re-
j quire publicity in the proceedings of this board
ji of commissioners. 1 think we had some less6$s
! on this subject in the last Administration, which
:'i snsuld admonish us that it is important, not only
i to the public interests, but just, perhaps, to the
;j Administration, which has to appoint these com-
missioners, that they should be required to conduct
their proceedings openly and in public. It seems
to me, sir, that the greatest security which we can
offer against frauds and improper proceedings on
the part of such boards, is to require this publicity.
It is this which, in my opinion, does more than
anything else to preserve the purity of courts, and
1 think it would do more than any other provision
which we could introduce to secure the proper
conduct of those commissioners. I think, too,
that it is especially important, in regard to claims
so old as these, that we should have some such
provision, because it is manifest that there is more
room for frauds in claims now—more than nfty
years old—than there is in fresh ones. It was
difficult, as we were told by Mr. Livingston, to
collect evidence even at the date of the treaty of
1803-'4, in regard to claims then provided for.
Then 1 say it "is more important, in reference to
claims of this character, that we should have some
such provisions, than in relation to any other com-
mission which has ever been established wuhin my
knowledge. 1 believe, sir—I quote from memory —
that Mr. Livingston, in as many as two letters,
said that the list of claims which had been sent
by Mr. Skipwith, the consular agent, could not
be trusted. Some of them, he said, had been paid;
many of them were false, and were stated upon
imperfect evidence. If it was difficult at that day
to ascertain th? facts in relation to them, how
much more difficult must it be now!
For this reason it seems to me that we ought
to require, not only that their proceedings should
be made public, but that they should beof record;
and that we ouyht, also, to require that the evi-
dence upon which their decisions are given shall
be recoided, so that we may subject the action of
the board to the ordeal of public opinion. I
hope, sir, that it will be thepleasuie of the Senate
to amend the bill in that regard, so as to require
this publicity. For that reason I move, in the
second section, to insert, between the words
"and" and "file," the words, "and these, to-
gether with the evidence in the case, shall be;"
so that it will read, " their decisions shall be in
writing, and these, together with the evidence in
the ease, shall be filed with their secretary;" and
I propose also to add, after the word " thereof,"
the woids, "their proceedings;" so that it will
read, "their proceedings, and the promulgation
of the decisions of said commissioners, shall be
in public."
My object is to require publicity. If, however,
the Senate should think that no amendment is to
be made to the bill, and should vote this amend-
ment down, as 1 said before, I shall not propose
others, although itseems to me other amendments
would be proper, because I should take it to be
the sense of the majority that they mean to pass
the bill as it is. I trust, however, that the amend-
ment winch 1 have offered wi'l be adopted.
Mr. flAMLIN. Mr. President, the bill now
befoie the Senate is very nearly a transcript of a
bill which passed the Senate during the last Con-
gress. It is the same bill which passed this body
two years ago, and which passed it during the
present Congress, at the last session, and was sent
to the House and has been returned to us with
very slight and immaterial amendments. The
question before the Senate is on concurring in the
bill of the House. The immediate question is
now on adopting the amendment of the Senator
from Virginia to the bill as it has been sent to us
from the House.
To the amendment of the Senator from Virginia
I have, as such, no objection m the world; anil if
that provision were in the bill, I should vote for it
cheerfully. More, if it be desirable, or if there
be any substantial reason for such a provision as
he has suggested in his amendment, I, asone Sen-
ator, am willing to vote for that provision in a
supplemental bill; but, as a friend to the bill, I
am unwilling to sanction any amendment. I have
no desire to take up the time of the Senate cxcept
to express the hope that those who are the sincere
friends of the bill will pass it, or see it defeated as
it came from th« House.
I have examined all the bills which have passed
Congress for the creation of boards to seule
claims, and I find that there has never been a pro-
vision inserted similar to the one which is now-
proposed by the Senator from Virginia. Still, if
it were desirable, if there were any substantial
reason for such a proposition, in a supplemental
bill, 1 would give it a cheerful support; but I
would not hazard the fate of this bill by returning
it again to the House for discussion at this late
period of the session. I think Senators who are
friendly to the bill may, with propriety,join with
me in rejecting all amendments, when it is consid-
ered that this bill has substantially twice passed
