1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
am
the Senate within the last three years, after having
received the careful consideration of the commit-
tees who reported it, and the investigation of this
body, and the approval and investigation of the
House of Representatives.
Sir, we all know the position which my friend
from Virginia occupies in relation to this meas-
ure. Ftom convictions of duly,and from the ex-
amination vvhich he has made, he has come to the
conclusion that he should withhold from it his
vote and his approval. This is an amendment
which comes from an opponent of the bi 1, and i
think we may with propriety regard it as the Tro-
jans of old did the gifts that were brought to them
by the Greeks—il Timeo Danaos et donaferentes. "
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Virginia is,
that the proceedings of the board of commissioners
shall be public. 1 see no sort of necessity for
such an amendment. J apprehend that, under the
bill as it stands, it is the duty of the commission-
ers to act as courts act under the same circum-
stances when they are about to decide claims. All
the evidence is offered in public, and there is no
necessity whatever, in the case of a court or in the
case of these commissioners, for deliberating in
public. No man will agree with me more readily
than the honorable Senator from Virginia, that a
court should not deliberate in public, but should
hear and decide everything in public. That court
or those commissioners who should attempt to
deliberate in public would be turned into a debat-
ing instead of a deliberative body. I wish the
commissioners to act precisely as judges do, sit-
ting in ourcourts of justice; and under the opera-
tion of the bill as it now stands, wuhoutany amend-
ment, the commissioners will undoubtedly be
bound to act in that manner. There is nothing m
the case requiring extraordinary legislation or dif-
ferent legislation from that which has existed
heretofore, when Congress has passed bills for the
establjshmentof other boards of commissioners.
The honorable Senate r from Virginia has re-
ferred to a letter of Mr. Livingston to Mr. Skip-
with, in which it is stated that there is difficulty
in ascertaining what the claims before the board
of commissioners, established by the treaty of
1800, were. But I submit to the honorable gen-
tleman from Virginia that the claims referred to
by Mr. Livingston were not these claims. They
were not claims for spoliations committed on the
commerce of this country prior to 1800. They
were claims settled, fixed, adjusted by the treaty
of 1800—the claims of creditors of France, which,
by that treaty, were bound to be paid, amounting
to between four and five millidns of dollars. Those
were the claims to which Mr. Livingston referred,
and not these claims which, instead of being pro-
'y vided for, were bartered away for the old French
treaties of J 778.
Mr. Presrdent, I do not intend, the friends of
the bill do not inte kI, to debate it. It has been
discussed again and affain and again in the hearing
of nearly all the gentlemen in this body. I have
heard it debated twenty times. I am, as one of
the friends of the bill, perfectly satisfied that the
judgment which the country will make up in re-
gard to the vote of this day, shall be adopted upon
a view of the evidence and the arguments that
have been submitted, without laying any more
before the country. * see no necessity for saying
anything now. If time were allowed me, and if
I felt it to be my duty on this occasion to delay
the passage of the bill by entering into any dis-
cussion, I could meet the arguments of the honor-
able Senator from New Hampshire, each and
every one of them. That honorable Senator has
made no new points. The questions which he
has discussed, have all been fully discussed be-
fore. Every objection that he has made to the
passage of the bill, has been answered again and
again and again. I shall not now renew the
answers that have been made. All i mean to say
is, that I shall, upon the arguments which have
been submitted, rest my vote for the present, and
if after the passage of this bill any gentleman on
this floor feels desirous to break a lance on this
question. 1 shall be very happy to meet him.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, it is not my
purpose to debate this bill; but, upon this point
of pubiici'y in regard to the proceedings of the
board of claims, 1 think we had a debate on the
bill establishing a court of claims, when nearly
every member of this body who spoke on the
question expressed his sense of the great import-
ance of providing that their proceedings should be
public and of record. The same reason which
existed in regard to that seems to me to exist in
regard to this. If the difficulty to which I have
alluded existed in reference to ascertaining: claims
which were due even under the treaty of 1800,.at
that early day, which was neaily contempora-
neous with the claims themselves, how much
greater must be thedifficulty of ascertaining claims
which were more difficult to prove than those. It
is to be remembered that those claims consisted
of debts due by the French Government to indi-
viduals, of claims against them, of cases in which
there had been decisions before the prize courts,
and where there had been no condemnation.
What does Mr. Livingston say? He says, in a
letter to Mr. Madison, in January, 1804:
" [ have been anxious to afford you a just view of the
probable amount or" the <1< maud. 1  this I had hoped to
have been aided by Mr. Skipwith, whoso duly it certainly
was to give me the most accurate information he could
collect. 1 have received from him a list of claim?, and I
had hoped, as he gave mo renyou to b< hevc, ihat be \v« uld
annex such observations to it as would have served to
cirect my judgment; this, however, he has since declined,
and he tell&me thai he has transmitted this list to you " * *
******* " This list contains
a number of claim", for which there is no foundation; a
numbei that are paid, as Mr. Skipwith hiniM-If knows ; n
number (or which no vouchers can be produced ; a number
that do not come under the treaty."
Mr. CLAYTON. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to soy that the c'atms provided for by
the treaty of 1800, are not these claims.
Mr. HUNTER. I have already said so; but I
say if it were so difficult to ascertain those claims,
it must be much more difficult to ascertain these
other claims arising out of alleged spoliations at a
prior date. When it was so difficult to ascertain
those claims when they had the assistance of
the French Government, it must be quite as diffi-
cult to ascertain the others. Now, when fifty
years have elapsed, how much have those diffi-
culties increased? Again, in reference to these
very matters, in a letter in February, 1804, speak-
ing of the list referred to in the other letter, Mr.
Livingston says:
" It now appears that what wag fsue-pccted is true : tlmt
many of the debts on the list have been paul, that others
are not due, many greatly ovf rcharged, and many charged
twice under difi'eient iieads, fo that, upon a fair statement,
there is itie highest reason to believe that the whole ot that
note, lneUHing ib<- cmbaiao, logetber with the interest on
the debt, will not exceed twelve millions of francs."
I 1 ave referred to these statements in order to
show the extreme difficulty to which this commis-
sion will be exposed in ascertaining iacts in re-
gard to theseclaims. The provision which I have
| proposed to insert is as much due to the claimants
themselves as to the Government, because it is to
be remembered that a sum certain is to be appro-
piiated, and if the commissioners find a larger
amount of demands than are here appropriated for,
they have to be scaled and paid pro rata. Those,
therefore, who have good claims have an interest
in providing a tribunal which shall be surrounded
by such checks and safeguards as to insure a
proper examination of the claims.
Nor is it to be said, in reply to this argument,
that the bills which were formerly passed con-
tained no such provision. Mr. President, we
' have had tome recent experience on the subject
of commissioners. We had some experience in
regard to the board of commissioners under the
Mexican treaty, which should admonish us to be
more careful; and 1 think it is but just to the pub-
lic, but just to the Administration, which will
have to appoint these commissioners, to provide
effectual measures, so as to subject the action of
the board to the ordeal of public opinion.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I do not rise
for the purpose of discussing this bill. It has
been too often discussed, and the judgment of
Senators must be too deliberately made up to
require any further discussion of its principles.
But as regards the objection made by the Senator
from Virginia, it seems to me that the only effect
of the amendment which he has offered would be
to send the bill back to the House, with the proba-
bility, at this period of the session, that it would
be lost. With this prospect before me, I can vote
for no such proposition.
The honorable Senator from Virginia was fully
answered by the honorable Senator from Maine
when he told him, what,I presume, allthefriends
of the bill will willingly agree to, that we are ready
to rote for a supplementary bill for the purpose
of introducing this provision if it be deemed im-
portant; but, in my own judgment, the amend-
ment is not requisite, because 1 think the bill, in
its present form, of necessity requires that the
sittings of the commissioners should be in public.
The great guard which you have in the bill is, that
it provides for the appointment of an officer, as
the attorney of the United States, to resist ui just
claims. He has a right of hearing, as well as to
examine testimony; and it would be impossible
for the commissioners to take any step whatever
m the adjudication and hearing of the cases, with-
out notice to him of their actions. Of course, if
you had a proper officer appointed by the Presi-
dent, there could be no question but that the hear-
ing must necessarily be public in its character,
wnhout any express provision for the purpose.
I think, therefore, that the whole object which
the honorable Senator from Virginia desires to
attain will necessarily flow from the bill in it3
present structure. It provides for an attorney on
the part of the United S ates, with the right of
hearing, and the right of offering, testimony on
their behalf in resisting the claims; and this, of
necessity, requires publicity in the investigation.
There is an express provision that there shall be
publicity in the decisions. You would not, of
course, have publicity in the deliberations of the
commissioners any more than in the deliberations
of the Judges of the Supreme Court. For this
reason, I think the whole object of the Senator
from Virginia is answered without the amend-
ment; but if he desires it, in a supplemental bill 1
shall be willing to vote for any provision of the
kind.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, some four
years ago 1 had occasion to examine this subject,
and submit to the Senate the views which it
seemed to me to present, and I have, therefore,
not the least idea, on this occasion, or on any future
one, of examining the merits of this question.
Other Senators have done, or will do, the same
for themselves. I rise simply to speak on the
question of its immediate passage. The Senator
from Virginia has introduced an amendment, and
to his speech on that subject I propose to reply.
My reply will be very brief.
This bill came from the House of Represent-
atives, and fiom the hands, in that House, of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, the chairman of
which committee [Mr. T. H. Bayly] is from the
State of Virginia. When the bill came into the
Senate, he called upon me, as one of the friends
of the bill, to say that any amendment whatever
put upon it in the Senate would render it practi-
cally impossible that it could pass the House of
Representatives during the session. We must,
therefore, take the bill in this shape or not take it
at all. Those who are in favor of the bill will take
it as it is; and those who are against it will, of
course, go for making it a great deal better, and
therefore defeating it altogether.
Mr. R El D colled for the yeas and nays, and they
were ordered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have paired off on this
question with the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fes-
v-nden.] If I were at liberty to vote, I should
vote in favor of the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bright, Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Cass,
Chase, Clay, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Ev m*,
Fitzpalrick, Houston, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Mason, Hetd,
Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart, Toucey, Welter, and Wells—2-2.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin,
Bratnerd, Clayton, Dawson, Foot, Geyer, Gillette, Hamlin,
Jamea, Jones of Tennessee, Morton, Pearee, Pettit, Pratt,
Seward, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of
New Jersey, Wade, and Wright—24.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr.MASON. Mr. President,notwithstanding
what has been said, that amendments offered to
this bill may be considered, by some gentlemen
who are the friends of the bill, as offered with a
design to defeat it, a design which I disclaim; yet
if amendments are not to be offered to sections of
the bill, which may be deemed by its opponents
inequitable and not right, we must be restrained
from offering such amendments lest we come under
such censure.
Now, sir, there has been introduced into this
bill by the House of Representatives a provision
which, so far as I understand it, 1 deem highly
inequitable and unfair. I admit it was not so
