583
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
designed, but such will be its operation. I refer to
that provision which proposes to give to the trans-
ferees or assignees of these claims interest upon
the amount of the consideration paid. 1 propose
to strike out from the bill that portion of it which
allows such interest. My amendment is, in the
first section, to strike out the words " and interest
thereon, provided the same do not exceed the
amount to which he would be entitled, if such as-
signee were theoriginal holder."
Mr. President, the effect of that provision, as
it stands, will be two-fold. In the first place, it
recognizes not only the validity, but the propriety
of this kind of transfer; and it proposes to pay to
the transferees interest upon the amount of the
consideration which they paid for the transfer. A
transfer of what? A transfer of a claim upon the
French Government, now said to be a claim upon
this Government. What is the claim ? An un-
settled demand that may or may not be found to
exist when it comes into a courseof adjudication.
Sir, the stern morals of the common law repu-
diated all such transfers. A claim of this sort,
called a chose in action, was not legitimately the
subject of a transfer at all; and if it was trans-
ferred, the act was punished as a misdemeanor as
against the morals of the law, and yet this bill
not only recognizes the validity of such transfers,
but proposes to pay interest to that class of claim-
ants, in preference to any other class, or rather
pavs it to no other class of claimants.
Now, take the case of insurers, who I presume
will be found to be the most meritorious class of
transferees. Take the case of the insurer who has
received an abandonment and assignment of the
claim, and has paid it. What has he paid? He
has paid the full amount of the loss, and yet he is
to receive no interest upon what he has paid. The
underwriter gets no interest, because he has paid
the full amount of the loss. Then comes theorig-
inal holder. He alleges that he has sustained a
joss, measured m money, of certain properly, and
he is to be reimbursed the amount of his loss
without interest. But the speculator is singled
out by this provision as the only meritorious sub-
ject to receive interest upon what he may have
advanced.
Such are the provisions of the bill, as I construe
them. I do not know who these speculators are;
I never heard the name of one of them; but I
have seen in the papers, and we know very well
lhat such a character generally attends this class
of assignments, that as the claims grew older and
older, and were supposed to be weakerand weaker,
they were purchased almost for a nominal consid-
eration—purchased by capitalists or by adventur-
ers—men who could take the chances of ultimate
payment, and run the risk of not getting it. You
are to pay that class of men, (a class who, as 1
have said, were repudiated by the sterner morals
of the common law,) as the preferred class of
creditors, who are to receive interest upon their
advances, to the exclusion of all others. I think,
then, that this provision of the bill, though cer-
tainly not so designed, is in this respect inequita-
ble, and ouffht to be stricken out.
Mr. BAYARD. I think the honorable Senator
from Virginia misconstrues the provisions of the
bill. The provision to which he alludes, being
an amendment of the House, may very well be
objected to here by any honorable Senator, with-
out subjecting him to the imputation of a mere
desire to defeat the bill, though that could hardly
obtain in reference to any original proposition
incorporated in the measure when the bill was
before the Senate two sessions ago, and the last
session, without any attempt being made to amend
its structure. I think, however, the honorable
Senator from Virginia misconstrues the effect of
this provision of the House bill.
The whole difficulty has arisen from the very
improper provision, in my judgment, m the pro-
viso which was acceded to by the friends of the
bill, from a notion which is by far too prevalent
here, that the assignor of a chose in action should
not have liberty to take the whole value of his
claim, but should only take the sum he has paid.
This is an interference in the private transactions
of men which I do not like to sanction. In my
own belief, the proviso ought never to have been
put there at all; because we have nothing to do
with the relations of individuals, as to how they
acquire a claim. It ought to be sufficient for us
that there is a claim upon the Government, and
we should pay it, without reference to the holder,
without reference to the consideration that has
passed between him and the assignor; and we
should pay it, knowing that if there has been any
fraud or impropriety in the assignment, or in the
mode of obtaining the claim, a court of equity can
always redress the assignor as to that, without
Congress interfering in the matter.
A proviso was inserted by the Senate in the bill
which we passed last year, as a limitation, that
the purchaser of a claim,-not one receiving it by
donation, should not be entitled to more than the
amount of his purchase money, though the value
of the claim might be, as to the original holder,
ten times the amount. The House thought, as
to that class, that, though it was right to limit the
purchaser to the amount of money he had actually
paid for a transferred claim in such a case, at least
he ought to be entitled to interest on the money he
had actually paid, provided it did not exceed the
amount of the original claim. That is all. It
puts the purchaser in no better situation, nor even
in as good a situation as the original holder. Sup-
pose he purchased for one tenth the nominal value,
a sum which, under the circumstances, would
perhaps be the average amount paid; that sum,
with interest added, would not amount to anything
like what the original holder himself would have
been entitled to receive if he had retained his claim.
I look upon this, therefore, as nothing more than
rin enlargement of a limitation which originally
ought not to have existed in the bill; but being
there, by the judgment of the Senate, 1 think the
enlargement of the limitation upon the purchaser,
is proper in itself.
As to the doctrine of the common law, no one
doubts that a chose in action was not assignable;
but centuries ago, the principle of the common
law, in that respect, which was purely technical,
was abandoned by courts of equity. An assignee
of a chose in action always had the right to enforce
in equity what he might not have the right to sue
for at law; and ultimately, the courts of common
law, seeing theabsurdity of carrying the provision
too far, though, for the sake of uniformity, they
still retained the principle that the assignee could
not sue m his own name, permitted him to sue in
the name of the assignor as his cntui que use.
Mr. BUTLER, i have no idea of entering into
this debate further than to make a remark on this
specific amendment. If the principle of the com-
mon law referred to by my friend from Virginia
was wise at any time, I do not know upon what
occasion, or at what time, that principle might be
observed with greater wisdom than at this. Sir,
it is because I believe speculators,and a combina-
tion of speculators, are now exerting an influence
upon the administration of this Government entirely
inconsistent with its original objects—such an in-
fluence as could not be exerted in any other way
than by a combination of speculators—that I shall
vote for this amendment with a view to rebuke, as
far as I can by my vote, and to repudiate the in-
fluence to which I have adverted.
I have many constituents who are the original
holders of some of these claims. I know some
venerable ladies, living in Charleston, who have
such claims, who have written to me on the sub-
ject. I know their claims are urged with honesty
and earnestness. As far as they, and such as they
could be satisfied, I should be reconciled to the
passage of the bill. But, sir, this bill has been
brought into the Senate, and urged by an influence
which I am not willing to recognize, or to sub-
scribe to.
Mr. STUART. I wish to call the attention of
the Senator from Maine to this proviso upon an-
other point. As 1 understand, it was not in the
original bill which passed the Senate sometime
ago. The proviso reads thus:
" And jrr9vuled alio, That in all cases of transfer or as-
signment, except gifts or donation*, no assignee shall be
entitled to receive an amount beyond the consideration paid,
and interest thereon, provided the same do riot exceed the
amount lo winch lie would be entitled ii* such assignee
were the original holder."
If it does not exceed that amount this proviso
does not apply to it.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is the amount to which
he is limiifd.
Mr, ST D A RT. That is the very point to which
I ask the attention of the Senator, and I think he
will see, by an inspection of the proviso, that
it does not reach the object which its framers
intended; but it simply cuts out cuch individuals
whose claims, with interest, do not exceed the
amount to which their pro rata dividends would
reach. If the claim dues exceed that amount
the proviso does not touch it at all. If this be so,
then here is the condition of things: There will be
one set of assignees who will receive the amount
which they paid and interest, and no more; but
there will be another set of assignees who will re-
ceive as original holders, without reference to it.
If this be the case, there is a distinction between
the assignees; and there is a very great propriety,
in addition to what has been said by the honora-
ble Senator from Virginia, in striking out the por-
tion of the proviso to which he has alluded.
Mr. MASON called for the yeas and nays on
his amendment, and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Bright, Brodheart, Brown, But-
ler, Cass, Chase, Clay, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa, tivans, Fitzpntiick, Ilunter, Jones of Iowa, Mason,
Re id, Sebastian, rtlidell, Stuart, Touccy, and Wells—31.
MAYS—Messrs. Allen, Badcer, B.tyard, llell, Benjamin,
Bratnerd, Clayton, Dawson, Foot, Geyor, Gillette, Hamlin,
Houston, James, Junes of Tennessee, Morton, P< nrce,
Peitii, Pratt, Seward, Shields, Sumner, Thompson of Ken-
lucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Wade, and Wright—26.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ADAMS. I havean amendment, to come
in at the end of the first section of the bill:
jltuJ provided further, That claimants under the provis-
ions of this act, arising under insurance, shall be required
to remit and deduct lrom Mich claim the amount received
from the insured.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third rending:.
The PRESIDENT. The question is, '* Shall
the bill pass?"
Mr. HUNTER. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RUSK The honorable Senator from New
York, [Mr. Fish,] not now m his seat, who was
quite unwell the other day, asked me, as a matter
of favor to him, to pair off with him on this ques-
tion. 1 acceded to this readily, as he had accom-
modated me in the same way. I should vote
against the bill, but having paired off with the
Senator from New York, I shall not vote upon it.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—yeas
28, nays 37; as follows:
YKAS—-Messrs. Alien, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin,
Clayton, Dawson, Evans, Foot, Geyer, Gtllelle, Hamlin,
Houston, Jaws, Jones of Tenne^eo, Mallory, Morton,
Peaic«-, Petut, Pratt, Seward, Shields, Sumner, Thompson
ol Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Wade, Weller,
and Wright—28.
NA VS—Messrs. Adams, Bright, Brodhead, Brown, But-
ler, C;iss, Chase, Clay, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa, PitzputneK, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Mason, JLieid,
Slidi ll, and Wells—17. ' '
So the bill was i
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I ask the Senate
now to proceed to the consideration of the bill re-
ported at the last session by the select committee,
to provide for the construction of a railroad from
the valley of the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean.
If th« Senate will take up this bill, 1 shall be will-
ing to accommodate gentlemen who have other
bills which they wish to bring forward. All that
1 ask at presentis, that the Senate shall proceed to
the consideration of the bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. For the reasons which I stated
yesterday, 1 shall be obliged to vote against taking
up this bill. I know it will lead to interminable
discussion; but i am sure that there will be no
argument on the part of the friends of the bill
which i had intended to move to take up if I could
have obtained the floor when it was awarded to
the benator from Oalifomia, and I presume there
will be no discussion on the bill to which I allude.
1 do not think it will occupy half an hour. After
that bill, and others of a similar character, shall
be disposed of, 1 shall vote with great cheerful-
ness for the consideration of the bill of the Senator
from California.
Mr. GWIN. As far as I am concerned, I do
not intend to occupy five minutes of the time of
the Senate on the bill which-1 have moved to take
up. I wish to have it considered. When that is
done, I shall have discharged my duty,
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the Senate will take
