1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
up the interna] improvement bills, for which we
have been waiting now for three months.
Mr. CHASE. I hope the honorable Senator
from Louisiana [Mr. Slidell] does not propose
to consider the bill which he has introduced,
alone, without considering those of the same gen-
eral character, which have also been made special
orders.
Mr. SLIDELL. In reply to the Senator from
Ohio, I will state that X propose to take them up
in their order.
Mr. CHASE. I hope, then, that we shall pro-
ceed to consider those local internal improvement
bills which have been for some time the special
order, and which, I am sure, can be passed with-
out any discussion, or at least after a very brief
discussion. All of them are commended by their
intrinsic merits, to the consideration of the Senate.
When we shall have disposed of those bills the
way will be clear for the Senator from California.
Mr. G WIN. As I stated before, I shall prob-
ably vote for every one of those bills which have
been referred to, but I fearthat whenever they come
up they will be loaded down with amendments, as
was theriverand harbor bill of last session. I do
not object to the consideration of those bills, but I
consider it to be my duty to urge first, that we
shall consider the measure which i have indicated.
It is the first bill on the Calendar of special order,
and I hope the Senate will proceed with it.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. It is with great regret
that 1 oppose any motion of my friend from Cali-
fornia. The Senatewill bearwitness tothe fidelity
with which he has always enforced the great mea-
sure which he now proposes to take up, which is
so important to him, to the Pacific coast, and to
the valley of the Mississippi; but I think, for the
reasons stated by the Senators from Louisiana and
Ohio, that the business of the Senate will be greatly
accelerated by our proceeding to the consideration
of the internal improvement bills which are to be
passed, I hope, or rejected, upon their individual
merits, and separately, so that the President may
approve or veto just such as, in his judgment, he
should approve or veto. 1 think my friend from
California will forward his bill by agreeing to this
course. I am sure that I shall myself be inclined
to go for its consideration as soon as the internal
improvement bills shall be disposed of.
Mr. CLAYTON. I intend to vote in favor of
the motion to take up the Pacific railroad bill, be-
cause I think that, whatever may be the final
decision upon it, it is entitled to a hearing. The
honorable Senators from California have con-
stantly pressed it upon our attention, and if it fails
it will not be their fault; but I am not willing to
give it the go-by. There is no measure of more
importance, and I trust it may be now considered.
I am willing to hear all that may be said upon it.
Mr. STUART. I beg to suggest to the friends
of these respective measures, (and for myself, 1
confess I favor both,) whether we cannot make
an arrangement. If the Senator from California,
who makes this motion, will agree to confine the
consideration of his bill to to-day, and will consent
that if it be not disposed of to-day, it shall not be
in the way of the other bills, I think we can pro-
ceed wiih it.
Mr. GWIN. I am willing that those in favor
of the internal improvement bills shall have one
hour each day for their consideration until they
are disposed of. They say that they can pass
them in half an hour, but I am willing to give
them an hour each day. All 1 wish is to give the
bill which I have moved to take up its fair posi-
tion to which it is entitled on the Calendar. As
I have already said, I am not disposed to press it
to the interference of other measures.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let us take up the Pacific
railroad bill at two o'clock each day, and give the
other bills the hour preceding that.
Mr. GWIN. That will be satisfactory. I shall
not interpose any objection to that arrangement.
Mr. HUNTER. I feel it to be my duty to
press the consideration of the Indian appropria-
tion bill, which was reported sometime ago. I
cannot agree to making special orders which shall
shut out the appropriation bills at this late period
■of the session. I gave way yesterday and to-day,
but to-morrow { must begin to press the consider-
ation by the Senate of the bill to which I have
alluded.
Mr. GWIN. We all know that the appropri-
ation bills are certain to pass; but the other meas-
ures which have been alluded to must be discussed
and considered by the Senate; and I hope they
will be taken up now. I am willing to sit here
until six o'clock every day until the appropriation
bills, and all the other necessary measures, shall
be disposed of. I wish, however, to take up and
proceed with the Pacific railroad bill. It is due to
it that it should be now taken up. I am willing
that it shall not interfere with other measures.
Mr. CLAY called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. CASS. Before I vote on this question, I
wish to ascertain what the understanding of the
honorable Senator from California is.
Mr. RUSK. He proposes to make his bill the
special order for two o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. GWIN. And to allow one hour before
that to dispose of the other bills.
Mr. CASS. Does the Senator from Louisiana
accede to that proposition?
Mr. SLIDELL. I am unwilling to take that
responsibility without consultation with the friends
of the various bills of internal improvement. If
they think they can pass them in an hour, I have
no objection to agreeing to this suggestion. My
own impression is, that we can do so; but I am
unwilling to take the responsibility of acceding to
this motion.
Mr. CHASE. It is very obvious that if we
can pass all those bills within the hour, of course
the object of the Senator from California will be
accomplished; but if we cannot, the first bill on
the Calendartakes the preference, and all the other
bills are postponed indefinitely. I fear no such
arrangement can be made without jeoparding every
bill except that which chances to be first taken Up,
Mr. STUART. I suppose the Senator from
California will concede that if the Pacific railroad
bill is to be debated at length, it cannot be passed
at this session. Everybody will admit that. I
suggest, therefore, that we should take up the bill,
and see if we can obtain a vote upon it, without
speeches.
Mr. GWIN. I am willing to agree ta that.
Mr. STUART. But if we find that it leads to
a lengthy debate, then let the Senator not press it
hereafter, to the prejudice of other bills. If lie
will agreed ta that suggestion, I shall vote te take
up the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nsvs
upon the motion to proceed to the consideration of
the Pacific railroad bill, resulted—yeas 17, nays
28; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Bell, Brainerd, Clayton, T)odpe of Wis-
consin, Douglas, Foot, Geyer, Gwin, Hamlin, Houston,
JoncsofTennessee, Ru-k, Seward, Shields, Stuart, Thomp-
son of Kentucky, and Weller—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bayard, Benjamin,
Brown, Buller, Cass, Chase, Clay, Dawson, Doilge of
Iowa, Evans, Fessenden, Fitzpatrick, Giifette, Hunter,
Jones of towa, Mallory, Mason, Pearce, Pettit, Pratt, lteid,
Slide 11, Pumner, Thomson ef New Jersey, Waie, and
Wright—28.
So the motion was not agreed to.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENT BILLS.
Mr. SLIDELL. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill to remove
obstructions to the navigation of the mouths of
the Mississippi, at the Southwest Pass, and the
Pass a l'Outre.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to appeal to the Sen-
ator from Louisiana to permit me to call up a bill
for the relief of Brigadier General Walbach, of
the United States Army.
Mr. SLIDELL. Will it lead to discussion?
Mr. SHIELDS. None. General Walbach is
the oldest officer in the Army. He is now ninety
years of age, and, unless we pass the bill this
session, I fear it can do him no good.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will accommodate the Sen-
ator from Illinois. If my bill be taken up I shall
have no objection to laying it aside for a moment,
in order to consider the bill to which he alludes.
Mr. SHIELDS. If the bill, to which 1 have
referred, leads to any debate, I shall agree to pass
it over. The old gentleman was here yesterday,
from Baltimore, and I promised him to make an
effort to take uo the hill to-day.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Louisiana yield to the motion of the Senator from
Illinois?
Mr. SLIDELL. Not until the bill, which I
have moved to take up, be considered. When it
is taken up, I shall agree with great cheerfulness
to lay it aside temporarily to "consider the bill of
the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. SHIELDS. Very well.
The PRESIDENT. The question ia on the
motion of the Senator from Louisiana to take up
the bill to remove obstructions to the navigation
of the mouths of the Mississippi at tne Southwest
Pass, and the Pass a l'Outre.
Mr. CLAYTON. Tne question is, whether
we shall take up one of these internal improve-
ment bills by itself. I perceive that there are a
number of bills of that description on the Calendar
providing for improvements in particular parts of
the country; but I see no effort at all to embrace
other parts of the country where those improve-
ments are equally desirable, and demanded by the
public interests. Now, I am quite willing, I am
anxious, to remove the obstructionsatthe moutha
of the Mississippi; but there are other improve-
ments of equal importance. How is this matter
to be managed? Are these bills, which are now
on the table, to go through both branches of Con-
gress, and leave all the other works neglected ? I
am not satisfied with this. I do not know any
more important appropriation, for instance, than
one about which, 1 suppose, there is not a dif-
ference of opinion in Congress—an appropria-
tion to make repairs upon the Delaware break-
water—a matter of national and universal interest.
I do not wish to enter into a scramble on an occa-
sion of this sort, in favor of the particular section
of country to which I belong; but I am not willing
to stand by and see her overslaugheil. I am not
willing to take up one bill until we come to some
understanding in relation to the general subject of
internal improvements.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will remark,
that all the bills on the Calendar relating to inter-
nal improvements were made the special order of
the day for the 24th of January last, as well the
bill the Senator from Louisiana now proposes to
take up, as all the others.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will say to the Senator from
Delaware that if he has at heart the object which
he professes, he should pursue the course of those
who have introduced special bills and had them
made the special order for a particular day. He
has had ample time to follow the example of thoBe
who have done this. I do not say that he should
follow the example of anybody, but if he had
been anxious for the passage of an appropriation
for the improvement to which he refers, he would
now have it in a situation in which the other im-
provement bills are placed on the Calendar of the
Senate. I must confess that I think he might
have been more diligent in bringing the matter
to the attention of the Senate, and getting his bill
placed on the Calendar. It is not too late forhma
to do so now.
Mr. CLAYTON. ThehonorableSenatorthinks
I might have brought forward a bill for an appro-
priation, such as 1 expressed as desirable for the
Delaware breakwater. If I had done that, and
called up that bill, what would have been said by
gentlemen in other sections of the country ? What
would have been said by the honorable Senator
from Louisiana himself? Why, sir, I could not
have denied the absolute necessity of improve-
ments such as the one he has pointed out, and
others. I could not, with any face, have stood
up and'said there should be an appropriation
passed for my section of the country and not for
others.
Sir, there should be some understanding on this
subject. There are appropriations about which
gentlemen here do not differ. Why could not
those be put together in one bill? I do not choose
to place myself in a situation where I could be
objected by the honorable Senator from Louisiana
and others, and it could be said with propriety
against me: " Sir, you endeavored to provide for
your own section without reference to others."
But, as the gentleman thinks I ought to have
brought that forward as a separate biil, I give
notice that when his proposition comes up I shall
move to amend it by inserting an appropriation
for the Delaware breakwater, and then I shall be
m time for him.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, all the bills upon
the subject of internal improvement which have
been heretofore introduced by individual Senators
having connection with the States which they
represent here, were made, together with the bill
introduced by the Senator from Louisiana, the
