590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
special order for a particular day; and it is now
proposed that not only his bill, but all the bills
connected with that subject, shall be taken up for
consideration. The bill of the Senator from
Louisiana happens to be the first of them upon
the Calendar. The others will be considered after
that shall be considered and passed.
Now, the Senator from Delaware says he in-
tends to propose an appropriation for the Delaware
breakwri«r, which he desires to advocate as an
amendment to one of these bills. If I understand
correctly the veto message of the President of the
United States, he will veto any bill which contains
an appropriation that relates to more than any one
object, although all the objects contained in the
bill might, of themselves, if they stood individ-
ually, in his judgment, be right. At any rate,
whether that be the true construction or not to be
placed upon the veto message, the object of the
friends of internal improvement should be to give
to the President of the United States the oppor-
tunity of acting upon each bill separately, so that,
if the majority of Congress shall be in favor of
this, that, or the other measure, it may pass and
become the law of the land, provided the Presi-
dent of the United States shall believe it to be con-
stitutional ; and not, by placing bills together, give
him an opportunity of vetoing all, because there
may be, in his judgment, a constitutional objec-
tion to some of them. I am satisfied, therefore,
permit me to say to the Senator from Delaware,
that a large majority of this body have come to
the determination to put upon those bills no amend-
ment, but to vote upon each on its own merits,
and let it go to the Executive upon its individual
merits; so that all shall stand or fall here or there
as they may deserve to stand or fall.
One of the bills which was included in the
special order that was made, is one which, in con-
junction with the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware, I reported during the last session of Con-
gress from a special committee, making an appro-
priation for the improvement of the har >r at
Baltimore. That is a measure which entirely
meets the approbation of that Senator. Now, let
him introduce a bill making an appropriation for
the Delaware breakwater, and 1 am sure there
would be no objection to it. There can be no
constitutional objection on the pait of the Presi-
dent, and it will pass as a separate bill. That bill
can beinfroduced before these are disposed of, and
it can pass, provided it meets the approbation of j
a majority of this body; and I am sure that, sepa- !
rately and by itself, it would not be vetoed by the |
President of the United States; but he has no i
assurance that if it be placed on any other bill it j
may not be vetoed j
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator from Dela- ]
waie auks, apparently, emphatically, what we ,
should say if he had introduced a bill for the Dela- J
ware breakwater. I say exactly what I sayubout \
others: vote upon it, and vote for it, if proper; and ,
5 tinve no doubt it is proper. i
Mr. CLAYTON. With that understanding, I ;
shall agree to this motion. j
Mr."CASS. That is the principal reason I j
hav*  for rising now. I accord with every word ;
the honorable Senator from Maryland has said. j
it is very obvious wiih respect to every President i
who has acted on this subject, that there are limits i
beyond which he will not go. There are consti- [
tutional and unconstitutional improvements in his !
opinion. Now, if we make a hotch-potch of them, I
and jumble them altogether, it is very certain that
we bring together measures which,in his opinion,
are constitutional and unconstitutional, and he
cannot act fanly upon them. I have no authori'y
to  <peak for the President. J do not know his i
sentiments on this subjret except from his mea- j
sa^e; but there is no question at all that, in the !
river and harbor bill of the last aession, there were ,
many improvements which the President would i
not have vetoed if they stood by themselves, and i
which, obviously, did not come within the hmita- j
tions which he has laid down in his message. I
think the way to meet that is to do precisely what :
we are trying to do-—bring up each on its own 1
merits. I do entreat Senators now to permit no j
improvements to be added to any bill whatever.
As I said 10 the Senator from Delaware, let us take
them all up, deal fairly with them aif, and do not
incumber one with the weight of another.
Mr. CLAYTON. With that understanding,
i have no objection.
Mr. BELL;. There has been some preliminary
discussion on this point, which I do not think
applicable to the question immediately before the
Senate. The honorable Senator from Michigan,
I believe, intimated some knowledge of what the
President would do on this subject. Now, I should
like to interrogate that Senator, if he will allow me,
as to whether he is aware that the President would
or'would not veto an appropriation for the clearing
out of obstructions in the navigation of the Ohio,
or the Mississippi, or the Missouri river?
Mr. CASS. Most assuredly not. I distinctly
said that I did not know the President's* opinion
on the subject, except as they were developed in
his message. Every man can judge on that sub-
ject. _ •
Mr. BELL. It is now proposed to take up a
number of bills on this general subject, and i pre-
sume the bill for the improvements to which i have
referred, will be taken up in its regular order.
Mr. PRATT. A bill for that purpose has been
reported.
Mr. ADAMS. In order that we may have a
fair start on this subjcct, I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to:
The motion of Mr. Slidell was agreed to;
and the Senate accordingly, as in Committee of
the Whole, proceeded to the consideration of the
bill to remove obstructions to navigation in the
mouths of the Mississippi river, at the Southwest
Pass, and the Pas3 a I'Outre.
GENERA!, WALBACH.
Mr. SHIELDS. I now ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate, to take up the bill for the
relief of Brevet Brigadier General John B. Wal-
bach, of the United States Army.
Mr. SLIDELL. With the understanding that
there is to be no debate upon it, i have no objec-
tion.
Unanimous consent was given, and the Senate,
as in Committee of the VVhoh', proceeded to coii-
fcider the bill. It is? to direct the Secretary of
War to pay to Brigadier General Walbach, such
extra compensation as he may consider just arid
reasonable for the extra services performed by him
as aid-de camp to General Wilkinson, commis-
sioner of the United Siatea to treat with west-
ern Indians in the yenrs 1801 and I8il2; but the
per diem allowance is not to exceed that paid lo
General Wilkinson, nor he less than that of the
secretary to the commission for their extra ser-
vices while they weie engagf d in the same service.
In JHOI Brigadier General Wilkinson was ap-
pointed a jmnt commissioner on behalf of the
United Staus, to treat wiih the several tribes of
Indians eat.tof the Mississippi river, and General
Walbach accompanied Genera) Wilkinson as his
sole aid-de-camp, and attended him on the com-
mission, a scrvice extraneous* to his duly as a
military officer. During this service General
Walbach was necessarily exposed to all the in-
clemencies of the winter, and the parching heats
of summer, traveling over four thousand miles on
horseback. His hoise died of excessive fatigue,
and he being, by the nature of his service, sep-
arated from the commission, he was obliged to
procure subsistence ut his own expense. These
facts are fully supported by a letter from Major
General Macomb, who states, in addition, that
General Wilkinson was paid for these extra ser-
vices a per diem of eight dollars p^r day, and
Macomb himself, who was secretory to the corn-
mission, received an extra allowance of four dol-
lars per day.
This claim was presented to Congress in IbKM,
when no final action was had uponit,and General
Walbach, supposing it to be continuously before
Corgresp, did not call attention to it.
Mr. CASS. I hope the bill will pass without
a. single objection, f have known General Wal-
bach for more than fifty years, and a more honor-
able and gallant man I never saw. He came, X
think, from a disbanded British regiment m the
West Indies, and entered the army during Gen-
eral Washington's Administration, or if not, very
soon afterwards, and from that day to this he has
remained without one stain upon his honor. He
needs everything: that he can get; for he is poor.
I saw General Wilkinson, when going down the
Ohio upon that very expedition.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time and
IMPROVEMENT OF THE MOUTH Of THE
Mrssrsstppr.
The PRESIDENT. The bill to remove ob-
structions to navigation in the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi river, at the Southwest Pass and Pass
a l'Outre, is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole.
The bill, as originally introduced, proposed to
direct that, for the opening, and keeping open,
ship channels of sufficient capacity to accommo-
date the wants of commerce through the South-
west Pass and Pass a''Outre, leading from the
Mississippi river into the Gulf of Mexico, $300,000
be appropriated, to be expended under the super-
intendence of the Secretary of War; and further,
to make it the duty ©f the Secretary of War to
apply the appropriation to the opening, and keep-
ing open, of the ship-channel by contract, and at
an early day, in the next session of Congress, to
report the progress of the work, the amount
necessary to complete it, and an estimate of the
annual cost of keeping the channels open, and to
limit any contract made to the amount appropri-
ated.
The Committee on Commerce propose an
amendment to strike out all after the enacting
clause, and insert:
"That, for the opening, and keeping open, of ship chan-
nels, of sufficient depth and capacity to accommodate the
w an*3 of commerce, through the Southwest Pass and Pass
A I'Outre, leading from the Mississippi river into the Cu(f
of Mexico, ihe sum of .$220,(.00 be, and the same i* hereby,
appropnaU'd, to be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, and to be expended under the
su|m*iititendenoe ol the Secretary of War, by contract or
oihciwisc, in Ins discretion."
Mr. SLIDELL moved to amend the amend-
mtnt of the committee by striking out all after
" that," and inserting:
" For contimiiiijz the improvement of the channels at the
months ol the Missisi-ippi river, the sum ot S-.*.0J,00'l be, and
the Kttsie is in n tjy, appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated; audit
frhall lie the duty of the Secretary of War to apply said sum
to the npi-ium', and keeping open of said channels, by con-
tiuLt or othwiwise."
Mr. SLIDELL. I will state, for the informa-
tion of the Senate, that the amendment which I
have offered is identical, in substance, with the
clause in the river and harbor bill of last year,
and which, even in that form, commanded a very
larffe majority in its favor. I will further slate,
that there was scarcely a gentleman who opposed
the general river and harbor bill, who did not ex-
pressly declare that if the appropriation for the
mouths of the Mississippi was made distinctly,
they should not oppose it. Under these circum-
stances, I believe, the friends of the bill are not
disposed to enter into any discussion of its prin-
ciple. They are willing to submit it to the Senate
without discussion. I presume there will be no
difficulty about it.
Mr. I5UNJAMIN. The report of the Com-
mittee on Commerce was made last year, Jong
before the engineer's final report was made, and
the amendment of my colleague i3 in accordance
with the bill finally passed last year. Conse-
quently, that is the proper amendment to agree to.
Mr. Slidkll's amendment to the amendment
was agreed to; and the amendment, as amended,
w s agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
the amendment was concurred in, and the bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading. It
was read a third time; and the qucation°wa8.
" Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. MASON. I understand that it is the idea
•f the friends  f a general system of internal im-
provements, that the various syss ms which were
incorporated in one bill last year, shall be passed
uriahm at this session, and that this is the pioneer.
In order to exhibit to the country who are in favor
of the policy, I ask for the yeas and nays on the
question.
Mr. CLAYTON. And consider it a testques-
tton.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WELLER. I do net wish this to be con-
sider d as a test vote by any means. I shall vote
for the bill, because it is right in itself. Whether
l will vote for other bills or not, I shall deter min 
when they come up.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I regard it as very ele&rly ft
