1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
591
test question, whether this bill ought to pass or
not, and not a test of anything else.
Mr. HAMLIN. I shall vote for the bill with
great cheerfulness, and by so doing, I do not mean
to pledge myself for any other.
Mr. A DAMS. I shall vote for this bill, know-
ing as I do that it is necessary in order to enable
the Government to collect the revenues at .New
Orleans, and perhaps it is the only bill of the kind
that I shall vote for.
The question was taken by yeas and nays, and
resulted—yeas 39, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Badger, Bayard, Bell,
Benjamin, Bright, Brodhead, Brown, Ca s, Clia^e, Clayton,
Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Fessenden, Foot, Geyer, Gillette, Gwin, Ilamlm, Houston,
Jones of fowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mailory, Morton, Pet-
tit, Pratt, Reid, Seward, Shields, Shdeil, Stum, Sumner,
Thompson of Kentucky, Wade, Welier, and Wright—39.
NAYS—jVlessrs. Clay, Evans, FiUpatrick, Hunter, and
Mabon—5.
So the bill was passed.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENT BILLS INTRO-
DUCED.
Mr. BELL. I move that the Senate now take
up the bill making appropriations for the improve-
ment of the Mississippi and Ohio.
Mr. CASS. The bills stand consecutively on
the Calendar. The second one immediately fol* (
lowing the bill which we have just passed has j
been before the Senate for two months, and has
been made the special order twice. Do not let us i
disturb the order. If we do, it will lead to an ;
endless confusion. It has been understood from
the beginning that the bill of the Senator from
Louisiana should come first, an'd the one for the
improvement of the St. Clair fiats second, and so
on until we get through.
Several Senators. Take them in order.
Mr. BELL. 1 want some bill that wiil bring
up a different test. That is connected with the
northern border.
Mr. CASS. "Sufficient unto the day is the
evil thereof." We are prepared to meet that m
due time. Let us follow the order of business.
Mr. MASON. As it is four o'clock, I move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CHASE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered and taken—yea3 23, nays 25;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Bayard, Bright,Biown,
day, Clayton, Dawson, Evans, L-'itzp itrick, Foot, Geycr,
Hamlin, Hunter, Mailory, Mason, Morton. IVmt, Itoid,
Seward, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey,
and Wells—23.
NAY£—Messrs. AUen, Boll, Benjamin, Brninfrd, Brod-
head, Ca^s, Chase, Uod?'' of Wisconsin, Dodge ot Iowa,
Douglas FesMinden, Gillette, Givin, ilon>! n, J.uves,
JoiK'b ol Iowa, Jons's of Tennessee, Pratt, Shields, Siidell,
Stuarr, Sumner, Wade, Welier, and Wright—Ho.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. GEYER. I ask the unanimous consent to
introduce two bills. My desire is to accommo-
date myself to the wishes of gentlemen. I wish
to introduce these bills, and have them made the
special orders v/ith the other bills.
Unanimous consent was given; and the follow-
ing bills were introduced, read, and ordeted to a
second reading:
A bill to provide for continuing the improvement
of the Mississippi river; and
A bill to provide for continuing the improvement
of the Missouri river.
Mr. GWIN asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill to complete the
work at the mouth of the river San D ego, in the
State of California; which was read, passed to a
second reading, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAYARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill making
appropriation for the improvement of the Dela-
ware break water; which was read, and oidered to
a second reading.
NOTICES OP BILLS.
Mr. BELL. I give notice that I shall to-mor-
row morning ask leave to introduce a bill to con-
tinue the improvement of the navigation of the
Tennessee river.
Mr. SEW A RD. I give notice that 1 shall to-
morrow morning ask leave to introduce a bill to
continue the improvements upon the Hudson river.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE PATAPSCO.
Mr. PRATT. I hope that the next bill will
now be taken up.
The PRESIDENT. Th* next is the bill for
the improvement of the navigation of the Patapsco
river, and to render the port of Baltimore accessi-
ble to the war steamers of the United States.
Mr. PRATT, i move that the Senate proceed
to its consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and (he Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. *
Mr. ADAMS. In order that the various Sena-
tors may have an opportunity of preparing their
bills, I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was reported from a select committee,
and proposes to appropriate $300,000, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of
War, in deepening the channel of the Patapsco
river, for the purposes specified.
The committee, among other things, state in
their report that the port of Baltimore is now (by
reason of the obstructions proposed to be removed)
inaccessible to the largest class of vessels engaged
in commerce, and wholly inaccessible to the war
steamers of the United States. The Federal Gov-
ernment is now deriving from commerce an annual
revenue of about sixty millions of dollars, and,
in the judgment of the committee, the express
power to legulale necessarily implies not only the
power but the obligation to remove such obstruc-
tions to commerce as exist in the present case. It
would be a singular anomaly to assume that a Gov-
ernment possessing the power to regulate com-
merce, and in fact regulating it in such manner as
to derive from it almost Us entire revenue, should
be deprived of the power of appropriating a part of
that revenue to the removal of such natural or arti-
ficial obstructions as might destroy or impair it.
The State of Maryland was the pioneer in the
effort to connect by railroad the great west with
the Atlantic sea-board; and the city of Baltimore,
by her railroad, now completed to the Ohio river,
will, m a few months, have a continuous railrord
connection with Cincinnati and St. Louis, whilst
she wiil have by the Baltimore and Susquehanna
railroad a direct and continuous railroad connec-
tion with Pittsburg. These improvements, when
considered in connection with the geographical
position of Baltimore, would indicate that city as
a natural market for the produce of the sections
of country above referred to; and the fact that
Baltimore is much nearer those points than any
other sea-port, would clearly indicate that city as
a proper point for the distubution of the foreign
mails, and consequently as a port from which a
line of mad steamers should be established to Eu-
rope and South America. Vessels ot the largest
class can be navigated with proportionately less
expense, and can consequently carry cargoes upon
lower terms than vessels of the smaller size, winch
merchants are now compelled to employ in the
commerce of this port; and it follows that the prod-
ucts of those sections of the Union, having Balti-
more as their market, would be benefited by the
contemplated improvement to the extent of the
difference of freights in vessels of the largest and
those of smaller tonnage. Without the improve-
ment designed to be effected by the bill, the Gov-
ernment cannot use the port of Baltimore for the
mail facilities which the central position and rail-
road connections ol Baltimore with the great points
of commerce, would make economical and conve-
nient.
The foreign commerce of the United States,
which now exceeds that of any other nation ex-
cept Great Britain, will force the Government to
continue the policy of increasing the steam marine
to an extent adequate, in some degree, to its pro-
tection. The superiority of war vessels propelled
by steam, for such purposes, is admitted by evil;
but the Government has been deiened from the
general use of this means of national defense by
the difficulty of obtaining a constant and economi-
cal supply of fuel adapted to the generation of
steam—a difficulty which will be entirely sur-
mounted by making the port of Baltimore accessi-
ble to those steamers. The Federal Executive
appreciating the necessity of increasing this arm
of the service, and the consequent necessity of ob« i
taming a supply of fuel best adapted for its use, at
an earlier day caused to be made a scientific ex-
amination of the many varieties of coal which
could be supplied in this country, with the view to
decide which couid be most advantageously used
to generate steam. This experiment resulted in a
report giving an analysis of many varieties of coal,
and the relative capacity of each, placing the bitu-
minous coal of Maryland above all others for its
capacity to generate steam. It is estimated that
about one million of tons of this coal will be carried
by the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, in the present
year, to the city of Baltimore.
The bituminous coal-field of Maryland will fur-
nish for centuries an abundant supply. The area
of this coal-field is not less than five hundred and
fifty square miles; and one square mile is esti-
mated to contain nine millionsof tons, which would
supply five hundred tons per day for about fifty
years.
The great desideratum—an abundant supply of
the coal ascertained to be best adapted to the use
of our steam marine—has been attained; anchjt
only remains for the Government to consider how
this supply can be most economically obtained.
It is believed that the practice of the Government
heretofore has-been to buy this coal at Baltimore,
and then to ship it, at great cost, in small vessels,
to their different naval depots, for the use of such
of the national vessels as may start from them;
whilst for the supply of the steamers upon foreign
stations, the practice has been to load vessels of
the largest class, as small vessels could not carry so
bulky un article, except at greatly increased rates.
Such ships cannot now load at the port of Bal-
timore because of the obstructions proposed to
be removed by the appropriation. During the
last summer several large ships loaded at this port
with coal for the East India squadron. These
ships took in about half of their cargoes at the
coat wharf, and afterwards went fifteen miles
down the river, where the other half was taken in
lighters, at great expense to the Government,
which must continue to be the case with all fuel
carried to our distant squadrons.
From the Chesapeake bay to Pensacola there
is not a single harbor where the large class steam
frigates can enter, with the exception of Key
West, and to that as well as to all other ports the
fuel must go from Baltimore, at a great expense
of freightage and loss by deterioration.
Sincerely hoping as they do that our country
may enjoy the blessings of continued peace, the
committee cannot but see in the actual existence
of the war in Europe, and the necessary compli-
cation of ou>* commercial relations with the bellig-
erent Poweis, as also in our existing relations with
Spam, reasonable grounds to apprehend the pos-
sibility of our country's being involved in the
calamities of war with some one of the nations of
Europe. Any war in which our country can en-
gage must be chiefly conducted by vessels pro-
pelled by steam; and if there is no port south of
the capes of the Chesapeake until Pensacoia be
reached, where the largest class of men-of-war can
enter for shelter, repairs, or supplies, whether of
men, provisions, or coal, and that an adequate
supply of the coal best suited to generate steam
can only be procured at Baltimore, it would neces-
sarily follow that the Government is imperatively
called on, by every consideration of public policy,
to make the port of Baltimore not only accessible
to our steam marine, but to render it impervious
to the attack of any maritime Power. The safety
of the port from any naval force which could
be brought against it, the committee think, will
be fully secured by the completion of Fort Carrol,
now being erected upon Sollers's flats.
Mr. MASON. I should like to know from the
Senator from Maryland whether the sum of
^,300,000 has been estimated as the probable cost
of tne work, by any Department of the Govern-
ment; and if it has been estimated by any Depart-
ment, under what authority it was made?
Mr. PRATT. The Congress of the United
States have been appropriating, year after year,
when any appropriations have been made to simi-
lar works, small sums to effect the object proposed
to be accomplished by this bill. The result has
been that, under the direction of the War Depart-
ment, surveys and estimates of the.cost have been
made; and $300,000 will be adequate, I under-
stand, to complete the improvement. Itstands
identically on a footing with the bill which the
Senate has just almost unanimously passed, with
this exception—that in regard to the Patapsco
river, the obstructions which now exist, were
occasioned in some degree by the action of the
Federal Government itself; for it is a part of the
history of the country that, in the war of 1819, to
prevent the enemy getting to the city of Baltimore,
