592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6.
vessels were sunk by the Federal authorities there,
which commenced the obstruction. The com-
merce of Baltimore yields, 1 believe, to the Federal
Government a revenue of upwards of a miluon of
dollars annually; and that commerce has been
greatly incommoded by means of the action of the
Federal Government. I do not mean to make a
speech; but besides these, there are many other
reasons why the bill should pass.
Mr. MASON. I asked the honorable Senator
whether any estimate had been made of the prob-
able cost of the work, and by what authority that
estimate had been made. I am answered by his
informing me that small sums of money have been
appropriated from time to time for a work of this
d^Sscnpiion, and that he understands that $300>000
will complete it. Now, sir, upon the face of the
bill, one object is to enable ships of war to reach
Baltimore. I have not been informed that the i
Executive Department of the Government has
ever advised Congress that it was desirable that
theships of war should go to the port of Baltimore.
I have never had that information. 1 am not
aware that it considers it desirable that it should
have a place at the navy-yard for the lepairor
building of ships of war of the size that cannot
now get there; and I am left to presume, therefore,
that the Senator who so ably and well represents
the State of Maryland thinks it will be important
to have that much money appropriated for the
benefit of the city of Baltimore.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator says he is not
aware of any necessity for a ship of war getting
to the port of Baltimore.
Mr. MASON. That we have never been ad-
vised by the Executive Government that there
was any such necessity.
Mr. PRATT. I suppose the Senator knows it
without being told so by the Executive. There is
no southern port into which a ship of war of the
largest size can now get at all. No war steamer
can get into a southern port of this Union, ex-
cept 
A Senator. Norfolk.
Mr. PRATT. I mean after you pass the capes
there is no southern port into which a ship of the
largest size can get. It is important in the case of
our vessels 
Mr. MALLORY. Will my honorable friend
from Maryland except Pensacola, m Florida?
Mr. PRATT. I will except them all, [laugh-
ter;] but I only mean to say that the necessity for
having the port of Baltimore accessible to vessels
of war must be apparent to every Senator who
will look at the question. If the Chesapeake
swarmed with the fleet of an enemy, would it not
be important that our largest vessels of war should
be able to get behind the fort for the purpose of
protection ? Is it not important, too, that the third
port in the Union should be protected by vessels
of the larger size?
I do not mean to be drawn into a discussion of
the question. 1 hope the vote will be taken upon
it. If the honorable Senator is opposed to it, let
him vote against it. I am sure he is as fully aware
as I could makehim,or the Executive could make
him, of the necessity of making the port of Balti-
more accessible to the national vessels. The esti-
mate has been made by the War Department. I
so said. Appropriations have been made from
time to time. The officers, under the order of the
Federal Executive, have been employed in making
surveys of the cost of making the improvement,
and it has resulted, as I learn, in the estimate
which is in the bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to know from the
Senator from Maryland whether this is the sum
which was contained, for this work, in the river
and harbor bill of last year, that was vetoed?
Mr. PRATT. It is not.
Mr. DOUG LAS. W hat was the amount in that
bill?
Mr. PRATT. Fifty thousand dollars.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then it is proposed to raise
the estimate of last year from $50,000 to $300,000.
Mr. PRATT. It is not proposed to raise the
estimate. It is proposed at once, by an appro-
priation of a sufficient amount, to complete the im-
provement. Fifty thousund dollars was not be-
lieved to be adequate, or reported to be adequate;
but it was merely an annual appropriation for the
purpose of completing it at the end of some four
or five years, requiring as many consecutive an-
nual appropriations. We have adopted, by this
plan, the appropriation in solido for the completion
of the whole work.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The same ratio would re-
quire us to place the appropriation which was pro-
posed for Chicago of $12,000, at $500,000, and bo
on, with other items, if you carry ou-t the bill
of last year in this way, putting in the total cost
instead of making the appropriations gradually,
you will have your bills amounting to $100,000,000
instead of $2,500 000. That will be the inevita-
ble result if this system is to go on; and if you
give the total in one instance, why not in all ?
Mr. PEARCE. I desire to say to the Senate
that, in regard to the improvement of thePataps-
co, I recollect seeing, in the documents accom-
panying the President's message at the last session
of Congress, a report made by Captain Brereton
upon the subject, and which throws much light
upon it. I think it would be well for the Senate
to adjourn now, and in the morning they can be
furnished with that information, i therefore
move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February G, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the
following titles; which received the Speaker's sig-
nature:
An act to change the names of the American-
built vessels J. H.Holmes and Franklin Pierce;
An act to incorporate St. Joseph's Male Orphan
Asylum in the District of Columbia;
An act making appropriations for the construc-
tion of certain military roads in the Territories of
Nebraska and Washington; and
An act for the relief of Thomas Marston Tay-
lor.
COMMUNICATIONS FROM DEPARTMENTS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting and recommending supplemental
estimates from the Department of the Interior, of
expenses necessary to be incurred in carrying out
the plan of colonizing the Texas Indians upon the
reservations selected for them, and opening com-
munication with the Texas, Camanche, and
Apache Indian tribes; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
Also, a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, relative to the increase of estimates for
purchasing oil for the light-house establishment;
which was referred to the Cjmmittee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, transmitting the results of experiments
made to test the strength of wrought-iron beams
and girders, with sketches of the various kinds
used, and recommending an appropriation of
$3,500 to meet the expenses of a complete series
of experiments.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I move that the commu-
nication be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed lo.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Treasury Department,
transmitting lists of the clerks and other persons
employed in that Department during the past year;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
UNFINISHED BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The first question in order
is the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. If gentlemen will
hear me, I desire to make a reqnestof the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not know what my
friend is going to ask the House to do. 1 call for
the regular order of business, and if what he
intends to ask for is outside of it, I object to it.
Mr. OLIVER. Let the gentleman first hear
my proposition before he objects.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Let the gentleman state
his proposition; but I desire the Chair to note ma
as objecting to all business other than that in
order.
Mr. OLIVER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up for consideration a bill to
amend " An act to provide for the payment of
horses and other property lost or destroyed in
the military service of the United States.*'
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call on the Chair
to announce the business first in order during the
morning hour, so that the morning hour may be
goingon.
Mr. CLINGM AN. I object to the proposition
of the gentleman from Missouri, and to all prop-
ositions out of order.
W. B. CHASE-
The SPEAKER. The question first in order
is to lay upon the table the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the following resolution was
adopted yesterday:
Resolved, That the Speaker of this House be directed to
revoke the privilege under which W. B. Chase holds a
reporter's desk oil this floor, and that said W. B. Chase be
excluded from the Hall.
Mr. PECKHAM. I askconsentof theHouse
to make one suggestion in reference to this matter.
Mr, CLINGMAN. I object to debate on either
side.
Mr. PECKHAM. I do not desire to debate
the resolution, but to make a suggestion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object, unless opportu-
nity be also given for reply. I was cut off from
explanation yesterday by the previous question,
and I now insist upon the enforcement of the rules.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
Chair must enforce the rules.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Maybe the gentleman
desires to address himself to a personal matter.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the gentleman desires
to make a personal explanation, I withdraw ray
objection.
Mr. PECKHAM. I do not desire to make
any personal explanation. I was going to make
a suggestion, so that this whole matter might be
put into the hands of the Speaker. We have
spent time enough on it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The vote which we are to
take will dispose of the matter. I insist on the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. On the motion that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid upon the table tellers
were ordered.
Messrs. Clingman and Peckham were ap-
pointed.
The question was taken; and the motion to re-
consider was laid upon the table, the tellers having
reported—ayes 80, noes 42.
So the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the resolution was passed was laid on the table.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR SYSTEMS.
The SPEAKER. The next question in order
is upon the bill to remodel the diplomatic and con-
sular systems of the United States, reported from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs by the gentle-
man from Louisiana, [Mr. Perkins,] and upon
which he is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana, resumed his re-
marks in explanation of the bill, and, having
heretofore stated the changes it proposed to make
in the diplomatic system, proceeded to recapitu-
late the reforms it would effect, if it should be-
come a law, in the consular system. It simply
proposes (he stated) to make plain and distinct
what has heretofore been complex and intricate.
It provides, first, that no one shall receive an ap-
pointment as consul who is not a citizen of the
United States; second, that a consul shall not re-
ceive remuneration for his services until he arrives
at his post, his compensation to cease when he
leaves it; third, it provides for a simplification of
the grades of consular rank. We had now con-
suls general, consuls, vice consuls, and commer-
cial agents. We adopted our sysfem from that
or the English, and it does not conform to our
wants or to our institutions. The bill simply
proposes that we shall have consuls, and commer-
cial agents. In the fourth place, the bill prohibits
any consul from engagingin trade, and thu« using
the facilities conferred upon him by Government
to his own advantage and to the detriment of other
American citizens residing at the port to which he
is sent, and, fifthly, it provides that consuls shall
