594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
to support her government, where would have
been the mortgage ? Where would have been the
power to have enforced it ? But, sir, I hold that
this Government, by; annexing Texas and incor-
porating her into this Union, gave to Texas and
gave to the creditors of Texas, a sound and valu-
able consideration for the transfer of her custom-
houses and customs revenue, in the guarantee of
her permanent existence and independence. In
placing her upon that permanent Jiasis which this
Government itself enjoys, we guarantied to her
her existence and her independence, and we have
maintained it so far. Now, sir, I appeal to you
and to this committee, to say whether that was
not a fair and bona fide equivalent for the cus-
tom-house duties received by this Government?
Suppose that, instead of annexation and incorpor-
ation into this Government, Texas had trans-
ferred to the United States her custom-houses,
and her revenues from that source, upoiicondition
that the United States would guaranty her inde-
pendent and separate existence against Mexico
and all the world, would that not have been a fair
equivalent for the custom-houses ? Would it not
have been better for the creditors than to have left
them with Texas? Would any person have said
that under such a compact as that, this Govern-
ment would have been bound for the debt of
Texas ?
But, Mr. Chairman, admitting, for a moment,
that we were bound; and if that be conceded, I
think that it must then follow that we took those
revenues of Texas derived from her customs, with
all the incumbrances, and all the liabilities to which
they were subject. Now, in the first place, Texas
relied mainly upon her customs revenues for means
to defray the current expenses of her Government
in an independent position. Then, sir, if we took
her with these incumbrances on her, by all fair
and legitimate rules we should go into an account j
and see what it has cost us to defray the expenses |
incident to Texas since she has been annexed, and
then strike the balance. It appears to me, that
even upon the assumed ground that the3e custom-
house resources were mortgaged by the State of
Texas, that course would be the correct one to
pursue. I have not looked into the facts as to the
amount received from custom dues through the
custom-houses of Texas since she has been an-
nexed to this Government, but I suppose that it
will not be contended that the revenue from that
source has been equal to or beyond the propor-
tionate and legitimate expenses which we have in-
curred in consequence of theannexation of Texas.
Again, sir, by the annexation resolution it was j
provided that Texas should retain all of her public :
lands and other property to pay herdebts. Now, ;
sir, by the boundary act of 1851) we proposed to ,
Texas that if she would relinquish her claim to
certain territory which she claimed, this Govern-
ment, in consideration of that relinquishment, >
would pay to her the sum of $]U,0IJ().()U(), in a
stock running fourteen years and bearing interest ^
at five per centum per annum. Texas having ;
given her assent, ^5,000,000 of these bonds were ;
issued, under the law dated January 1, 1351, and ,
due on 1st January, 1885. This last £.0,000,000 !
is deposited and retained in the Treasury of the
United States^ecause certain stipulations of the
act of 1850 have not been complied with by the
creditors of Texas. This Government, through ;
various acts of legislation, purchased property
from Texas, and we have never touched one foot, ;
1 may say, of her invaluable soil was conveyed in
that purchase. We have left her a territory suf-
ficient to constitute five States at least, without
even touching her claims within her present limits. ;
We agreed to pay her ^j.0,000,000, which, if,
appropriated and applied to her debts, would
enable her, v/ithout, perhaps, any onerous taxa-
tion upon "her people, to have paid every dollar of j
her revolutionary debt—every dollar that she
owed at the time of her annexation. _ i
Then, sir, if there were some plausibility m the
argument that we incurred these responsibilities,
vet, having purchased her property at a price
which was, perhaps, beyond its value, in a bona
fide transaction—at a price which womd have
liquidated that debt-I think that we are released
from all responsibility, and even from all stigma
which might attach to their non-payment. And it
is upon these grounds, and for these reasons, that
1 cannot give my support to the bill as it is now
before the committee. Theamountof $8,550,000
in the bill passed by the Senate, is made up of the
$6,550,000 of bonds, and the interest at five per
cent, per annum on that $5,000,000 for the four-
teen years the bonds have to run, §3,500,000.
The amount which I propose to insert in the bill
($G,550,000) is made up of the Texas indemnity
bonds issued under the act of September 7, 1850,
dated January 1, 1851, and due in fourteen years
after date—January 1, 1865—- bearing interest at
the rate of five per cent, per annum, now depos-
ited in the Treasury of the United States, and
worth in the market six per cent, premium.
This six per cent, premium on $5,000,000 makes
§300,000. The reason why 1 assume the rate of
premium at six per cent, is, because, by an adver-
tisement now m the papers of this city, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury gives notice to all holders
of any part of the $5,000",000 of bonds which were
delivered to Texas, of the same character and
description as these, that he will pay them the face
or par value of the bonds which they may present,
with all interest, accrued at the time of presenta-
tion, and six per cent, premium on the lace value
of these bonds.
This rate of premium on the $5,000,000 is
§300,000. This bill proposes that it shall not be
executed until Texas, by an act of her Legislature,
. shall give her assent to us provision; and 1 assume
j that it will take the greater part, if not the whole,
| of the present year before the assent of Texas will
be obtained, and that the Treasury will not be able
: to pay out the money—if appropriated—before
I the 1st of January next, which will be five years
| from the date of the bonds. Consequently there
! will be five years' interest due at that time,at five
j per cent, per annum, which makes $1,250,000.
] This, when added to the ^5,000,000 of bunds and
' the $300*000 of premium, makes the whole amount
i U,i>50,000, which sum 1 have moved to insert in
! Jieu of the amount now m the bill. This amend-
I ment will be, 1 hope, sustained by the committee
I and by the I louse, and will become the law, so
as that this Government will have paid over its
i indebtedness to Texas, and will have got rid of
i the matter.
i I was here, Mr. Chairman, when Texas was
j annexed. I supported that proposition. I was
| here when she war, admitted into this Confederacy,
i and voted for that, too. I wus here when the war
J was declared (o support her independence, and to
' give her that protection which we have pledged
j ourselves she should receive at our hands. 1 sus-
! tamed ail the propositions which passed the Con-
i gre.ss of the United States to prosecute, vigorously
i and ediciently, that war. 1 was here, and voted
| for the boundary bill. And, sir, when 1 look back
j 1 cannot bring mymmd to the conclusion thatfjtin
i any one act 1 h^ve performed in ail these various i
cises, i assumed the debt of Texas, or pledged
■ these United States to pay that debt. We do,
' however, owe the &5,000,000, with the accrued
i interest thereon; and 1 am willing to pay a fair
premium for tins f-tuck. ij
Mi. JjCLL. Mr. Chairman, a sense of duty jj
1 alone mdneen me to a>,k the attention of the com- ^
i mit.lee while 1 attempt, briefly and imperfectly, j
! to express some of the views 1 entertain in refer- I
i euce to the measure now under consideration. 1 j
! heart;iy wish, .sir, that this weighty and highly j
' important measuie, on which 1 am now called to .
■ speak, had been committed, so far as 1 am con- j
! cernfd, to the direction of some one more capable !
1 of picventmg it in lt.i just l.ght and upon its true j
! ments, than myself, it is important ys a national ;
i matter, as it involves a large expenditure ot tiie j
! public un-uns; and it embraces, likewise, a princi- |
| pie winch it may be well to understand and define ;
' m this age of passion and progress, to wit: [low ■
■ far is it just, expedient, or proper, for the Federal !
: Government to intervene between a sovereign j
, State and a party with whom it may have mutual, |
j legitimate, and recognized intercom se and rela- }
i uons5 in the adjustment of her social, political, or j
i pecuniary transactions ? _ ]
j These are grave points, which T do not now j
j propose to consider; but will leave them to the ,
< superior sagacity of others; to those possessing ;
ampler knowledge of the theory and operations oi .
I Government. The bill under conspiration pro-
I vides that " in lieu of the sum of $5,000,000, pay-
] able to the State of Texas in five per cent, stock
j of the United States, by the act of September 9,
| 1850;" that the Secretary of the Treasury be
I directed to pay to the creditors of the late Republic
of Texas, who hold bonds, or other evidences, of
debt, for which the revenues of that Republic were
pledged, the sum of §8,500,000, to be appropriated
among the holders thereof $ro rata.
It also provides, that where the State of Texas
shall have paid any part of the debt described m
this act, the Secretary of the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States shall refund the amount so paid by the
State, upon presentation at the Treasury Depart-
ment of the evidences of-debt on which the said
State may have made such payment.
It further provides, that no payment is to be
made to any holder of such evidences of debt or
securities, unless the said holder thereof shall first
execute a receipt to the United Spates for the said
payment, in which all claim shall be released
against the United States for said securities or
evidences of debt, in such form as the Secretary
of the Treasury may prescribe. The securities,
or evidences'of debt, to be deposited with the
Treasury Department until otherwise directed by
law. Also, that ninety days'notice shall be given
by public advertisement, (before payment of the
aforesaid moneys,) by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, of the time at which said payment will be
made. And that no payment shffl! be made on
any evidence of debt, &c., which shall not be pre-
sented thirty days before the time limited by said
act.
The assent of the Legislature of the State of
Texas is first to be had by the passage of a law to
that effect, a copy of which, duly authenticated,
is to be deposited in the Treasury of the United
States.
1 desire to make no opposition to the bill under
consideration. I am content that it shall pass
Congress, and be submitted to Texas for her con-
sideration and deliberate adoption or rejection.
But as the course of Texas in reference to this
subject has been greatly misunderstood, and her
conduct censured, it is, I conceive,due to myself,
from my past and present relations to that State,
briefly to present some of the considerations
which, if properly understood, vindicate her con-
duct. in relation to her revolutionary debt.
At this late period Gf the session it will not be
agreeable to members, nor can it be expected, that
1 will enter fully into this subject, with ti^e argu-
ments and details belonging to it. I will not,
therefore, trespass on the time of the House, but
limiting myself to a few of the most important
considerations connected with it, confide it to the
justice and wisdom of Congress.
Texas commenced her struggle for liberty and
independence with a population numbering about
twenty thousand, sparsely scattered over a large
extent of country, and with an area to subdue,
quite as extensive as that of Virginia, North and
South Carolina. This population, under the op-
pressive Government of Mexico, was without
j commerce, without means, without a currency of
| her own, and without any standard of pecuniary
i value settled by her laws, in the midst of her
i arduous, protracted, and unequal struggle, sur-
| rounded* as she was, by the most discouraging
j circumstances, it became necessary to issue her
i bonds and notes as the only currency or circula-
' ting medium she could create to supply her Gov-
ernment, or answer the ordinary business trans-
actions of her people. This was a necessity
from which there wss no appeal.
It is obvious that such a currency thus created,
would, in its actual market value, vary widely
from a specie circulation, and so far as it entered
into the business transactions of life, would rate
far beiow the value of the paper currency of a
well settled commercial Commonwealth.
All persons having transactions in such a cur-
rency, would give or receive it at a value below
the standard of specie or sound paper currency.
What the actual standard of the value of such a
curtency would be might depend on circumstances,
and may be difficult in some cases to ascertain,
but whatever that standard was, honesty and fair
dealing required that contracts made in reference
to it should be complied with. This may be illus-
trated by referring to the old currency of the rev-
olutionary war. it is said, and, I believe, truly, that
this currency was, in some instances, depreciated
as low as one thousand dollars for one, and that
five hundred dollars was often the price of a din-
ner worth, m specie, fifty cents. Could then the
publican who charged five hundred dollars for a
meal in this currency, when it was withdrawn
