1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
597
Uuincy Adams, whose voice is yet sounding in
the ears of the people of this nation.
My object, on the present occasion, is to call
up some historical reminiscences connected with
this matter: to bring the past and present before
u° in as few words as 1 shall be able to express
my thoughts.
Sir, eighteen years since Texas found herself
engaged in war, her resources exhausted by her
revolution, and the expense of blood and treasure
which she had expended in her efforts to become
independent. She then applied to this Govern-
ment for annexation to the United States. Mr.
Van Buren, then President, with a Cabinet entirely
composed c)f Democrats, rejected the proposition,
refusing to submit it to the Senate, declaring the
President could not entertain it for the very ob-
vious reason that our Constitution had made no
provision for such a transaction. All remember
the able letter of Mr. Forsyth, a southern man,
at that time Secretary of State.
It was one of those acts of Mr. Van Buren and
'his Cabinet, which will live in history. His en-
tire party, and, indeed, the entire nation appear-
ed to be satisfied with it. But the slave interest,
ever watchful, ever aggressive, began to look upon
annexation as desirable, in order to perpetuate
slavery. Mr. Van Buren was defeated m the
attempt of his friends to reelect him, and those
most deeply involved in the interests of slavery
began silently to concoct means for annexation.
Then while these efforts were unknown to the
public, the address to which I allude was put forth.
The Democratic party were soon drilled into
the policy of annexation. They saw it v.-as to
have a bearing on the next presidential election,
and the annexation of Texas was made a party
measure. The Democrats who had lauded Mr.
Van Buren for his rejection of their proposition to
annex Texas, now became the warmestadvocales
of that measure.
Members of this body who refused to violate
their own judgments, were denounced before the
country, and the party in our free States, at the
behest of the slave power, struck down some of
the ablest and most devoted members of this
House. I well recollect a colleague (Hon. Jacob
Brinkerhoff) who dared here to express his honest
convictions on this subject. The slave power
denounced him, and the party have to this day
repudiated him in consequence of his daring to
think and act for himself.
I need not repeat here, sir, that under a Whig
Administration—perhaps ldo injustice,and I will
Bay an Administration elected by Whig votes—the
negotiation for annexing Texas was entered upon
and pressed to a termination for the reason, as
was said, it would extend slavery, and perpetuate
it in our own States. The same reasons were
urged here and to our Ministers resident at foreign
Courts. A treaty was eventually formed, by
which Texas was to become a part ofthis Confed-
eracy. This, sir, was the only mode by which
this Government could constitutionally bind our
people to pay any portion of the debt of Texas.
Gentlemen speak of our contiad to pay this debt.
Where is that contract to be found? Not m the
treaty, by which alone we could contract. ^ The
treaty was rejected. The constitutional majority
could not be obtained in the Senate to ratify it.
Up to the time of rejecting that treaty, no states-
man ever dreamed that Texas could be constitu-
tionally annexed by joint resolution, or that we
could contract with another Government by joint
resolution. The advocates of that measure were
then distinctly informed that joint resolutions
could, at any future day, be repealed. That no
future Congress would be under any obligation to
continue them in force. On more than one occa-
sion, I, myself, proclaimed this doctrine. So true
"was it, that, at our last session, the Missouri pro-
hibition of slavery in Kansas and Nebraska, after
being approved and venerated by the nation for
thirty-four years, was repealed. I then said, as
I did in 1846, that any act or joint resolution of
Congress must ever be constitutionally subject to
repeal. I say so now. The joint resolutions an-
nexing Texas, the law of 1850', defining her bound-
dries and granting to that State ^10,000,000, are
all repealable; or they may be modified whenever
Congress shall see fit to do so. So far from re-
garding those resolutions as a compact binding
upon us, I deny the doctrine. I meet it in limine.
Neither the Congress of 1846 nor that of 1850
could place any obligation upon my conscience,
or impose upon me any such duty as taking the
money of our people of Ohio to pay the debt of
T oxas.
But to return to the history of the presidential
campaign of 1S44. Mr. Van Buren was rejected
in consequence of his adhering to the doctrine that
the annexation of Texas was unauthorized by the
Constitution. His party were apparently drilled
into that measure; and, as thecontest grew warm,
Mr. Clay, the Whig candidate, seeing the slave
power rallying so generally on that issue, began
to falter, spoke of annexation as likely to take
place, and declared that he " had no persona) ob-
jection to it." He stood as the leader of that
party. His influence was great, and when he
quailed before the power of oppression, his ex-
ample became fatal to himself and party. He was
defeated. The power that produced his defeat had
changed the position of the entire Democratic
party. They became the supporters of annex-
ation. Whigs, following the example of Mr.
j Clay, believed their party incapable of resisting
' the encroachments of the slave power, and a suf-
ficient number of Whigs, both of the Senate and
House, changed their position, and voted with the
Democrats to carry the joint resolutions of annex-
ation.
I point Whigs, or those who have heretofore
been denominated Whigs, to this event as the com-
mencement of the downfall of that party. I refer
to these historical matters, however, to show the j
perfect absence of nil equity, and of all moral obli- j
gution to suppoit the Lull before us. While the !
resolutions of annexation were pending, these j
creditors made no objection. During the whole |
discussion of that measure, the creditors of Texas I
did not pretend that annexation would diminish j
the value of their claims. On the contrary, with |
one unanimous voice, so far as my knowledge |
extended, they said that annexation would in- I
crease the value of Texas bonds. 1 know that was j
| said by some of her principal creditors, and 1 j
heard of no one who thought or spoke otherwise. ■
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Brf.ck
When the resolutions of annexation were under
discussion, I referred to this subject, and inquired
of the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, what he intended doing with the debt of
Texas? He replied, " We intend having nothing
tio do with it." He was an honest man, from
| South Carolina, and meant what he said; and
were he here to-day, I am satisfied he would not
consent to sit here legislating to pay tfie debt of
Texas, while his party, from the earliest period,
has cried out with such holy horror against assum-
ing the debts of any State. He had too much
respect for consistency to change so often.
Why, sir, so careful were the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, over which the gentleman to
whom I allude [Mr. Rhett] presided, that they
inserted a clause in the resolutions of annexation,
declaring that, " in no event were saitl debts and lia-
bilities to become a charge upon the Government of
the United States." 'ltiis was expressed in the
very resolutions which annexed Texas. Her
creditors heard it. They knew if it were annexed
they must depend on Texus—not on Ohio, or any
other State, for their pay. Thus was the faith of
Congress pledged by the whole Democratic party
to the people of the free States that in no event
should said debt become a charge upon the labor-
ing freemen of the North. And, sir, if we now
repeal this clause in favor of exempting the people
of the old States from the charge of this debt, I
say repeal the whole of the resolutions, and let
Texas go back to her independence, and pay her
own debt. The bill of 1850, this bill, and every
attempt to involve my constituents in the payment
of tins debt, is a violation of plighted faith. 1 meet
those attempts now as 1 did m 1850; I denounce
them; I repudiate them now, and ever shall, while
reason, and judgment, and conscience, perform
their functions.
Why, sir, Texas was admitted not merely with
the lights which the other States possessed, but
with the additional advantage of holding all the
vast teiritory within her State; while the other
States have surrendered their public lands to the
„ , , mt • _ ' j_.._  1 
 -  ,, Federal Government. This was done in order to
ixridgc] saya we absorbed her revenue arising {j enable her to pay her own debt; and if she were
from imnortations, thereby diminishing the means 1 a free State her lands would be worth more than
which 1'exas would have possessed had she re- j $100,000,000, besides paying her whole debt,
mained independent, while that revenue was ex- jl which she now asks the laboring freemen ot the
pressly pledged to pay a portion of these debts. North to pay for her.
Sir, suppose this were to every extent correct,did jj But, sir, the gentleman from Kentucky ^ [Mr,
these creditors object ? Not at all. Most of them
urged annexation, and the absorption of her leve-
nue3, and others opposed annexation from politi-
cal motives, saying that their interest would be
increased by it. Now, sir, if these revenues were,
in fact, pledged, and those to whom the pledge had
been given, stood by and encouraged the annex-
ation, or were even silent, could they by such
fraud render the people of Ohio morally holden
for their debts? I deny such'logic.
But what are the facts ? Why, sir, Texas was
harassed by her war, borne down by its expense,
absolutely incapable of sustaining anavv or army,
or of paying any portion of her deb's. Her bonds
were regarded in the market as absolutely worth-
, less. So far as human foresight could extend, her i
! war was to be perpetual; and while it continued, not i
I one dollar of her debt could be paid. Her popu- ;
lation could increase but slowly, and her ability j
to meet her engagements was constantly dimin-
ishing. Under these circumstances, known to
every reader of her history, her creditors well
knew that annexation would give her protection,
by our armies, and thereby leave her to improve
her condition and ability to pity her debts; and
their desire for annexation was founded on that
hope. I refer to these facts, written upon every
page of her contemporaneous history, in reply to
the intimation that the people of the United States
have received benefit by her revenues. Why, Mr.
Chairman, for every dollar of revenue collected in
Texas, we have paid at least one dollar and fifty
cents for the expense of collecting it. Yet gen-
tlemen stand up here and speolt of our benefits !
arising from the annexation. Why, what were
those benefits? We e-rpended $200,000,000 m
defending Texas; we sacrificed thirty thousand
lives of our own citizens and murdered fifty thou-
sand Mexicans; we devastated Mexico, corrupted
the morals of both nations, and introduced to this
Hall vices and crimes before unknown to our peo-
ple; and yet gentlemen speak of the benefits which
we have received by annexation.
Breckinridge] frai-ikly admits that the pledge of
her revenues does not constitute a very clear cause,
under the circumstances, for making the old States
pay this debt; and he therefore places his prin-
cipal stress upon the compromise act of 1850, and
says that the surrender of some fifty millions acres
of land to New Mexico, constituted a good con-
sideration for the $10,000,000 provided for in that
act. This 1 deny altogether, and will soon ex-
press my reasons for such denial. But suppose it
was so; suppose that bill was carried through this
body and the Senate without fraud or bribery;
suppose Texas really relinquished to New Mexico
all the lands stated by the gentleman, and that it
constituted agood consideration for the $10,000,000
provided for in that bill, I ask him, or any other
advocate of this measure, to point me to the con-
sideration on which this additional §3,500,000
contemplated in this bill is based? For what is
that to be given? If the compromise was_ just,
why not let it stand ? Why interfere with it?
But I would that the record of thqge compro-
mise acts of 1850, with the corrupt appliances
which produced their passage, could be erased
from the record of the past. 1 need not remind
gentlemen that the popular mind of the free States
has branded those compromises as infamous.
This act defining the boundaries of Texas, and
giving her $10,000,000 was the first in the series
of measures, known as the " compromise acts" of
that year; now held in almost universal detesta-
tion. Texas had by resolution, as early as 1832,
declared her territory to be bounded by the Rio
1 Grande from its mouth to its source, including
that part of New Mexico with Santa F€ its
capitol, which lies this sideof that river. A Mex-
ican custom-house lying thirty miles this side of
Santa Fe, at which our own citizens constantly
paid duties on goods taken to that city, and includ-
ing, also, the custom-house at Point'Isabel some
miles east of tbe'mouth of the Rio Grande, where
our citizens, and those of other nations, continued
to pay duties to the Mexican Government, until
