598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
it was taken possession of by General Taylor's
Army after ihe passage of the resolutions of annex-
ation. The territory of Texas had been definitely
established by General Almonte, a commissioner
appointed by Mexico for that purpose, long before
the revolution broke out.
The line separating that State from Tarnaulipas,
CuShH.'!?; and Chihuahua commenced in the sea
one-league from the coaS!; opposite the mouth of
the Aransas, and, following up that stream to
the confluence of the San Antonio, thence up the
latter stream to its source; thence westerly, to the
line of New Mexico. If she held any more terri-
tory, it was by conquest. Between Texas, as thus
bounded, and the Rio Grande, were some two
thousand square miles of territory, inhabited by
some thirty thousand people, not one of whom
ever acknowledged allegiance to Texas or her
laws.
It is true that Texas sent an army to Santa Fe
for the purpose of conquering it; but it is also true
that every man was killed or taken prisoner. She
also sent an army to Mier, who were mostly
disposed of in the same way; at least, all who
had the courage to fight, and the others escaped
by flight. This, then, was the only jurisdiction
which she ever exercised over this vast territory,
which the gentleman from Kei.tucky, and the
Congress of 1850, admitted was the property of
Texas. I
Why, sir, at the next session of Congress after
the annexation, Mr. Polk, our President, congrat-
ulated Congress and the country on the extraor- j
dinary gailantry of Colonel Donopban's army, ,
which had marched through the wilderness of
Santa Fe; and he declared that the " whole of !
New Mexico, including Santa Fe, its capitol, hat!
been conqueied by the gallantry of our country-
men." Why, sir, if the Texan claim were just,
he should have complimented the Army on con-
quering that part of Texas.
This very question, relating to the absurd pre-
tensions of Texas, defeated the treaty. The ven-
erable member from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,]
then in the Senate, placed this subject in such
obvious light before that body that they rejected
the treaty; and when the joint resolutions of an- .
.nexation came up in this body, no one dared to
make an assertion that Texas owned one foot of j
the v&st region subsequently claimed by her. And :
the language of the resolutions on this point was, ;
" that Congress doth consent that the territory I
properly included within and rightfully belonging to |
the Republic of Texas may be erected into a
State," &c. Here, sir, in this Hall, the friends
of annexation declared they would not recognize
the ridiculous pretensions of Texas to tins terri-
tory, but that Congress would retain the power to
determine the boundaries of Texas, according to
■truth and justice. Well, sir, this two thousand
square miles of territory, with its cities, villages,
plantations, and custom-houses, was conquered
by our Army after the annexation, and ail that
part of Tarnaulipas, Coahuila, and Chihuahua
lying this side of the Rio Grande, being a ter™"
tory larger than four such States as New Y°ric,
"was given to Texas, while that State withdiew
•her pretensions to what is now called New Mex-
ico, or rather to that part of it lying east of the
ilio Grande. . „
This withdrawal of the pretensions of Texas
is said to have constituted the consideration for
which we stipulated, in the act of 1850, to pay her
#10.000,000. Such was not the case. But by
promising to pay that $10,000,000 we repudiated
the pledge of 1846, by which it was stipulated that
" in no event should the liabilities and debts of
Texas become a charge upon this Government."
Sir, it was not generally pretended that we received
this territory as such consideration. Such inti-
mation may have been advanced, but 1 have no
recollection of such a hint. What, then, were the
reasons for assuming the payment of this sum of
|10,000,000? I would state the facts, but history
has already proclaimed them. - ...
Sir, a presidential election was to take place m
1852. Mr. Webster and Mr. Clay were compet-
itors for nomination by the Whig party. T.hey
had seen Mr. Van Buren rejected for his inde-
pendence, and Mr. Polk elected for his servility
to the slave power. The North had remained
quiet and unmoved under that state of facts. Not
more than two or three members of this boay hau
denounced this treason to northern rights. -I "ese
aspirants saw the candidates of the Democratic
party yield implicitly to southern dictation. Mr.
Clay was a slaveholder, and had been defeated in
1814, as he thought, for exhibiting too much in-
dependence. He, therefore, now went for all the
compromise measures. This placed Mr. Webster
somewhat in the back ground; but in his 7th of
March speech'he made a higher bid for the nomi-
nation than his rival, declaring that he not only
approved all these compromise measures, but waS
willing to go in favor of paying Virginia an in-
definite amount for the surrender of her north*
western territory to freedom sixty-three years
previously.
With these bids before them, the slave power
would have been very likely to acceptone had not
theDemocrats come promptly up to the lineof ser-
vility on which their'Whig rivals stood. But the
parties were nearly equally divided, and individ-
uals of each party refused to be sold and trans-
ferred to the perpetration of the outrage of pass-
ing this bill; and at this point a corrupt intrigue
began gradually to unfold itself. Texas bonds
had become worth, I think, about seventeen dol-
lars on the hundred, by annexation. The pros-
pect of passing the ten million or compromise bill,
increased their value gradually up to about twen-
ty-seven dollars on the hundted, and if the bill
passed, the holders expected them to become
worth about seventy dollars on the hundred.
There were, perhaps, §12,000,000 " of outstand-
ing bonds. These bonds were offered in this
Hall, to members, at twenty-three dollars on the,
hundred; and heie gentlemen may understand
" I speak thatwhich [know." This proposal was
made with the assurance ihat a noie would be
received for the payment, to be made after the pas-
sage of the hill, and that the holders would then
receive the stock back at scrrnti; dollars on the
hundred, giving some §47,000 to the member,
for I presume no memlier was offered less than
§100,000 of bonds. 1 think I am precisely cor-
rect as to the prices of stock. I know I am sub-
stantially so.
I lere, sir, in this Hall, before we were called to
order in the morning, gentlemen of professed
honor and respectable standing, held forth their
ha nds grasping Texan bonds, saying to us, " Gen-
tlemen, we would not bribe any one, but we want
to employ agents to carry this bill through the
House." Corruption stalked here unrebuked,
and rumor was more false than usual, if men of
higher ollicial dignity than ourselves wi-re dish iter-
esieil spectators of what was going on. To aid this
policy, Texas assumed the braggart, threatened
to march an army to New Mexico and drive out
the United States troops holding possession of that
Territory. This was sufficient; the cry that the
"Union was in danger, was at once raised."
Letters were writteg and sent North, saying that
"the Union was in danger;" that Texas was about
to make war on the United States; that the Union
would be split into oven wood.
I have no language to express my contempt of
that most potent, knock-down argument by which
the South have so long made northern dough-faces
tremble and turn pale. Thank God, 1 think that
argument has become exhausted. I trust the late
demonstrations at the North will soon extinguish
the whole race of dough-fares. Let them disap-
pear fiom the earth; they are, at best, an unvirile
class of beings, incapable of perpetuating their
race. Why, sir, at that very moment Texas was
calling on our Government to protect them from
the miserable savages hanging upon her frontier.
Yet members in this Hallrolled up the whites of
their eyes in holy horror at the terrible thought
that Texas would dissolve the Union before she
bad fairly got into it. Thus the poltroonery of the
North was appealed to m order to carry that bill,
which, in my opinion, was attended with more
corruption than any other that ever passed this
body. I have no time to tell of the failure of the
bill, the rallying of its friends, the reconsideration,
the votes of northern members on all collateral
questions, the second failure, the motion to recon-
sider the vote rejecting the bill a second time, the
overruling of that motion by the Speaker, accord-
ing to parliamentary law, the second rally of the
stock jobbers, the overruling the Speaker's decis-
ion on an appeal, the higher bids for votes, and
the final passage of the bill, not merely in disre-
gard of the Constitution, in contempt of justice
and the rights of the free States, but by trampling
down all parliamentary laws and rules of this
body.
Then, sir, there was rejoicing in the Bar-rooms
and grog-shops of the city. Stock-jobbers were
liberal with their wine; bonfires blazed, and the
song, the shout, and sound of drunken revelry
echoed through the city. In the midst of their
excitement, a party of those more interested called
at the door of a high dignitary of Government,
SJld demanded a speech from its occupant. Obe-
dient to the call, iie came forth reeling under the
fumes of wine, and commenced his address by
saying, " Now is the winter of our discontent
made glorious summer," &c. These are all
masters of history; they should not be forgotten.
While we are called on hereto carry out, approve,
or in any manner uphold this ten million bill, by
which the people of the free States have been swin-
dled out of that amount; and if the bill before us
passes, the amount will be swelled to §13,500,000.
Of that sum the people of Ohio will pay at least
§1,300,000, for we pay at least one tenth part of
all our revenues. This addition to the debt of
our own State, will render our burdens uncom-
fortable. Our people will pay this §1,300,000 as
really as if it were collected by direct taxation.
Every man who buys a pound of sugar, or a yard
of cloth, pays a portion of this debt of Texas'.
This burden must rest on our laboring men;
those who toil, who gather from the earth their
living and wealth. In their name, and on their
behalf, I protest against this wrong; I denounce it.
I would not for one moment lend effect or support
to one of those compromise laws of 1850. They
are all of them infamous, corrupt, and unconsti-
tutional; but this ten million bill was the worst
of all.
Sir, by what constitutional authority are the
people of Ohio made to pay the revolutionary debt
of Texas? Can any man point to such authority
in the Constitution? Can any angel from Heaven
point us to it? No, sir; it does not exist. Why,
then, are we involved in this debt of Texas?
Why made to pay the debt of these foreigners,
and permit our own to remain unpaid? By what
rightful power is this §1,350,000 taken from our
pockets, and handed over to the jobbers in Texas
stocks? Why, sir, it was done to aid Mr. Clay
and Mr. Webster in obtaining the presidency; to
obtain the favor of the slave power in order to get
the nomination for that office.
Now, t-ir, I would repeal this law of 1850 at
once, as we repealed the Missouri prohibition last
year. I would lend that law no respect whatever.
The time, I trust, is near at hand when all those
compromise acts will be repudiated by Congress,
and blotted from our statute-books.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr! Breckin-
ridge] thinks Texas will not accept the bill, if
amended as proposed by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jones.] 1 understand that amend-
ment to be merely giving the creditors the amount
provided in the lav/ of 1850, and interest thereon.
As already observed, I would do nothing to sanc-
tion the law of 1850; but, in order to make the-bill
as unobjectionable as we can, I shall vote for that
amendment, and 1 shall then vote against the bill.
I have no lears that Texas will refuse it. I wish
she would. A reform Congress will meet here in
December next, and if Texas refuses this provis-
ion, I trust Congress will then possess the man-
hood to repeal the compromise act of 1850, and
leave Texas to pay herown debt, and relieve Ohio
from the payment of the §850,000.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Breckin-
ridge] asked the gentleman from Texas [Mr.
Smyth] if he thought his State would accept this
sum of §6,000,000, instead of §8,000,000; and
the gentleman from Texas said he did not think
she would. Now, I differ from him on that
point, arid call the country to witness what I say.
Texas trill accept it, if cut down to §6,000,000,
or to §5,000,000, or §1,000,000. She will take,
most gladly take, just what we please to give her.
Gentlemen need feel no uneasiness about the
Union. I will enter into bonds, and give good
security, to keep the Union together for fifty dol-
lars per year, even if we let Texas pay her own
debt.
Sir, we refuse to pay the holders of our Conti-
nental money. Those^who furnished our troops
with provisions, who served in our armies during
that memorable struggle to obtain our own inde-
pendence, were paid in our promises, which, for
