600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
they are entitled to be paid by the Government of
the United States. But there is another class of
creditors who may come to Congress hereafter
and ask to be paid—those whose debts were not
in terms secured by a pledge of the revenues. But
their debts were against Texas, and against the
good faith of Texas; and all her property, means,
and resources, all her, revenues, were really and
■ truly justly pledged and liable to the payment of
these debts, subject, it may be, to the prior lien of
the pledge holding creditors. Sir, if we acknowl-
edge our liability to pay the present claimants this
amount, the other creditors will hereafter come in
and demand payment of their debts, for they are
not held by the terms of this law to execute any
release, or give tip any claims which they may
have against Texas or the United States. And
that will be the fourth act.
Now, are we bound in equity and good faith to
the creditors of Texas, or to Texas herself, to
pay more than we agreed to pay in 1850 ? I do
not think we are. That amount, including inter-
est and the premium on the bonds, in all about
six and a half millions, I am prepared to vote for;
and could I sec any good reason for it, I would
gladly vote for the sum provided in the bill, for I
am exceedingly anxious to have this vexed and
troublesome question removed from these Halls;
and 1 shall be glad to aid the creditors of Texas
in obtaining what is partly due to them. But
such reason, though I have sought for it diligently,
I have been unable to find. If Texas had, by the
action of the United States, been deprived of her
means and resources, so that she could not pay her
debts; or if her ability to pay had been materi-
ally and injuriously affected, her creditors might
demand, with much plausibility, payment of the
United States.
These creditors assert that the custom revenues
of Texas have been destroyed by the annexation;
but they do not show that the substantial ability
of Texas to pay has not been unmeasurably in-
creased by that act. We all know that it has
been, and that these claims appreciated in value
at once and largely.
Ely the transaction of 1850 the ability of Texas
to pay her creditors was not diminished, but greatly
increased. We took from her nothing of present
value to her, nothing which could have been made
available for her creditors, and paid $10,000,000.
Which was best for Texas and her creditors, the
disputed lands and the revenues which she would
have collected if she had remained an independent
State, deducting such portion of them as would
have been required for her annual expenses, or
this commutation, as I may term it, by which
$10,000,000 was placed in her hands, and which
she was bound to use in the same way and for the
same purposes that she would use the lands and
revenues? Clearly the §10,000,000 was better
for the creditors than these far away lands and
fugitive customs. The United States, then, has
done nothing, at any time, in any way, which
has, or could, by the remotest possibility, impair
the credit or ability of Texas, or prejudice the
condition of her creditors. On the other hand, she
has directly and largely improved their chances
and conditicyj; and because she has doneso, is not,
in my p#Or judgment, thereby and therefore
bound to make to them a gratuity of $2,000,000.
Show me that this Government has interfered
to the disadvantage of these creditors, and I will
acknowledge its obligation to make them whole.
Convince me that Texas is not bound to pay these
debts by reason of anything this Government has
donp, and that she is not as able to pay them as
she would have been but for us, and I will admit
our liability. But if she is liable and able,- and
the more able on account of the moneys we have
paid her, it is difficult to perceive what china there
is, in equity and justice, upon this Government,
for more than we have already agreed to pay.
,The creditors look to Texas; their claim is against
her, and not the United States. This Government
is not bound for the manner in which Texas ap-
propriates the moneys paid her. As she could
nave misappropriated the lands and revenues, so
she may the $5,000,000 she has already received.
It is enough for this Government that it has not,
on the whole, impaired the condition of Texas as
a debtor, or rendered less valuable and available the
claims of her creditors. For the neglects and bad
faith—if such there have been—of Texas,
and not the Unite# States, is responsible. This
bill assumes the contrary, and makes provision for
the payment—properly donation—of §2,000,000,
because Texas has not done what she ought to
have done. The creditors of Texas relied upon
her good faith, not'upon ours, and her failure can-
not be at our charge. That good faith we never
guarantied, expressly or by implication. The
creditors relied upon Texas for good faith in the
use of her means, and upon the United States
not to embarrass or diminish them to their dis-
advantage. Texas may have forgotten or denied
her obligation, but theunited States has not failed
to observe and keep that which she <wsunr!d.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I have listened with
great respect to the observations which have fallen
from the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gidcings,]
andthegentleman from Maine, [Mr. Washborm.]
Some of these observations appear to me to be
pertinent to the matter. As to others, to which
the gentleman from Ohio called attention, 1 have
answered them in the general remarks which 1
have made, and cannot, at this late hour, under-
take to recapitulate my argument.
I desire now to make a very brief reply to the
remarks which fell from the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jones,] and which appeared to me
to have had some impression on the committee,
in reference to striking out the sum of $8,500,000,
and inserting, in lieu thereof, thesum of $6,550,000,
being the amount in the Treasury, with the interest
and the premium, to be distributed pro rata among
the creditors, with the assent of Texas. A nd 1
desire to demonstrate, by a single statement, in
which I will have to repeat some things which 1
have said this morning—that the proposition of
the gentleman from Tennessee, if agreed to, would
be exactly equivalent to doing nothing at all, and
that, as heretofore, we will be liable for this stock,
and the interest which will have accumulated upon
it, because the distribution of this $6,550,000 P>'°
rata among the revenue creditors, would pioduce
exactly only fifty-five cents to the dollar. That
Texas will not accept. Why will she not accept?
Because, in the scale she has made of her debts,
she has solemnly recognized that she owes a por-
tion of those revenue creditors eighty-seven and a
half cents in the dollar, others seventy-seven,
others sixty-seven, and down to twenty-seven.
Therefore, when you ask her to consent that you
will pay with fifty-five cents in the dollar debts
which she has solemnly recognized as being worth
seventy-seven and eighty-seven cents in the dollar,
you ask her to do what she cannot, without a
violation of her pledge solemnly placed on record.
And I appeal to the gentlemen from Texas, both
of them, to say to the committee, in view of the
proposition, whether it is not perfectly certain
that Texas will not accept or assent to it?
Mr. SMYTH, of Texas. I can assure the
committee that if the amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] be adopted, Texas
will rcjeet the bill, and I will vote against it
here.
Several Mkmbers. Well, let her do so.
Mr. IIOUS TON. I should like to ask a single
question of the gentleman from Texas, if the
gentleman from Kentucky will permit me.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Certainly.
Mr. IIOUS TON. It is this: whether this bill,
as it stands, does not conflict ns much with the
scaling of the Texas debt by the Legislature of
that State as does the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Tenreasee5
Mr.BRECKINRIDGE. lean answerthat—no.
Mr.. HOUSTON. Let the gentleman from
Texas answer.
Mr. SMYTH. It would conflict with that
scaling, but not to the same extent as would the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Some of the debt has been recognized as worth
one hundred cents on the dollar.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that. But,
though Texas proposes to pay some of the claims
at the rate of dollar for dollar, does she not also
propose to pay some at much less than this pro
rata would be?
Mr. SMYTH. Certainly.
Mr. HOUSTON. Surely, then, there is a
conflict between this bill, as it stands, and the
Legislature of the State of Texas; and the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee will not
alter that state of things.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Admittedly, the con-
flict would exist, but not, by any means, to the
same extent. Texas recognizes one hundred cents
in the dollar for a small portion of the debtrand
recognizes eighty-seven cents in the dollar for
another portion. The $8,500,000 distributed pro t
rata, would produce about seventy-five cents in the.
dollar. Therefore,' there would be a small con-
flict, but we are assured that the State of Texas
is willing to accept the $8,500,000. Their Repre-
-sentatives tell us so. Bijt if we adopt the amend-
ment of thegentleman from Tennessee,and make
the amount $6,550,000, which would leave but
fifty-five cents in the dollar, of.course she will not
accept it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Tennessee 
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE, (interrupting.) I will -
go on and finish what I was going to say. I had
only undertaken to show that the proposition of
the gentleman from Tennessee, if adopted, would
result in no practical legislation, and would amount
to nothing. I am opposed to it, therefore, as I am
de.sirous of disposing of the subject, and as we are
^assured that Texas would not assent to this prop-
osition, and by the bill we are obliged to have her
assent. What follows? Why, this sfock ma-
tures. At its maturity the whole question is still
unsettled; but even suppose it to be settled; then you
have still to pay the precise amount provided for in
this bill. And remember, sir, that by that time
these revenue debts will have accumulated by in-
terest to some $14,000,000* and as the stock also
bears interest, the interest will run on both of them.
In view of these facts, and in view of the cer-
tainty that the State of Texas will withhold its
assent to the proposition of the gentleman from
Tennessee, this bill appears to me to be a fair
financial arrangement for the Congress of the
United States to make, having reference alone to
our own Treasury, without regard to Texas, and
without regard to the interest of the creditors. As
the bill stands now, without the am-endment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Tennessee, I con-
sider that its passage would be a good financial
measure, proper for the United States to take.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. General debate having
closed upon the bill, the question is on the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] to strike out $8,500,000, and insert .
$6,550,000.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I ask my friend from -
Tennessee to withdraw that amendment for the
present, till I offer the amendment reportedly the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. JONES. The Committee of Ways and
Means has proposed no amendment to this first
section, and the committee has a right to pass
upon my amendment first. I have no objection to
accede to the request of the gentleman; bat, with
the permission of the committee, I had rather pass,
it over until we vote upon the other amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands,
then, that the amendment is not withdrawn.
Mr. DI3NEY obtained the floor.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. If my colleague does
not wish to offer an amendment in opposition to *
that of the gentleman from Tennessee, I do.
Mr. DISNEY. I prefer to make my remarks .
now.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Ohio propose to amend the amendment of thegen-
tleman from Tennessee?
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to speak in opposition
to that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order, as a
speech has already been made in opposition.
Mr. DISNEY. I move, then, to amend so as
to reduce itje sum to $5,000,000. Under the five
minutes* rule, I cannot say all that I would like
to say in regard to this subject. The gentleman
from Kentucky has certainly made the best pre-
sentation of the wrong side of the case that I have
yet heard. I have not the time to make general
comments upon this bill. It is a bill which is
founued generally upon the principle, that the
Government of the United States is liable for the
payment of these claims of the crediRrs of Texas;
first, upon the pledge made by the State of Texas,
that the revenue resulting from duties upon im-
ports was not set aside by the terms of annex-
ation; and, secondly, that by the terms of the act
of 1850, Congress admitted the liability of the
United States to pay tbem-
Now, in my judgment, both of these points ar#
