1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
008
The SPEAKER pro tempore. One hundred
and fifty-'three.
Mr. ORR. Then I move that all further pro-
ceedings in the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAGE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I believe that it is
the wish of several gentlemen who desire some
disposition to be made of this measure, that we
. should not adjourn.
Mr. WALSH. I call the gentleman to order.
The question of adjournment is not a debatable
one.
The question was then taken on Mr. Sage's
motion; and it was agreed to.
And thereupon, at a quarter past five o'clock,
the House adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 7, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Commissioner
of Patents, transmitting the first part of his an-
nual report relating to arts and manufactures, and
also the second part of the same, relating to agri-
culture, together with illustrations to accompany
the same; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. CHASE. I present two petitions of citi-
zens of Ohio, praying that slavery or involuntary
servitude, except as a punishment for crime, may
be prohibited, by law, in the Territories of the
United States. I had the honor, at the last session,
to introduce a bill to effect this object. I ask now
only,-that these petitions may lie on the table, as
I intend to call up the bill whenever an opportunity
shall occur.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER, presented a petition of citizens
of Massachusetts, praying the repeal of the fugi-
tive slave law, the prohibition of slavery in the
national Territories, and the abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr.BRODHEAD presented the petition of Wil-
liam W. Martin, praying permission to change the
name of the steamboat Fanny Pern, which was
wrecked and rebuilt, to that of the Thomas H.
Stewart; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Also, the petition of Isabella Duffy, widow of
Charles Duffy, who was killed while employed
at the navy-yard at Philadelphia, praying the aid
of Government for her support; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the petition of Thomas Cahill, praying
remuneration for expenses incurred by him in
consequence of the death of his brother, Patrick
Cahill,.caused by injuries received while at work
in the navy-yard at Philadelphia; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the petition of Mary Portman, widow of
Henry Portman, who was killed while at work
in the navy-yard at Philadelphia, praying relief;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
eitizens of Iowa, praying the establishment of a
mail route from Eikader to Independence, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
* „ Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a peti-
tion of citizens of Wisconsin, praying that the
lands reserved by the United States in the act of
1846, granting land for improving the Fox and
Wisconsin rivers, may be exposed to sale; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Wiscon-
sin, instructing the Senators, and requesting the
Representatives of that State in Congress, to use
their exertions to prevent the renewal of the pat-
ents granted to Cyrus H. McCormick, Obed Hus-
sey, and Moore & Hascall, for improvements in
reaping machines; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
_ Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Wiscon-
sin, praying the establishment of a tri-weekly
mail from Fox Lake to Montello, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post*
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BROWN presented the following memo-
rials of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of New Mexico:
A memorial praying an appropriation for pay-
ing the militia of that Territory, called into ser-
vice by the acting Governor thereof, for the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities;
A memorial praying an appropriation for the
support of public schools in that Territory, in
lieu of the land granted for that purpose;
A memorial praying that the citizens of that
Territory may be indemnified for property carried
off by the Indians;
A memorial asking a loan of arms and ammu-
nition to the citizens of that Territory for their
defense against Indian incursions; and
A memorial praying the adoption of measures
for the protection of the people of that Territory
against Indian depredations.
The above memorials were referred to the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented resolutionsof
the General Assembly of Iowa, in favor of the
construction of bridges and dams across Cedar
and'Wabsipinicon rivers, and bridges across the
Iowa river; .which were referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Also, an additional document in relation to the
petition of William Rees; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the memorial of
William B. Wood, praying that a pension may
be allowed the widow of George W. F. Wood,
an officer of the Army, who died of yellow fever
while m the discharge of his duty, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration, on
the ground that the committee had reported a
general bill providing for applicants of this class,
and placing widows of the Army on the same
footing as those of the Navy.
The motion was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Margaret Williams
and Maria Wendell, only children of Jacob IT.
Wendell, for the half-pay due their father, a
revolutionary officer, under the resolution of Con-
gress of October 21, 1780, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the Committee on Commerce, to
whom was referred the petition of Isaac S. Smith,
praying remuneration for loss sustained in conse-
quence of the annullment of his contract for the
construction of a light-house on Horse-Shoe reef,
in the Niagara, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of John G.
Watmough,an officer in the war of 1813, praying
arrears and increase of pension, submitted an ;
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Eliza Gibbons, mother
of Thomas C. Gibbons, who died in the Navy of
the United States, for a pension or other com-
pensation, submitted an adverse report thereon;
•which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of George Middleton,
praying compensation for services in the war of
1812, submitted an adverse report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of N. Westcott
and others, praying that a pension may be granted
to Gabriel Denton, an officer in the war of 1812,
submitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same cofamittee, to whom
was referred the petition of* John Thompson,
praying compensation for his services as a seaman
in the late war with Great Britain, submitted an
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed. , m
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on .Naval
Affairs, to whom w|re referred the following bills
from the Houseof Representatives, reported them
back without amendment:
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of William A. Christian;
A bill for the relief of Sarah Morriss, only heir
of Robert Mitchell, deceased; and
A bill for the relief of Rebecca Winn, widow and
executrix of the last will and testament of Timothy
Winn, deceased, late a purser in the Navy of the
United States.
He also, from the Committee on Retrenchment,
to whom was referred the petition of William G.
Ridgely, chief clerk in the Bureau of Yards and
Docks, praying to be allowed arrears of salary,
asked to be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs; which was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa., from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Michael Hennessey, praying a pension on account
of disease contracted while in the military service,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committeeon the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the petition of Ltfrin
Blodget, praying an equitable hearing and adjust-
ment of his claims against the Smithsonian Insti-
tution for services rendered and expenses incurred,
asked to be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Claims; which was agreed to. • -
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom" was referred the petition of the
surviving officers of the United States frigate Con-
stitution, praying remuneration for their good con-
duct and gallantry in the capture of the Cyaneand
Levant, and for the reoapture of the Levant by the
British in a neutral port, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
to.
JOINT RESOLUTION REFERRED.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives for the relief of Joel Henry Dyer, was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
to provide for the building of a jail at the town of
Van Buren, in the State of Arkansas; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
He also asked and obtained the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to introduce a bill for the im-
provement of the Arkansas river; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. MALLORY asked and obtained the unan-
imous consent of the Senate, to introduce a bill to
improve the bar of the Appalachicola river; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to
continue the removal of the rocks at Hell Gate,
and Diamond reef, New York harbor; and a bill
for the repair and improvement of the piers at the
mouth of the Genesee river, New York; which
were read twice by their titles, and on the motion
of Mr. Seward, were placed on the Calendar, in
connection with the other bills on the same general
subject.
Mr. BELL asked and obtained the unanimous
consent of the Senate to introduce a bill making
an appropriation to continue the improvement of
the navigation of the Tennessee river; which was
read twice by its title. Fie gave notice that he
should ask for its consideration when the other
improvement bills should be taken up.
Mr. SUMNER asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill for
continuing certain public works in the State of
Massachusetts; which was read twice and placed
on the Calendar, in connection with the other
internal improvement bills.
JOHN G. I.AVB.
Mr. WADE. The'Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the joint resolution for the
relief of John G. Laub, a clerk in the office of the
First Comptroller of the Treasury, have directed
