604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
. v- *
February 7S
me to report it back without amendment, and
recommend its passage. In consequence of a
clerical error, hi.3 salary do^ not reach back to
the time when his services commenced. So we
are informed by the First Comptroller. I ask for
the present consideration of the bill, as it is a small
matter to which there can be no objection.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution. It proposes that the increase in
the salary of John G. Laub, authorized by the
act of September 30, 1850, shall commence on the
first of July, 1849, the date of the commencement
of his additional services; but he is not to be paid
an amount exceeding $333 33.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read a third time, and passed.
CATHERSNE DICKERSON.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa.- I ask the Senate to take
up the lull reported by the Committee on Pensions,
for the relief of Mrs. Catherine Dickerson. She
is an old lady of ninety years of age. The bill has
been on the table for nearly a year, and I believe
it is one to which there can be no objection.
It proposes todirect the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Catherine Dickerson, widow
of John Dickerson, late a pensioner of the United
States, on the pension roll, under the provisions
of the act of July 7, 1838, and to pay to her the
amount to which she would have been entitled
under that act, from the 4th of March, 1836, to the
commencement of the pension she now receives.
John Dickerson was a soldier in our revolu-
tionary struggle, and was honorably discharged.
He served four years from 1775, ami was engaged
in the battles of Brandywine, Germantown, Mon-
mouth, and Stony Point. He was pensioned m
1829, at ninety six dollars per annum, and re-
ceived the pension to the date of his death, in 1833.
The act of June 7,1832, provides that each of the
surviving soldiers of the war of the Revolution, who
served a term of two years or more, be authorized
to receive the amount of his full pay during life.
The act of July 7, 183G, provides that " if any
person who served in- the revolutionary war in
the manner specified in the act of June 7, 1832,
have died, leaving a widow whose marriage took
place after the expiration of his service, and be-
fore 1794, such widow shall be entitled to receive,
for the term of five years, the pension to which
her husband would have been entitled in virtue of
said act," to commence on the 4ih March, 1836.
Mrs. Dickerson was married prior to 1791, and
therefore entitled to the benefit of the act of 1836.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
TASSAMAQUODDY CUSTOM OFFICERS.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives "to refund to the officers
of the customs, and others of the district of Passa-
maquoddy, certain moneys," have directed me
to report it back without amendment. I am-also
authorized by the committee,,to ask for the imme-
diate "passage of the bill. 1 assure the Senate it
will consume no time, and there can be no two
opinions about its provisions.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the bill.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treasury
to allow to the late officers of the customs of Pas-
samaquoddy, and the informers in the case, their
proportion of the net proceeds of the sale arising
from the condemnation of the schooners L'Etang
and Josephine, and the bark Phccnix, for a viola-
tion of the revenue laws.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 can state to the Senate in a
very few words what are the facts of this case.
Certain vessels were seized for a violation of the
revenue laws, were libelled and sold, and the clerk
of the district court, by mistake, paid all the
money into the Treasury of the United States.
By existing laws a certain portion was due to the
informers,"and this bill is to pay them what the
i clerk of the court ought to have paid to them, and
not to the Treasury. '
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
ELIJAH WHITE. *
Mr. PETT1T. The Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred House bill
confirming a land claim to Elijah White, of the
Territory of Washington, have had the same
under consideration, and direct me to report it
back with a recommendation that it pass. I have
two bills of the same character for the benefit of
individuals in that Territory. As it has no imme-
diate representative in this body, I shall ask' the
Senate to consider the bills now. I take it there
can be no objection to them.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. Its object is to provide that the claim of Dr.
Elijah White to six hundred and forty ~acres of
land on Baker's bay, near Cape Disappointment,
shall not suffer prejudice by reason of his absence
from.his settlement, as set forth in his petition;
and if the claim be in other respects within the
provisions of the act of September 27, 1850, it
is to be confirmed to him by the-surveyor general;
but the bill is not to interfere with any reservation
that, may be needed by the United States for a
light-house, or any public uses, nor to the preju-
dice of any adverse right, if such exist.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
GEORGE BOSH.
Mr. PETTIT. Th'e same committee, to whom
was referred House bill for the relief of George
Bush, of Thurston county, Washington Terri-
tory, have directed me to report it back without
amendment. This bill is of the same character
as the other, and I ask that it may now be put on
its passage. It is a very meritorious case.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
confirm the claim of George Bush, to six hundred
and forty acresofland, in virtueof his early settle-
ment, and continued residence and cultivation.
An act passed September 37, 1850, provided for
n grant of three hundred and twenty nctes to every
American citizen on condition of occupying it for
four years, and the same amount to hin wife. In
1845, George Bush, a free mulatto, with bis wife
and children, emigrated to, and settled, in Thurs-
ton county, then in Oregon, but now in Washing-
ton Territory, and settled upon, and hid claim to
six hundred andforty acresofland. IJ e con-
tinuously occupied the land and cultivated it, He
has put upon it a valuable farm-house and other
improvements, and he now has the tract in a high
stale of cultivation. Bush having been excluded
from the benefits of the law granting donations of
land m the Territories, the Territorial Legislature,
on the27thof February,1854,adopteda memorial
to Congress, asking that Ins case should be made
an exception to the general rule,'and that an act be
passed giving to Bush and his wife title to the sec-
tion of land so occupied and cultivated by them.
'i'he bill was reported to the Seriate without
am«ndment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
NANCY WEATHERFORD.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The Committee on
Pensions, to whom Was referred the petition of
Mrs. Nancy Weatherford, have instructed me to
report a bill " for the relief of Mrs. Nancy
Weatherford, widow of Colonel William Weath-
erford, of the first regiment of Illinois volunteers
in the Mexican war."
The bill was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask t'ne consent of the Sen-
ate to take up that bill now. The facts of the case
are familiar to me. I know of no man for whosf
memory I have a more sacred regard and affection
than for that of Colonel Weatherford, who died
in consequence of his services for the country. I
hope there will be no objection to considering the
bill now.
By unanimous consent the bill was read a
second time and considered, as m Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Catharine
Weatherford upon the pension roll, and to pay
her thirty dollars per month from the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1855, so long as she shall remain a widow.
The bill was Reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
NAME OF A SCHOONER.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Committee on Com-
merce have had under consideration the, petition
of Ebenezer Clark, of Jackson county., Missis-
sippi, praying that his schooner may have her
name changed from the unfortunate name of
Henry Plantagenet to the more fortunate one of
A. G. Brown. [Laughter.] The committee have
directed me to report a bill in.accordance with the
request of the petitipner.
The bill was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the bill will be put oil
its passage. [" No objection."]
The bill was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. No amendment
being proposed, it was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read a third time, and passed.
CIRCUIT COURT IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. TOUCEY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill to establish a
circuit court of the United States in and forthe
State of California. I hope it will be taken up
and passed without debate.
Mr. PRATT. The hour for taking up the un-
finished business of yesterday is about to arrive.
I have no objection to take up this bill with the
understanding that if it shall lead to debate it will
be laid aside at one o'clock.
Mr. TOUCEY. I presume it ttill be passed
before that time.
Mr. PRATT. But if it be otherwise, I must
ask the Senate to take up the unfinished busi-
ness.
The PRESIDENT. The motion of the Senator
from Connecticut is first in order.
Mr. PRATT. If that is to be pressed without
any understanding on the point to which I have
referred, I shall ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I understand that that
bill will take but a moment or two.
Mr. PRATT. I have proposed to the honor-
able Senator to conscnt to take up the bill if it
leads to no debate; but I ask him,.if debate^nsues
upon it, to consent to lay it aside when the hour
arrives for the consideration of the unfinished
business of yesterday.
Mr. CHASE. It can be postponed by a mo-
tion.
Mr. PRATT. Very well; I have no objection.
The motion of Mr. Tottoet was agreed to, and
the Senate resumed, as in Committee of the Whole,
the consideration of the bill, the question pending
being on the motion of Mr. Weller to fill the
blank in the seventh section, in relation to the
salary of the proposed circuit court judge, by
inserting $6,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, this bill
was laid over yesterday in consequence of some
suggestions from myself. I have since examined
it, and I cannot consent to give it my vote, and
I think the majority of the Senate will be indis-
posed so to do. I am perfectly willing that any
provision be made for the necessities of California
which does not comprehend an innovation upon
the present judicial system of the United States;
but, sir, the proposition in this bill is to create a
special circuit court for California; or, in other
words, to adopt piecemeal that principle which
was the subject of such long and animated dif cus-
sion in the Senate when the general judiciary bill,
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary,
was recently before ns.
It is known that a large number of Senators on
this floor are entirely opposed to the introduction
of any system by which circuit courts shall be
established to perform circuit duties, and to enter-
tain circuit court jurisdiction, to the relief of the
Judges of the'Supreme Courtof theUriited States,
so as eventually to constitute the Supreme Court '
a local court, isolated in Washington, and kept
separate from circuit duties. There is that object
tion to this bill; and I cannot but consider it as
an attempt gradually to introduce a system, and
indirectly to accomplish an object, which the
members of the Judiciary Committee who re-
ported the bill, have been unable to carry through
by direct legislation.
It is perfectly obvious, Mr. President, I think
if any Senator will reflect on the subject, that if
this bill be passed, one of two consequences must
follow. We shall either have to extend these
circuit courts, established according to the princi-
ple upon which this bill is framed, to other and
