606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
inquiry upon that subject, Mr. President, is this:
that if we were now to provide for anotherSupreme
Court Judge to perform circuit duty in California,
it would be nothing more nor less than to make a
Supreme Court Judge to reside in Washington,
and who could notgo to California. I am informed.
bo by the Judges themselves. The fact is, that the
Supieme Courtis becoming gradually an appellate
tribunal exclusively, and if you were to make an-
other Supreme Court Judge for California, the
amount of it would be that he would either have
to stay there to do circuit duty, if he would per-
form the duties which the litigation of the country
demands, or he would have toresideat Washing-
ton and be a Supreme Court Judge alone, and not
go to California at all, or he would be traveling
all the year, doing duty at neither. That is about
the proposition.
I have no doubt of the competency of Congress
to establish such inferior courts, in contradistinc-
tion to the Supreme Court, as Congress thinks
proper. I do not think this is so anomalous. 1
think this will be a circuit judge for California,
with a jurisdiction to be sure, marked out by the
bill, but for the performance of duties which the
local and peculiar situation of that portion of the
country Imperatively demands. You cannot,
without a denial of justice, it seems to me, refuse
to give it some judge, who will undertake to
cleanse out the Augean stable of litigation there.
Mr. BADGER. That is complimentary to
California. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER. 1 did not know that my friends
were so critical. I only used the term to illustrate
the great amount of labor which must be per-
formed. I qualify it in that way.
As regards the salary, the bill came from the
committee originally with the amount of $4,500,
nndtlfat was decidedly the amount which I pre-
ferred. it is my opinion still, that that is suffi-
cient; not but that I think the California judge
mi<;ht require more than other judges, but my ob-
jection to it was, that it was a gradation of the
judiciary in favor of the circuit judge, and an in-
vidious discrimination against the Supreme.Tudges,
who receive only ^4,500. I should prefer that
amount for the present, with the belief that all
the salaries will be raised hereafter, and that this
may be raised with the rest. We must give a
judge to California. We cannot give a Supreme
Court Judge; because if you make a Supreme
Court Judge, you will deny him the very jurisdic-
tion which he ought to fulfill in the dispatch of
litigation.
Mr. BENJAMIN. May I ask the Senator a
question before he takes his seat ?
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What is the objection to
having an additional district court clothed with
circuit"court jurisdiction, just in the same manner
as district courts have already been organized in
other planes? What is the objection to that? for
neither of the gentlemen who have spoken have
suggested it.
Mr. BUTLER. I suppose the only objection
would be, that there is a mode of getting cases
up to the supreme court, requiring the interven-
tion of the circuit court jurisdiction.
Mr. BENJAMIN. So far as the experience
of the other frontier States is concerned, there
never has been the slightest difficulty m the ad-
ministration of public justice by giving to the
district courts circuit court jurisdiction. That was
the case in Texas, Louisiana, and m all the
western States, and I can see no reason whatever
for making a change m California.
Mr. BUTLER. I Will answer the Senator from
Louisiana, who has looked at this subject very
particularly. I have no doubt that you may in-
vest this judge with district duties in addition to
the circuit duties contained in this bill. If you
adopt sne.h a provision as that, I will accept it.
Mr. GWIN. The reason why we cannot have
another district court, I will say to the Senator
from Louisiana, is, that our business all concen-
trates in San Francisco, and unless you were to
divide that city we could not have the additional
court, and the additional judge would have no
business at all. ,, , ..
Mr BENJAMIN. We cm add anotner die-
trict iudge"to that court, and allow either judge to
hold the court. , v .
Mr. GWIN. We have never nad two uistact
judges on one district court bench.
Mr. WELLER. My friend from Louisiana
will discover that a great many cases which might
otherwise be taken, by appeal, to the Supreme
Court, would be arrested by not having a circuit
court.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It never was so in Texas,
in Louisiana, in Wisconsin, or in Iowa. There
was never any trouble in appealing to the Supreme
Court of the United States in those States. We
had, for a long series of years, no circuit court in
Louisiana, but Congress invested our district
court with circuit court powers; and in all the
cases of appeal that came before it, an appeal was
allowed directly to the Supreme Court of the
United States. Once or twice, perhaps, in a long
series of years, we had a Supreme Court Judge
to hold a circuit court for a very few appellate
cases—very few indeed.
Mr. WELLER. Does not the Senator dis-
cover that even in criminal cases no writ of error
can be taken from a district court to the Supreme
Court of the United States? If we have no circuit
court, the decision of the district judges in those
cases is final.
Mr. DOUGLAS. X regret that the Committee
on the Judiciary have put this bill in a shape that
I cannot vote for it, for I recognize and acknowl-
edge the necessity of doing something to relieve
the judicial docket in California. If they had
made any addition to the bench either of the
supreme court or of the inferior courts, consistent
with the existing system, 1 should have taken
great pleasure in voting for it; but they have
adopted an anomalous system, one which is not
in harmony with the existing system m the United
States. If they had chosen to add an-additioual
judge to the Supreme Court bench of the United
States, with circuit court jurisdiction, I would
have voted for that; if they had proposed to create
an additional district in California, with district
court jurisdiction, and also circuit court jurisdic-
tion, 1 wouki have voted for that, for that would
have been in harmony with the present system.
The immediate jurisdiction of your judge would
be precis:iy the same if you appoint him as a
district judge of the United States, as it is in Texas,
Iowa, Wisconsin, and as in early times it was in
Kentucky, and other States. If, in addition to his
district jurisdiction, he was to exercise the duties
of a circuit judge, then the jurisdiction would be
precisely the same as it now is proposed to be,
and it would have been in harmony with the exist-
ing system.
But, sir, the objection to the present proposi-
tion is this: It is creating a circuit judge in Cali-
fornia, which is different from any other State in
the Union. We all know that the moment this is
passed a similar bill will be asked for Texas, which
is left, also, with an enormous amount of busi-
ness, and with the district judge, having circuit,
as well as district, court jurisdiction; and yet with-
out any circuit court. The same would be asked
for the States of Iowa and Wisconsin; and with
Arkansas, although, by law, I believe, in the latter
State a Supieme Court judge is authorized to go
there. What -would be the consequence? You
would have the judicial system in one portion of
the Union different from that in another portion.
The grade of the officer would be different, and
you would have an incongruous, irreconcilable
system, operating differently m different parts of
the Union. We know what it will lead to. If
you put one circuit judge upon the bench m Cali-
fornia, and another in Texas, and another in
Arkansas, and another in the Northwest, for Iowa
and Wisconsin, then the next proposition would
be to release the other Supreme Court judges from
the performance of circuit court duties, and to
supply cucuit judges to perform those duties. If
that is the right plan to adopt, why not march up
and do that directly which is attempted to be done
indirectly? I understand it to be an attempt to
clo indirectly what the Senate has resolved they
would not do directly. I like that direct mode of
business which, if it changes the whole judicial
system of the United States, shall avow the ob-
ject; and the bill shall purport on its face to accom-
plish that which will be its effect m a certain time
througli a circuitous and indirect course. That i,j
my objection to the bill. It wiil accomplish that
object by indirection which we have retusedto do
directly. I know that the Committee on the Ju-
diciary may not have so intended; but still we
cannot close our eyes to the fact that it is an
anomalous system; that it is-an unequal system;
that it is an incongruous system, making one sec-
tion different from another. It cannot be perma-
nent, but must lead to a radical change.
Let us, then, meet the difficulty boldly, and
plainly, and decide whether we are prepared, first,
to release the Judges of the Supreme Court from
the performance of duties on the circuit. If we
are, {hen we should require ten or eleven new-
circuit judges at once, as was proposed by the
J udiciary Committee.
If we are not prepared to release them from cir-
cuit duty, it is a conclusive reason why we should
not put circuit court judges in one part cf the
Union, when we do not intend to put them in
another. Before we proceed to the adoption of
this anomalous system, we must decide what is
to be the general plan. If the Judiciary Com-
mittee will modify their bill, so as to create an
additional district judge, with district and circuit
court jurisdiction, it will be in harmony with the
present system, and accomplish all the objects
which the present bill will accomplish. If it is
not intended to%e the entering wedge to a change
in the whole judicial system of the country, there
can be no objection to changing this from a cir-
cuit judge to a district judge. If it is to be the
entering wedge, to be followed by agradual under-
mining of the system which has existed for fifty
years, and which cannot be overthrown by direct
means, I am utterly opposed to it. Presuming
that it only means what the bill purports, simply
to release the courts in California from the im-
mense business which is thrown upon them, I pro-
pose to strike out the word "circuit," and insert
the word " district," so as to make an additional
district court, with circuit court jurisdiction.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, it is apparent
that this bill will be further discussed, and I think
it is also apparent that it may be properly and
beneficially amended. I can see no reason at
present why my honorable friends from California
should not be satisfied with the proposition to
change the bill so as to have the two district
judges performing circuit court duties in Califor-
nia. I hope the subject will now be postponed
until to-morrow, to enahle the Senator from Illi-
nois, or the Senator from Louisiana to prepare a
suitabls bill to carry out their views. I move,
therefore, that its further consideration be post-
poned until to-morrow, in order that we may take
up the unfinished business of y'esterday.
Mr. BUTLER. I will say to the Senator from
Illinois that this bill did not originate with me. I
may regard myself as in some measure the author
of the general system of separating the judges of
the Supreme bench from circuit duties, and pro-
viding, as 1 did, in the general bill, for circuit
judges; but I am not the father of this bill.
Mr. TOUCEY. If the proposition to postpone
prevails it will be the defeat of the measure, be-
cause it cannot go before the House so as to be
acted upon on the day assigned for the disposition
of judicial business.
Mr. CASS. They can take it up at any time, if
it is necessary.
Mr. TOUCEY. I speak of the effect of it
practically. The bill must inevitably be defeated
unless it is passed here to-day. Now, sir, this is
only a temporary measure. It is at all times under
the control of Congress. Whenever Congress
shall act upon a bill, reorganizing the judiciary of
the United States, they can repeal this law. It is
a law of necessity—to make provision for the
wants of California at this time; and it does not
interfere with the general system that now exists
m the country. It does not make the system
anomalous. The system is now irregular and
| anomalous. There are large portions of the
I country where now the system of circuit courts is
| not extended, so that those portions of the Union
; have not the benefit of the labors of a Judge of
| the Supreme Court. Now, as to the appoint-
ment—.—
j Mr. PRATT. If the honorable Senator will
j permit me, I understood that if this bill was not
j finished atone o'clock, the unfinished business of
j yesterday would come up, and this bill be post-
1 poned, in ord r to enable us to proceed to its con-
i sideration. That was my understanding, perhaps
j erroneously.
Mr. TOUCEY. If the Senate is ready to vote
I will give way, or give way to other business.
Mr. WELLER. Let us vote.
