18-55.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
607
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Maryland withdraw his motion to postpone?
Mr. PRATT. I do, if we can have a vote upon
the bill.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on filling
the blank in the seventh section, as to the salary
of the judge, with ^6,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN called for the yeas and nays;
but they were not ordered.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WELLER. I now move to make it
§5,000.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PRATT. I move to fill it with §4,500.
•Mr. G WIN. I move to strike out that section
• entirely, and let the salary be fixed in a general
appropriation bill. We cannot get a man who is
fit for the post without giving an adequate salary.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator moves to
strike out the entire section. That motion takes
precedence.
The motion was not agreed to.
* Mr. BRODHEAD. I think we can agree upon
$5,000.
The PRESIDENT. That has been voted
down. The question is now on filling it with
$4,500.
The amandment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no furtherprop-
osition to amend, the bill will be reported to the
Senate.
Mr. PRATT. I suppose the question now is
on striking out "circuit," and inserting " dis-
trict."
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator make
that motion ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. That motion was made
by the Senator from Illinois; but it is evident that
if agreed to, the bill would require some further
preparation. I am perfectly willing to let the
bill pass now, if the majority of the Senate are
in favor of it. I will, therefore, move to strike
out some word in one section of the bill to test
'that question, and if it is the intention of the
Senate to create only a district judge with circuit
court powers, then the bill can Be modified.
Mr. WELLER. Very well; let us vote on
that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I then move, in the first
section of the bill where it provides that this
court shall be known as a circuit court of the
United States for the district of California, to
strike out the word " circuit," and make that a
test "vote.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not mean to continue
this debate; but as a member of the Committee on
the Judiciary, I may say that this bill was reported
in opposition to my opinions. I have not desired
to effect by indirection what could not be effected
directly; but the argument which I have heard
here has shaken those opinions, and ir.ust lead
me to believe that there is a necessity for this, al-
though I am opposed to patching up the judicial
system. The Senator from Illinois stated that the
effect of the bill is to introduce a system not in
harmony with the existing system—an incon-
gruous system. Sir, there is no harmony in the
existing system. There is no congruity in it. It
is incongruous, because a district court in one
quarter of the United States is clothed with cir-
cuit powers, without an appeal to a circuit court;
and as this is only to establish a circuit court judge
in one quarter of the Union, nnd not in the other,
one is no more incongruous than the other; and I
cannot see any possible benefit growing out of
altering the title of the court from the circuit to
the district court, if you confer substantially the
same power on the district court. In either case
you dispense with the attendance of the Supi erne
Court judge in that circuit; and whether you are
to give the entire power of the circuit court, as
■well as the district court, to the district judge, or
whether you are to have a district judge with
separate circuit duty, I think is very immaterial
so far as any congruity is concerned.
Mr. GW1N asked for the yeas and nays on
Mr. Benjamin's amendment; and they were or-
dered.
Mr. ADAMS. Before voting, I wish to state-
that I understand they have two district judges
in California. One of the great necefsities which
exists for this legislation arises from the^ fact
that one of the judges has visited New ork,
in place of attending to his business at home.
He was taken sick, and has been in New York
for a considerable length of time; and now Con-
gress is called upon to pass a law to supply the
deficiency caused by the failure of the judge to
attend to his duty. I cannot vote for it. Let him
resign, if he eannot go back and attend to his
business.
Mr. WELLER. I ought to say, in justice to
the district judge of the northern district of Cali-
fornia, that he came to New York some four
months ago, and since that has been in the hands
of a physician constantly. He is very anxious to
return to California, 1 have no doubt. He is pre-
vented from going there by sickness, and 1 saw
yesterday letters stating that, if he did go, it would
be at great risk. Now, Mr. President, there are
three hundred appeals from the land commission-
ers in the northern district of California. Itwould
take a single judge two years to dispose of those
appeal cases. I regard the proposition to strike
out "circuits" and insert "districts" as the
defeat of the bill. I do not know whether it is so
intended or not. Very probably the Senatorfrom
Illinois desires to defeat it, as he has intimated
that we are endeavoring to do, by indirection,
what we have not courage to do directly. I can
assure the Senator that I never do anything indi-
rectly—I never seek to get any system of legisla-
tion incorporated in the statute-book that I am
ashamed to avow directly. All that we want is a
court there. We want such a court as will enable
us to dispose of these land cases. 1 undertake to
tell that Senator that i can select a single case, on
appeal from the board of land commissioners, m
the district court, which involves a tar larger
amount of money than is involved m all ihecases
now pending in the Supreme Court of the United
States.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from California
seems to think that my object is to defeat the bill.
1 avowed distinctly that my object was to defeat
the establishment of a circuit court, in order to
establish, in lieu of it, a district court with circuit
court jurisdiction as well as district court juris-
diction; and that will accomplish all the objects of
the bill. If he has no other object than the trans-
action of the business in California, he can give no
earthly reason for objecting to the amendment, for
it proposes to give this new judge the same juris-
diction that the bill does as it stands.
Mr. WELLER. If he prefers calling him the
district judge, to the circuit judge, 1 have no ob-
1 jection.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is precisely the propo-
sition.
Mr. WELLER I ask the Senator whether
his mtenuon is to let him perform the duties which
are enjoined under that bill ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. We propose to allow him
to perform those duties; hence we want to know
why the necessity for giving the name of a cir-
cuit judge, when it is an anomaly in our system,
unless it is to create a precedent to accomplish
another object hereafter which the Senate are not
willing now to vote for. If they will change the
name, then they will divest the bill of the just
suspicion that it means more than appeals upon
its facc. I intend to say Pimply that, if the object
is to give the juusdiction, it is done under the
amendment as well as under the bill. Why,
then, charge that I wish to defeat the bill? I wish
to give the Senators as many judges as they ask.
1 wish to give them the same jurisdiction that
they a.sk for; I wish to give them all the facilities
in the performance of the business that they ask.
We ditfer only as to the title, and this title be-
comes important; for if you begin with the title
of circuit judge in California, my friend from Ar-
kansas will want the same grade in Arkansas;
and so it will be wanted in the other States
Mr. WELLER. Let me ask the Senator
whether it would- not be an anomaly in our sys-
tem to invest a district judge with the right to de-
cide cases on appeal? There would be an anom-
I aly, as the Senator is talking about anomalies.
I Mr DOUGLAS. You have given circuit court
I jurisdiction, as well as district court jurisdiction,
I in the State of Tcxss to the district judge, his
not necessary on appeal; you allow him to decide
the same cases.
Mr. WELLER. An appeal from himself?
Mr. TOUCEY. i desire to correct a misap-
prehension. The bill does not give to the circuit
judge any district powers whatever. It confers
upon the judge only the powers of the circuit
court, with one exception, and that is with re-
gard to land appeals. It allows the circuit judge
to sit with the district judge in the disposition of
those appeals. If the motion of the Senator from
Louisiana prevails here, it will be nothing but a
misnomer; it will not be a district court like any
other district court, but entirely different from it;
and, on the other hand, exactly likea circuit court.
If it were as he supposes, it would be to have two
district courts within the same jurisdiction.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then, according to the ex-
planation of the Senator from Connecticut, this
gives no relief as to the amount of original busi-
ness arising in California. It only gives the relief
as to the appeals. They wish to have appeals
now made from the district judge to the circuit
judge before the case comes to the Supreme
Court. Why insist on that iYi California any
more than m Wisconsin, or in Iowa, or in Ar-
kansas, or in Texas, where it heretofore has
been, and is now, the practice to allow appeals
from a district judge holding the circuit court di-
rectly to the Supreme Court without any separate
circuit judge? That is the case in four States of
this Union now. Why is it any more a hardship
to allow it to be bo in California than in those
States? Why does California wish to be ex-
cepted from the rule of justice which all admit is
just and satisfactory in the other States? This
thing of giving the district judge circuit court
jurisdiction is notnew. It originated as long ago
as the last century, in Kentucky, in Louisiana,
in Arkansas; and, in most of the new States, it
has been the case from the beginning of the Gov-
ernment to this time. What, then, can be the
objection to putting California, in regard to ap-
peals, on an equality with what has been the uni-
form rule m nearly every new State of this Union ?
I supposed the objection was not because she
required a superior order of court, but she required
a court that could perform her business.
By providing an additional district judge, with
circuit jurisdiction as well as district jurisdiction,
we shall relieve her to a greater extent than the
| bill now does, because do you not see that (hen
| the appeal may be taken directly from the district
court, or the circuit court, as the case may be, to
| the Supreme Court of the United States? There
| is no difficulty, then, if you would apply that
i rule in California which exists in Texas. The
amendment of the Senator from Louisiana is an
additional reiief. Then what is the argument in
favor of calling in a circuit judge? it is to lay
the foundation of another system of circuit judges
in the northwest and in the southwest, and then
to relieve the Supreme Court Judges from circuit
duties. This is to be the entering wedge to the
overthrow of the entire system. 1 do not charge
any such design, but every man'sees that it is the
inevitableeffectof the proposed legislation. When,
then, all the objects of the bill will be accomplished
by the amendment which is prepared by the Sen-
! ator from Louisiana, I cannot see why there
should be this pertinacity in adhering to the name
of circuit judge, instead of district judge.
Mr. PKARCE. The Senate does not seem
ji likely to take a vote upon this bill now. I there-
! fore move to postpone its further consideration
] | until to-morrnw.
|I Mr. ADAMS. In order to have a test vote
I! whether we shall legislate further on this subject,
ji I move that the bill lie upon the table; and upon
'! that motion 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. PRATT. I suppose the motion of my
colleague has precedence.
The PRESIDENT. The motion to lay upon
the table has precedence.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. If the Senator will withdraw his
motion, I want to make a statement,
i Mr. ADAMS. I withdraw it.
! Mr. RUSK. The State which I in part repre-
[ sent has been referred to once or twice, and, as we
! are destitute of the necessary legislation upon the
subject of the judicial authority of the United
| States, I feel it incumbent upon me to say a few
< words.
I We are badly off, to be sure, but not half as
i badly off as California. The jurisdiction which
the United States court exercises in California is,
from all I have learned, really an oppression upon
its citizens.
Mr. PEARCB. I do not wish-to interfere, with
