THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1855.
New Series No. 39.
Mr. TOUCEY. I hope there will be no more
debate in regard to the bill. I had supposed it
was understood that the question was to be taken.
If there is to be debate I certainly shall be bound
to give way to the unfinished business of yester-
day.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Maryland, to postpone
the further consideration of the bill until to-
morrow.,
Mr. G-WIN. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that, and let us have a vote at once on the
amendment by yeas and nays.
Mr. PEARCE. If the vote can be taken, I am
willing to withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDENT. The question, then, is on
the motion of the Senator from Louisiana, to
strike out "circuit."
Mr. BENJAMIN". 1 am bound to sny a few
words on the question, after the discussion which
has taken place on the other side.
Mr. PRATT. I understand now, that inas-
much as the Senator is disposed to debate the
question further, the Senator from California will
consent to let the bill go over until to-morrow.
Mr. WELLER. That was my agreement; I
abide by it.
Mr. PRATT. I make the motion that it be
postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE PATAPSCO RIVER.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill for the im-
provement of the navigation of the Patapsco river,
and to render the port of Baltimore accessible to
the war steamers of the United States.
Mr. PEARCE. When the Senate adjourned
yesterday, I had taken the floor to reply to a
question put by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Mason.] He asked whether there had been a
report and estimate upon this subject. I replied
that there had been a report made by an officer
of the engineer corps, and a detailed estimate sent
into us with the documents accompanying the
President's message at the beginning of the last
session. I do not propose to read the report of
Captain Brewerton, but to state very briefly its
contents.
The city of Baltimore is situated about fifteen
miles from the mouth of the Patapsco river; Fort
Carroll is nearly half way between the city and
the mouth of the river. Between the mouth of
the river and Port Carroll there are places where
there is only from sixteen to eighteen feet of water
at mean low tide, though the general depth of the
water is greater. Above that, the shoals of the
river, at ordinary mean low tide, are about eigh-
teen feet, and between those shoals the water is of
considerable depth. These obstructions prevent
the access of vessels of large draught, such as are
now preferred in the commercial marine of the
country, as my colleague showed to the Senate in
his report. The officer of engineers in charge of
this subject has reported that these obstructions
may be cut down to a sufficient depth, and that a
continuous channel may be made adequate to the
floating of vessels of a large draught of water-
even of the largest steam-frigates; and that there
will be no necessity for a renewal of the appto-
priation when once the improvement has been
effected.
In order to ascertain whether the bed of the
river was liable to changes from shifting sands, or
accumulating bars, a comparison was made be-
tween the survey of Brantz, and map of Lucas,
made in 1819, and the chart recently published by
the Coast Survey, from which it appeared that
little or no change in the river bottom had occurred
in more than a quarter of a century, which pretty
clearly indicates that there are no disturbing causes
to modify materially the depth of the Patapsco
waters in a considerable series of years.
This is inferred with more certainty from the
topography of the neighboring lands, and the ob-
servations of the coast survey, showing a very
39
little tidal variation—only about one foot between
mean low and mean high water.
There is, indeed, some wash from the streets of
the city, and some deposit from Jones's falls, a
small stream flowing into the iraier harbor. Bat
then this deposit and wash find their place, in that
harbor, and from it they are annually removed by
the dredging machines belonging to the corporation
of the city, and worked at its expense. The city
of Baltimore and the State of Maryland have ex-
erted themselves to clear the inner harbor, and to
deepen the channel of the river.
The city council in the year 1852,1 think, grant-
ed $50,000 to be raised for this purpose by taxation
in three years; and the State grants the auction
duties for the same purpose. These amounted
last year to about $18,000, so that the city and
State appropriations will be over $100,000 in three
years. Aheady we have two steam dredges, a
steam tug, and the necessary discharging scows
thus employed, without the aid of this Govern-
ment, to say nothing of the tonnage duties laid
by consent of Congress for the improvementof the
harbor. Captain Brewerton estimates the whole
cost of effecting his plan for deepening the chan-
nel of the river at $390,000. My colleague's bill
contains an appropriation of $300,000. I have
two papers here, one a letter from the Secretary
of War, addressed on April G, 1854, to the chair-
man of the House Committee on Commerce, and
the other a letter to the Secretary from General
Totten, the chief of the Engineer Corps, in which
the amount that can be usefully applied to this
improvement during the year is set forth. Here
is the Secretary's letter:
War Department, )
Washington, April A, 1854. \
Sjr : T havp the Jionor to transmit herewith a report of
the Colonel of Engineers m reply to the inquiry in your
letter of yesterday, whether Use estimates forwiprovintjthe
approaches to tiie harhor of Baltimore may be incieased
psofitably for the general iiimrtMs of commeicc.
By tho report and enMosfd stnt( mrr t, it appears that a
larger sum than was estimated for could be expended bene-
ficially to the improvement m question.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
Ji:FF. DAVIS. Secretary of War.
Hon. T.J. D. Fuller, Chairman Committee on Commerce,
House of Representatives.
The letter of General Totten is as follows:
Engineer Department, >
Vv 4, ISM. j
Sir: In reference to tiie inquiry of the chairman of ihe
Committee on Commerce, under date of the 3d instant,
whethei the estimates (or linpiovmg the approaches to the
harbor of Baltimore may be increased profitably for the
general interests of commerce, which was received at this
office yesterday at two p. m., I have the honor to state, that
the total expense of the contemplated improvements is esti-
mated at about $400,000, supposing the work to be executed
by contract. If the dredging he done by hired iabor, and in
the use of dredegs built by the Government, the expense, it
is thought, will be materially lessened.
On tins point, I beg to refer to the copy herewith, of a
statement made by tile engineer oQicer 111 chains, Captain
Urcworton.
Tiie same officer considers that for the operations next
year, there should lie piovided, in addition to means on
hand, two steam dredges, one steam tug, and ten scows,
estimated to no-t §30,000
Amount required to work the tluee «team dredges,
and one steam tug, tor the fiscal year ending June
185."), in addition to the balance that may be
assumed to be on ltand of present appropriation.. 10,000 j
Total.  £60,000 '
Tin* estimate assumes a rate of progress more rapid than
that indicated by the appropnation already made, and by
the annual estimate ofthe otlicesimil^rly restricted; butnot
as rapid, in my opinion, as the greal importance of the im-
provement would justify. At the late proposed by Captain
Brewerton, as above, some six years will be needed to com-
plete the work, supposing no serious accidents, nor un-
foreseen obstructions. The same improvement we might
reasonably expect to accomplish, without very great efforts
in the execution, in half the time, under suitable enceui age-
men t by Congress.
An appropriation of gl20,000, for the next fiscal year,
would be a proper beginning of such an undertaking.
I have the honor to be, with greatrespect,yourobedident
servant,
J. a. TOTTEN,
Brevet Brigadier General and Colonel Engiaeer.
Hon. Jeff. Davis, Secretary of 1Var3 Washington.
I shall propose, before I conclude, with the eon-
sent of ray colleague, to reduce the sum contained
in his bill, from $300,000 to §120,000.
I have thus shown that there has been a report
and estimate from the proper authority; and I
now ask the Senate to indulge me while I state a
few considerations, which, in my judgment, ren-
der it manifestly proper that the encouragement
of Congress should be given to this work.
The city of Baltimore, sir, is no inconsiderable
town. Itisacity of two hundred thousand in-
habitants, standing at the head of one of the
finest estuaries in the world. It is well known
for its vigorous and enterprising commerce, and
for an active and varied industry. Its artisans
and mechanics yield in skill and energy to none,
whether their employment be in those handicrafts
where the workman pursues his business solitary
and in silence, or in great manufactories, amidst
the busy din of a hundred workmen, whose stal-
wart arms are in operation at the same moment,
and constantly. The most important, and all
the necessary, mechanical pursuits are skillfully
and vigorously followed, and whether in the build-
ing of ships and steam engines, the fabrication of
the minor domestic utensils, or anything that
requires labor for its construction, the art and
industry of Baltimore stand high in the estimation
of the purchaser. The neighboring country pos-
sesses great advantages in water power, and this
has been largely and actively availed of, so that
the city is the depot of many manufactured pro-
ducts.
Besides, Baltimore is a great commercial capital.
It commands almost exclusively the trade of quite
an extensive and fertile region. It receives large
supplies from more distant partis of the Union,
through great natural channels, and over magnifi-
cent artificial communications, which the State of
Maryland has built with her own resources, and by
her own energy, unaided by grants of land from
the Federal Government, or any other favors. Of
the tributaries of the Chesapeake, which are very
numerous, three, at least, are among the greatest
rivers on the Atlantic section of our "Union. One
of them, the Susquehanna, before it enters the
borders of Maryland, pierces the center of two of
the greatest States in the Union. Then, sir, we
have theTide-Water canal, which is intended to
remedy the imperfect navigation of the Susque-
hanna. Then we have tfte Susquehanna rail-
road, stretching into the fertile south-eastern coun-
ties of Pennsylvania, which has recently been
united with other improvements in that State, and
merged in what I believe is called the Northern
Central railroad. By means of this communica-
tion, we have a connection with the entire railroad
system of New York and Pennsylvania, and the
city of Buffalo, is placed within a shorter distance
of Baltimore than with New York herself. Besides,
we have the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, made
by our State, at an expense of over §26,000,000,
which spans the Blue Ridge and the Alleghany
mountains, and reaching to the waters of the
Ohio, binds us to the great valley of the Missis-
sippi with bands of iron. This now affords the
nearest communication between the Ohio and any
city on the Atlantic sea-board.
Al! these channels, and others, sir, supply the
materials for the commerce of Baltimore. That
commerce is by no means as small as some gen-
tlemen perhaps imagine; certainly not as small
as they might suppose, judging from the amount
of revenue received from the customs at that port.
Our foreign commerce is not in proportion to the
entire business of the city, partly because of those
obstructions in our river, which prevent the ap-
proach of vessels of the largest class, and partly
because of the commercial supremacy of New
York, which has absorbed, to a very great extent,
the foreign trade of other cities also. But even our
foreign commerce (although our direot trade be-
yond seas has diminished within the last thirty or
forty years) is still quite considerable, and is now
increasing again.
Hunt's Merchants' Magazine for February, of
the present year, reports the exports ofBaltimore,
to foreign countries, at $11,306,010, and the for-
eign imports at $7,750,387; in all a commerce of
819,056,397. This is but a small portion of the
