610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
entire trade of the city, for coastwise, and by in-
ternal channels, our business is of vastly greater
amount.
1 propose to state, very briefly, some items of
this trade.
The coal trade of Baltimore is yet in its infancy.
But in the year 1853, the receipts of Cumberland
coal alone were four hundred and six thousand
tons. It was quadrupled in the four years follow-
ing 1849. Last year (notwithstanding a strike
among the Alleghany miners for some months,
which reduced the business during that period to
a mere fraction of what it would have been) the
quantity amounted, I think, to more than five
hundred thousand tons. This business is now
rapidly increasing, and must coniinueto increase.
The Cumberland coal region is destined to prove
one of the most productive in the world. It
abounds with the finest coal, admirably adapted
to domestic uses, to the purposes of the smithery,
and to the generation of steam, and it is remark-
ably accessible, and easy to be mined. It can
scarcely be doubted that, in a few years, it will
rival the great coal region of Pennsylvania.
Besides this great source of business, the Tide-
Water canal and our new railroad connections
are opening to us the great anthracite deposits
of Pennsylvania. In 1853, one hundred and
eighty-three thousand tons of this variety of coal
were received at Baltimore; and the present in-
creased facilities must give greatly increased im-
petus to that business. The trade in both kinds
of coal must have amounted, during the past year,
to |4,000,000.
In raw cotton we have a more considerable trade
than I was myself aware of until very recently.
Our imports m 185:! were thirty-five thousand
bales The greater portion of this, to be sure, was
consumed by our manufacturers ir, Baltimore and
its immediate neighborhood; but, then, a portion
of it was exported directly; and since the opening
of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad to the western
waters, we have formed a connection as far west
as Tennessee, and are now receiving quite freely,
by the Ohio river and our road, supplies of Ten-
nessee cotton. This, too, gives fair promise of
liberal increase, and will prove mutually beneficial
to Maryland and the State of my honorable friend,
[Mr. Bei.l.]
Baltimore is a great market for breadstuffs. In
1853, notwithstanding the short crops in Virginia,
from which, as well as from North Carolina,
Pennsylvania, and Ohio, we receive breadstuffs—
and the unusually low stage of water which pre-
vailed, the receipts of breadstuffs at Baltimore
were §8,275,459, as estimated in the Baltimore
Price Current. It must be remembered, too, that
the causes I have just mentioned were supposed
to have diminished the receipts of flour by three
hundred thousand barrels.
It is a great mart for iron. So it is in regard to
lumber. I find that in the year 1853 neaily one
hundred million feet of lumber were received, prin-
cipally from the Susquehanna, and from our own
eastern shore. The value of this, I presume, is
at least $1,500,000- Tobacco is one of our prin-
cipal staples. In the year 1853 we received, at
Baltimore, sixty-one thousand two hundred and
twenty-seven hogsheads; and in some years the
quantity has gone considerably beyond this. Of
these sixty-one thousand two hundred and twen-
ty-seven hogsheads, we exported to foreign coun-
tries about fifty thousand. If the whole quantity
be estimated at six dollars to six dollars and
twenty-five cents per hundred, which is said to
have been the average price in October, 1853, the
value of this trade would be near g4,000,000.
It is also a great coffee market; and there is no
city in the Union, except New Orleans, that im-
ports so much of this article. The importations of
coffee in 1851 were over three hundred thousand
bags, chiefly from Tlio de Janeiro and Laguayra.
It also has a large trade in molasses and sugar. It
received in 1853, <rom New Orleans and the West
Indies, nearly twenty-six thousand hogsheads of
sugar. In guano the trade is larger than that of any
other city in the Union, and about half of the whole
United States. In the year 1853, one hundred and
seven vessels from the Chincha Islands came into
the United States; and of those fifty went directly
to Baltimore, and the amount of guano thus
brought to Maryland was thirty-two thousand
one hundred and fifty-two tons, besides the im-
portations, of Patagoman and Mexican guano.
These items, sir, indicates the character of our
trade. There are other materials of commerce of
minor importance, but which, taken together, make
an aggregate of great amount, which I have not
thoughtitnecessary tostate;butI musthaveshown
the Senate enough to satisfy them that our whole
trade is worth at least double or treble our direct
foreign commerce, and reaches an amount which
would justify, if anything can justify, a demand
on the national Government for such facilities for
navigation and commerce, as are necessary to pro-
tect and improve tftit trade.
But I think we deserve it for other reasons. I
think we are entitled to it from the fact that we
have not been the spoiled pet of Government, and
have not been constantly calling for appropriations;
but we have put our own shoulders to the wheel
without calling in the aid of Hercules. We have
expended our own money, and we expect to con-
tinue to advance money for the improvement of
our harbor whenever it maybe necessary. My
colleague has mentioned the fact that our vessels
of war and large coal transports can be coaled
with more advantage at Baltimore than f."ywhere
else. Now they must lie at the mouth of the
river, and have the coal brought down to them in
lighters. I will add, on the testimony of an intel-
ligent shipmaster and merchant at Baltimore, that
the expense of the Government, in that particular
alone, will in a very few, probably in two or three
years, pay the whole amount which is necessary
to make this improvement. Wearenow increas-
ing our naval steam marine, and the great expense
of fuel for the use of such ships will suggest- the
wisdom and economy of an improvement so ob-
viously important in this view.
Besides, sir, in the event of a war, every one
knows that the Chesapeake bay is not and cannot
be defended by fortresses, so as to exclude hostile
fleets from its limits. They will find shelter in
the bay and huirass the whole country or its
shores, and perhaps invade again the capital of
the Union, as they did in the warof 1812, unless
we have a naval steam force competent to its de-
fense. That naval force can find no secure refuge
m that part of the bay which lies to the right of
the Capes, nor the means of renewing its supply
of coal, except in the harbor of Baltimore, the ap-
proaches to which must be i si proved for its benefit
as well as the general advantage of commerce.
There is another reason for it. I desire to give
a statement, exhibiting the amount of revenue re-
ceived at the port of Baltimore, and the amount
expended for the benefit of the commerce of that
city since the organization of the Government
because it shows how much the Government has
received from this source, and how little it has
expended at Baltimore in return. I find theamount
of revenue from customs at Baltimore from 1789
to 1853, inclusive, was no less than $87,204,983,
and the amount of expenditures for collection,
§3,490,215, so that Baltimore has contributed to
the Treasury of the United States the nett sum of
{•>83,714,168. I know of no appropriations which
have been expended, unless for the purchase of the
custom-house, which is far inferior m cost to that
of some third rate city, for the erection of a pub-
lic store, and about $fi5,000 for the improvement
of our river. In a long series of fifty-six years,
this is all that has been appropriated in the way of
improving out navigation and furnishing facilities
to a commerce which has yielded so much to Gov-
ernment and asked so little from it.
Now, sir, I submit that, if there be such a thing
as an object of national importance, in reference
not only to the commerce of the place, but also to j(
the commerce of the whole country, this is one; ;
for Baltimore is connected with Charleston, Mo- j
bile, New Orleans, and Savannah, as well as all j
the principal cities of the North, by lines of steam- i
packets and sailing vessels constantly traversing j
the ocean m regular trade between our city and jt
these points; and therefore any facilities which [I
are afforded to the commerce of Baltimore enure
tn the advantage of the whole country. I trust,
therefore, there will be no objection to making the
appropriation, and especially no constitutional
difficulty in the way of its approval.
I now move to reduce the sum in the bill from
$300,000 to $120,0"0, the amount which General
Totten says can be judiciously used in one year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended;
and the amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on order-
ing the bill to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose this bill involves
the principle of the bill which was vetoed, it in-
volves the question whether we shall appropriate
for harbor purposes. It seems to me we may as
well make a test here as anywhere, and I ask for
the yeas and nays on it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PEARCE. I will state, in a word, that it
does not involve an appropriation for the harbor.
As I statrd, the harbor is cleared out by the city
authorities themselves. The object of this appro-
priation is to deepen the approaches to the harbor,
and improve the channel of the river. The harbor
we expect to keep open always by our own
means. «
Mr. BUTLER. I should like to know how
many bills of this kind are coming in. It is un-
derstood they cannot be tied together; but if one
after another comes in, what limit will there be?
What assurance have we that the other bills, taking
refuge in the authority of this, will not be brought
in upon the same reasoning as that of my friend
from Maryland ?
Mr. PRATT. Nobody can tell how many
more will be introduced. We know now of no
others except those on the Calendar.
Mr. BADGER. That is a matter which must
be decided by the Senate.
The question, being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 99, nays 7; as follows:
YBAS—Ai'e^srg. Allen, Bad'Jrer, Bell, Benjamin, Brod-
head, Oa^, Chase, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge
oi Iowa, Fessenden,Fnnt, Geyer, Gillette, Hoimon, James,
Junes of Tennessee, Morion, Pearce, Petut, Pratt, Sebas-
tian, Seward, Slide!!, Sluart, Thompson of Kentucky,
Wade, WeNer, and Wright—29.
NAY8—Mem-r*. liramerd, Brown, Butler, Clay, Evans,
Fuzpatrick, and Hunter—7.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was then read a third time, and
passed.
ST. CLAIR FLATS AND ST. MARY'S RIVER.
On motion by Mr. CASS, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill making appropriations for deepening the
channel over the St. Clair fiats, and for deepening
the channel over the flats of the St. Mary's river,
ill the State of Michigan.
The bill, as originally introduced, appropriated
no specific sum for these improvements, leaving
the amount blank; but the Committee on Com"
merce reported it, with amendments, to insert
$45,000 as the appropriation for deepening the
channel over the St. Clair flats, and $5,<J00 for
the St. Mary's river, and to provide for expend-
ing the latter sum in deepening the ship channel
on East Neebish rapids of the St. Mary's.
Mr. CASS. I wish to make a very few remarks
to the Senate on this subject. If there are any
improvements which come within the principles
of the Constitution, these are of that class. These
improvements are necessary, both for purposes of
peace and war, the accommodation of the public
marine, and of private vessels. They are on the
great line of our northwestern frontier, and form
the communication between the lakes. The com-
munication between Lake Huron and Lake Erie
is interrupted by flats in the river St. Clair. The
communication between Lake Huron and Lake
Superior is interrupted by rapids in the river St.
Mary's. For the improvement of the flats of the
St. Clair river an appropriation has already been
made by Congress of §20,000, and the Department
has, this year, estimated $45,000 for that object.
The importance of this improvement cannot be
over-estimated.
I hold in my hand a few statistical facts on this
subject, which will almost amaze honorable Sen-
ators. There are very few Senators who do not
live on those lakes, and not many who do live
there, who are aware of the immense importance
of the commerce over these lakes, the passage of
which is delayed by these difficulties every year.
It is computed that the value of the whole
amount of property passing those flats in a year
is nearly fifty millions of dollars. Surely this vast
amoun t of commerce has some claims on oar con-
sideration. The present depth of water on these
flats is nine and a half feet. The Senate well
know that there is a rising and falling of the lakes;
but this is not periodical, as has been supposed
by soma. The lakes we now falling, and the
