1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
611
depth of water on these fiats has been as low as
eight feet; and it is liable to fall to that depth.
Of course the vessels doing business on the upper
lakes could not pass through at all in that stage
of water. Now, the way they do pass is this:
the larger vessels are unloaded, and there are a
great many tow-boats employed; I think my
memoranda state that there are eight tow-boats
continually employed in towing them through.
The difficulty in respect to the passage is, that it
is so narrow that one vessel which gets stuck
there embarrasses and stops all the rest until it is
removed; two cannot pass at the same time.
I hold in my hand a statement from one of the
principal vessel owners upon the lakes, a man of
intelligence and probity, from which it appears
that the average daily detention of vessels in the
month of November last, on these flats, was sev-
enty-five, taking one day with another. At one
time, during that period, there were as many as
one hundred and twenty-seven delayed. Vessels
have been known to be kept there four months.
The annual number of passages over the flats,
by sailing vessels, is twelve thousand six hundred.
The number of passages by steam vessels is one
thousand six hundred and eighty. The average
detention of thirty sailing vessels a day for two
hundred and ten days, at $40 a day, amounts to
§252,000. The average detention of six steamers
for one hundred days, at $250 perday, amounts to
§150,000. The expense of eight tugs for two hun-
dred and ten days, at $75 per day, is $126,000.
Interest on thirty-six cargoes, two hundied and
ten days each, valued at $9,000 apiece, amounts
to $13,047. Here is a total loss of over $550,000
in consequence of these obstructions. But this is
not the only loss. The delay which is occasioned
is very injurious to the country. Vessels leave
Milwaukie and Chicago, and other places on the
upper lake, with cargoes of graii'i. The amount
of these cargoes is drawn for on New York, and
if any accident delays the arrival of those cargoes
for any long period of time, it is a very serious
injury to the seller and bill-holder. It is not only
the actual detention which happens to the vessels,
but the great inconvenience which is occasioned
to the commerce of the country that is to be
remedied.
I do not know that I need say anything more
in relation to the appropriation for the St. Clair
flats. The statistical facts which I have presented
show its vast importance, and an injury to the
commerce of this country every year more than
ten times as large as the appropriation now re-
quired to complete the work. With respect to
that portion of the bill which provides for deep-
ening the channel of the St. Mary's river, I shall
offer an amendment which is rendered necessary
by a circumstance which I shall mention. When
this bill was introduced, there was but a very
imperfect estimate for that work. The principal
portion of the difficulties over the St. Mary 'a river
is at the Neebish rapids, as they are called; and
since the bill was presented, we have received from
the War Department a report required by an act
of Congress passed two years ago, directing the
Secretary of War to make a survey of the St.
Mary's river with a view to its improvement. In j
the report which has been received from the War j
Department, the engineer goes on with a detailed :
statement of the improvement, which it is not j
necessary to read. He finally puts down as the j
total sum necessary for improving the St. Mary's j
river, by the west channel through Lake George, j
at $160,772.
Every gentleman is aware of the fact that im-
mense quantities of copper and iron are contin-
ually coming down from the upper country, by
way of Lake Superior, and the other articles of
commerce of that region are important, though,
of course, not as great as the commerce over the
St. Clair flats. Some two and a half years ago
an act of Congress was passed granting seven hun-
dred and fifty thousand acres of land for the con-
struction of a canal around the fails of the St.
Mary's river. I am happy to say to the Senate
that the quantity of land thus appropriated has
been well and wisely applied, and I may say that
the canal is completed; for, although the boats
have not got through, and the contractors have
until the 1st of May to complete the work, it is ;
effectually and substantially completed; and I am j
told by the chief engineer of the State of New j
York, a man who understands his business well, j
that it is the most magnificent structure of the
kind in the United States. And it affords me
pleasure to bear testimony to the ability, energy,
and fidelity of the superintendent, Mr. Brooks, to
whom the successful result is much owing; and
he was well supported by the directors of the com-
pany.
That canal is nearly a mile in length; its width
is one hundred feet; the depth of water twelve
feet. The two locks are three hundred and fifty
feet long each. The height of the lock-walls is
twenty-five feet. The width of the locks is sixty-
two and one half feet at the bottom, and seventy
feet at the top. I repeat, the work has been emi-
nently well done, and, in my opinion, at a great
loss to the contractors. All of us familiar with
the northwest know that the work could not have
cost less than a million of dollars. In my opinion,
it cost more. The contractors are to receive seven
hundred and fifty thousand acres of land,and that
land, of course, they cannot touch, as it has been
withheld from them for two and a half years. If
they had gone into market with their million of
dollars and bought up land warrants, they would
have made a much better bargain; butluckily for
the completion of the work, it fell into the hands
of four or five men, each of whom was abundantly
able to make the canal. It is completed, and well
completed. I do not know that I need say more
on this subject. The amendment which 1 indi-
cated my wish to offer, is to strike out all of the
bill except that portion pioviding for the improve-
ment of the St. Clair flats, and to insert in lieu
of the portion stricken out:
"And tli.it llu: sum of $-10,000 be, and the samp is hereby,
appropriated toward-* deepening lllo channel of Ihe St. Ma-
ry's river, by the west channel, through Lake George, ac-
cording lo ihe estimate ot Captain Macomb, of the Topo-
graphical Corps, communicated to the Senate in the report
or the Seetetary ot War, dated January IB, 1P55: Provided,
that ihe dtedgmfj machine mirriKWd lor the improvement
of the St. Clair Hats may he employed while not required
tlieiefor, at the di-erelion of the Secretary of War, m tile
impiovcment of the Kt. Mary's river."
Mr. BELL. I wish to suggest whether this
bill does not combine together two distinct objects,
and whether that is not contrary to the policy
which has been indicated.
Mr. CASS. They are, substantially, parts of
the same line of communication.
Mr. BELL. But they are two distinct works.
Mr. CASS. They are not in the same place.
That is all that can be said. They are on the
same line of communication.
Mr. BELL. I understand the deepening of the
channel of the St. Mary's river is a different mat-
ter from deepening the channel over the St. Clair
flats.
Mr. CASS. They are separated by Lake Hu-
ron; but they are on the same line of communica-
tion between the upper and lower lakes.
Mr. BELL. I leave it to the honorable Sena-
tor to determine whether it be expedient to con-
nect the two measures together; I do not object to
it. Did I understand him to say that the water
over the St. Clair flats is never less than nine and
a half feet in depth?
Mr. CASS. I have said that it is sometimes as
low as eight feet.
Mr. BELL. Never lower than eight?
Mr. CASS. No, sir. It is about nine and
a half feet now. With respect to the other
question of the honorable Senator from Tennes-
see, I Will say, that the Senator from Texas, in the
remarks he made a few minutes since, did not
seem to comprehend the reason why it should be
proposed to make these separate appropriations. I
agree there is nothing in principle requiring this;
but in practice it has been found that when you
connect these appropriations together, you include
those about which the Executive may have
doubts; and if the Executive, who is, by the Con-
stitution, to approve or reject your bill, finds in j
the same bill some appropriations which he can-
not approve, and some which he can approve, he j
rejects the whole. These separate bills have been |
introduced in accordance with the suggestion made
in the President's message, that these measures
should go to him as much disembarrassed as pos-
sible from the effect of each other. These two
works are on the same line of communication, and
stand on exact! y the same principle, and of course,
if there be any constitutional objection to the one,
there would be to the other.
Mr. BELL. I do not object to the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I think it proper to state, ia
regard to this, what may, perhaps, be useful,ia
another stage of the debate on these bills gener-
ally. This is part of one continuous natural navi-
gation from Buffalo, or from the mouth of the
Niagara river, to Chicago and to Lake Superior.
Vessels proceeding from Buffalo to Lake Superior,
go over the St. Clair flats, and through the St.
Mary's canal. It seems, therefore, that it isprop-
erly one continuous navigation.
I am instructed by the Legislature of New York
to support both these measures,and I have a word,
therefore, to say in relation to the bill. It assumes
new importance from the circumstance that we
have now obtained a treaty with Great Britain for
the free navigation of the St. Lawrence. This is
one of the steps necessary to complete the inland
navigation from the head of the lakes to the At-
lantic ocean.
The PRESIDENT. There are a number of
amendments reported by the committee, the first
of which is to insert $45,000 as the appropriation
for the St. Clair flats.
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask the Senator from
Michigan if there has not been an estimate by
which it was computed that $32,000^would suffice
to complete the work ?
Mr. CASS. No, sir. There are two estimates
submitted by the engineer; one of $99,000, and
the other of $160,000; but, for the reason which
he gives, he recommends the plan requiring
$160,000, by continuing the work on the west side
through Lake George.
Mr. HUNTER. I thought there had been a
proposition from two towns, Buffalo and Chicago,
I believe, to have the work done for the amount
which I stated.
Mr. CASS. That would be a temporary
arrangement for the present. It might be that
for that sum they could scoop out a channel which
would last for some time; but we ought to have
the work dona permanently. The engineer, in
his report, says:
"The channel now frequented on the eastern side of
Lake George is more direct, having a length of but two
miles through the shoal ground of the lake, (half the length
of the west channel;) it is, however, very narrow, and re-
quires dredging at several points."
He then goes on to give the items of the im-
provements on this plan, the cost of which would
be $09,000. He recommends, however, the im-
provement by the west channel through Lake
George, and over the East Neebish rapids, the
cost of which work will be $160 000. That report
comes to us with the sanction of the War Depart-
ment, recommending this as the preferable route.
1 repeat, this survey was made in conformity with
an express act of Congress directing it.
Mr. BUTLER. Before X vote on this bill, or
any other similar one—because I do not intend to
remain in the Senate making objections—I wish
distinctly to understand on what ground the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan and those who
advocate this system, put -this bill. Is it on the
power to regulate commerce, or on the war power?
I recollect that when the Senator from Michigan,
a few years ago, procured a grant of land for cut-
ting a ditch or a canal around the falls of St.
Mary's river, it was said to be a war measure,
though I do not presume there was any intimation
in any one of the petitions ever brought here on
the subject that there was a necessity for it as &
war measure. Now, I suppose, this appropria-
tion is for commercial purposes, and by the time
you change it again, I should like to know upon
what ground you will put it then ?
Mr.BROWN. ThePostOfficepower. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BUTLER. Of course the post office
power.will be used when that is thought con-
venient. If this system is to go on, the Federal
Government will be nothing but the agency to
appropriate money partially to regulate commerce
and prepare for war, and the matter is reduced
to mere legislative discretion, i think this project
is as good as any other of the same sort which is
before us; but when you cut this channel over
these fiats for vessels ten feet deep, if ships of %
larger size should be made, you ought, on the
same principle, to cut it twenty feet deep; and as
long as you appropriate money for such purposes,
there is no limit.
I say, eir, that I would not object to the mere
appropriation of the money for this or for any
