612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
other like purpose, but the moment Congress as-
sumes jurisdiction over this subject, it is a juris-
diction which cannot be regulated with justice,
and which ought not to be allowed to this Govern-
ment. God can govern the universe and regulate
the clouds in the heavens; but, as I have said
on a former occasion, suppose the power were
given to this Government to regulate the clouds,
and Congress were to decide when and where it
should rain: they could not do it. It would be a
discretion which they could not properly exercise.
While this may seem to some to be a fair meas-
ure, let me tell gentlemen that by voting for it
they are committing Congress to the power of
diverting commerce from the weaker sections, and
the natural sections of the Union, and turning it
through the lakes at one time, down the Missis-
sippi at another, to the Gulf at another, and say-
ing, in the face of this Confederacy, that Vir-
ginia, South Carolina, North Carolina, Georgia,
and Alabama, shall never have one dollar of money
for the improvement of their rivers.
Mr. CASS. I do not say so.
Mr. BUTLER. Why, the ground tlmt is
taken is, that a river to receive an appropriation
must run through three States.
Mr. CASS. I never took such aground, but
the gentleman's late colleague [Mr. Calhoun]
did.
Mr. BUTLER. The Senator knows that I
differed from my colleague on that question.
Mr. CASS. So did 1.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 do not think the Senator did,
for I believe he voted with him.
Mr. CASS. The Senator does not recollect the
speeches which I made here on that question;
but 1 do not blame him for that.
Mr. BUTLER. I remember the Senator's votes
better than his speeches, I know how he is going
to vote.
Mr. CASS. I have had my full share in the
discussion of this subject, and I have made
speeches enough, and given votes enough to show
my position upon it. I will tell the honorable
Senator, however, that his deceased colleague,
whose loss to the councils of the country nobody
regrets more than I do, took the ground which he
states; but when he did so, here before his face,
I entered into what I considered a full argument
of the question in opposition to his views. I
shall not repeat what I said. I have already so
often expressed my views on the constitutional
point that I do not now think it proper to repeat
them. The President in his message evidently
contemplates improvements in certain commercial
situations; he does not fepecify what improve-
ments for purposes of peace and war. The Sena-
tor from Ohio, [Mr. Wadc,] a few years since,
reminded me that upon a certain occasion, at
Cleveland, there was a good deal of noise and con-
fusion, (laughter:) but there is none here now,
and 1 think that we can get along very well.
The President .put the question on the first
amendment of the committee, to insert $45,000 as
the appropriation for the improvement of the St.
Clair Flats, and announced that it was rejected.
The PRESIDENT. The next amendment of
the committee is to insert $5,900 as the appro-
priation for deepening the channel of the St.
Mary's river.
Mr. CASS. I move, as a substitute for that
amendment, the one which I have already pre-
sented. 1 do so for the reason which 1 before
stated. When the bill was reported by the com-
mittee, the full estimates of the Department had.
not been sent in. I have now produced them, as
they have since been sent to us by the Secretary of
War, and I therefore ask that my amendment be
adopted.
The amendment of Mr. Cass, as a substitute
for the amendment of the committee, was agreed
to; and that amendment, as thus amended, was
adopted. .
Mr. STUART. The first amendment which
was proposed to the Senate was one filling a blank
with $45,000. When the bill was referred to the
committee it was left in blank as to the sum. The
sum of $45,000 was proposed by the Committee
on Commerce to fill the blank, so far as relates to
the improvement of the St. Clair Flats. That
amendment was rejected, owing to a misunder-
standing of the question. I move to reconsider the
vote by which it was rejected.
Mr. ADAMS. I would inquire whether the
Senator voted in the affirmative or negative on
that question?
Mr. STUART. There was no division.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question recurring upon the amendment to fill
the blank with $45,000, it was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
the amendments were concurred in, and the bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read a third lime.
The PRESIDENT. The question is, " Shall
the bill pass?"
Mr. BUTLER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that; I wish to see how gentlemen intend to
discriminate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS. If I recollect correctly, a few
years since, we appropriated seven hundred and
fifty thousand acres of land for the improvement
of the St. Mary's river for war purposes. The
Senator from South Carolina propounded a ques-
tion to the distinguished Senator from Michigan,
whether this appropriation was intended to aid in
the improvement of the river for war purposes, or
for commercial purposes ? 1 did not understand
the Senator from Michigan as answering that
question. There is such doubt and uncertainty
as to whether this is intended for war or com-
mercial purposes, that I am not reconciled to vote
for the bill, and under these circumstances I shall
vote against it.
The question being taken by yea3 and nays
upon the passage of the bill, resulted—yeas 27,
nays 9; as follows.
YArf—;Mpssrs. Badger, Bell, Brainerd, C'ar-n. Chase,
Dawson, Dfxi're of Wisconsin, Linden of Iowa, Douglas,
Fossenden, Foot, Oeyet, Gillette, Jones of Iowa, Jones of
Tennessee, Pemt, l'ratl,Sebi^uan,SpwaiJ, £lnlell, rttuart,
Stunner, Thomson ol New Jei-sey, Wade, tVdler, Wells,
and Wright—2"..
iVAYrt—Messrs. Adams-, Brown. Butler, Clay, Evans,
FitzpalriUi, Houston, Hunter, and lteid—9.
So the bill was passed.
DES MOINES AND ROCK RIVER RAPIDS.
The PRESIDENT. The next bill on the
Calendar is the bill to continue the improvement
of the Oes Moines and Rode river rapids, in the
upper Mississippi.
The Senate pioceeded to consider the bill as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to appro-
priate §,200,000 for the objects specified in the title.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I will state that the
sum which the bill proposes to appropriate i3 pre-
cisely the amount estimated for by Colonel John-
son, the officer in charge of western river improve-
ments, and by Major Floyd, who is immediately
in charge of this work. This is certainly a work
of national importance. One hundred thousand
dollars were appropriated for the object two years
ago. At the last session of Congress, the Senate
several times, by yeas and nays, sustained a
proposition to make this amount of appropriation,
although it was offered as an amendment to the
river and harbor bill of the House.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read a third time. The question
was stated to be, " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. BROWN. This, I think, is about the last
of these bills that introduces anything like a new
principle; and, while I shall not call for the yeas
and nays, I simply indicate that I am to be con-
sidered as voting against the proposition.
Mr. BELL. Let us have the yeas and nays.
Mr. BROWN. I do not call for them unless
others wish them to be taken.
Mr. CLAY. I call for the yeas anil nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bel), Benjamin, Brainerd, Cass,
Chase, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of fowa,
Douglas, Fessenden, Foot, Geyer, Gillette, Jones of Iowa,
Jones ot Tennessee, Pearce, Pettit, Pratt, Sebastian, Sew-
ard, Stuart, Sumner, Thomson of hew Jeisey, Wade,
Widler, and Wiight—27.
NAYS—Mf^srs. Adams, Brown, Butler, Clay, Evans,
Fnzpatriclc, Mason, and lipid—8.
So the bill was passed.
NEWARK HARBOR, NEW JERSEY.
The Senate next proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to consider the bill to continue the im-
provement in the harbor of Newark, New Jersey,
which proposes to appropriate $25,000 for that
purpose.
; The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read a third time.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of this bill. I wish to see how
far gentlemen can discriminate.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Benjamin, Brainerd, Brod-
iwad, Cass, Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Fessenden, Foot, Geyer, Gillette, Houston, Jones of Iowa,
Jones of Tennessee, Morton, Pearce, Pettit, Pratt, Sebas-
tian, Seward, Stuart, Sumner, Thomson of New Jersey,
Wade, and Wright—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Brown, Butler, Clay, Dawson,
Fitzpatriek, Hunter, Mason, Thompson of Kentucky, and
Toueey—It).
So the bill was passed.
HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS IN MAINE.
The Senate next proceeded,as in Committee of
the Whole, to consider the bill making appropria-
tions for the continuation and repair of certain
public works in the State of Maine, heretofore
commenced under the authority of law. it pro-
poses to appropriate $8,000 for continuing the
repairs of the breakwater in Portland harbor;
$50,000 for the breakwater at Richmond Island
harbor; and §15,000 for the breakwater at Rock-
land harbor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. These appropriations are
taken from the estimates and the bill reported by
the Committee on Commerce last year. There is
no variance whatever between them.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and read a third time.
The PRESIDENT. Shall the bill pass ?
Mr. MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the passage of this bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Badger, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Brai-
nerd, Chase, Dawson, ljodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Fessenden, Foot, Geyer, Gillette, Houston, Jones of fowa,
Jones of Tennessee, Pearce, Pe'tit, Sebastian, Seward,
Stuart, Snmner,Thompson ol Kentucky, Thomson of New
Jersey, Wade, and Wnght—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Butler, Clay, Douglas, Fitz-
patriek, llunter, Mason, Iteid, Toueey, and Welier—10.
So the bill was passed.
HARBOR OF CHARLESTON.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not know exactly how
these bills have come into the Senate. Have they
been introduced by individual members, or been
reported by the proper committee?
Mr. STUART. Some of them have been
brought before the Senate after having been re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce. Others
have been introduced by individual Senators with-
out reference.
M r. BUTLER. I wish to ask why the harbor
of Charleston has not been provided for? I per-
ceive it is left out.
Mr. BADGER, and others. You can bring in
a separate bill for that.
Mr. BUTLER. Very well; I give notice that
I shall hereafter ask leave to introduce a bill for
the improvement of the harbor of Charleston,
South Carolina.
SAVANNAH RIVER.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill to appropriate money to
remove the obstructions in the Savannah river
below the city ofSavannah, in the State of Georgia.
It contains a preamble reciting that the river Sa-
vannah was obstructed in its navigation below the
city of Savannah during the revolutionary war,
and that Congress has made partial appropriations
for the removal of these obstructions, and that the
engineer superintending the work reports a de-
ficiency of means to complete it. For these rea-
sons it proposes to appropriate $161,000 to remove
the obstructions,
Mr. PETTIT. I wish to say to the Senator
who claims the paternity of this bill, that if he
will strike out from the whereases that portion
which undertakes to make it constitutional by the
fact of the impediments having been placed there
by the General Government before or after the
Revolution, I will vote for his bill; but I will not
vote for it unless that clause be stricken out. N-o
man can make an argument to me that an appro-
priation of this sort can be constitutional because
this Government threw an obstruction in a river.
If it is within the power of the Government to
improve the navigation of a river after having put
