1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
such obstructions there, it is certainly in its power
to make the improvement without having done so.
X will not vote for a bill which has any such pre-
text on its face.
Mr. BADGER. Permit me to suggest to the
Senator that it is not a pretense. It is the truth.
Has he any objection to stating the truth ?
Mr. PETTIT. I say it makes no difference as
to our power. I move to strike out that portion
of the preamble which recites that the Govern-
ment placed the obstructions in the river.
Mr. DAWSON. The bill is strictly in con-
formity to the requisition of one of the Depart-
ments, and the gentleman ought not to be dissatis-
fied with the drawer of a bill when he tries to
accommodate the various Departments. I thought
it best to put on the face of the bill the fact which
is well known, that these obstructions were placed
in the river by the General Government, during
the revolutionary war, for the common defense.
I drew the bill in accordance with the wishes of
the authorities of the city of Savannah, arid to
conform to the Constitution, as some construe it.
I hope there will be no objection to the bill. I
Mr. GWIN. I will ask the Senator from
Georgia whether he did not get some ideas from
the message which the President sent us in rela-
tion to the Cape Fear river improvements.
Mr. DAWSON. Oh, yes; I had several sug-
gestions. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. DAWSON. I have no objection myself
to striking out the provision, but I do not see why
it is necessary to strike it out.
Mr. PETTIT. I wish to strike out that pait
which recites that the obstruction was the act of
the General Government, and which, thereby, in-
timates that for that reason it is in the power of
the Government.
Mr. DAWSON. To gratify my friend from
Indiana, I move to strike out the whole of the
preamble of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in. The bill, as amended,
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read a third time, and passed.
NAVIGATION OP THE OHIO.
The Senate next proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to consider the bill to provide for the
improvement of the navigation of the Ohio river.
It proposes to appropriate $200,000 for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Ohio, including the
repair or removal of the dam at Cumberland
Island; $100,000 of which sum is to be expended
in the improvement of. the navigation of the river
above the falls. It also contains a provision that
so soon as the stock in the Louisville and Port-
land canal, other than the stock of the United
States, shall have been paid to the subscribers out
of the tolls of the canal, or forthwith, in case the
stock shall have been already so paid, the Presi-
dent of the United States shall appoint the proper
officers to take possession of the canal, on the part
of the United States, so that it may not fail into
decay, or obstruct navigation; and the expense
of the custody and management of the canal and
canal property, is to be paid out of the Treasury,
not exceeding $25,000 per annum. After coming
into possession of the United States, the canal is
to be free of tolls and charges.
Mr. BELL. I move to strike out the words
" or removal " from that provision which appro-
priates a portion of this sum for the repair or
removal of the dam at the head of Cumberland
Island, in the Ohio river.
Mr. CHASE. There is no objection to that
amendment, if it is desired by the Senator from
Tennessee.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in. The bill, as amended, was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was
read a third time, and passed.
IMPROVEMENT OP THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. STUART. If we have disposed of the ;
several special orders on this subject, I now ask j
the Senate to take up the bill reported from the
Committee on Commerce, for the improvement of
the harbors on the Northern Lakes.
The PRESIDENT. There is another bill
which has been made the special order; it is a bill
to provide for continuing the improvement of the
Mississippi river.
Mr. STUART I yield to that.
The bill to provide for continuing the improve-
ment of the Mississippi river was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. Its purpose is to
appropriate §90,000 for this object.
Mr. BELL. This is a very inadequate appro-
priation for the object.
Mr. GWIN. ft is the same as was in the river
and harbor bill of last year.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is not enough to be of any
service.
Mr. BELL. It is not sufficient to be of any
consequence. I submit this view to the honorable
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Geyer,] who intro-
duced the bill. I understand that it will require
half this sum, at least, if not more, to build snag-
boats for the purpose of clearing out the snags.
I move to strike out " §90,000," and insert
"#■200,000."
Mr. DOUGLAS. Two hundred and forty
thousand dollars has been the usual sura.
Mr. DELL. It is suggested that the sum of
$240,000 is usual, but certainly the appropriation
ought to be at least $200,000, because it is neces-
sary to construct boats in order to make the appro-
priation tlFective; and if only $90,000 be appro-
priated, no residuum will be iett. 1 submit to the
consideration of the Senate, that if we make any
appropriation at all, a larger sum than that made
by the bill ought to be voted. This sum is to be
expended on ihe whole river, from the Des Moines
rapids to the mouth of the Mississippi. Why,
sir, we have just agreed to an appropriation of
$200,000 for the continuation of the improvements
at the Des Moines and Rock river rapids; and
now for the entire length of the river, from those
rapids to the mouth of the Mississippi, it is only
proposed to appropriate $90,000.
Mr. GEYER. I agree with the honorable
Senator from Tennessee, that the sum is inade-
quate; but I inseited it because it was the sum
which was inserted m the biil of last session. The
sum of $240,000 referred to by the Senator from
Illinois is an aggregate of the appropriations pro-
posed in the bill of 1852, but it was divided on
that occasion—§,90,000 for the river below the
rapids, $40,000 for the Missouri river, $40,OOOfor
the Arkansas river, and the balance, I believe, for
the Ohio.
Mr. BELL,. But was there not in that bill an
appropriation in addition to those, for building
snag-boats?
Mr. DOUGLAS. There was.
Mr. BELL. The sum appropriated by this bill
will be of no use whatever. Two hundred thou-
sand dollars is the least sum that should be appro-
priated.
Mr. BUTLER. Why not say $500,000 at
once? „
Mr. BELL. I do not think $500,000 could be
expended properly and advantageously in one
year.
Mr. GEYER. I understand now that the snag-
boats, and the improved machinery which were
purchased or built before, have been sold. If so,
it will require an additional sum.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand that the snag-
boats and implements have been sold at public
auction, and the money gone into the Treasury.
The bill of last year, in addition to the appropria-
tion of $90,000, referred to by the Senator from
Missouri, contained appropriations for an in-
creased number of boats. If we pass this bill
now, and begin the work, we shall have to get
new implements and boats, and certainly nothing
less than the sum indicated by the Senator from
Tennessee will be adequate.
Mr. BELL. I hope my amendment will be
agreed to.
The amendment was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading
and was read a third time, and
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. MASON. I ask permission of the Senate,
by unanimous consent, to submit the document
which I hold in my hand, and to ask for its print-
ing. There is a proposition before the Committee
on Foreign Relations, respecting the purchase of
certain interests of the Hudson's Bay Company,
and the Puget's Sound Agricultural Company.
The correspondence which I holdin my hand was
sent to the committee by the Secretasy of State,
giving full information m relation to these inter-
ests. The committee have instructed me to .ask
that it be printed.
Mr. BADGER. I will not interpose any ob-
jection if my friend from Virginia will not, as soon
as he gets that motion through, move an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. MASON. I can make-lo conditions.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I now move that the Senate
adjourn.
vrhe motion was not agreed to.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE MISSOURI RIVER.
The bill to provide for continuing the improve-
ment of the Missouri river was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It appropriates $40,000
for this object.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
SAN DIEGO RIVER.
The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole,
next proceeded to consider the bill to complete the
work at the mouth of the river San Diego, in the
State of California. Its object is to appropriate
$30,000 for this purpose.
Mr. GWIN. When I introduced the bill, I
thought $30,000 was the amount of the estimate,
but I find that it was $20,000, I move, therefore,
to strike out $30,000 and insert $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, react a third time,
and passed.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER.
The bill making an appropriation for the im-
provement of the Delaware breakwater, (which
appropriates $100,000 for this purpose,) was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole, reported
to the Senate, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
RAILROAD IRON DUTIES.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think we have
passed about as many of these bills as we should
m one day.
The PRESIDENT. The special orders are
exhausted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
bill granting to railroad companies three years in
which to pay the duties on iron imported fox rail-
road purposes be made the special order for to-
morrow at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
OTHER INTERNAL IMPROVEMENT BILLS.
Mr. SEWARD, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill_ to continue
the improvement of the Hudson river, in the
State of New York; which was read twice by its
title, and placed on the Calendar.
Mr. BADGER. I also ask unanimous consent
to be permitted to introduce a bill making an
appropriation for refunding to the citizens of Wil-
mington certain moneys advanced by them, and
expended by the agent of the United States in
the improvement of Cape Fear river, North Caro-
lina. It is a bill which is offered with the con-
currence of my colleague, [Mr. Reid,] and with
his entire approbation.
The bill was read twice by its title, and placed
on the Calendar.
Mr. BAYARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill for contin-
uing the improvement of the harbor of New Castle,
and a bill for the construction of a harbor on the
east side of Reedy Island; which were read twice
by their respective titles, and placed on the Cal-
endar.
Mr. PETTIT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduces bill for contin-
uing the improvement of the harbor of Michigan
City, Indiana; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and placed on the Calendar.
Mr. CLAY asked and obtained unanimous con-
sent to introduce a bill to continue the improve-
ment of Mobile harbor; which was read twice by
its title, and placed on the Calendar.
Mr. BUTLER asked and obtained unanimous
consent to introduce a bill to continue the improve-
