614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
ment of the harbor of Charleston, South Carolina;
which was read twice by its title, and placed on
the Calendar.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I introduced this morning
a bill to provide for the improvement of the Arkan-
sas river, and it was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, as I supposed that was the proper
course. As, however, other Senators pursue a
different course, I move that the vote be reconsid-
ered, and that that bill be placed on the Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I now desire to submit a mo-
tion that the various improvement bills which have
been laid on the table, and have not yet been dis-
posed of, be made the special order for to-morrow.
I hope there will be no objection to this.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that motion will not
be agreed to. I trust we shall be able to get up a
general appropriation bill to-morrow.
Mr. BADGER. This does not interfere with
my friend's appropriation bill. I wish these bills
to be made special orders, so that we may, if we
choose, take them up at special-order time.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator asks to-morrow
for these bills.
Mr. BADGER. That does not change the
effect of the order.
Mr. STUART. A majority can take up any
bill.
Mr. HUNTER. "What is the object of making
these bills the special order for to-morrow, unless
to pledge the Senate to take them up then?
Mr. BADGER. What harm will it do ?
Mr. HUNTER. What good will it do? What
is the object, unless to give these bills precedence?
Mr. BADGER. We want to give them prece-
dence over those bills over which they ought to
have precedence—not over the appropriation bills.
The motion was agreed to.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report from the Secretary of
the Interior on the subject of the colonization of
the Indians in the State of California; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Also, a message from the President of the United
States, communicating a letter from the Secretary
of the Interior in regard to a treaty between the
United States and the Chippewa Indians of Lake
Superior; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Also, a message from the President of the United
States in reference to the imprisonment of Francis
W. Rice, late consul at Acapulco; which was or-
dered to lie on the table and be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Navy,in answer to a resolution of the Senate,
in reference to the dry-dock, basin, and railway
at Pensacola; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PAPERS REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the papers of Captain C. Waltero be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
jeremiah moors.
On motion by Mr. STUART, the bill reported
from the Committee on Commerce, for the relief
of Jeremiah Moors, was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It is to require the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to Jeremiah Moors a just compensation for
labor bestowed, and for mortar and other materials
used, (except the rough stone for the tower,) m
building a light-house, in the year 1831, on the
Outer Thunder Bay island of Lake Huron, which
•was built under a contract made between Adam
D. Steuart, the agent of the United States, and
Henry T. Blake, dated August 30, 1&31, and
assigned by Blake, with the consent of Mr. Steu-
art,!o Mr. Moors, by whom it was built. August
30. 1831, Henry T. Blake contracted with Adam
D. Steuart, an agent of the United States, to build
a light-house on the outer Thunder Bay island,
in Lake Huron; on the same day tnat this con-
tract bears date, Mr. Blake assigned it to Moors,
constituting him his agentto perform thecontract,
and to receive the pay of the Government there-
for, and he was accepted by the Government agent
to do the work, as the substitute of Mr. Blake,
the original contractor. He proceeded with the
Government agent to the place of location, and
commenced the work, upon the site selected, pros-
ecuted it with skill and energy, in strict conform-
ity to the contract, and to the entire satisfaction of
the superintendent, until it was nearly completed
—only a small amount of labor to be performed
upon the lantern—when a gale of unusual vio-
lence arose, and a tremendous sea swept over sev-
eral acres of that part of the island on which the
light-house was located, beating against it with
great force, and, after withstanding the gale for
some time, it gave way, and fell into the lake,
leaving about twenty feet on the land side stand-
ing, a perfectly sound wall.
From all the evidence presented to the commit-
tee, they are of opinion that the destruction of
the tower was wholly attributable to the inju-
dicious and exposed location of the building, and
to the severity of the storms, (for which the me-
morialist was not responsible,) and not to any
defect in the materials or workmanship of the
building; and it was no fault of the contractor that
it was not entirely finished, for he was directed to
place it where it could not stand, and where he was
not able to finish the lantern before the tower fell.
It is evident that the site was selected in good
faith by the Government agent, he being entirely
ignorant of the great rise of water during the
furious storms that beat upon it. It is evident
that the site was an unwise and injudicious one,
from the fact that the Government selected a site
for the new light-house further from the water,
and upon higher ground. The second light-house
wasbuiltby Moors, and out ofthesame materials,
and stands firm to the present time. He did not
undertake to guaranty the suitableness of the site,
but to furnish the labor and materials for the
structure, and for its failure the Government is
alone responsible, and the committee know of no
rule of law or justice which would allow the Gov-
ernment to shelter itself from the payment of a
just compensation for the labor performed because
its agent selected an unsuitable site for the build-
ing.
Mr. STUART. I have learnt, since I reported
this bill, that the man who performed the labor ia
dead; I propose, therefore, to amend it by insert-
ing before his name, the words " the legal repre-
sentatives of."
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in. The bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, was read a third
time, and passed; and its title was amended so as
to read " A bill for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of Jeremiah Moors."
district attorney in california.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance ho instructed
to inquire into the expediency of nialuns compensation to
the district attorney of the northern dibtuct of California,
for services rendered in the district court on appeals from
the board of land commissioners, organized m 13jl.
DANIEL MORSE.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
House bill for the relief of Daniel Morse, of
Essex, county of Chittenden, in the State of Ver-
mont.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Daniel Morse on the list
of invalid pensioners, at the rate of eight dollars
per month, from the 1st of March, 1854.
Morse was enlisted as a soldier in the second
company of thirtieth regiment of United States
infantry, commanded by Solomon Clark, on April
25, 1813. He marched to Bennington about the
1st of July, was transferred to first company,
Captain Simeon Wright; in September crossed
Lake Champlain, where he was transferred to
Captain D. Azro A. Buck's company as light
corps rangers, and continued till they went into
winter quarters at Plattsburg, in November.
"While in this company, he went to Odletown,
then to Chatague, then to Henchenbrook, in
Canada, and during the time forded the river
Chatague five times in eight days; suffered ex-
tremely for want of food, having only two days'
rations for eight days. Morse says it rained and
snowed all the way; he lay in the woods the first
night, without shelter, and the second night in the
show nearly a foot deep. Eight or ten of the men
froze to death that night, and they lay on the cold
ground at Plattsburg till the barracks were erected.
The first night, while there, the rheumatism at-
tacked Morse, and he was helpless for three
weeks. He has not been, since then, twenty-four
hours free from pain; he cannot labor, and has
no means of support.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a.
third time, and passed.
george w. torrence.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, the bill reported
by the Committee on Military Affairs, for the
relief of George W. Torrence, was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Its object is to direct the Secretary of War to
pay to George W. Torrence #1,574, in full com-
pensation for his gallant military services at the
National Bridge, Mexico, on the 9th of September,
1847, and for extraordinary expenses incurred by
him in consequence of wounds received by him in
the United States service
Torrence was orderly sergeant in Captain H.
Fail-child's company, of Louisiana mounted volun-
teers, in the late war with Mexico. On the 8th of
September, 1847, by order of Major Laliy, he
commanded an expedition against a body of the
enemy near the city of Jalapa, which he put to
flight. In returning to the city, he found himself
intercepted by a large body of the enemy, and he
was compelled to take the Vera Cruz road. In
crossing the National Bridge he was attacked by
the enemy in large force from different directions.
In this crisis he gallantly charged them, and cut
his way through with a small loss. This oc-
curred on the 0th of September, 1847.
Colonel Hughes, in his official report, says the
conduct of Sergeant Torrence was equal m gal-
lantry to anything that came under his observa-
tion during the war, and recommends him to the
favorable consideration of the Government. Cap-
tain Fairchild and Surgeon Bryarly testify that
Torrence was wounded in the engagement on the
9th of September, 1847, and Dr. Bryarly further
states that he was afterwards under his medical
treatment, and at great expense in California, for
the wound he then received, and that his present
disability proceeds from the injury.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
Several Senators rose for the purpose of moving
to take up private bills.
Mr. CHASE. I have a private bill which I
should like to urge on the Senate; but I think that
when the body is so thin as at present, it would
not be well to do so. I therefore move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 7, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
removal of california indians.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States:
To the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States :
I communicate to Congress herewith, for its considera-
tion, the accompanying papers from the Secretary of the
Interior on the subject of the proviso of the act of July 31,
1854,m relation to the removal of the California Indians.
franklin pierce.
On motion by Mr. HAVEN, the message and
accompanying papers were referred to the°Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
territorial memorials.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has received sev-
eral memorials from the Legislature of New Mex-
ico, all of which refer to Indian affairs, except one,
which relates to schools. If not objected to, the
memorials -will be referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, except the one in relation tt,
schools, which will be sent to the Committee on
the Territories.
It was so ordered.
