1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
615
ARMY REGISTER.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House a
communication from the War Department, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
House of Representatives of June 14, 1848, a
transcript of the official Army Register for the year
ending 30th June, 1854, showing the annual pay
of each officer of the Army, the amount paid him
for rations, servants, forage, and horses, and the
amount paid and allowed him in all respects for
and during the preceding fiscal year.
On motion by Mr. FAULKNER, the commu-
nication was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
PATENT OFFICE REPORTS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Commissioner of Patents,
transmitting the agricultural portion of his annual
report, together with illustrations to accompany
the same.
Also, a communication from the said Commis-
sioner, transmitting his annual report in relation
to the arts and manufactures.
Mr. HAVEN. Those reports should both go
to the Committee on Printing. 1 move that they
be bo referred, and that ten thousand extra copies
thereof be printed.
Mr. FLORENCE. Ten thousand! Make it
one hundred thousand.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
on Printing will decide how many extra copies
shall be printed.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Haven,] to print extra
copies, goes, under the rule, to the Committee on
Printing, as a matter of course. If not objected
to, the reports will be referred to the committee.
It was so ordered.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bills; which thereupon leceived the signature of
the Speaker:
An act for the relief the heirs-at-law of Wil-
liam Van Wart, deceased.
An act for the relief of Don B. Juan Domercq,
a Spanish subject.
An act to amend " An act making appropria-
tions for the improvement of certain harbors and
rivers;" approved August 30, 1852; and
An act changing the appropriation for the erec-
tion of a buildmg in the city of Milwaukie for a
custom-house, post office, and United States
courts.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I simply ask leave to re-
port a bill from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, for the purpose of having it
printed and recommitted.
There being no objection, a bill providing for
an express mail overland from St. Louis to San
Francisco was reported back with a substitute,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENN. I call for the regular order of
business, and I object to any proceedings out of
order.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I consider the reg-
ular order of business to be the consideration of
the diplomatic and consular bill, and on that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] is
entitled to the floor. But, as it is very certain we
cannot get through with it before the expiration of
the morning hour, if the gentleman will yield the
floor, I will move that the rules be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, with a view
to dispose of the Texas bill before one o'clock.
Mr. HENN. I object to any such proceeding
out of the regular order of business.
Mr. FENTON. I appeal to the gentleman
from Iowa to withdraw his objection for a mo-
ment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the gentleman from
Iowa withdraws his objection, I shall renew it,
and incist on the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the consular bill, and
on that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Chandler] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CRAIGE. I hope my colleague [Mr.
Clingman] will withdraw his objection for a mo-
ment; I wish to ask the unanimous consent of the
House to take up from th'e Speaker's table Senate
bill No. 535, to enlarge the Post Office building.
I merely desire to have it referred to a committee.
Mr. HENN. I would say to the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Craige,] that, if ob-
jection is withdrawn for the purpose of allowing
one bill to come in, a dozen may come in, and
thus the whole of the morning hour will be taken
up. However, 1 will withdraw my objection for
the purpose indicated by the gentleman from North
Carolina.
There being no objection, Senate bill (No. 535)
" to authorize the enlargement of theGeneral Post
Office building," was read a first and second time
by us title, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to have taken
from the Speaker's table House bill No. 39—the
swamp land act—so that the House may non-
concur in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR BILL.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of House bill (No. 353)
" to remodel the diplomatic and consular system of
the United States;" and on that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] has the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania yield, that I may make a
motion to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union for the purpose of disposing
of the Texas bill.
Mr. COBS. Oh, no; I insist upon the regular
order of business.
Mr. FARLEY. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to allow me to introduce a bill for the
purpose of reference only.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
Mr. CHANDLER then rose, and progressed in
hisaigument in favor of the bill for a few minutes,
but was interrupted by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky 
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. With the consent
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chand-
ler,] I desire to make a motion, if he will allow
me to do so, and take the sense of the House in
regard to going into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, with a view of dispos-
ing of the Texas creditors' bill, which is the unfin-
ished business of yesterday, before the expiration
of the morning hour.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 yield the floor to the
gentleman from Kentucky, for the purpose indi-
cated by him.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I now make the
motion that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would ask the gentleman
from Kentucky whether he will be able to get
through with this bill before the expiration of the
morning hour?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I hope to be able to
dispose of it by the time the gentleman from Ala-
bama desires to take up the bill relating to the
tariff, of which he gave notice a few days since.
Mr. HAMILTON. Believing that this bill
cannot be disposed of before the hour designated
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, (one o'clock,) I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Breck-
inridge's motion; and it was decided in the
affirmative.
TEXAS CREDITORS.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
(Mr. Hendricks in the chair) upon the special
order, Senate bill No. 96, being " An act to pro-
vide for the payment of such creditors of the late
Republic of Texas as are comprehended in the act
of Congress of September 9, 18j0."
Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN. I call for the read-
ing of the resolution under which this bill was
taken up in the Committee of the Whole on yes-
terday.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection to
the reading of the resolution ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object; and I think this
bill comes np as unfinished business.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall vote against the bill
in its present shape; but I am willing, so far as I
am concerned( for the remainder of the morning
hour to be occupied with the consideration of this
bill; but if gentlemen put it upon the ground tjiat
it comes up as unfinished business, I shall feel
bound to resist it. ■
Mr. CHAIRMAN. The question now pend-
ing before the committee, is the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Tennessee" [Mr.
Jones] to the original bill, which is to strike
out, in the twenty-sixth line of the first sec-
tion, " §8,500,000," and insert in lieu thereof,
" $6,550,000."
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE obtained the floor.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know if the
gentleman from Kentucky has a right to speak
more than twice upon the same question ?
Mr. HAMILTON. I rise to a question of
order—that the bill which we had under consider-
ation yesterday is not the bill in order this morn-
ing, being made a special order for one day only.
I make the point of order that it, reverts to its
original place upon the Calendar.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and decides that the Texas cred-
itors bill is now properly before the committee for
consideration.
Mr. HENN. I would ask the Chair whether
we have not the right to have the resolution under
which this bill was made the.special order read by
a vote of the committee ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Allen] and the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Henn] both ask that the resolution making
this bill a special order be read.
There being no objection, the resolution was
read by the Clerk, as follows:
l( Resolved, Tliat Senate bill No. 96 be made the special
order for the 6th day of February, and that all debate in
Committee of the Wliole House on said bill shall cease at
three o'clock, p. m., upon that day, if the committee shall
not eooner come to a conclusion upon the same, and the
committee shall then proceed to vote upon such amend-
ments as may be pending or offered to the same, who shall
then icport it to the House with such amendments as may
have been agreed to by the committee.^
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I desire to say a few-
words simply in the nature of a personal explana-
tion. It will be remembered by the committee
that I rose some time ago and asked for one day
to be set apart for the consideration of this meas-
ure, and that 1 stated, in view of the great pressure
of public business, that I would ask but for one
day. 1 recollect having used that language, and
I supposed it was the special order for one day,
and for one day only. I was desirous, therefore,
yesterday, that some disposition should be made
of this matter, and 1 thought that the considera-
tion of the bill terminated with that day. The
resolution which has just been read was not drawn
by me—as I am not expert in these matters, and
profess to be no parliamentarian. I thought,
under that resolution, that the bill was made the
special order for one day, and hence my anxiety
to dispose of it. The Chair decides that it comes
up as unfinished business; and I make this ex-
planation in order to relieve myself from the
charge of having asked but for one day only.
Mr. GIDDINGS, of Ohio. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that,
j under the resolution making Senate bill No. 96
| the special order for yesterday, that bill is now the
| business before the committee, not merely as un-
j finished business, but continuing as the special
i order under this resolution. The Chair asks the
! indulgence of the committee to be allowed to read
; the latter part of the resolution, upon which the
j Chair bases its decision. It says " that thecom-
mitiee shall then"—after the debate is closed—
I " proceed to vote upon such amendments as may
be pending or offered to the same, and shall then
report it to the House with such amendments as
may have been agreed to by the committee."
.Under this resolution the Chair thinks this bill-is
the business in order before the committee, until
it be disposed of and reported to the House. The
gentleman from Ohio appeals from that decision.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I think the
appeal comes too late, as the decision from which
the appeal is taken was made some time since.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not, a3
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Breckin-
ridge] was addressing the committee upon this
very question of order of business.
The question is, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
