616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
Mr. CHANDLER. May I be allowed one
Word before the question is taken?
[Cries of " Yes!" <« Yes!" and "No!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not debat-
able.
Mr. CHANDLER. Merely one word.
[Cries of " Order !"]
Mr. CHANDLER. I would say it ig not in
order for a member, except rising in hie place, to
call a gentleman to order.
[Cries of " Order !" " Order !"]
Mr. JONES, of New York. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I ask that the second rule of the
House, with the note appended thereto, may be
read, to show that this question of order is a
debatable question.
Mr. CLlNGMAN. I object to any reading of
rules, and to all debate. I hope we shall have an
immediate decision of the question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks if ob-
jected to, the rule cannot be read. The question
is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the j
judgment of the committee ?" I
The question was taken; and the decision of !
the Chair was sustained. I
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the i
committee is the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
Mr. McMULLIN. I propose to amend that
amendment by striking out $50,000.
I desire to be informed whether I am limited in
debate to five minutes or not?
The CHAIRMAN. The five-minute rule is in
force now, and the gentleman will be confined to
that time.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then, sir, I shall be obliged
very much to condense the remarks I desired to
make.
I have, after a great length of time, and great
exertion, succeeded in obtaining the floor. It is
not my purpose to cast any reflection upon the
present occupant of the chair, but really, I did
feel mortified when the Chair gave the floor to
gentlemen upon both sides of me.
I desire, very briefly, to notice the remarks of
gentlemen who have advocated this bill. Allow
me to notice the remarks of the honorable gentle-
man from Texas, [Mr. Smyth,] who first ad-
dressed the committee yesterday. He did full and
ample justice to the case, and even more than jus-
tice, as I understood him. But he wound up his
speech by informing the committee that he could
not vote for the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] and giving his opinion
that his State would reject that proposition, if!
passed by Congress.
Sir, I was forcibly reminded, by that portion of
the gentleman's argument, of a certain lady upon
a certain occasion,'when she went to the house of J
a man seeking favors, in the form of alms, from i
him. The gentleman, in the kindness and good- ,
ness of his heart, opened his iron chest, full of i
gold. The lady began to take up as much as she '
wanted, and continued to take, until she got so
much that she could notcarry the load. The gen-
tleman, very properly, then told her she could not I
have any, unless satisfied with an amount which 1
was reasonable, and just, and right. So it seems
to me my friend from Texas is not willing that his
State should receive only that which is reasonable,
just, and right, and says she will take nothing, >
unless she can get all she asks. j
But another gentleman from Texas, [Mr. j
Bell,] unlike his colleague to whom I have just j
alluded, came forward, and his speech reminded !
me of a modest, timid young lady, when the j
question was first propounded to her. Her an- [
swer was, " Well, I don't know—1 can't decide i
it—I cannot commit myself." So this gentleman j
would not commit his State against the bill— j
against the just and reasonable proposition ol the j
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.] He j
was prudent in doing so, for I undertake to say j
that if you adopt the proposition of the gentle-!
mail from Tennessee, Texas will gladly embrace j
it. j :
Mr. BELL, (interrupting.) I explained fully j
to the committee the reasons why I was unwiii- j
ing to commit the people of my State to any par- j
ticular course of action upon this bill. I
Not desiring to interrupt the gentleman, I return [
him tny sincere thanks for the highest compli-
ment Ishall ever receive, that is, for having assim-
ilated xas to a modest, beautiful, young lady; and
being a bachelor, I should be much obliged to him
if he will carry out the matter, and lend me his
aid in connecting me with one. [Great laughter.]
Mr. McMULLIN. Although I did not agree
with the gentleman's speech, I award him great
credit and shrewdness for the manner in which he
has appropriated the compliment. But, Mr. Chair-
man, I was not a little amused by the ingenuity
of the learned gentleman from Kentucky, and if
I had a case in court, and desired counsel, I know
of no one 1 would prefer to that gentleman, es-
pecially if he had such a witness as the gentleman
from Ohio. I don't mean the gentleman who bel-
lowed so yesterday, [pointing to Mr. Giddings,]
butthegentlemanfromOhio,Mr. 1 believe itis
not permitted to call names here—1 mean the gen-
tleman from Ohio with the sleek head, [pointing
to Mr. Taylor.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I would rather have
a sleek head than a block-head upon my shoulders.
[Great laughter.]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, I am
sorry that the pleasant little passage between my
friends from Virginia and Ohio should have
consumed so much of our precious time. I do not
propose to answer my friend from Virginia. Our
time is short. I am opposed to his amendment,
and ask a vote on it. Before I take my seat, I
would ask the Chairman whether it is in order for
me now to make a motion ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to move
any additional amendment.
Mr. PECKHAM. It is in order to move to
strike out the etiec'ing clause.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. My impression was
that it would not be in order to make that motion
until the question had been taken on the amend-
mentof the gentleman from Virginia. Idesireto
state, with the indulgence of the committee, that I
am now about to make a motion which 1 do not
propose shall have the effect of smothering the
sense of members upon any of the aspects of this
question. I propose to move to strike out the en-
acting clause of the bill. If the motion be agreed
to, 1 intend to offer in the House the bill which I
hold in my hand, as a substitute, to allow my
friend from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to submit his
amendment, and the gentleman from Texas [Mr.
Siurm] his substitute, and then to call for the
previous question, ill order that the sense of the
House may be token on thedifferentpropositions.
[Cries of " That is right!"]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I move to strike out
the enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. PR1NGLS. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky afford me opportunity for the presenta-
tion of the substitute for the bill which I have,
when we get into the House ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will.
Mr. MILLSON. I suppose that the motion to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill is debata-
ble?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. MILLSON. fs debate in order upon my
colleague's [Mr. McMoli.in's] amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has been exhaust-
ed on the amendment.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Chairman, I think it
has been held, on former occasions, that the mo-
tion to strike out the enacting clause of a bill is
debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. The recollection of the
Chair is, that on some occasions during this session
of Congress it has been held that the motion to
strike out the enacting clause of a bill is debata-
ble, but that the last decision was, the motion
was not debatable. The Chair now decides that
the motion is not debatable.
Mr. MILLSON. Is the motion not debatable
to the extent of five minutes?
The CHAIR.MAN. It is not debatable to any
extent.
Mr. MILLSON. Then I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky to withdraw his motion to
strike outthe enacting clause of the bill.
[Cries of " No !" " Hold on to it!" " With-
draw the motion
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Personally I would
be very happy to do it, but I think that it is the
sense of the committee it should not be done.
Mr. MILLSON. I hope the gentleman will
first hear my reasons for the request which I have
made.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
It is objected to, and, being objected to, the Chair
must enforce the rules.
Mr. MILLSON. I am just informed, the last
decision was, that the motion to strike out the
enacting clause of a bill was debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
the gentleman is mistaken. Be that as it may,
the Chair now decides that the motion is not
debatable.
Mr. MILLSON. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky to withdraw his motion, for the reason
that I believe, up to this time, not one single
speech, at least not one that I have heard, has
been made against this bill.
Mr. CLlNGMAN. I am sorry to have to call
the gentleman to order, but I do insist that the
present proceeding is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky withdraw his motion to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I cannot withdraw it.
If I withdraw it for the gentleman from Virginia,
other gentlemen would make a similar request.
Mr. MILLSON. There has been no speech
made against the bill.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I have heard two or
three.
Mr. MILLSON. They were made only against
amendments.
Mr. McMULLIN. I have never in my life,
Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. The proposition is not
debatable. The gentleman from North Carolina
objects to debate.
Mr. McMULLIN. I hope the committee will
extend its courtesy to me for a personal explana-
tion.
[Cries of " Hear him!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will pro-
ceed.
Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. Chairman, let me
assure you, and the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Tayloii,] that, in what I said a few minutes ago,
I meant nothing personally offensive to anybody.
My remarks, perhaps, were tinged with levity,
but the gentleman retorted with some show of
excitement. Now, let me say, in all candor, that
I do not think either can complain of the other;
for both of our heads united would not make more
than one clever man ought to have. [Great laugh-
ter.]
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Let me say a word.
[Cries of " Hear him !"]
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Chairman, I will say to
my friend from Virginia, with whom I have had
friendly relations during the whole of my service
in Congress, that I am the last man in the world
to make any improper allusion, and probably as
prompt as anybody to respond to them when di-
rected to me. Such, I supposed, was his allusion;
but I take back all I said with great pleasure since
the gentleman says he meant nothing personally
oflensive. I do think, however, that neither he,
nor myself,nor,indeed, all of the members put to-
gether have more sense than the country demands
at our hand3, in the discharge of our duties here.
[Renewed laughter.]
Mr. PR.INGLE. I demand tellers on the mo-
tion to strike out the enacting clause of the bill.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Tweed ana
Boycr. were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes ninety-one, a further count not being
demanded.
So the committee agreed to strike outthe enact-
ing; clause.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
committee do now rise.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr. Hen-
dricks] reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly Senate bill No. 9G,it being the Texas
creditors bill, and had instructed him to report the
same to the House, with a recommendation that
the enacting clause be strieken out.
message from the senate.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbort^Djckins, their Secretary, informing
