1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
617
the House that the Senate had passed bills of the
following titles:
An act to remove obstructions to navigation in
the mouth of the Mississippi river at the South-
west Pass and Pass a 1'Outre;
An act for the relief of Brevet Brigadier Gen-
eral John B. Walbach,of theUnited States Army;
An act, in addition to certain acts, granting
bounty land to certain officers and soldiers who
have been engaged in the military service of the
United States; and
An act for the relief of Franklin Chase.
Also, that the Senate had passed, with an
amendment, the bill of the House for the relief of
the heirs of Larkin Smith.
Also, that the Senate had passed, without amend-
ment, bills of the House of the following titles:
An act for the relief of John Steene; and
An act for the relief of Samuel A. Belden & Co.
THE TEXAS BILL AGAIN.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I demand the pre-
vious question upon striking out the enacting
clause of the bill just reported from the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the previous question
cut off amendments from being offered?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to know whether the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas,
[Mr. Smyth,] as a substitute for the bill, was
offered in the House before the bill went to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform the
gentleman from Missouri, that the question is now
upon striking out the enacting clause of the bill.
If that motion be disagreed to it will then be in
order to amend the bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I am aware of that, but I de-
sire to know whether this amendment was not
offered before the biil went to the committee ?
The SPEAKER. It was.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If the Chair will
allow me, I will say to the gentleman from Mis-
souri that, whether the amendment of the gentle-
man from Texas was offered in the House or not,
if the enacting clause of the bill be not stricken
out, I propose, if I can get the floor, to offer the
amendment reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means as a substitute for the Senate bill.
Mr. PHELPS. And then to allow other
amendments in?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Certainly.
The question was then taken upon striking out
the enacting clause; and the motion was not
agreed to.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I now offerthe sub-
stitute reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means for the Senate bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Before this sub-
stitute of the gentleman is read, I ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky to yield me the floor, to
allow me to move to strike out, in the second
line, " §8,500,000," and to insert in lieu thereof
" SB,550,000."
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky accept the amendment of the gentle-
man from Tennessee?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. No, sir, I will not
accept the amendment, but I will permit the gen-
tleman from Tennessee to make that motion, so
that the House may vote upon it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will receive the
amendment, when he has inquired into and determ-
ined certain other questions as to the position of
other amendments, which were received by the
House, and referred with the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES. Those amendments did not come
back from the committee. The recommendation
to strike out the enacting clause only brought
back the original bill to the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly the bill comes
back from the committee just as it went there.
The SPEAKER. But the question arises,
whether the amendments which were referred
with the bill did notalso come back with it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Theonlyactionthecom-
mitteehad was upon the bill itself. It did not act
upon the amendments, and they were therefore lost.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman is correct in his statement.
Mr. PHELPS. I now desire to know whether
the bill offered the other day by the gentleman
from Texas, was not offered m the House before
the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It was, and was referred
there with the original bill, but the committee did
not pass upon that amendment. It was not
adopted by the committee, and, therefore, was left
behind in committee.
Mr. PHELPS. Then that amendment is not
now pending.
The SPEAKER. It is not. It does not attach
to the bill at all.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Kentucky, I will make
a single remark. This bill came from the Senate,
and was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means. The committee reported it back, recom-
mending certain amendments. The gentleman
from Texas then offered his substitute, which was
received, if my recollection serves me right. The
bill, as reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means, with the proposed amendments and the
substitute of the gentleman from Texas, were
then referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. The Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union reported the
original Senate bill back, with a recommendation
that the enacting clause be stricken out, leaving
the amendments behind.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decides, and
unless an appeal is taken from his decision, the
question is not debatable.
Mr. JONES. The substitute of the gentleman
from Kentucky, as now offered, is the Senate bill
with the amendments of the Committee of Ways
and Means, with one or two slight modifications,
I believe.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. As I understand the
present posture of this matter, the substitute which
1 offer is now before the House, together with the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] in relation to the amount. The
gentleman from Texas [Mr. Smyth| desires to
offer his substitute, in order that it may be voted
on, and that he may take the sense of the House
upon it. I am entirely willing that it shall come
in, and will now yield the floor to him.
Mr. MJLLSON. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Kentucky offers an amend-
ment to the bill. The gentleman from Tennessee
offers an amendment to that amendment. Can
there be any further amendment offered by the
gentleman from Texas, or by any other gentle-
man ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that if the
gentleman from Kentucky has offered an Amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, the original
biil may be perfected before the vote is taken upon
that substitute. That has been the practice here,
although the rule is not very specific in regard to it.
Mr. M1LLSON. But can there be more than
two amendments pending at one time in the
House?
The SPEAKER. Not except in that form.
Mr. MILLSON. If not, I object to any fur-
ther amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands, how-
ever, that the gentleman from Texas proposes an
amendment in the nature of a substitute, which is
not in order.
Mr. DISNEY. As I understand the state of
facts now before the House, it is simply this: A
bill from the Senate is pending, to which the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge] of-
fers an amendment. Pending that question, the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] proposes
to amend that proposed amendment. Pending
both those motions, the gentleman from Texas
[Mr. Smytii] proposes another amendment—not
an amendment to the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Tennessee,because that would be
out of order—being an amendment in the third
degree.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decides.
Mr. DISNEY. But the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Texas is to the amendment of
the gentleman from Kentucky, to strike out all of
his amend ment, reserving only some certain words.
Now, it will be remembered that the parliament-
ary law is, that, pending a motion to strike out
any particular portion of the bill or subject-mat-
ter, it is in order first to amend the matter pro-
posed to be stricken out. It will be observed that
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee is an
amendment, in the second degree, to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky,
to wit: proposing to strike out a portion of his
amendment, and it is in order to amend the part
of that amendment proposed to be stricken out.
Hence all the motions are in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order presented by thegentleman from
Ohio, and argues very differently in regard to it.
The gentleman from Kentucky proposes to amend
the bill; the gentleman from Tennessee offers an
amendment to that amendment, and there is an
end of that under the express rule of the House.
The Chair will state, however, that the motion
of the gentleman from Kentucky being to strike
out all after the enacting clause of the original bill,
or to strike out matter of any kind in the original
bill, and insert in lieu thereof, it would be in order
under our rules to perfect the original bill before
the substitute is voted upon. But in no other
form can an amendment, in a degree beyond that
offered by the gentleman from Tennessee, be
admissible under our rules.
Mr. DISNEY. Will the Chair allow me one
word ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be very
happy to hear the gentleman, if it is the will of
he House.
Mr. DISNEY. Suppose that, pending the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky, the
gentleman from Texas had, next in order, pro-
posed to amend that amendment by striking out
all but certain reserved words, and pending that
motion, third in order, the gfentleman from Ten-
nessee had made his motion now pending, would
it not have been in order ?
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Ohio contemplates two, three, and he may run it
up to twenty substitutes, instead of one, and the
Chair stops at one. That is all.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With thepermis-
sion of thegentleman from Kentucky, who has
the floor, I will suggest a course which, I think,
will satisfy those who desire that there shall be a
vote on all the amendments.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I yield to the gen-
tleman for that purpose.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from Kentucky
moves to strike out all of the original bill after the
enacting clause, and to substitute other matter for
it. My amendment is offered to his substitute.
No further amendment, as I think with the Chair,
can be offered to it whilst mine is pending.
The SPEAKER. No further amendment, the
Chair decides, can be offered to the substitute of
the gentleman from Kentucky. But it would be
in order to perfect the original bill which thegen-
tleman from Kentucky proposes to strike out.
Mr. JONES. Then I would suggest to the
gentleman from Texas that, in order to make his
substitute in order, he should move to insert it in
lieu of all of the Senate bill except the last section,
which is as follows:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That this act shall not fake
pfi'ect until it thai! be assented to by an act oftho Legisla-
ture of the State of Texrts, and a copy of the act of paid
State, duly authenticated, deposited m the Treasury De-
partment at Washington.
That section does not conflict at all with his
amendment, and then we shall be able to have a
vote upon his substitute, a vote upon my amend-
ment, and a vote upon the substitute of the gentle-
man from Kentucky. Let the gentleman offer
his amendment in lieu of the first five sections of
the original bill.
Mr. HENN. I ask if this debate is in order?
The SPEAKER. The debate is not strictly in
order.
Mr. HENN. Then I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. SMYTH. I offer my amendment in the
shape suggested by the gentleman from Tennes-
SSMr. SEYMOUR. I would suggest that unan-
imous consent be given for the reception of the
amendment of the gentleman from Texas, and
thereby make it in order. It was certainly the
understanding of the Committee of the Whole
that the gentleman from Texas should have an
opportunity of offering the amendment.
The SPEAKER. In addition to that sugges-
tion, the Chair doubts, upon reflection, whether
