1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
619
The second amendment was to insert m line
nineteen, after the word " Texas," the words:
—"and new certificates issued therefor by said State of
Texas"—
so that the clause would read as follows:
And where any original certificates?, or other evidences of
debt, have been surrendered to the authority of the Stale
of Texas, and new certificates issued therefor by said State
of Texas, such new certificates shall be received as evi-
dences of the original amount of the claim.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The third, fourth, and fifth amendments were
£o insert in section third, line six, after the words
'* United States," the words "and the State of
Texas;" and in the seventh line, after the word
41 debt," to strike out the words " and shall also
indorse upon the 8aid security, or evidence of
debt, a credit for the amount so received by said
holder, in such form as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may prescribe;" and at the end of the section
to strike out the words l< for the benefit of those
whom it may concern, until otherwise directed by
law;" so that the section would read:
Sec. 3. Jlndbc it further enacted, Thatnopaymentshall
be made under this act to any holder of said securities, or
evidences of debt, unless the said holder shall first execute
to the United States a receipt for the said payment, m which
said holder s>hal! forever release allclaim againstthe United
States an<I the State of Texas for or on account of the said
securities, or evidences of debt, and the said certificates,
or other evidences of debt, shall then be deposited with the
Treasury Depaitment.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ments were severally concurred in.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. It is necessary that
an amendment should be made to thefifth section,
in order that it may correspond with the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] and which has been adopted by
the House. I move, therefore, to strike out
"$8,500,000," and to insert in lieu thereof
"$6,550,000."
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The sixth amendment of the Committee of
Way and Means was to add, in the sixth section,
after the words " at Washington," thefollowing:
Nor until the Legislature of the State of Texos shall
pass an act withdiawmg and abandoning all claims and
demands against the United States, growing out of Indian
depredations prior to the admission of said State into tlie
Union.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting, after the word " depre-
dations," the words " or otherwise."
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The question then recurring on the amendment
of the committee, as amended, it was taken; and
decided in the affirmative.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The amendment of-
fered by the Committee of Ways and Means
having been disposed of, I now withdraw the
amendment I offered to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now recurs
upon the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Texas, [Mr. Smyth,] by way of a substi-
tute for the bill.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I call for the
yeas and nays upon that amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence,
and Davis of Indiana, were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported—thirty-seven in the affirmative—a suffi-
cient number.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays;
and resulted—yeas 29, nays 161; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashe, Bell, Bugs, Craige, Disney,
Dunham. Goode, Greenword, Hamilton, Ilaven, Hous-
ton, Roland Jones, Knox, Letcher, McCulloch. Mc-
Dougall. Millson, Bishop Perkins, Phelps Richardson,
Sage, William Smith, George VV. Smyth, Sollers, IJestor
L. Stevens, Teller, Walsh, Wheeler, and Daniel B.
Wright—09.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Appleton, Thomas FI. Bayly, Banks, Barksdale, Barry,
Belcher, Bennett, Benson, Benton, Bliss, Bocock, Bo\re,
Breckinndge, Bridges, Bristovv, Campbell. Carpenter, Ca-
ruthers, Caskie, Chamberlain, Chandler, Chase, Chastam,
Chrisman, Clark, Clingman, Cobb, Cook, Corvvin, Cox,
Crocker, Cullom, Cumming, John G. Davis, Thomas Da-
vis, Dawson, Dick, Dunbar, Eastman, frdgerton, Ed-
mands, Edmundson, Thomas D. Eliot, John M. Elliott,
Ellison, English, Erliendge, Everhart, Fadey, Faulkner,
Fenton, Florence, Franklin,Gamble, Giddim?--, Goodrich,
Goodwin, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Ilailan, Wiley
P. Harris, Hastings, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Hiester,
Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones,
George W. Jone*, J. Glancy Jones, Kent, Kittredge,
Kumz, Lamb. Lane, Latham, Lewis, Lillv, Lmdsley,
Macdonald, McMullin, McNair. McQueen, Mace, Matte-
son, Maurice, May, Mayall, Meacham, Middleswarih,
Smith Miller, Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Nichols, Nor-
ton, Andrew Oiivei, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packei, Parker,
Peck, Peckham, Pennington, Phillip*, Pratt, Preston,
Piingle, Purycar, Ready, Reese, Thomas Ritcbey, Rob-
bins, Rowe, Ruffln, Russell, Sabm, Sapp, Seward, bhan-
non, Shaw, Shower, Simmons, Singleton, Skelton, Wii
ham R. Smith, Frederick P. Stanton. Stratton, Straub,
Andrew Stuart, David Stuart, John J.Taylor, John L.
Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Tracy, Trout,
Tweed, Upham, Vansant. Wade, Walker, Walley, Elhlm
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, John Went-
worth, Tappan Wentworth, Westbiook, Witte, Hendrick
B. Wright, Yates, and Zolhcofler —101.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PRINGLE. I move to reconsider the
vote by which, m the sixth line of the third sec-
tion, was inserted the words " and State of
Texas." I think .the amendment was adopted
inconsiderately. I do not suppose that we wish
Congress to assist Texas to deprive her creditors
of any part of their just debts.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 inquire whether the
words cannot be stricken out by unanimous con-
sent?
The SPEAKER. They can.
Mr. SMYTH, of Texas. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then the ques-
tion will be upon the motion to reconsider.
The question was put; and the motion to re-
consider was agreed to.
Mr, CAMPBELL. Will it now be in orderto
move to strike out those words? They were evi-
dently inserted by the committee by mistake.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The motion to
reconsider having been carried, the question re-
curs upon adopting those words as* an amend-
ment. If the House refuses to do so, then they
are disposed of.
The question was taken upon the amendment;
and it was not agreed to.
The question then being, " Shall the bill be
read a third time?" it was put, and agreed to.
The bill was accordingly read a third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move the pre-
vious question upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. SAGE. 1 demand the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and resulted—
yeas 153, nays 43; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willi-; Allen, Appleton, Thomas II. Bayly, Banks, Barks-
dale, Barry, Benson, Benton, Bliss, Bocock, Boyco, Breck-
inridge, Bridges, Bristow, Brooks, Bngg, Campbell, Car-
penter. Caruthers, Chandler, Chase, Ch':i*tain, Chrisman,
Clark, Chngman, Cobb, Corwin, Cox, Crocker, Cullom,
Cumniiiifr,CurtH, John G Davi«, Thomas Davis, Dawt-on,
Dick, Dunbar, Dunham, Eastman, Eddy, Edmands, Ed-
mundson. Thomas 1). Eliot, Ellison, Etheridge, Everhart,
Farley, Faulkner, Fenton, Flagler, Franklin, Fuller, Gam-
ble, Goode, Goodrich, Green, Greenwood, Cicy, Grow,
Anron Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Wiley P. Harris, Hast-
ings, Hibbard, Hiester, Hill, /Iillyer, Howe, Hushes, John-
son, Daniel T. Jones, (Jeoige W. Jones, J. Clancy Jones,
Rol.ind Ji'iie-. Kent, Kerr, Ktttredge, Kuriz, Latham,
McCulloch, Macdonald, MeDougall, McMullin, MeNau,
Maxwell, May, Mayall, Meacham, Middieswarih, Smith l
Miller, Mmiav, NichoN, Norton, Old*, Mordecai Oiivei,
Orr, Packer, Parker, John Purkin*,Phillips PraU, Preston,
Pnngle, Pnryear, Heady, Ree-e. Richard*on, Riddle, David
Ritchie, Thomas'Patchev, Robbins, Uowe, Russell, Sabm,
rtajie, Seward, Scvmour, Shannon, Shaw, Simmon-*, Sin-
gleton, Skelton, William'Smith. William R. Smith, Richard
J I. Stanton, Stratton. Straub, David Stuart, Juhn J. Taylor,
John L.Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Tellet, Thu'sum,
Trout,Tweed, Upham, Vans-ant, Walker, Waliey, Warren,
l-rael Washburn, WeIN, John Wenuvorth, Tanpan Went-
worth, Weslbook, Wheeler, Witte, Daniel B. Wright,
Hendnck B. Wright, and Z'dhcofler—'53.
NAYS—A-she, Belcher, Bell, Bennett, Cham-
berlain, Craige, Disnev, Edgerton, English, Florence Gid-
dwg*, Goodwin, Hamilton, Haven, Hendricks, Henn,
Hunt, Knn.x, Lamb. Letcher, Lewi*, Lindsley, MeQueen,
Mace, Mauoon, Mauricc, Millson, Morgan, Morrison,
Andrew Oliver, Peck, Peckham, Pennington, Bu-hop Per-
kins, Phelps, Powell, Ruftin, Sapp, Shower, George W.
Smyth, Hestor L. Stevens, Elhhu B. Washburne, and
Yates—43.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the call of the yeas and nays,
Mr. NOBLE said: Mr. Harrison, of Ohio,is
absent on account of sickness m his family. I
have paired off with him. I should otherwise have
voted against the bill, and he would have voted in
favor of it.
Mr. ELLIOTT, of Kentucky, also stated that
he was without the bar of the House when his
name was called, and had he been in his seat he
should have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
QUESTION OF ORDER.
Mr. HENN. A few days ago we passed a res-
olution making the Texas bill the special order for
yesterday only. When, however, wecame to act
under the resolution we found that it was not
drawn up according to the understanding of the
House. On Monday last we passed two other
resolutions of a similar character, one making
business of a general nature reported from the
Committee on the Judiciary, the special order for
to-morrow; and the other making business of a
general character reported from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, the special orderforTuesday next.
I wish to say to the House that it was the under-
standing of the House, at the time those resolu-
tions were passed, that they related to general
business only, and yet, a day or two since, reports
were made from those committees of matters of
a private character, for the purpose of having
them acted on, on the days specified.
It was also understood that the special orders
were made for one day only, for the business from
each committee, yet I understand that the resolu-
tions areso worded as to make those matters special
orders until disposed of. 1 propose, therefore, to
settle the matter now, before we come to act under
the resolutions, by adopting a resolution which I
send to the Clerk's desk.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Resolved, That the resolution adopted by the House on
the i>th instant be, and the same hereby i*,so consirued as
to allow one day only for the consideration of business of
a general chaiacter reported by the Committee on the Ju-
dteiaiy, and one day only for the consideration of business
of a general character reported by the Committee on Naval
Affairs, anything contained in &aid resolutions to the con-
trary notwithstanding,
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. I object to
the introduction of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
resolution is not in order.
THE TARIFF BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON". I now move to suspend the
rules, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. I will say to the House that, if the rules
are suspended, and we go into committee, my
purpose is to move to take up the bill reducing the
duties upon imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. HIESTER. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BOYCE. 1 would ask the gentleman from
Alabama if he does not consider this a test vote in
reference to taking up the tariff bill?
Mr. HOUSTON". I should like £o have it con-
sidered a test vote.
The question was then taken; and resulted--
yeas 104, nays 97; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, Appleton, Ashe,Thomas U. Bayly, Banks,
Barksdale, Barry, Belcher, Benton, Bliss, Boyce, Breck-
inridge, Brooks, Caskie, Chpmberlam, Ohas'tain, Clark,
Chngman, Cobb,Craige,Cumming,Cutting,John G Davits,
Disney, Dunham, Eddy, Edgerton, EdmaiuU, Edmund-ou,
ThoriiikS D. Eliot, John M. Elliott, Ellison. Faulkner. Ful-
ler, Goode, Goodrich, Green, Greenwood, Grey. Giow,
Hamilton, Andrew J. Harlan, Wiley P. Harris,"Hastings,
Hendricks. Uenn, llibbatd, Houston, Johnson, Darnel T.
Jones, Gfiorge W. Jones, Roland Jones, Kiett, Kerr, Kitt-
redge, Lamb, Latham, Letcher, Lewi*, McMullin, Ms-
Queen. Maurice, Maxwell, May, Millson, Morrison, Mur-
ray, Nit'hote, Noble, Old?, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Peck,
Peckham, Bishop Perkins, John Peikins. Phelps. Phillips,
P:att, Richardson, Thomas Ritchey, Ruffin, Shannon,
Shaw, Shower, Singleton, William Smith, William R.
Smith, George W. Smyth, Richard H. Stanton, Hestor L.
Stevens. Andrew Stuart, Upham, Waibudge, Walley,
Walsh, Warren, Wells, John Wentvvortli, Wheeler, and
Daniel B. Wright-104.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Bell, Dennett, Benson, Bridges,
Bristovv, Bu™, Campbell, Carpenter, Carulhers, Chandler,
Chase, Cook, Corwin, Cox, Crocker, Cullom, Curns,
Thomas Davn, Dawson, Dick, Dunbar, Eastman, Ethe-
ridge, Everhart, Farley, Fenton, Flagler, Florence, Frank-
lin, Gamble, Goodwin, Aaron Harlan, Haven, Hitter,
Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Ingersoll. J. Glancy Jones,
Knox, Kurtz, Lilly, Lindslev, McCulloch, Macdonald,
McDougall, McNair, Mace, Matteson, Mayall, Meacham,
MiddJe&warth, Smith Miller, Morgan, Norton, Mordecai
Oliver. Packer, Parker, Pennington, Preston, Pririgle, Pnr-
year, Reese, David Ritchie, Robbins, Roeve, Russell, Sabm,
Sage, Sapp, Seward, Seymour, Simmons, Skelton, Strauon,
Straub, Joiin J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G.
