1855,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
621
from California, is not the case of a deposition
taken according to law; for, if taken according to
law, it could be read. But it is the case of the
taking of a deposition according to a law which
has been repealed, and the party does not know
that it has been repealed.
Mr. WELLER. You give him no time to
know of the repeal of the law.
Mr. BADGER. I am willing to put in an ex-
ception so far as California is concerned.
Mr. WELLER. I do not ask for a special
provision m favor of California.
Mr. BAYARD. I would suggest a proviso
that the bill should take effect from and after the
first Monday of April.
Mr. BADGER. I move the reference of the
bill to the Committee on the Judiciary. I sup-
pose there will be a general acquiescence in that.
Mr. MASON. Before that question is taken I
have a word to say. I did not suppose that the
honorable Senator from North Carolina, who is
certainly among the best, if not the oldest lawyer
in the Senate, should be an advocate for so violent
an innovation upota the existing law—a law that
has been upon the statute-book now ab iirbe con-
duct almost, and not complained of that I know of
anywhere—[Mr. Badger: Complained of eveiy-
where]—but which he proposes to amend in this
summary manner, conceiving it a case requiring
immediate interference, although it has existed for
eeventy or eighty years, with the knowledge, and,
as 1 understand, with the admission, that it will
work harshly and injuriously, without any reason
for it, upon pending litigation. I did not expect
that from one who has shown himself, in every
instance on this floor, an advocate for the stabil-
ity of our institutions and our laws.
Sir, I agree with the honorable Senator that the
proposed amendment will be a judicious, a wise
and ahighly expedient one; but. that he should,in
order to attain it immediately, put suitors to the
extraordinary expense to which many of them will
be put, if depositions taken without knowledge
of the law shall be found to be illegal, is a matter
which I confess somewhat surprises me. We
have been told by the honorable Senator fiom
California, that to take a deposition in California
is no light matter. It is an expensive process. It
costs a good deal of money. I dare say that, to
send from the State of the honorable Senator from
North Carolina, or my State, to take a deposition
in California, in a litigation pending in either State,
would amount to very nearly one hundred dollars.
In order that this evil, which has been, so far as
I am informed, uncompiained of forseventy years,
may be remedied immediately, he will inflict ail this
injustice on suitors who have litigation pending.
I submit to Slim, with all respect, that to make the
bill have effect from the first of June next, as I
understand is proposed by the Senator from Ohio,
would answer every end and avoid this injustice.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I am not at
all surprised that the Senator from Virginia is sur-
prised at the notions which I entertain on this
subject, because it has been my lot often to differ
from that gentleman, and very frequently upon
subjects which concerned what I believed the best
interests of this country, and the most important
matters connected with the just and proper admin-
istration of this Government; but I did expect
that the honorable Senator would agree with him-
self through one speech. He objects, in the first
place, to my proposition, because it is to interfere
with a time-honored system, a provision that has
existed ab urbe condita, and which has never been
complained of, as he says; and then before the
Senator takes his seat, he admits that the alteration
which 1 proposed to make in thia time-honored
system, existing ab urbe condita, and never com-
plained of, is a very wise and judicious one. Now,
sir, if we are to pay any of the respect of which th e
Senator speaks, to the time during which this pro-
vision has existed, why interfere with it at all r If
the period of time from 1789 down to the present
day is a period during which this system has ex-
isted, of taking depositions against adversaries
without notice to them, of reading ex parte affidavits,
thus breaking down the fundamental principle, not
only of the common law, but of all law, that a man
has a right to cross-examine a witness, and to be
present when he gives his testimony, and generally
to have him face to face in the court where his evi-
dence is to operate. If, I say, this long continued
practice, this commencement and prosecution of
that system to the present day, is to have the effect
of giving to it the confidence and veneration due
to age and long experience, why is the Senator
willing to interfere with it at all? He has no hesi-
tation in saying that it ought to be interfered with.
Then what becomes of all his respect forantiquity,
and his regard for long-continued usage? Why,
sir, it is all gone.
Well, then, what is the Senator's objection to
this bill? It is that a man who has taken a deposi-
tion may be put to an expense of $100 in taking
it over again. Now, what is the inconvenience
on the other side? That deposition, a mere ex
parte affidavit, and a stereotyped deposition, as the
Supreme Court, in the case to which I referred,
characterized those depositions about the collision,
may be used to deprive a fellow-citizen of prop-
erty to the amount of $100,QOi). In order to pre-
vent the inconvenience of a man paying $100 for
taking a deposition over again, you are to have
an ex parte sfiidavit read in court, against all the
provisions of justice, under this exceptional pro-
vision in statute, which has been constantly com-
plained of, and which has induced the Judges of
the Supreme Court to exercise a scrutiny of the
most strict and technical kind over all the forms,
however minute, with regard to these depositions,
feeling the impropriety of allowing them to be read
without notice to the party, and induced them to
set them aside whenever there is the smallest de-
viation from the prescribed forms and requisites
of the statute. Sir, it seems to me that the two
evils are not to compare with each other. The
evil that a man may possibly spend §100 in taking
a deposition over again; and the other evil thatan
ex parte affidavit may be read to deprive the op-
posite party of property to an indefinite amount—
$100,000 or more.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I rise to a question of
order. Is this the proper mode of consuming the
morning hour?
Mr. BADGER. I admit it is not.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from North
Carolina asked unanimous consent to introduce
his bill; the Chair stated the question and nobody
objected; the bill is, therefere, before the Senate,
and the pending question is oil the motion of the
Senator from North Carolina to refer it to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from North Carolina has shown himself
a very sharp logician; but in the earnestness
which belongs to logicians of that class, I think
he has been disposed to attain a victory at the
expense of candor and frankness. He says it is
remarkable that, in a very short speech, I was un-
able to avoid, contradicting myself The case
which he puts is, that, when I stated this law to
have been upon the statute-book for some seventy
or eighty years uncompiained of, I, at the same
time, admitted that it would be wise and expedient
to modify it; and thence the Senator would draw
the conclusion that, although it may be wise and
expedient to remove an evil to which we have
been subjected for seventy or eighty years, it is a
contradiction to suppose that that should not be
done at the expense of gross injustice to those
who have suits pending in the courts. That is the
contradiction to which his logic has brought him. j
Now, sir, I say again, this law has been long i
on the statute-book, so far as 1 am aware, uncom- j
plained of. 1 am not aware that any petition or
memorial of any kind whatever has ever come
i from the people or the bar asking that it should
' be remedied. I should infer, therefore, that the
grievance, if it be one, is comparatively slight. I
admit that it ought to be remedied; but i submit
to that honorable Senator, when the sober second
thought comes to him of doing justice to all upon
whom this bill may operate, whether it would not
be harsh, without a call, to put ihem to the unne-
cessary expense of taking expensive depositions
a second time, that he might be indulged m having
the law immediately repealed. That would be
the consequence.
Mr. BADGER. The honorable Senator from
Virginia has not avoided the difficulty into which
he says my logic placed him. It may have been
i wanting in candor, but, if so, it is not my fault.
! I did not make his argument.
Mr. MASON. You misstated it.
Mr. BADGER.. I did nothingin the world but
draw a conclusion from it which the Senator him-
self oueht to have drawn. The Senator spoke
of the length of timethatthis law had stood,and,
therefore, he was against making the immediate
change. Well, sir, if the law had stood but ten
years, but five years, but three years, but one
year, his argument would be equally clear against
the immediate change; because he would have had
just as much right to say, upon the law which had
stood three years, that it was wrong to put a party
to the inconvenience and expense of taking a de-
position over again, as if the law had stood for
seventy years; for the inconvenience of the party
is obliging him to go to expense in order to con-
form to a newly passed law. _ When, therefore,
the Senator invoked the antiquity of the law, tha
long time in which it commanded the public sup-
pott and approbation, it must have been for the
purpose, as I supposed, of giving some degree of
strength, and value, and respect to the provision
of law which it is proposed to repeal. But, how-
ever, the Senator says I was mistaken about that,
and, therefore, I willingly withdraw it.
Mr. ADAMS. I respectfully submit to my
friend from North Carolina the propriety of a
compromise in this case. There seems to be no
difference of opinion as to the propriety of the
passage of the bill; but there does seem to be a
conflict of views as to the time at which it shall
take effect. I wish to suggest to my friend from
North Carolina to accept a proviso to make it
take effect from the first day of May next. I
think no inconvenience can result from that; and
then let us pass the bill, and not be troubled yuth
it any more.
Mr. BADGER. I assure my friend from Mis-
sissippi that I am always ready for a compro-
mise; and I believe I was more strongly in favor
of compromises some years ago than he was; but
I will not be (as I thought the Senator from Vir-
ginia was, though i hnU X was mistaken) incon-
sistent. 1 will, therefore, agree to the amendment
suggested by the Senator from Mississippi, and
withdraw the motion to refer.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Chase] has sent to the Chair this amend-
ment:
Provided, That this aci shall not take effect before the
first ot June nexu -
Mr. BADGER." Say May."'
Mr. CHASE. I prefer this form:
Pro Med, That nothing in this act shall affect any depo-
sition already taken, or which may be taken under exist-
ing provisions of iavv before the first day ot May next.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in. The bill was orderedto
be engrossed for a third reading, was read a third
time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills:
A bill for the relief of the heirs-at-Iaw of V/il- .
liam Van Wart, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Don B. Juan Domcrcq.a
Spanish subject;
A bill to amend the act making appropriations
for the improvement of certain harbors and rivers,
approved August 30, 1859; and
A bill to change the appropriation for the erec-
tion of a building in the city of Milwaukie, for a
custom-house, post office, and United States court.
PETITIONS.
Mr. MALLORY presented the memorial
W. C. Dennis, engaged in the manufacture fd
salt, praying the imposition of a specific duty' oa
foreign salt; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Re-
becca Halsey, widow of a revolutionary officer,
praying to be allowed a pension; which was re-
ferred to rhp Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am requested to present
the petition of the Board of Trade of the city of
Chicago, praying for the passage of a law to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to dispose
of the site selected for a post office and custom-
house, and other buildings in Chicago, which was
! secured under a late act of Congress for that pur-
i pose, and to select a new site, in a more central
J part of the city. I ask its reference to the Com-
I mitteeon Commerce; and I may be permitted to
1 remark that I am under the impression tnat the site
I selected is not convenient and central for the trade
