622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
and business of the city, and that I hope we shall
have a favorable report on the petition. -
It was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
PETITION WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDSj it was
Ordered, That the petition of Sylvester Churchill, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. "
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAWSON", from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
memorial of the Board of Managers of the Wash-
ington National Monument Society, praying the
aid of Government in the completion of the mon-
ument now being erected in the city of Washing-
ton, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of John Foy, praying
to be reimbursed for damages done to his house,
in Washington city, by reason of the construc-
tion of certain works by the Government, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon.
He also, from the same committee to whom
was referred the memorial of 8. F. Watson,
Rsking compensation for removing earth and lev-
eling the same from Maryland avenue to Virginia
avenue, in the city of Washington, reported ad-
versely thereon, and asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. TOUCEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the memorial of
citizens of Massachusetts, praying the imposition
of a head tax on all foreign immigrants, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of citizens of Massachu-
setts, praying the passage of a law prohibiting
the employment of officers of the Army in civil
occupations, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs; which was
agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
William S. Oliver, praying a pension, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
which was read and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed,
JOINT RESOLUTION" INTRODUCED.
Mr. SLIDELL asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a joint
resolution in relation to the New Oileans custom-
house; which was read twice by it? title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
ARMY MEDICAL STAFF.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following: resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs bo in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing, by
Jaw, such regulations lor the examination of applicants for
admission to ihe medical staff of the Army, as uiay, wiihout
injuiy to ihe public service, secure, us nearly as possible,
<qual facilities to member* of the medical profession ie-
sidiw* in oilier parts of the Union wiih those that are now
enjoyed by residents of the Atlantic States.
NAVY MEDICAL APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
""Wit, and agreed to:
*.tsolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in
strucftd to inquire into the expediency of establishing, by
Jaw, such regulations for the examination of applicants fur
admission to medical appointments in the Navy, as may
without injury to the public service, secure, as nearly as
possible, equal facilities to members of the medical profes-
sion residing in other parts of the Union, with those that are
cow enjoyed by residents of th« Atlantic buttes<
REBECCA HINTON.
Mr. TOUCEY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred the
petition of Thomas "VV. Powell and Emory Moore,
praying relief against a bail bond, to report a
joint resolution for the relief of Rebecca Hinton.
There can be no opposition to it, and I ask for its
immediate consideration.
The joint resolution was read twice by unani-
mous consent, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It will authorize the United States
district attorney for the District of Ohio, to settle
a suit pending in the circuit court against the batl
of Otho Hinton, and to discharge the bail bond
upon the payment of $1,000, and the taxable costs
of the suit.
A Senator. What are the facts ?
Mr. TOUCEY. The report of the Committee
is very short. Let it be read.
The report was read, from which it appears
that at the term of the circuit court of the United
States in Ohio, in July, 1850, Otho Hinton was
indicted for purloining a letter with a small draft,
from the mail; but in 1851, the petitioners gave
bail for his appearance in $ 10,000. Rebecca, his
wife, having a separate estate of $9,000 in the
hands of a trustee for her use for life, remainder
to her two daughters, was induced to join with
the daughters and the trustee in conveying it to
the bail for their security, in order to relieve her
husband from imprisonment. Her husband fled
beyond the jurisdiction of the United States, for-
feited the bail bond, and subjected his wife and
daughters to the loss of an estate, which was not
derived from him, but was a provision made by
the friends of the wife. Their only object was
to enable him to prepare for his defense.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
The report was ordered to be printed.
RECIPROCITY TREATY.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate take
up for consideration the bill to amend " an act to
carry into effect a treaty between the United States
and "Great Britain," signed on the 5th June, 1854,
and approved August 5, 1854. It is necessary to
carry out the recommendations of the President's
message, and will justify and sanction what has
already been done by the Treasury Department.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
From and after the date when the reciprocity
treaty of the 5th June, 1854, shall go into effect,
the Secretary of the Treasury will be required to
refund to the several persons entitled thereto, such
sums of money as shall have been collected as
duties on " fish of all kinds, the products of fish,
and of all other creatures living in the water," im-
ported into the United States from and after the 11th
of September, 1854, the date of the promulgation
by the President of the United States of the treaty,
on proof, satisfactory to the Secretary, that the
articles were the products of some one of the Bri-
tish provinces of New Brunswick, Canada, Nova
Scotia, Newfoundland, or Prince Edward's Island,
and imported therefrom into the United States and
duties duly paid thereon, which have not been
refunded on export; and to cancel, on like satisfac-
tory proof, any warehouse bonds to secure the
duties that may have been given for any of the
articles imported; to refund to the persons entitled
thereto, such sums of money as shall have been
collected as duties on any of the articles enumer-
ated in the schedule annexed to the third article of
the treaty imported into the United States from
the British provinces ofCanada, New Brunswick,
and Nova Scotia, respectively, since the date of
the acts of their respective Governments admitting
like articles into the provinces from the United
States free of duty, on satisfactory proof that the
articles were the products of Canada, New Bruns-
wick, or Nova Scotia, as the case may be, and im-
ported therefrom into the United States, and that
the duties were duly paid thereon; and to cancel
from and after the date the treaty shall go into efTect,
like satisfactory proof, any warehouse bonds to on
secure duties which may have been given for any of
the articlesimportcd. liewillbe invested with the
same power to refund the duties or cancel the ware-
house bonds or, any of the articles enumerated in
the treaty; the produceof Prince Edward's Island
or Newfoundland, on the treaty going into opera-
tion, should it be proved to his satisfaction that they
have admitted all of the articles enumerated in the
treaty from the United States free of duty, prior
to the treaty going into operation.
Mr. SEW ARD. I send to the Chair the cor-
respondence with the Department on this subject.
I shall not call for its reading unless some Senator
requires it. I will barely state that it is a measure
which is recommended by the President. When
the duties have been remitted by the provinces on
their side, the bill will authorize them to be re-
mitted on our side.
Mr. HUNTER. Have all the provinces ac-
ceded to the treaty ?
Mr. SEWARD. No sir; two of them have
not yet done so; but the bill provides that there
shall be a remission on our side, exactly equal to
that on the other side.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. JAMES. Iam authorized by the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office, to report
back to theSenate the report of the Commissioner
of Patents on arts and manufactures, and recom-
mend the printing of twenty-five thousand copies
for the use of the Senate, and two thousand for
the Patent Office.
The report of the committee was concurred in.
Mr. JAMES. I am also directed to recom-
mend the printing of fifty thousand copies of the
Agricultural part of the report, for the use of the
Senate, and five thousand for the Patent'Office.
Mr. JOHNSON. These recommendations
come from the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent Office. These subjects are usually referred to
the Committee on Printing. I stated once before
that I would not consent to the passage of any-
thing of this kind without calling for its reference
to that committee. In this instance the matter
has been informally submitted to it; and that is
the reason why I do not call for its reference. The
majority of the committee are in favor of adopting
the order which the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office call for.
Mr. JAMES. It is for the very reason stated
by the Senator, that the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office have made the report as they
have done.
The report was concurred in.
AMBROSE RIOPEL.
Mr. PETT1T. The Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of Hyacinth Riopel, guardian, &c., have instruct-
ed me to report a bill for the relief of Hyacinth
Riopel and others, heirs and assignees of Ambrose
Riopel deceased. A bill for the same purpose has
passed both Houses heretofore, at different times,
and been reported upon both by theCommittee on
Private Land Claims and the Committee on the
Judiciary. It is a bill in which my friend, the
senior Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] feels
some solicitude. I hope it will be put upon its
passage.
The bill was read twice by unanimous consent,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It will confirm to the heirs and assigns a claim
of the deceased to two hundred and twenty acres
and seventy perches, or thereabouts, of land in
Michigan.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading. It was read the third time,
and passed.
ALABAMA ACCOUNTS.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill to settle cer-
tain accounts between the United States and the
State of Alabama, have directed me to report it
back and recommend its passage. It is in accord-
ance with the opinion of the Commissioner of
Public Lands.
Mr. CLAY. I ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate to consider that bill now. 1 am sure I have
consumed as little of the public time as any other
Senator, and I hope the Senate will indulge me in
this matter.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill; by which the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office will be re-
| quired to state an account between the United
| States and the State of Alabama, for the purpose
j of ascertaining what sum or sums of money are
| due to the said State, heretofore unsettled, under
I the sixth section of the act of March 2, 1819,
| for the admission of Alabama into the Union; and
| to include in the account the several reservations
I under the various treaties with the Chickasaw,
Choctaw, and Creek Indians, within the limits of
Alabama, and allow and pay to the State five per
cent, thereon, as in case of other sales.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading. It was read the third time, and passed.
