THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1855.
New Series....No, 40.
the members of this great Confederacy, if you
will continue to inflict upon us the burdens which
you escaped.
| But we are not asking you to remit the duties.
We do not ask it—not because we do not believe
■ it would be right to do so, but we only ask what
! is absolutely essential to the existence of the rail-
i road interest. If you maintain this system, ac-
1 cording to all the testimony we have, it is obvious
that many of these works of internal improvement
must be suspended. Let me give you a case in
point that falls under my personal knowledge. A
road is under construction now which is to con-
nect the southern and Atlantic seaboard with the
Mississippi. It is the first road that is likely to
be constructed there. I refer to the road from
Memphis to Charleston, to connect with Rich-
mond, and on to Philadelphia and New York.
That road has been under construction for five
years, but the resources ofits individual subscrib-
ers, and the energies of the company have been
exhausted. The States have come to the rescue,
and my own State has contributed largely for the
accomplishment of the work. Yet, sir, struggling
under the price of iron, paying $60 or $70 a ton,
we are called upon in the next sixty days to raise
the amount of §127,000 of taxes to be paid on the
iron. Yes, sir, in the next sixty days they are
compelled, at the sacrifice of their means, or at
the sacrifice of their credit, to pay to the Treasury
of the United States $127,000, by way of duty,
imposed by a wise and beneficent Government
upon the labor, the toil, and industry of the
people. If they can ge' a credit for two or three
years upon that $127,000, they can go forward to
the completion of their road, and at its completion
they will be in a condition to pay $200,000 with
greater facility and with more ease than they now
Can pay $127,000. They ask the Senate to give
them a credit for three years, that they may go
on and construct their road; and when it is con-
structed I say they will be able and willing to pay
it. That is but a specimen of many other roads
which 1 might mention, but I allude to this because
I have a personal knowledge of the fact, which
Was communicated to me by the president of the
road.
Now, Mr. President, I submit to you, under
all the circumstances that surround us, struggling
as we are, in every portion of the country, labor-
ing in all the newer States to build up a fortune,
and to strengthen the ties that bind us together,
and to develop the resources of the country by
adding to its wealth, to its prosperity, to its great-
ness and glory, when I come forward and submit
to you a proposition to give a credit for three
years on the duties, in order that the companies
may rid themselves of embarrassment, do you
deny it? Can you find it in your heart, or in
your consciences, to deny them the poor pittance
which they ask—a simple credit, and that upon
the obligation that they shall give a bond for pay-
ing the money? Can you refuse it, when your
Treasury is overflowing, and you are buying up
your securities to-day at an advance of twenty
per cent., when they are not due for years to
come? While you are doing that, you are levy-
ing a tax of thirty per cent, on the labor and toil,
ar.d industry of the people. That may be wis-
dom, but I confess I do not think it is. It may
be a wise and judicious policy for an intelligent
Government which seeks to develop its resources
in all its departments—which seeks to give charac-
ter and dignity to it—which seeks to advance its
fortunes in every sense, physical, moral, and
political; but I confess I am not able to see it.
With this simple statement of the facts, I submit
the question to the Senate, and shall abide the
decision.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Although, not very well
prepared, I feel it to be my duty to submit a few
remarks on the subject now under consideration.
Notwithstanding the able and ingenious argument
which the honorable Senator from Tennessee has
presented, I cannot yield my assent to the measure.
I think it is violative of principle, and of the set-
tled revenue policy of the Government. It is
40
unjust and ungenerous—though not so intended
by the Senator, and ultimately it will be injurious
to the consumers of railroad iron, themselves.
Before proceeding, Mr. President, to sustain
these propositions, I have a few preliminary re-
marks to make in reply to some points made by
my friend from Tennessee. For several years
past it has been evident that the railroad interest
is one of the most powerful combinations of cap-
ital and energy m this country. I find that in
New York there have been meetings of railroad
gentlemen who propose to send committees here,
and one of their committees has issued a circular
in which they call upon the differentrailroad com-
panies to furnish them with a contribution of $100
each; and to give them five percent on the amount
of the duties which may be remitted.
At a meeting held in Richmond on the 5th and
6th December, of all the State proxies, presidents,
directors, chief engineers, and superintendents in
the State, the following resolution, offered by a
Mr. Garnett, was passed:
"Resolved, That we do urge on our Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress, the propriety of taking prompt
measures to secure the passage of an act to refund lo rail-
road companies all duties paid by tlicm on railroad iron Mrice
March 4,18.">1, ; rift to reduce the duty on railroad iron here-
after imported."
Such, Mr. President, is the powerful interest
which is formed throughout the country to put
down one great branch of American industry, for
the benefit of railroad corporations anil railroad
companies; and these gentlemen, according to the
New York circular, are to have five per cent, upon
all the duties they may succeed in causing to be
remitted.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator mean to
say that the gentlemen who signed that memorial
are to have five per cent?
Mr. BRODHEAD. By no means. I allude
to the circular which is signed by five gentlemen
in New York. I have it here.
Mr. SEWARD. Read it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Thecircularis dated New
York, March 21, 1854; and among other things,
it says:
"To make provisions for the expenses unavoidably in-
cident to the pioseeution of tlie measure, it was agreed at
the meeting, that each company coming into the arrange-
ment should advance for lliib purpose the, sum of PI 00; and
that, in case of success, there should be paid by each com-
pany to the committee, for the turther expenses that may
be incurred, and as a compensation for their nine and ser-
vices, (in addition to the above advance,) five per cent, on
the amount of duty remitted, or which may be saved to
such company, on railroad iron heretofore imported by it,
or winch it may import or contract for prior to July 1, 1855,
by the passage of the law or laws repealing, remitting, or
suspending for a limited time, the duty on such iron."
The circular is signed: S. F. Vinton, Noah S.
Wilson, John Stryker, Geo. Ashmun, H. V.
Poor, committee.
It will be seen that I was correct in saying that
they are to have an allowance of five per centum
on the amount that may be remitted. The duty
paid on railroad iron per annum amounts to be-
tween $3,000,000 and §4,000,000; hence these gen-
tlemen wili receive, if they succeed, about $200,000.
In alluding to this, I do not intend to intimate that
any Senator, or member of the House of Repre-
sentatives, would be improperly influenced. I use
it for the purpose of showing that there is a com-
bination of capital and energy for the purpose of
obtaining a suspension or the entire repeal of the
duties on railroad iron; and, Mr. President, say
what you please about the measure now under
consideration, which proposes to give a credit of
three years upon the duties on railroad iron, it is
a proposition to take off the duty. The duties on
railroad iron for Hie last three years have been, and
for the next three years wtll be, about 412,000,000;
and that amount will be remitted under tins bill,
for, though bonds may be given, the amount will
never be collected. Weall know that. 11 is, there-
fore, a proposition to give a bonus of §13,000,000
to those who are now engaged in constructing
railroads. If that is proper, why not return the
$12,000,000 to those who have constructed rail-
roads within the last three years? Surely, sir, if
those who are now about to construct railroads,
when the price of railroad iron is from fifteen to
twenty dollars less per ton than it was last year,
are to be relieved to the amount of $13,000,000,
those who have paid the duty when the price was
high, have an equal or a superiorclaim upon your
justice to the amount which they have paid; and
those who have laid their roads with American
rails will also have an equitable right to ask for
the amount per mile of duties on foreign iron
which will be given to other companies if this bill
should pass.
The honorable Senator from Tennessee alleges
that, if the railroad companies are not relieved, the
great railroad interests will be seriously affected.
Now, sir, who are entitled to the most consider-
ation at the hands of Congress—those who are
engaged in a great branch of American industry,
or those who brought the present crisis upon
us? Those who are engaged in the railroad
interests of the country are not entitled to especial
and particular favor at the hands of Congress, for
they have brought this crisis upon us. They have
given their bonds in Europe for railroad iron,
running up, to a fearful amount, the foreign in-
debtedness against us. Thus, they have with-
drawn our specie from other legitimate branches
of commerce; and now they propose to issue other
bonds, that they may pass their iron through the
custom-house without the payment of the duties.
How is it with those who are engaged in the
manufacture of iron, and especially of railroad
iron? This is the second proposition of this kind
which has been made. In 1844, it was made by
a then Senator from Maine; and why? Because
there were no persons engaged in the manufacture
of railroad iron in this country ? That was the
great argument then used; but, sir, in 1845 that
great enterprise was commenced here. It re-
quired skill, it required labor, it required great
energy, it required a large amount of capital, and
$10,000 ,000 have been invested in it.
The Senator from Tennessee says that unless
this relief be granted, the great railroad enterprise
will have to stop. I tell him, sir, that the great
enterprise which has been engaged in this country
in making railroad iron will have to stop if he
succeeds. What will be the effect? He informed
the Senate that, from 1824 to 1844, almost all the
railroads in the older States were constructed.
That is true, but they paid much higher for their
iron when there was no duty on it than the honor-
able Senator can purchase it for now. They were
pioneers in this great enterprise; those who are
now engaged in it are mere imitators. Those who
engaged in it in my own State, at an early day,
paid down their money and their capital; they
risked it all; but how is it now with those who are
engaged in making railroads? Why, sir, they
attempt to do it by " kiting" on bonds given for
their railroad irsn, on bonds given at the custom-
house, and on bonds given to contractors. That
is what has produced this state of affairs in the
country.
In the spring of 1853, I undertook, in a few
remarks which I then submitted to the Senate, to
foretell the present state of things. I submitted a
resolution calling upon the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to furnish the Senate, at its meeting in
December 1853, with the amount of our foreign
indebtedness. He did so, and look at the fearful
result which has been run up against us by these
railroad companies, draining from us our gold
and silver.
The total amount of railroad stocks was
$309,893,967; the total amount of railroad bonds
was $170,111,552. The total amount of stocks and
bonds was $480,005,519. Railroad stocks held by
foreigners amounted to $8,244,000; and railroad
bonds held by foreigners amounted to $43,888,752;
making stocks and bonds held by foreigners
$52,132,752; and that is a mere approximation.
JL'hts is the amount of foreign indebtedness upon
railroad account alone. The whole amount of
foreign indebtedness is over $225,000,000, accord-
ing to the documents to which I have before re-
ferred. Yea, sir, the amount of indebtedness on
railroad account is much larger than I have stated,
