1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
631
Mr. MILLSON. I think that the bill contains
provisions which ought to be carefully examined.
The SPEAKER. The question is not debata-
ble. Does the gentleman object?
Mr. MILLSON. I have not read the bill. My
attention was attracted to its provisions while it
was being read at the Clerk's desk. I want to
know whether the operation of the bill is confined
to the District of Columbia, and other places exclu-
sively under the jurisdiction of the United States ?
Mr. SEYMOUR. It is not. It provides for
any offenses committed in any of the States against
the United States.
Mr. MILLSON. We have no right to take
jurisdiction over forgeries committed within the
limits of thf States, except in the cases expressly
mentioned m the Constitution, which authorizes
Congress only to make laws for punishing the
counterfeiting the securities and current coin of
the United States.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman objecting, the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
cannot be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the bill.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS OF ILLINOIS.
Mr. SEYMOUR, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back House bill (No. 285) to
divide the State of Illinois into two judicial dis-
tricts, with a substitute.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the bill.
Mr. SEYMOUR. By unanimous consent, I
hope the reading of the bill will be dispensed with,
.and that the Clerk will proceed to read the substi-
tute.
There was no objection, and the Clerk read the
substitute, as follows:
Thai the State of Illinois be, and the same is hereby,
divided into two judicial districts, m the manner following,
to wit: The counties of Hancock, MeDonough, Peoria,
Woodford, Livingston, and Iroquois, and all the counties
in the said State north of them, shall compose one district,
to be called the northern district of Illinois, and court* shall
be held for the said district at the city of Chicago; and the
residue of the counties of the said State shall compose
another district to be called the southern districtof Illinois,
and courts shall be held for the same at the city of Spring-
field.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there shall bo
two terms of the circuit and district courts begun and held
in each of said districts, to wit: at the city of Chicago for
the northern district, on the first Monday in July and third
Monday in December; and at the city of Springfield for the
southern district, on the first Monday in March and the first
Monday in October in each year; and the said courts ; e
hereby authorized to hold adjourned terms when the busi-
ness shall, in the opinion of the courts, require it.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all suits and
other proceedings, of whatsoever name or nature, now
pending in the circuit or district courts of the United States
for the district of Illinois, shall be tried and disposed of in
the circuit and district courts, respectively, for the northern
district of Illinois, in the same manner as the same would
have been in case said State had not been divided into two
districts ; and for that purpose the jurisdiction is reserved
to the said courts in the norihern district, and the cleik of
the circuit and district courts for the present district of Illi-
nois shall remove the records and files of the said circuit
and district courts to the city of Chicago; and do and per-
form ail duties appertaining to his office within the northern
district, and all process or other proceedings taken, or is-
sued, or made returnable to the circuit or district courts of
the present district of Illinois, shall be returnable at the
next term of the said courts respectively, in the northern
district of Illinois.
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That upon application
of any party to any suit now pending, which would have
been commenced m the southern district if this act had
been in force before the commencement of the said =uit, the
proper court may, and, if all parties consent, shall,order
that the same be removed for furiher proceedings to ihe
proper court for the southern district; and thereupon the
clerk shall transmit all the papers In the cause, with a tran-
script of all orders taken therein, to the clerk of the court
to which the suit shall be removed, and all further proceed-
ings shall be had in said court as if the said suit had been
originally commenced therein.
Sec. 5. And he it further enacted, Thattheprcsent judge
of the district of Illinois be, and is hereby, as&igned to the
northern district of Illinois.
Sec. 6. And be itjxtrther enacted, That final process on
any judgment or decree en'ered in the circuit or district
courts of the United States for the district of Illinois, and
all other process for the enforcement of any order ot said
courts, respectively, in any cause now pending therein, ex-
cept causes removed as hereinafter provided, shall be is-
sued from and made returnable to the proper court for the
northern district of Illinois, and may be directed to and ex-
ecuted by the marshal of the said northern district in any
pan of the said State.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That there be ap-
pointed a district jndse for the said northern district of Illi-
nois, and the district judge of each of the said districts shall
be entitled to an annual salary of $2,5u0.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the present dis-
trict attorney for the district of Illinois shall be the district
attorney for the northern district; the present marshal of
the district of Illinois shaM be the marshal /or the northern
district, and the present cierk of the courts for the district
of Illinois shall be the clerk of the courts for the northern
district during their respective official terms.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That there be ap-
pointed a district attorney, a marshal, and a clerk of the
court for the southern district.
The SPEAKER. The question is now on the
adoption of the amendment as a substitute for the
original bill.
Mr. KNOX. Is an amendment in order to the
substitute?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. KNOX. Mr. Speaker, the substitute has
not been printed, and I shall not be able, from its
bare reading at the Clerk's desk, to precisely indi-
cate the amendments which 1 regard as necessary
to the bill, and proper for the northern part of the
State of Illinois. At some point, however, I de-
sire to amend the substitute, so that it will provide
that the courts of the northern district of Illinois
shall be held alternately at the cities of Chicago
and Peoria.
Mr. SEYMOUR. Will the gentleman allow
me to suggest to him, that unless the members
from that judicial district are unanimous in desir-
ing the proposed amendment we had better pass
this substitute as it is, and provide for what is
contained in the amendment by a separate bill. It
seems to me that we ought to refrain from incum-
bering this bill with any question upon which
members of that judicial district are divided.
Mr. KNOX. In reply to the gentleman, I will
say that I do riot desire to embarrass the bill. I
do wish, however, to make a simple statement in
favor of the amendment which I propose. When
it is understood, I am sure that it will meet with
the approbation of the House, and also, I trust,
with the approbation of my colleagues.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I appeal to the gentleman
from Illinois to withdraw his amendment and em-
body it in a separate bill. It is important that this
bill should pass now, and if the gentleman insists
upon his amendment, it is likely the bill will have
to be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. If the gentleman from
Illinois had come before the Committee on the
Judiciary with his amendment, the committee
would have been prepared for it. As it is, we are
not prepared for it, and I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his amendment.
Mr. KNOX. I shall be compelled to insist
upon the amendment, because I believe it to be
a matter of justice to that portion of the State of
Illinois which I represent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 ask my
colleague if he has drawn up his amendment m
full? It will require along section to provide for
the regular processes.
Mr. KNOX. I have not, and I apprehend it
will not be necessary. I think the change of two
or three words will be all that is necessary.
The amendment having been committed to writ-
ting, was read, as follows:
After the word " districts" in the first section, insert the
word " alternately;" for the word " city" insert the word
" cities and after the word (£ Chicago" insert the words
" and Peoria," so that it will read;
For said districts alternately at the cities of Chicago and
Peoria."
Mr. KNOX. Is it in order for me to make a
few remarks in explanation of the amendment?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The amendment
is open for discussion.
Mr. KNOX. The object of that bill is to di-
vide the State of Illinois into two judicial districts.
At present the courts are held alternately, 1 think,
at the city of Chicago, which is at the northern
extremity of the State, and at the city of Spring-
field. It is proposed by this bill so to divide the
State as to place about one half of the State in
the northern district. I propose so to amend it
as to provide for holding the courts alternately at
Chicago and Peoria.
It is probably known to most of the members
of this House that Peoria is one of the largest
cities in the State of Illinois. It is situated about
centrally east and west. I understand that a large
portion of the business that will come before this
court will originate in the southern portion of the
district. I have recently been informed that there '
are now upon the docket of that court one hun-
dred and thirty cases originating in Peoria alone,
growing out of French claims. I will also state
that the southern portion of the district takes in
several counties which comprise more than half of
the military tract, in which cases of very deep
interest, involving titles to land, have arisen, and
which will come before that court. I would sug-
gest, therefore, to my colleagues from Illinois, and
to the House, that it is but an act of justice to
that portion of the district which originates the
largest portion of the business of this court, that
it should be held a portion of the time at the city
of Peoria.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If there is any reason
why the sessions of the court should be held at
Peoria, there is quite as good reason why they
should be held at half a dozen different places in
the gentleman's and in my district.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Move the previous
question.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will in a minute. The
persons in the city of Peoria who have business
before this court, can reach Chicago in three or
four hours any time. There is a railroad between
the two cities, and Peoria is more conveniently
situated, in reference to the location of a court at
Chicago, than almost any other point interested.
I should have no objection to the court being held
at that place. I myself represented that county
for a long time upon this floor. But as I believe
this amendment would endanger the passage of
the bill, I shall be compelled to vote against it. I
move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main questiomordered to be put.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Knox's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on the Judiciary
as a substitute for the original bill; and being
taken, the amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
was read a third time.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I move the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. SEYMOUR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IN OHIO.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Iam instructed
by the Committee on the Judiciary to report back,
without amendment, Senate bill (No. 47) to divide
the State of Ohio into two judicial districts, and to
provide for holding the district and circuit courts
of the United States therein, and to ask that it may
be put upon its passage.
The bill was read.
Mr. STANTON. If there is no amendment
proposed to this bill, I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. OLDS. I ask the gentleman from Tennes-
see to withdraw the demand for the previous
question, that I may be heard upon this measure.
It is one of vital importance to the constituency
which I represent.
Mr. STANTON. I cannot withdraw it.
Mr. OLDS. Then will the gentleman allow me
to move that the bill be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
Mr. STANTON. I am willing that the House
shall vote upon a proposition to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and will withdraw the call for the previous
question, move that the bill be so referred, and
then renew the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. EDGERTON. I hope the gentleman will
not do that. This is just what the State of Ohio
wants, and other States too.
Mr. OLDS. It is just what Ohio does not
want.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man from Tennessee withdraw the demand for the
previous question?
Mr, STANTON. No, sir; on reflection I will
not withdraw it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and was read a third time.
Mr. STANTON. I demand the previous ques-
tion l>n the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
