632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
main question was ordered to be pat, being.
"Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. OLDS. I demand the yeas and nays upon
that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 38; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, Appleton, Ashe, Banks, Barksdale, Barry,
Bennett, Benson, Bliss, Breckinridge, Bridges, Bristow,
Carpenter, Caruthers, Chamberlain, Chandler, Chase,
Chaatain, Chrisman, Clark, Cobb, Crocker, Culling,
Thomas Davis, Dawson, Disney, Dunbar, Dunham, East-
man, Edgerton, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison, Ethe-
ridge, Everhart, Farley, Faulkner. Flagler, Florence,
Franklin, Gamble, Giddmgs,Goodrich, Green, Greenwood,
Hastings, Haven, Henn, Hiester, Howe, Johnson, J. Glan-
cy Jones, ivittreclge, Kurtz, Lamb, Lillv, McCulloch, Mac-
donald, McQueen, Mace, Matteson, Maurice, Maxwell,
May, Mayall, Middieswarth, Morgan, Nichols, Noble,
Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Parker, Phelps, Pratt, Preston,
Pnngle, Ready, Reese, Riddle, David Ritchie, Thomas
Ititchey, Robbms, Ruffin, Russell, Sabm, Seward, Sey-
mour, Shaw, Shower, Simmons, William Smith, William
R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, He&tor
L. Stevens, Andrew Stuart, David Stuart, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Teller, Thurston, Tracy, Tweed, Upham, Vansant,
Wade, Walbndge, Walley, Elliiiu B. Washburn, Israel
Washburn, W«lls>, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth,
Westbiook, and Witte—117.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Boyee, Bu?g, Corwm, John G.
Davis, John M. Elliott, English,Goode, Grey, Grow, Ham-
ilton, Aaron Ilarlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Iiendricks, Daniel
T. Jones, George W. Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Knox, Letcher,
Lindsley, MeMulhn, Smith Miller, Millson, Morrison,
Murray, Norton, Olds, Andrew Oliver, Packer, Puryear,
Rogers, Sapp, Shannon, Skelton, John L. Taylor, Tiout,
and Hendnck B. Wright—38.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. STANTON, f move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RIGHTS OF CITIZENSHIP.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. There is upon
the Speaker's table a House bill which has been
returned from the Senate with a small amendment.
It is a bill (No. 133) to secure the rights of cit-
izenship to children of citizens of the United
States born out of the limits thereof. I ask that
the bill may be taken up and the amendment con-
curred in.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up,
and the amendment of the Senate was concurred
in, as follows:
Sec. 2. After the word " woman," insert "who might
lawfully be naturalized under existing laws,"
PRIVATE BILL.
Mr. KERR, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill for the relief of the assign-
ees of Anthony de St. Maxent; which was read
a first and second time by its title, leferred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
WASHINGTON MONUMENT.
Mr. MAY. I desire to ask the House to con-
tinue a select committee that was appointed near
the close of the last session, to investigate the
condition of the monument being erected in this
city to the memory of Washington. That com-
mittee, after great pains in investigating the sub-
ject, wish to make a report, but find that they can-
not do so under the parliamentary laws, unless the
committee is continued by the order of the House.
It is very important, for the success of that patri-
otic enterprise, that it should be done. I hope the
House will continue the committee.
Mr. McMULLIN. I feel constrained to ob-
ject. As a member of that special committee, I
feel bound to do it.
DISTRIBUTION OF THE STATUTES AT LARGE.
Mr. MAY, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a joint resolution to carry out the
provisions of the resolution concerning the distri-
bution of the Statutes at Large, and for other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time by
its title, referred to tKe Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
THOMAS PLUMSILL.
Mr. MAY, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Thomas Piumsill; which
was read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
OFFENCES AGAINST THE UNITED STAGES.
Mr. MAY. I have been instructed, by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to move to discharge
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union from House bill (No. 534) concerning the
apprehension and delivery of deserters from foreign
vessels in the ports of the United States, in order
to have that bill now put upon its passage. It is
to supply an omission in an act of Congress, and
its object will be understood on the reading of the
bill.
The bill was read by the Clerk; and there being
no objection, the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union was discharged from the further
consideration thereof.
Mr. MAY. I now move that the bill be put
upon its passage.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time, and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read a third time, and passed.
COURT HOUSE, ETC., BALTIMORE.
On motion by Mr. MAY, it was
Ordered^ That the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union he discharged irom the further consideration
of House bill (No. 088) to piovide for the accommodation
of the courts of the United States for the district of Mary-
land, and for a post office at Baltimore city, Maryland.
Mr. MAY. I now move that the bill be put
upon its passage.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time, and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read a third time, and passed.
Mr. MAY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
DESERTERS FROM FOREIGN VESSELS.
Mr. MAY. The Committee on the Judiciary
has instructed me to ask the unanimous consent
of the House to permit me to move that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union be
discharged from the further consideration of a bill
to amend an act entitled " An act for the punish-
ment of ceitain crimes against the United States,"
approved April 30, 1790.
The bill was read by the Cleric.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objec-
tion to the motion to discharge the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union from the
further consideration of this bill?
Mr. MILLSON. Yea, sir; 1 object.
Mr. MAY. I hope thegentleman'from Virginia
will withdraw his objection. That bill has the
unanimous approbation of the Committee on the
Judiciary. That committee conceives that at. this
time there is no legislation more important to the
interests of the Government of the United States
than as to this subject. Strange to say, there is no
law providing punishment for those who kill the
officers of the United States in executing processes,
except the act of 1790, merely authorizing an in-
dictment for misdemeanor. The bill is to supply
that want or omission, and the Committee on the
Judiciary, having carefully considered its provis-
ions, have authotized me to say that all of them,
from all parts of the country, cordially recommend
its passage.
Mr. MILLSON. I understand the object of this
bill is to authorize the United States, under con-
gressional law, to punish a murder committed
within the States, where that murder may be com-
mitted upon the person of a man holding office
under the United States. Is that so ?
Mr. MAY. Yes, to punish the murder of per-
sons engaged in executing the process of the
United States.
Mr. MILLSON. No matter how ?
Mr. MAY. That is so.
Mr. MILLSON. Then, sir, I must object most
decidedly.
Mr. MAY. I understand the principle on
which the gentleman from Virginia objects.
PRISON SITE IN NEW YORK.
Mr. MAY. I now ask that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union be dis-
charged from the further consideration of House
bill (No. 444) authorizing the President to pur-
chase a site for a prison, and to provide an estimate
for the cost of buildingthesame in the city of New
York. There is a report which accompanies the
bill, that will fully explain it. I do hope that the
Committee ofthe Whole on the state of the Union '
may be discharged from the further consideration
ofthe bill, and that itmay be put upon its passage.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. CUTTING. If any gentleman, after having
examined and reflected upon this bill providing for
this jail in the city of New York, objects to it,
why, of course, we have no right to ask him to
withdraw his objection. I will state to the gen-
tleman from Virginia, that there is, at this time
and moment, no place in the city of New York in
which a prisoner can be confined, and no place in
which a witness can be detained. In numerous
vessels coming into the port of New York, there
are occurring cases of assault and battery, and
other slight criminal offenses, where sailors and
other persons, who have nothing to do with the
controversy, are bound over as witnesses, and
held to bail, but being unable to give it, are ordered
to be sent to jail; and for that purpose I have
known them to be sent four or five miles off.
Upon one occasion it was my duty, as counsel,
to go to the jail of a neighboring county, for the
purpose of examining a witness—a female, seven-
teen or eighteen years of age—in reference to the
facts of an alleged murder or. homicide on board
ship. I found her immured in a cell with old
hardened sinners who had remained there for
weeks, simply because the Government, after
having ordered these unfortunate witnesses to be
thrown into cells, had no proper dungeon in which
to put them. All that I ask is, that the Govern-
ment should at least provide a competent jail; and
I am sure that no gentleman who understands the
facts will object to this bill. Humanity pleads for
it,and ordinary justice demands it. It is a reproach
upon the country that we have no proper jail for
the detention of witnesses. We have witness,
after witness, innocent and unfortunate persons,
who are obliged to share the fate of criminals,
and in their name, and in behalf of humanity, I
call upon the Government to give us the means
for putting up a competent jail. I hope that the
objection will be withdrawn.
Mr. BAYLY. I hope that I may be indulged
for a moment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man from Virginia object.
Mr. BAYLY. I do object most emphatically,
and 1 want to give my reasons for it.
Mr. CUTTING. If there is objection, that is
enough.
Mr. BAYLY. It is not enough. The gentle-
man from New York has spoken so eloquently
and feelingly upon the subject, that 1 think it is
but fair for me to have an opportunity of giving
my reasons for the objection 1 make.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is objection made
to the gentleman from Virginia proceeding ?
Mr. McNAIR. I object.
Mr. MAY. There is a report accompanying
the bill from the Judiciary Committee which ex-
plains the matter fully.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill is not
before the House, and the report cannot be read.
Mr. BAYLY. Do 1 understand that any ob-
jection is made to my making a few remarks ?
Mr. McNAIR. I withdraw my objection, in
order to give the gentleman from Virginia an op-
portunity of answering the gentleman from New
York.
1 he SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
the gentleman from Virginia proceeding with his
remarks ?
Mr. CUTTING. There are agreat many bills
which the Committee on the Judiciary desire
should be acted upon by the House. If objection
is made to the consideration of this bill, why all
discussion upon it would be useless, and conse-
quently I think that it ought to go now to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
INew York object to any remarks from the gen-
tleman from Virginia.
Mr. CUTTING. I do object; and I move to
refer the bill to the Committee ofthe Whole on the
state of the Union. I pledge my friend that he
will have opportunity to discuss it there
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill is al-
ready there.
VIRGINIA LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. CASK1E. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report a bill to amend
an act approved August 31,1852, entitled "An act
making further provision for the satisfaction of
Virginia land warrants."
Mr. COBB. I rise to a question of order. 1
