1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
638
wish to know whether this is private or public
business.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As it comes under
the head of bounty land bills, in the opinion of
the Chair it would be a public bill.
Mr. CASK1E. I ask that the bill be put upon
its passage, and I will make a very brief expla-
nation of its provisions. In our present circum-
stances, I feel bound to confine myself rigidly to
what is absolutely necessary to its comprehension
by the House. It is well known that, during the
revolutionary war, Virginia promised large land
bounties to such of her citizens as should serve
either in her State or the Continental line, and ded-
icated certain districts of her territory to the sat-
isfaction of these engagements. At its close she
surrendered her whole magnificent public domain
to the Union, charged only with the redemption
of her patriotic promises. Owing to circumstances,
which I shall notstop to detail—in pait, however,
from the actions of this Government itself—the
reservations made by Virginia proved insufficient
to satisfy the obligations she had contracted to
her officers and soldiers. She then applied to
Congress to make provision for her outstanding
revolutionary warrants, and the last act of Federal
legislation on the subject is the act which was ap-
proved the 31st of August, 1852, and to which
the bill 1 have introduced is amendatory. That
act provides that
u All unsatisfied outstanding military land wartants is-
sued and allowed prior to the 1st of March, 185*2, by the
proper authorities of the Commonwealth or" Virginia, ior
military services performed by the officers and soldiers,
seamen and marines, of the Virginia State and Continental
lines of the Army and Navy of the Revolution, may be sur- j
rendered to the Secretary of the Interior, who, upon being
satisfied by a revision of the proot, or by additional evi- I
denc^j thci  any wairatit thuri surrendered was fairly and J
justly issued, in pursuance of the laws of the said Com- j
monwealth, for military services so issued, shall is«ue land
scrip m favor of such proprietors for any warrant thus sur-
rendered."
I do not intend to discuss the merits of the act
of 1852, from which I have quoted. I hold my-
self ready, however, to meet any assault which
may be made upon it. Its defense is easy, for its
justice is obvious. It stands a Jaw, unrepealed
and binding, upon your statute-book. The whole
question is as to its fair, just, and legitimate inter-
pretation. The Department of the Interior, as we
understand, esteems itself authorized to take up
the allowances of Virginia de novo, to consider
them as original cases, to open questions both of
Jaw and fact, which have been adjudicated by the
duly authorized tribunal of the State, and to re-
verse their decisions where it differs from them in
opinion. Now, Mr. Speaker, we contend that,
in so doing, the Department has departed from
the true intention and meaning of the law, and
adopted a construction against which we indig-
nantly protest, and which should never be toler-
ated by Congress. No such thing was designed
by those who passed the law.
1 have in my hand a letter dated August 27,
1853, from Judge Underwood, who, I think, re-
ported the bill of 185*2 in the Senate. He says:
" I expected that confidence would be reposed in the
integrity and ability of the Governor and Councils of Vir-
ginia, and that scrp would only be withheld m cases of man-
ifest error oj palpable fraud.
" I consider it the duty of the Department of the Interior,
in executing the act of 31 st August, 1852, to construe the
laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, under which war-
rants were issued to her officers and soldiers of the Revo-
lution, just as they were understood and construed by the
authoriues of Virginia in their original execution."
Mr. Speaker, I was here when the act of 1852
was passed, as were most of my colleagues. I
say with all confidence, for them as for myself,
that, when we advocated and urged its passage by
this House, we never dreamed that a Department
in Washington would undertake, in the execution
of a law like that, to overrule and reverse solemn
decisions of our own tribunals on questions arising
under our own la*7s, merely because it might
happen to dissent from their opinions. Never,
never, sir, would we have sanctioned such a
doctrine.
I undertake to make the same declaration as to
the Legislature of my State, whose acceptance of
the act of 1852 was required and given.
The bill which I have reported has received
from the Committee on the Judiciary a full,
thorough, and searching examination, and has
met their unanimous approval. I may also re-
mark, that it is the same with a bill which has
been reported to the Senate by the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, save only that we increase
the numberof their excepted cases, and thus insert
a safeguard against error or wrong, in addition to
those esteemed necessary by that committee.
If the House will look to the provisions of our
bill, they will see that we propose to permit the
Department here to reject the State allowances in
every case in which, it seems to me, any gentle-
man who has investigated the subject can, for a
moment, suppose it right to grant such permission.
Observe, if there has been any fraud anywhere,
the claim is not to be allowed. Again: if the
Department has any evidence which was not
before the authorities of Virginia, they may weigh
that evidence, and if it proves an allowance erro-
neous, they may reject it. If there be error or
mistake on the part of the Register of the Land
Office—and a few such instances have occurred—
it will he thrown out. In all such cases, under
the amendatory act now before the House, the
Department will have proper and ample authority
to refuse the issue of scrip. All we ask—-and on
that we insist—is, that the decisions of the tribu-
nals of the State of Virginia, upon legal questions
arising under her bounty land laws, shall be bind-
ing on the Department of the Interior, and that
their decisions on questions of fact shall also be
binding whenever the evidence m the case has
been fully and fairly before them. In a word, we
would give the Department ample discretion, where
the case before it is different from that decided in
Virginia, but where it is the same, the Virginia
judgment must stand.
This simple proposition, on which we stand,
appears to me so clearly correct that, as the time
of the House is particularly precious just now,
I shall leave it where it is, and §ive way to the
gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. SKELTON here made an inquiry, inaud-
able to the reporter.
Mr. CASKIE. I respond with pleasure to the
inquiry of the gentleman from New Jersey. Vir-
ginia promised these land bounties during the
revolutionary war, and when she owned the
whole northwestern territory. When the war
closed she proceeded to redeem her promises by
issuing her military land warrants. In her deed
of cession to the U nited States she made an express
condition:
''That m case the quantity of good land* on the south-
east feide of the Ohio, upon the waters of the Cumberland
river, and between the Gieen liver and Tennessee river,
which have been reserved bylaw for the Virginia troops
on Continental establishment, should, from the North Caro-
lina line, tailing turther in upon the Cumberland lands than
was expected, prov^ insufficient for their legal bounties,
the deficiency should be made up to the said troops in good
lands, to be laid off between the rivers Scioto and Little
Miami, on the notthwest side of the river Ohio, m such
proportions as have been engaged to them by the laws of
Virginia."
Now, as to the country on the southeast side of
the Ohio below theTennessee, it was " allotted by I
the treaty of Hopewell of January 1786 to the |
Chickasaws and Cherokees to live and hunt in, I
and the possession of itguarantied to them by a pro- i
vision that if any of our citizens should encroach i
upon it, they should forfeit the protection of the i
United States, and the Indians might punish them |
or not as they pleased. Nor was the Indian title j
ever extinguished until the year 1818." A por- I
tion of the Virginia warrants were located on each
tract, that on the southeast and that on the north-
west side of the Ohio river. But there was a
deficiency in the first reservation, and the "good
lands" between theSciotaand Little Miami rivers
were also exhausted, leaving a large numberof
warrants outstanding and unsatisfied. It was in <
this state of things that application was made to '
Congress. Thelaw of 1852 was passed,and while I
I cheerfully give these explanations, they are per- I
haps hardly relevant to the question before the
House. The law ofl852—its justice and propriety
is " res ad judicata." It is the construction put
upon it by the Department of the Interior against
which we protest, and the bill we introduce is to
declare what we believe to he its true purpose and
meaning. Are we right or wrong ? That is the
question. I hope ! have been clear, although very
brief, for I am anxious that the opponents of the
bill should be heard, and that we should come to
a vote.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentleman
from Alabama to yield to me for a few moments
to make a statement.
Mr. COBB. Certainly,sir. All I want is fair
play.
Mr. SMITH. 1 desire the attention of the
House for a few moments.
Mr. COBB. I cannot let the gentleman occupy
more than five minutes.
Mr. SMITH. Very well. The gentleman
from Alabama will have ample opportunity for
reply.
Mr. Speaker, of course I shall be brief, but I
desire the attention of the House to what I have
to say. As my colleague has well said, Virginia,
during therevolutionaiy war, passed various reso-
lutions for the purpose not only of encouraging
enlistments, but to continue men in service. By
these resolutions she pledged herself to pay those
who were embraced by their provisions in public
lands at some future day. Thus she came under
obligations to fifteen thousand of her people, i
say fifteen thousand, because such is the certifi-
cate of Judge Marshall and General Porterfield;
and I wish the House to distinctly understand
that the late Judge Marshall and General Porter-
field, who took this subject into consideration,
were intimately acquainted with the military his-
tory of Virginia during the war of the Revolution.
They gave a certificate, which was used years
ago in this Hall, that Virginia had fifteen thou-
sand men who were entitled to a bounty under the
resolution which she had passed during the
stormy period of our struggle for independence.
It also appears from the documents—and I partic-
ularly desire members to bear that in mind—that
of these fifteen thousand men, but six thousand-
seven hundred and odd have have had the benefit
of these resolutions, eight or nine thousand having
been swept from the face of the earth in the prog-
ress of time, and having nevtr preferred their
claims. Of course the evidence in reference to
these claims has been forever lost. So much, then,
for that. It repels an idea extensively circulated
through the country, that Virginia has allowed
more land to her soldiers than she could, under
any possible circumstances, be entitled to. I
make this statement with the more earnestness
to gentlemen of the House, because I at one time
had a jurisdiction over this subject. As the Ex-
ecutive of Virginia, I had occasion to make some
allowances m reference to these claims.
Mr. COBB. I have no doubt the gentleman
was deeply interested in the just allowance of
these claims; but I must now proceed with my
own remarks.
Mr. SMITH. Very well. 1 will hear the
gentleman. I was trying to satisfy him.
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman's object was to
satisfy me, he would have certainly failed; for I
can tell him that I am better posted on the subject
than he is; and if I were disposed to consume the
time of the House, I would question the statement
he has made in reference to the number of indi-
viduals entitled to land who have not obtained it.
I would meet, that as it has been met in this
House on former occasions, and by argument and
facts, which, though the attempt has been made,
have never been successfully controverted.
I am desirous to have some compromise in rela-
tion to this matter. The Committee on Public
Lands have had this subject before them. That,
let me say, was the legitimate and proper com-
mittee for the investigation of the question, and it
ought to have been referred to it. We have been
endeavoring to secure al) the information attain-
able in the case, that we might be able to make
report on it.
The Commissioner of the General Land Office,
learning that this question would come up to-day
for consideration, made an earnest request of the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands to
have it referred to that committee if possible. If
that were done, he said further, that he would
make an expose which would, in all probability,
satisfy the House in regard to the subject.
Mr. CASKIE. I ask the gentleman to yield to
me for a moment.
Mr. COBB. I will ask the gentleman a ques-
tion. If he has the information for which I ask,
upon it I am willing to rest this case. Has the
gentleman received a communication on this iden-
tical matter from the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office ?
Mr. CASKIE. I will answer the gentleman
with pleasure. Certainly not. I will, however,
tell the gentleman of a letter which, if he was as
