634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
familiar with the affairs of his own committee as,
from the tone in which he commenced his remarks,
I should have imagined him to be, he would prob-
ably have been aware of, and which is the only
letter I know of from the Commissioner of the
General Land Office on this subject. There is a
copy of a letter obtained, and by me laid before
the Judiciary Committee, and filed among the
Sapers in this very case, which, under date of 2d
une, 1854, acknowledges the receipt of a letter
from Hon. E. A. Warren, a member of the gen-
tleman's committee, of the 3d May, and, in re-
sponse thereto, gives certain views of the Commis-
sioner on the subject now before the House.
Mr. COBB. Let us have that letter read.
Mr. CASKIE. The gentleman may have it
read, and welcome, if he desire it. 1 wish to
make a statement first, however.
Mr. COBB. Let the letter be read; it will ex-
plain itself.
Mr. CASKIE. No communication came to
the Judiciary Committee from the Land Office on
this subject. I wish the House, however, to un-
derstand that the Commissioner of the General
Land Office was asked to give us his views. He
was asked by myself. The clerk of the Judiciary
Committee afterwards went to him on the subject,
and he promised that we should receive a com-
munication from him by two o'clock of lastTues-
day fortnight. We have not yet heard from him.
We know that we differ from the Commissioner
of the General Land Office in reference to the
proper construction of this law. We appeal from
nim to Congress, and we ask gentlemen to meet
the issue we make as to the justice and propriety
of our bill.
Mr. COBB. I now ask for the reading of the
communication.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the commu-
nication, as follows;
General Land Office, June 2, 1854.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the
letter of Hon. E. A. Warren, of the 3d ultimo, referred by
you for a report of my views as to the propriety ami neces-
sity of the legislation the eon proposed, and, in answer,
beg leave to state : That by a resolution of the General As-
sembly of Virginia, of 23d January, ltJM, inclosed in Mr.
Warren's letter, it is proposed so to amend the " act of 31st
August, 1852," as to authorize the issueof scrip on all war-
rants which have been allowed by the authorities of Vir-
ginia, " excepting only  uch as shal! appear to have been
fraudulently obtained."
If legislation is had on this subject, it must, of course, bo
intended to embracecasesrelused or rejected by this Office.
To a correct understanding, then, of the operation of any
such law, I will give a bnet synopsm of the general fea-
tures of the cases disallowed by this Office:
1. Ail tho«e where the parti' s were cashiered, or super-
ceded, or where they resigned prior to the completion of
three years' service— evidence of these fact" being found
chiefly among the " Washington papers," on file in the
State Department.
2. Militia ca-es. These are frequently proved up per-
fectly liy parol testimony alone; but in examining the con-
tinental rolls of the regiments or companies in which the
alleged tervtce was rendered, and for the period during
which it was rendered, the names of such officers cannot
be found, and consequently the parol testimony is wholly
erroneous, or must relate to militia or volunteer service
3. Virginia Slate line and Navy cases, in which the testi-
mony is exclusively of a parol character; and where the
witnesses, from their sex or pursuits, could not have been
personally cognizant either ot the rank or service ; or where
they were of such an unmature age at the time, of the ser-
vice that they could not have come to any certain conclu-
sion on either point. In this class may also be included
cases where the alleged service was rendered in vessels
which had been employed in the commercial marine before
the alleged service was rendered, and where it is alleged
the same vessels were subsequently employed in the war
service, though there is no record evidence of that fact, nor
are those vessels mentioned in the act of the VirginiaLems-
lature of 1779, reducing the navy, or that of 1780, refining
it. The State navy was disbanded, it will be remembered,
about 1781.
4. Where warrants have issued for both staff and lineal
rank. The staff rank has been considen-d by this Office as
a promotion, where it entitled the officer to a higher rank
than his lineal appointment, and consequently the allow-
ance for this higher grade has been made, but not for both.
5. Allowances to staff officers, continental, not occupy-
ing a lineal rank, except in ca^es where, by order of Con-
gress, such positions are set forth as assimilating in rank
with line officers. These have been rejected, as also the
cases of brigade quartermasters, where the evidence pre-
sented shows that they were merely regimental quarter-
masters. t . «
6. Officers not proved to be citizen* cf Virginia, who did
not «erve in her own Continental or State establishment, as
in the case of John Paul Jones. These classes include, all
the cases, it is believed, that have been acted on unfavor-
ably by this Office, though there may be others, where,
from gro.-s discrepancies in the testimony of a witne «, or
of each of the witnesses, the testimony is ruled out as
unworthy of credit, and the claim consequently fails.
The principles established by the opinions ot (he Attorney
General of the 7th and 9th of January last, and decided m
your letter of the 13th of the same month, extended the
most liberal construction to the laws of Virginia, as ex-
pounded by the judicial tribunals of the State, and relieved
most, if not all, the difficulties which induced the recom-
mendations in my annual reports of 1852 and 185.% of a mod-
ification of the act of Congress of 31st August, JtS52,on this
subject. The allowance of either of the classes of cases
mentioned in this report, would be, to that extent, an exten-
sion and modification of the laws of Virginia on the sub-
ject.
In guarantying the satisfaction of claims made accord-
ing to the laws of Virginia, Congress, it is presumed, did
not intend to indorse the errors, omissions, or oversights,
of her State officers. From examinations already made, it
appears that claims amounting to many thousands of acres
have heretofore been satisfied under foimer laws, that
should never have been allowed. These examinations were
not made to seek for errors, but to determine the character
of claims presented under the act of 1852, nine tenths of
which were satisfied with scrip under the act of March 3,
1835, and lor the residue of which scrip is not claimed. If
it be the pleasure ot Congress, however, to satisfy the
whole of the claims thus disallowed, or any class or classes
of them, or an intimation to that effect, a bill will be pre-
pared for the purpose.
All of which is most respectfully submitted.
1 am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN WILSON, Commissioner.
Hon. R. McClelland, Secretary of the Interior,
Mr. COBB. Now read the report of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and let us have both sides
of the question.
The Clerk proceeded to read the report, as
follows:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred the
memorial of James Cornich and wile, heirs-at-law of
Robert Boush, deceased, submit the following report:
That the said Boush served inthe Virginia line in the war
of the Revolution m the double capacity of etingn and pay-
master ; that a military laud bounty warrant for two thou-
sand six hundred and'sixty six and two thirds acres was al-
lowed hnn by the Governor and Council of Virginia for his
services a-« ensign, and subsequently another warrant lor
four thousand acres for his services as paymaster ; that the
latter warrant was surrendered at the General Land Office
to he commuted for scrip under the act of 31st August, 1852,
but that the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
undei his construction of said act, reduced the allowance
for the said Boush's service* as paymaster from tour thou-
sand to one thousand three hundred and thirty-three and
one third acres, and issued scrip io the memorialist for only
one third of the allowance made by the authorities of Vir-
ginia.
The memorialists now ask that they may have scrip for
the whole amount allowed them by Virginia, and that th«
Cotnim>sioner ot the General Land Office may be required
to is*uu it accordingly.
The committee are of the opinion that the prayer of the
petitioners ought to be granted. The Governor and Coun-
cil ot Virginia, who made the allowance of land bounty to
the memorialists, were the only tribunal, and the tribunal
of last re>ort, constituted by the laws of that State for the
adjudication of claims to military bounties arising under
her laws, and the construction ot those laws by that tubu-
nal, the committee think, ought to be adopted by the Gov-
ernment of the United ritates, in executing the act of Au-
gust 31, 1832 The principle being well settled that the
construction of local laws by ihe local tribunals of a State,
ot la-.t resort, is the law itself, and obligatory on the United
Slates.
The committee accordingly, to meet the ease of the
nit moriali>.ts, and other cases arising under the act of Au-
gust 31, lti.W, report a general bill declaratory of the said
act, and recommend its passage.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Chairman, a sense of duty
to what [ believe to be a public right has brought
me upon the floor, for the purpose of endeavoring
to prevent, if I can, the passage of this bill, at least
until we can have an opportunity of fairly consid-
ering it. And another sense of duty, perhaps
equally as high and important, impels me, in con-
sideration of the amount of the business of the
country which is pressing upon us for action, not
to take up the time of the House unnecessarily. I
shall, therefore, in about two minutes, present
some suggestions in relation to this matter with-
out going generally into the merits of the case.
Sir, this is a question which has been before the
Committee on Public Lands ever since I have had
the honor of a seat upon this floor—now some-
thing like eight years. It is a question connected
with military bounty land warrants, and especially
comes within the provisions of the Virginia mil-
itary bounty land act of 1852. The lands in Ohio
had been culled out until the warrants to locate
lands there had ceased to be of any considerable
value, and hence the application for permission to
locate, by sai i act, these land warrants upon any
of the unappropriated public lands belonging to
the United States.
The bounty land act of 1852 I believe to be
wrong. I voted against it in my committee, and
I voted against it in the House. But it is the law
ot the land, and of course I shall not criticise it at
this time. It is sufficient for me to state that it was,
as I have always consideted it, a charity upon the
part of the General Government towardsthe hold-
ers of the Virginia military bounty land warrants.
When thatact was passed there were several hun-
dred thousand acres of land reserved for the pur-
pose of satisfying these bounty land warrants, and
probably enough to satisfy them all, but they have
been culled out until the locations have ceased to
become very valuable.
But, sir, I suspect that very few of these war-
rants now remain in the hands of the original
holders. I rather suspect that if the matter were
strictly scrutinized—without meaning any disre-
spect to the constituents of the gentleman from
Virginia—that most of these land warrants will be
found in the hands of other persons than those
who were the original holders.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. The gentleman
from Alabama does not know what he is talking
about.
Mr. COBB. Very well; I suspect that I un-
derstand this matter quite as well as the gentle-
man from Virginia, and decidedly too well to
warrant him in making the remark which he did
just now. Mark that! Stick a peg down there.
But, sir, I do not intend to allow myself to be
drawn away from the point I desire to make, for
1 intend to make a proposition to the House in
reference to this bill before I take my seat. The
Committee on Public Lands now have this ques-
tion beforethem. Wearedesirous of considering .
it fairly. We wish to investigate thoroughly its
merits, and to report upon it. But, sir, we are
waiting for the answer from the Commissioner of
Public Lands. He has informed us this morning
that he will make a report., and we shall be ready
to act upon it as soon as we receive that report.
Now, all I ask is, that this matter shall be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and when it comes up,after the sub-
ject has been fully investigated by the House, I
shall be prepared to state the reasons, which are
satisfactory to me, and which might be satisfac-
tory to others, why I think this bill ought not to
pass. I do not choose, however, to delay the
business cf the House by speaking at length now,
however much I might desire to sustain my knowl-
edge upon this subject, which the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] calls in question. 1 there-
fore move that the bill be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and that it be printed, and when it comes up in
the committee, I shall, if I can obtain the floor,
give my views at length upon the subject.
Mr. KERR obtained the floor.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Will my friend
from North Carolina allow me five minutes of his
time?
Mr. ICERR. I will yield to the gentleman for
that time.
Mr. BAYLY. I confess to this House that I
did speak with some little irritation when the gen-
tleman from Alabama undertook to say that the
act to which he referred was a matter of charity
to Virginia.
Mr. COBB. Can the gentleman controvert it ?
Mr. BAYLY. 1 have but five minutes, and
cannot yield any of my time. 1 then said to the
gentleman from Alabama, somewhat in a spirit of
irritation, but certainly not in ignorance, that he
did not know whathe was talking about; and now
I am going to show it for his gratification. [Laugh-
ter.] The whole of this case is a matter of con-
struction.
Mr. COBB. I was speaking of the act of 1852.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman has shown too
much feeling for me to allow him to interrupt me.
I will let him know that. When I am treated with
courtesy, this House knows that it is more than
returned. When I am not, I stand where I am.
Mr. COBB. And so do I.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman has not come to
the question at all. I repeat, without meaning
any disrespect to him, that he does not understand
the question before the House. The principle
involved in this case is one which, I undertake
to say, has never been questioned in the Supreme
Court of the United States. On the contrary, it
has been universally affirmed, and that is, that in
the construction of the laws of a State, the Su-
preme Court will defer to the decisions of the tri-
bunal of last resort in that State. That has been
the decision of the Supreme Court universally,
and I have known cases in which the judges have
told me that they thought the decision of the
courts of last resort in the States were wrong, but
