638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
Mr. WELLER. I can only consent to it upon
condition that, at two o'clock the Senate will
come back to the regular order of business.
Mr. CLAY, and others. That is the under-
standing.
Mr. WELLER. If that be the distinct under-
standing, of course I have no objection.
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senator from
Ohio please state his motion again, so that there
may be no misunderstanding.
Mr. WADE. My motion, as modified on the
suggestion of the Senator from Connecticut, is,
that we proceed, until two o'clock, to the consider-
ation of such bills as are not objected to.
Mr. BAYARD. I suggest that that motion be
confined to House bills. ["No!" "No!"] It
really would be very useless, I think, for us to pass
what are considered unopposed bills here now, and
send them to the House.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator object
to that motion ?
Mr. BAYARD. I will not object to it, if the
Senate desires it.
The PRESIDENT. Then the Chair under-
stands the Senate as unanimously consenting to the
motion of the Senator from Ohio.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Ordered, That on and after Monday next, the daily hour
of meeting of the Senate shall be eleven o'clock, a. ui.
TAMPICO VOLUNTEERS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill for the relief of the
Tampico volunteers.
It proposes to recognize the companies of vol-
unteers called into service by Colonel William
Gates, by his order, dated Tampico, February
25, 1847, and known as Tampico volunteers, as
having been in the military service of the United
States, in the years 1847 and 1848, and to direct
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
audit and pay the accounts of the officers and men
constituting the companies, in accordance with the
established regulations of the Department.
During the Mexican war, on the29.h February,
1847, Colonel Gates, by special order No. 7, di-
rected Major Morris to enroll and organize all the
citizens of Tampico, Mexico, into companies of
fifty men each, selecting the officers, to be ap-
proved of by the commanding officer. In obedi-
ence to this order, Major Morris organized four
companies, colled the Tampico volunteers, who
served as such about twelve months, for which
service (hey have never been paid. In thesimilar
cases of the Louisiana troops called out by Gen-
eral Gaines, and of the Texas mounted men called
out by Colonel Curtiss, at Camargo, Congress
made special appropriations for their payment.
The committee consider the Tampico volunteers
equally entitled to compensation for their services.
The bill was objected to, and was passed over.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CONTINUANCE OF HALF-PAY.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair finds on the
Private Calendar a bill " in addition to an act
entitled 'An act to continue half-pay to certain
widows and orphans.'" In the opinion of the
Chair, however, it is not a private bill. ,
Mr. STUART, and others. It is a private bill.
The PRESIDENT. IftheSenate consider ita
private bill, it will be acted on.
It proposes to enact that, if any commissioned,
non-commissioned officer, musician, or private in
the Army of the United States, has died since the
war of 1812, or shall hereafter die m the service
of the United States, by reason of a wound re-
ceived, or a disease contracted in the service, in
the line of duty, and shall have left, or shall here-
after leave, a widow, or, if no widow, a child or
children under sixteen years of age, such widow,
or, if no widow, such child or children shall be
entitled to receive half the monthly pay to which
persons of the same grade of the deceased officer
or soldier belonging to the infantry of the Army
are entitled to receive, for the term of five years,
to commence, m each case, on the day when the
evidence therein is completed. In case of the
death or marriage of the widow, before the ex-
piration of five years, the half-pay for the
remainder of the term is to be paid to the child or
children of the deceased officer or soldier, under
the age of sixteen years; but, in all cases it is to
cease when the child or children shall arrive at the
age of sixteen years, or shall become extinct.
Mr. BAYARD. It seems to me that this is
not a private bill, but it is a bill making a general
provision. It does not relate to a single indi-
vidual.
The PRESIDENT. Clearly not, and so the
Chair decided; but, as the Senate seemed to think
otherwise, he laid the bill before them.
Mr. CLAY. I would suggest to the Senator
from Delaware, that it will dispense with any
action on fifty or one hundred cases presented to
the Senate.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Senator from Alabama is
correct in that. A number of cases, perhaps eight
or nine, have been referred to the Committee on
Pensions, and they have classified them together,
and put them into this bill. After all, it amounts
to the same thing as passing separate bills for
those entitled to the benefits of this bill.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Delaware object to the consideration of the bill?
Mr. BAYARD. I do not object to its consid-
eration if the Senate decide that it is a private bill;
but I wish the decision of that question. I say
this is a bill altering the general provisions of a
law. This is private bill day, and I think we
ought to adhere to our own rules. I raise the
question of order.
The PRESIDENT. I have decided that,in my
opinion, it is not a private bill.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider the bill at this
time. It embraces nothing but private cases.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may as well go over.
I object to it, as it seems likely to lead to debate.
The PRESIDENT. Objection being made, the
bill must go over.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The Senator from
Maine withdraws his objection.
The PRESIDENT. 'Then some Senator must
appeal from the decision of the Chair, as the
Chair decides that it is not a private bill.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I ask unanimous con-
sent to consider it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I must object. Let us pro-
ceed in the order which has been designated.
PINE GROVE ACADEMY.
The next bill was one for the relief of the Pine
Grove Academy, in Louisiana; which the Senate
proceeded to consider, as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to confirm the president, directors,
and trustees of the Pine Grove Academy, in the
parish of Caldwell, Louisiana, in their title to the
lot of forty acres of land on which the academy
is situated, near Columbia, donated to them by
Hyams, Chew, and MeCov, claiming under the
Maison Rouge grant, in 1839; and also, in their
I title to a tract of land in the same parish of Cald-
well, with about one mile front on the west bank
of the Ouachita river, and running west between
five and six miles, and known as lot No. 23, in
the flat No. I, of the Maison Rouge grant, sur-
veyed by John Dinsmore, a deputy surveyor of
the United States, containing about four thousand
acres, donated to them by Daniel W. Coxe, one
of the claimants of the grant, in 1839; but this is
to amount only to a relinquishment of title on the
part of the United States.
In 1839, when the title to the Maison Rouge
grant, in Louisiana, was in dispute between the
Government and claimants, though the general
opinion was that their title was good, and it had
been so decided by some of the State courts and
the circuit court of the United States, Messrs.
Haymes, Chew, and McCoy, claiming under the
grant, made a donation of forty acres of the land
in their grant to the trustees of the Pine Grove
Academy, in the parish of Caldwell, for a semi-
nary of learning. On this lot of land a large brick
house and other buildings were erected, and the
academy organized,and has now been in success-
ful operation for several years, and still is so.
About the same time, D. W. Coxe, one of the
largest claimants of the grant, made a donation of
another lot of land near the academy, containing
about four thousand acres. This land is what is
called Pine Hills; poor, and so broken by high
hills as to be of little value; but it is in a healthy
situation, and one convenient for an academy. In
1851, the Supreme Cj?urt decided that the Maison
Rouge grant was invalid, and that the land be-
longed to the United States. The Legislature of
Louisiana requests that the academy may be con-
firmed in their title to these lands, as donated to
them by the claimants under the grant. As the
land is of little value, but important to the cause
of education, in support of which the State has
expended, and is still expending, large sums of
money, especially as it has been long in the pos-
session and use of the academy, which would be
severely injured, or perhaps broken up, by being
deprived of it at this time, the committee are of
opinion that the grant ought to be made.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
GEORGE M. FARNUM.
The bill for the relief of George M. Farnura,
commercial agent at Port Louis, was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The bill proposes to appropriate $7,854 50, to
enable the Secretary of State to pay to Blythe &
Co., of Port Louis, in the Island ofMauritius, the
amount of two bills of exchange drawn upon the
Department of State by George M. Farnum, com-
mercial agent, in payment of the expenses incurred
in relieving destitute American citizens, which
drafts were cashed by Blythe & Co.
The United States bark Peytona, Oliver Nye
Jenkins, master, sailed from New York on the
9th of February, 1853, for Melbourne, in Aus-
tralia, having on board one hundred and thirty-
five passengers. After a series of disasters, and
having put into Bahiaand the Cape of Good Hope
for supplies, the Peytona arrived ■at Port Louis,
in the Mauritius, in the months of July and Au-
gust, in distress. A course of vexatious legal
proceedings were here instituted against Captain
Jenkins and his vessel by some of the passengers
and the crew, which ended in theabandonment and
sale of the Peytona. The crew, and such of the
passengers as were destitute of resources, were
thus thrown upon the hands of Mr. Farnum, the
commercial agent of the United States at Port
Louis. The seamen were relieved by him, and
sent from the island as opportunities presented
themselves; and the destitute passengers, being;
American citizens, to the number of sixty-four,
were placed on board the British bark Harpooner,
bound to Port Philip, in Australia.
To defray the expenses thus incurred, Mr.
Farnum drew two bills on theDepartmentofState,
bearing date December 24, 1853, amounting to-
gether to $7,804 5Q, which were cashed by Messrs.
JSIythe & Co., English merchants at Port Louis.
These biils could not be paid at the Department,
the expenditure not having been made for desti-
tute seamen, for whom alone the law provides.
But, as the case appears to have been one of ex-
treme hardship and undoubted distress, the com-
mittee are unanimously of opinion that Mr. Far-
num was justified in assuming the responsibility
of relieving them.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
MICHAEL HANSON.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill for the relief of Mi-
chael Hanson.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the In-
terior to place the name of Michael Hanson upon
the roll of invalid naval pensioners, at the rate of
six dollars per month, commencing January 1,
1846.
Hanson has been in the naval service of the
United States twenty-one years; and has, during
that period, sustained a good reputation for cor-
rect habits and for efficiency and fidelity as a sea-
man. He is now old and poor, and suffering
under injuries received while on board the frigate
United States, under the command of Commander
Williamson, in 1837. The injury was a rupture
of the groin, and is fully established by proof
derived from the surgeon and other officers of the
ship. The extent of his present disability is shown
to be one half. A bill for his relief first passed the
Senate in 1846, and in view of the long delay, the
