644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of James Bell, deceased—By Mr. Stoart.
The bill for the relief of Cyrus H. McCormick
—By Mr. Benjamin.
The bill for the relief of the chiefs, headmen,
and warriors of the friendly Creek Indians engaged
in the war of 1814—By Mr. Clay.
The bill for the relief of Charles Stearns—By
Mr. Bayard.
The bill to authorize T. H. McManus to enter,
by preemption, certain lands in the Greensburg
land district—The report was adverse.
The bill for the relief of John Boyd—By Mr.
TITelleRi
The biil for the relief of William K. Jennings,
and others—By Mr. Somner.
The bill for the relief of the widow of James C.
Batchelder, who was killed while assisting the
United States marshal for the district of Massa-
chusetts in the execution of a law of Congress—
By Mr. Sumner.
The bill for the relief of Robert C. Schenck and
John S. Pendleton—By Mr. Walker.
The joint resolution for the relief John Donnell
& Sons—By Mr. Benjamin.
House bill for the relief of Adolphus Mier and
company, of St. Louis—By Mr. Benjamin.
House bill for the relief of Charles H. Wilgus
—By Mr. Weller.
House bill for the relief of S. R. Lyon, and
Dean S. Howard, of the State of New York—
By Mr. Stitart.
House bill for the relief of John H. King—
By Mr. Clay.
House bill for the relief Anna E. Cook—By
Mr. Clay.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the following bills of the House:
A bill to secure the rights of citizenship to chil-
dren of citizens of the United States born out of
the limits thereof;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Larkin Smith;
and „ „ „
A bill for the relief of Lieutenant J. C. Cartter.
Also; that they had passed bills of the following
titles, in which they requested the concurrence of
the Senate: .
A bill changing the times of holding the United
States courts in Tennessee;
A bill to provide for holding the United States
courts in the northern and southern districts of
Florida, in case of the sickness or disability of
either of the judges of those districts;
A bill to regulate the salaries of the district
judges of the United States;
A joint resolution explanatory of the act giving
compensation to Judges Woodbridge and Chip-
man;
• A bill to divide the State of Illinois into two
judicial districts;
A bill concerning the apprehension and delivery
of deserters from foreign vessels in the ports of the
United States;
A bill to provide for the accommodation of the
courts of the United States for the districtof Mary-
land, and for a post office at Baltimore city, Mary-
la A'bill to amend the act, approved August 31,
1852, making further provision for the satisfac-
tion of Virginia land warrants; and
A bill to authorize the printing of the opinions
of the Attorney General.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills, which were
thereupon signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill for the relief of Samuel A. Belden&Co.;
A bill to provide for the ascertainment and satis-
faction of claims of American citizens for spolia-
tion committed by the French prior to the 31st
day of July, 1801;
A bill to refund to the officers of the customs
and others, of the district of Passamaquoddy,
certain moneys; .... n.-- v utv,:.-
A bill confirming a land claim to E ijah White,
of the Territory of Washington;
A bill for the relief of George Bush, of Thurs-
ton county, Washington Territory;
A bill for the relief of Daniel Morse, of Essex,
county of Chittenden, in the State of Vermont;
A bill to divide the State of Ohio into two judi-
cial districts, and to provide for holding the dis-
trict courts of the United States therein;
A bill to secure the rights of citizenship to the
children of citizens of the United States born out
of the limits thereof; and
A bill for the relief of John Steene.
ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTS.
Mr. ADAMS presented additional documents
in the case of D. M. Wilson & Co.; which were
referred to the Committee on Claims.
BRIG GENERAL ARMSTRONG.
Mr. STUART. The time which was fixed in
the order made this morning as the limit for the
consideration of those bills which were not ob-
jected to, has now arrived. I am very anxious to
have the Armstrong case disposed of.
Several Senators. We had better go through
with the private bills that are not objected to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair understood trom the Pres-
ident of the Senate that, at the time of meeting
this morning, the Senate, by general understand-
ing, determined to proceed to the consideration of
such cases on the Private Calendar as would not
lead to debate, until two o'clock. At that time
they were to proceed to the consideration of what
is called the Armstrong case. The subject, how-
ever, is under the control of the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. I think we had better go on
with bills that are not objected to.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. 1 hope we shall take
up the Armstrong case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
put the question. It is moved that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideiation of the Armstrong case.
Mr. WELLER. Allow me to say that this
morning, when a single objection would have pre-
vented the course which we have pursued, I ab-
stained from interposing that objection with the
understanding that, at two o'clock, the Senate
would go back and resume the consideration of
the regular Calendar. Now, it seems that it is
under the control of the majority.
Mr. STUART. Not at all.
The PRESIDENT. The order of the Senate
was that, at two o'clock, they would proceed to
the consideration of the unfinished business of
last Friday. The question, therefore, is on recon-
sidering the vote by which the bill for the relief
of the claimants of the private armed brig General
Armstrong was ordered to be engrossed ior a third
reading.
Mr. CASS. I shall not detain the Senate five
minutes, but since the Senate met 1 have laid my
hand upon an English paper, which exhibits such
a real curiosity, connected with this subject of
privateering, that I must read an extract to the
Senate. 1 will remark, Mr. President, that one
motive which I have in voting for this proposition
is, that I consider it will be very encouraging to
our citizens in time of war. In the present state
of the world, if we are driven to war, we must
depend very much for maritime warfare on priva-
teers. We cannot cope with the great naval
powers of the world without resorting m that way
to our citizens. Upon thatsubject some very just,
proper, and judicious remarks were made by the
President at the commencement of the session,
which I will read. It seems that so far as respects
the doctrine that " free ships make free goods,"
the Piesident has assented to it, and he has been
i met on that proposition by Russia alone. liepro-
! posed it to the two other belligerents in the present
war, but they have not acceded to it. They have
held it in abeyance; I do not know why. He then
goes on to remark:
" The King of Prussia entirely appioves of the project of a
treaty to ihe same eiFeet, submitted to him, bat proposes an
additional article, providing for the renunciation of priva-
teerin". Such an article, lor most obvious reasons, is much
desired by nations having naval establishments} larger in
propoition to their foreign commerce. If it were adopted
as an international rule, the commerce of a nation having
comparatively a &>mall naval foice would be very much at
the mercy of its enemy in ease of war with a rower of de-
cided naval superiority. The bare statement ot the condi-
tion m which the United Stales would be placed, alter
having surrendered the right to resort to privateers, in the
event of war with a belligerent of naval supremacy, will
show that this Government could never listen to such a
proposition. The navy of the first maritime Powenn
Europe is at least ten times as large as that of the united
States. The foreign commerce of the two countries is
nearly equal, and about equally exposed to hostile depre-
dations. In war between that Power and the United btates,
without resort on our pan to our mercantile marine, the
means of our ewmy to inflict injury upon our commerce,
would be tenfold greater than ours to retaliate, vv e could
not extricate our country from this unequal condition, with
such an enemy, unless we at once departed from our pres-
ent peaceful policy, and become a great naval Power. Nor
would this country be better situated in war with one of the
secondary naval Powers. Though the naval disparity would
be less, the greater extent and more exposed condition Of
our wide-spread commerce would give any of them a like
advantage over us.
"The proposition to enter into engagements to forego a re-
sort to privateers, in case this country should be forced into
war with a great naval Power, is not entitled to more fa-
vorable consideration than would be a proposition to agree
not to accept the services of volunteers for operations OH
land. When the honor or the rights of our country require
it to assume a hostile attitude, it confidently relies upon the
patriotism of its citizens, not ordinarily devoted to the mil-
itary profession, to augment the Army and the Navy, so as
to make them fully adequate to the emergency which calls
them into action. The proposal to surrender the right to
employ privateers is professedly founded upon the principle
.that private property of unoffending non-combatants,
though enemies, should be exempt from the ravagespf war;
but the proposed surrender goes but a little way in carrying
out that principle, which equally requires that such private
property should not be seized or molested by national ships
of war. Should the leading Powers of Europe concur in
proposing, as a rule of international law, to exempt private
property, upon the ocean, from seizure by public-armed
cruisers, as well as by privateers, the United States will
readily meet them upon that broad ground."
I will now call the attention of the Senate to
some remarks made upon this proposition in the
peculiar, characteristic style of Englishmen, in a
London liberal paper," The Examiner." It takes
some very curious views on the subject:
"The rights of neutrals form, of course, a large and im-
portant poriion of the American message. The acceptance
by England and France of the principle, even for the time,
that tree ships make free goods, is hailed as an advance.
But surely such a waiving of belligerent rights by the two
great maritime nations ought to have suggested an example
to ihe United States. It would seem that their right of
granting letters of marque to cruisers, in case their country
should he at war, is still to be maintained. On this point,
President Pierce puts forth arguments singularly at variance
with, or raihei singularly behind, those which prevail in
Europe. Fn the Old World greater and greater reluctance
h shown to the use of mercenary troops. We prefer
making war with our own men and our own resources, or
with those of our frank and avowed allies. To purloin or
purchase fighting men from timid neutrals is very generally
disliked. The American President nevertheless argues,
that merely because America is weak in ships of war, it
must retain the right of chartering privateers among those
of any or of all countries anxious to practise the profession
of sea-robbers. And on no account is America to desist
from this practice, until the broad principle is established of
respecting private property whether on shipboard or on
land.
''This may appear to have in view a very specious and
philanthropic object, but it would be found, we suspect,
hugely difficult of application. For example, were such a
principle established, a country like the United States
might be guilty of the most wanton aggression, yet by pre-
senting no ships of war at sea, and no fortresses or objects
of national property near the coast, it might prevent the
fleets of the injured Power from exercising reprisals, or
takipg vengeance of any kind. The smallest island Power
might with impunity provoke the strongest, the existence
of fleets themselves would ultimately become idle, and
what are called maritime Powers might be swept from the
map of the world. That the United Slates contemplate
establishing a principle from which such results may flow,
we can hardly believe. We prefer to assume that, when
they please to make such demands?, it is merely a mode of
refusing or evading counter demands more reasonable."
This article, from which I have read an extract
takes the ground that England never subsidizes,
and never engages in a mercenary war. Now,
Mr. President, as to granting letters of marque
and reprisal, we have never sold them to for-
eigners; we never sell them as they do in Europe.
There is nothing mercenary about our mode of
procedure, unless it is mercenary to employ our
own citizens to fight our own battles. I do not
know of an instance in the history of our Govern-
ment in which we have employed foreign priva-
teers. We have discountenanced it from the
commencement; and now let me say, that the
principle for which the President contends is a
great principle of the law of nations, which has
been acted on for centuries. When the millenium
arrives, when there is no war to do harm, it will
be very well to abandon everything; but until
then we must hold to our rights, when those
rights are essentially necessary to our self-preser-
vation. England, says this modest writer, subsi-
dizes nobody; makes no mercenary warfare. She
subsidizes the whole face of creation. She subsi-
dized Europe for twenty years against Napoleon.
She subsidized the Hessians to come to this
country. She subsidized the Indians; and at this
very moment she is subsidizing the Sardinian
Government to raise fifteen thousand men, and
has passed a new law subsidizing an immense
number of troops on the continent; and yet, with
