1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
045
all these facta before him, this English writer puts
forth to England and to the world, the belief that
the United States alone, in refusing to surrender
everything, are guided by mercenary motives.
John Bull has a notorious power of deglutition;
we all know that; but 1 say, if he can swallow
this, his capacity exceeds that of any anaconda
which can be found in the vast regions that he
has gained by subsidizing one portion of the
people against another. There is an English idio-
syncracy on this subject. Sometimes I am almost
ready to believe that they are serious; but I can-
not, at others, come to that conclusion. They
are always talking about forbearance and modera-
tion, and about the cupidity and capacity for
acquisition of Brother Jonathan ! A State, lying
Off the west coast of Europe, she commands half
the world, and has given rise to that most magr
nificent metaphor of Mr. Webster, in which he
says that the sound of her drum follows the sun
over the world. How did she get it all? Sir, she
never got a foot of it except by war, by blood-
shed; and, sir, we have not obtained a foot by
such means. I have merely brought this to the
attention of the Senate as about the strangest
inconsistency that can be found; and I have no
doubt whatever, that from John O'Groat'a house
to the Land's end, every word of that will be
read, believed, and swallowed.
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays on
the motion to reconsider; and they were ordered.
Mr. PEARCE addressed the Senate. His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will state that I exam-
ined the subject. A bill was introduced by Mr.
Webster on the last evening but one of the ses-
sion, in 1834. It passed the Senate immediately,
and was sent to the other House, and concurred
in immediately; and, as I understand from the
report in the Globe, it was a gratuity by the Gov-
ernment, for the gallantry shown on that occasion,
of a sum of money to be distributed pro rata, as if
it were prize money, among the captain and crew.
Mr. BELL. That is a material consideration
with me. I have voted for this bill heretofore; but
I had understood that that was given in consider-
ation of that amount, at least, which was due to
the brig General Armstrong for the captures of
British vessels prior to her destruction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There was no occasion
for a law authorizing the distribution of prize
money to the parties. The act is entitled " An act
to distribute a sum of money among the officers
and crew of the General Armstrong." It is to be
distributed as prize money; but that, as suggested
by the Senator from Maryland, is merely showing
the mode of distribution. It was not prize money
that they were entitled to. If there was so much
money due them for prize money, there was no
need of a law to authorize its distribution.
Mr. BELL. I have voted for this bill steadily
heretofore; but one of the grounds upon which I
have given my vote was, that I thought it was a
proper case for such a gratuity. I should have
supposed that it ought to have been a larger
amount than $10,000, if that is what the appro-
priation was made for.
The honorable Senator from Maryland says
that the intimation of the Senator from Michigan
was rather extravagant; that we ought, as a gra-
tuity for the gallantry of the officers and crew of
the brig General Armstrong, to make this appro-
priation of money; but, sir, I think that the Sen-
ator, by a little inquiry, will find that it has been
the habit of this Government to make gratuities
of that kind, in consideration of the extraordinary
gallantry and achievements of our naval force, and
also of privateers. Why, sir, the Guerriere was
destroyed by the Constitution. The officers and
crew of the Constitution had no right to prize
money for that gallant achievement in virtue of
having captured the Guerriere; but Congress, I
believe, granted them one half of the supposed
value, at least, of what was lost—$100,000; and
I think that, during the war, it was a common
occurrence for the Congress of the United States
to vote large gratuities for extraordinary gallantry
and achievements in the Navy.
I confess that in this I have been influenced
somewhat by that idea of a sound public policy
upon which a gratuity voted by Congress may be
placed, looking upon this as a highly proper case
for the Congress of the United States, when they
have the ability., when they hav« ample means, to
vote such a gratuity. If there were no other con-
siderations, why should we not, on that of the
uncommon gallantry of the officers and crew of
the General Armstrong alone, do to them as we
did to others? But, if the $10,000 was supposed
to be a sufficient gratuity, and that was the ground
upon which the appropriation was made, the ques-
tion would arise, very properly, whether it would
be right to go into the subject again, and enlarge
the gratuity.
I confess, however, that I had strongly in my
mind, other feelings, outside of the legal ques-
tions—the questions of public law which have
been presented, and so ably and ingeniously ar-
gued by Senators on both sides. I think I stated
at t{>e last session of Congress, that there is no
question upon the subject of public law applicable
to this case. I think I was pretty clear that it is
not a claim upon this Government stricti juris. It
cannot be made out. The Government is not
obliged to go to war to exact it from Portugal. I
admit that; and perhaps there may be considera-
tions connected with it which exonerate Portu-
gal from any liability to this Government. If a
Government, claiming to be a free and independ-
ent State, and one of the family of nations, neg-
lects to do all in her power to prevent such an
aggression'upon her rights in her borders, and the
vessel of a nation with whom she is in amity is
pursued, captured, and destroyed, under circum-
stances that show any connivance, or any with-
holding of the power, that is a case in which the
injured Government might make a casus belli. One
question might arise here, whether, in fact, the
Government of Portugal did do all in its power ?
This brig was brought after the first fire, and
when the boats of the enemy approached, under
the very guns of the fort, but not a gun was fired
from the fort in her protection. All that we see
in the papers is the remonstrance of the Governor
to the Briush commander-in-chief, after the second
attack, or before the second or third attack, at four
o'clock in the morning. Here were the means in
the power of the Governor of Fayal to prevent the
armament that was brought to bear upon the brig
General Armstrong from destroying her. In the
British fleet there was one large class frigate, and
one or two sloops-of-war; in fact it was a squadron
that was fitted out for the purpose of strengthening
the British armament, which had already been sent
for the purpose of capturing New Orleans. The
vessels v.'ere too large to get into the harbor, with
the exception of one small brig. This brig, under
the very guns of the fort, was permitted to bring
herself alongside the brig General Armstrong, to
wage battle against her, after the gun-boats had
attacked her. As the Governor of Fayal states,
in his remonstrance, he counted twelve boats fully
armed, with their full complement of men. At
the second attack they were defeated. Between
three and four hundred men were killed, and sev-
eral boats were sunk. In three of them, he states,
he could not see a man, and he saw the whole
transaction; but after that they sentan armed brig
or sloop-of-war from the Biitish squadron, which
went alongside of the brig General Armstrong
right under the fort, and not a gun was fired from
the fort in protection of the General Armstrong.
But the commander-in-chief of the British force
intimated and said that, if a gun was fired from
the fort, or any step was taken to piotectthe Gen-
eral Armstrong, he would consider it a hostile act
towards Great Britain, and treat the Government
of Portugal accordingly. Under this threat, sir,
it was that no opposition was made by the Por-
tuguese Governor to prevent the capture or the de-
struction of the General Armstrong, which was
lying right under the guns of the fort, where the
larger vessels of the British squadron could not
approach, and could be of no use against her.
He had it in his power, but for this threat of ulti-
mate vengeance, to prevent the capture, and that
prevented him.
But, Mr. President, 1 will throw that out of
view in stating the grounds on which I have been
influenced to support this bill. I have no peculiar
friendship, or anything else for any of the claim-
ants. I have no particular interest in the bill at
all, except such as I can derive from public con-
siderations, and public policy, and public justice.
I shall not occupy the time of the Senate m read-
ing all the papers connected with this case; but
the idea of the American brig commencing the
aggression is indignantly spurned in the communi-
cation of the Governor of Fayal; and not only in
the communication which he sends to his own
Government, but wherever else he has spoken of
it he characterizes it indignantly as an atrocious
outrage on the part of the British. He speaks of
it so to his own Government. This is admitted
by the honorable Senators who oppose the bill;
and, Mr. President, I think it is right to refer to
one sentiment which is contained in the communi-
cation of the Governor of this Island to his own
Government upon this subject. It is as follows:
" His Excellency will likewise observe the base attempt
of the British commander at the time lie commenced the
unprovoked attack on the American privateer, to attribute
those violent flieasures to the breaking of the neutrality oa
the part of the Americans in the first instance, by repelling
the British armed barges that were sent for the purpose of
reconnoitenng that vessel, advocating, with the most mani-
fest duplicity, that they were consequently the aggressors."
That was the language of the Portuguese Gov-
ernor. It was the language which was addressed
to his own Prince Regent. It was the language
which was addressed to the British minister, Lord
Strangford, and authorized to be communicated to
the British Government at home. He character-
izes it as a " base attempt," " duplicity," a pre-
text to shelter themselves against the charge of a
violation of public law upon that occasion, by
attributing to the American brig the first aggres-
sion. Sir, the Governor, in his communication,
states that he saw the whole " tragedy," as he
calls it, from beginning to end, until the last at-
tack of the boats at four o'clock in the morning.
After one or two abortive attempts they brought
the brig to bear upon the General Armstrong right
under the fort. That was in daylight, after the
tragedy, as he designates it,and the outrageof the
preceding night. He saw it. He states the num-
ber of boats; there were three or four out of the
twelve boats in which, after the second attack, he
could not see one man left. They were destroyed
by the gallantry of these one hundred Americans
against five hundred of the enemy, at least. Sir,
there is scarcely a transaction in American annals
which displays such courage as was manifested
by the officers and crew of the brig General Arm-
strong, on that occasion.
Here is this fact: we prosecuted this claim urg-
ently for forty years againstPortugal. Was there
ever an American Minister or a Portuguese Min-
ister who did not understand that this was a claim
in fact, and ^indirectly prosecuted, against the
British Government? Why, sir, how was the
Portuguese Government then or now situated?
I have not recently read much in the history of
the diplomatic connection between the Government
of Great Britain and Portugal; but it is little dif-
ferent from the protectorate which Great Britain
sets up over other Governments. The Govern-
ment of Portugal has existed for a quarter or
half a century, under the protection of Great
Britain. Her treaties are all formed in con-
formity with British commercial policy. There
has been a greater degree of dependence on Great
Britain on the part of Portugal, than of any Power
in the family of nations. We knew that. We
have prosecuted this claim, then, sedulously and
earnestly, as the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware has said; we even went so far as to threaten
war, or rather the Executive stated that he should
feel it to be his duty to make a communication to
Congress; and thus we had almost, in prosecuting
the claim, gone to the verge of a declaration of
war against the Government of Portugal. We
had claimed this amount for forty years. W«
had claimed the indemnity for forty years. It
was against British diplomacy; it was against Brit-
ish interest and British feeling; it was in opposi-
tion to those feelings, that this claim was prose-
cuted by the Government of the United States.
We knew it; our Government knew it; because'
all the time such a relation existed between Por-
tugal and Great Britain, that the moment'Portu-
gal conceded the indemnity claimed by the United
States, the British Government would have in-
demnified her, and the British Government did
pay the damages to private property which were
caused by the attack on the brig General Arm-
strong. They injured private property—some
buildings and other property, I forget of what par-
ticular kind—and in addition to that, a woman,
having five children, was struck and killed by a
ball from the brig that went in alongside the Gen-
eral Armstrong.
But, sir, upon the remonstrance of the Portu-
