646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
guese Government, the Government of Great
Britain, after a time, did make indemnity for the
damages done to the Portugese Government in the
private property which waa destroyed by that
attack on the General Armstrong. Our Govern-
ment prosecuted this claim for forty years, feeling
and knowing all the time that we had to encounter
all the weight of British diplomacy and British in-
terest, and British character, if you please, to some
extent. It was a point of honor with Great Brit-
ain to defeat it. If Portugal had thought proper
at any time, to pay the claim to us, such were the
relations existing between the two countries that
Great Britain would have indemnified, lier.
Now,sir,thequestionhas been so managed that
at the end of forty years we referred the subject
to the President of the French Republic. He
made a decision which I must say, under the cir-
cumstances, is a most preposterous one. He did
not assume that the Government of Portugal was
not responsible to this Government, according to
the public law which has been read by the honor-
able Senator from Maryland, from Wheaton; but
he takes the preposterous position that the Amer-
ican brig was the aggressor upon the British boats
that entered the harbor. He made this decision
in the face of the declaration of the Governor of
Fayal himself that the whole conduct of the British
was outrageous, and it was a base act of duplicity
on the part of the commander of the British squad-
ron to set up any such pretext. In defiance of this
authority, the referee takes the position that the
American brig was the aggressor.
Now, sir, ought we not in vindication of our
own candor, and honor, and common sense, to pay
this claim ? We pressed it almost to the point of
■war against Portugal, and at last it was decided
decided against the United States upon a false
issue; on the ground that, in fact, the American
brig was the first aggressor, although there was
never before any pretense of that sort. We have
the declaration of the Portuguese Governor of the
Azores, who witnessed the whale transaction, that
this was a mere pretense, an indecent pretext setup
by the British commander to shelter himself from
the responsibility of making an attack under such
circumstances. Ought we now to allow it to be
considered as settled on such a preposterous
ground as that upon which it was decided in def-
erence to British interest, and British feeling, and
British character ? Does it not become the Amer-
ican Government to vindicate its honor and sin-
cerity by the passage of this bill? I think it comes
down to a question of common sense. Surely this
Government deceived the parties when it prose-
cuted their claim, if, according to the decision of
the President of the French Republic, the evidence
is patent that the Americans were the aggressors
in the contest. Should we let it drop ami not pay
one cent under such circumstances ? That, per-
haps, is not a feeling upon which, alone, it would
be sufficient to stand in regard to the question,
whether this bill ought to pass or not; but it has
entered into my consideration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have a few words to
say in consequence of what has fallen from the
honorable Senator from Tennessee. He bases his
proposed action on this bill on the idea that we
ought to make compensation for the gallant servi-
ces of these parties. Well, sir, in the first place,
we have made compensation. If it be not so much
as we ought to make, yet it is partial compensa-
tion. In the next place, this bill is not intended I
solely to compensate them for those gallant actions '
■which have been so often alluded to. It is a bill
to pay the value of the vessel and outfit, for which
I hold the owners have no claim whatever; and
besides that, it is a bill to pay for the anticipated
profits of the voyage.
Mr. BELL. Does that appear on the face of
the bill ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It appears on the face of
the bill that it is limited to $131,600, and, as the
honorable Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benja-
min] showed the other day, it is a clear intimation
on the face of the bill that we are willing to pay
not only for the gallant services of the officers and
crew, but also for the value of the vessel and her
outfit, and for the loss of the anticipated profits of
the voyage. The amount can be reached in no
other way. It is $40,000 for the vessel and outfit,
and $50,000, as the honorable Senator from Lou-
isiana stated, for the anticipated profits. Now, if
this bill can be so changed as to allow a reasonable
sum of money as compensation to the officers and
crew for their gallantry on that occasion, I shall
be as ready to vote for it, if the sum comes within
my view of what is right, as anybody; but I am
not willing, on the case here made up, to pay the
officers and crew, to pay for the vessel and outfit,
and also to pay $50,000 for the anticipated profits
of the expedition.
I have a word or two to say as to the question
of law in this case. It is stated in a communica-
tion made by Mr. Kavanaugh to the Portuguese
Minister for Foreign Affairs, that the Governor of
the port of Fayal did not conceive himself able to
resist the force that might be brought to bear upon
him if he interfered. The British commander had
signified his intention to destroy that vessel all
events. The Governor remonstrated over and over
again; but he could not prevent the attack. There
was a large British fleet lying at anchor, and that
fleet could have been brought so as to have its
guns bear on the town. In order to save the prop-
erty and the lives of the subjects of Portugal, the
Governor concluded he would offer no resistance.
That is a sufficient justification for Portugal at any
rate; but I go further, and say that in no book on
public law anywhere, by any author, according to
my belief—and I have examined several—can you
find an intimation that it is the duty of one neutral
Power, under such circumstances, to resist by
force. The only thing you can find in the books
on the subject, is, that the neutral Power under
such circumstances, has a right to fire upon the
force, whatever it is, that violates its neutrality;
but nowhere is the proposition advanced that it is
the duly of the neutral, under the law of nations,
to do so. This is for the plain reason that they
are not obliged to enter into the fight unless they
choose to do so.
Sir, let me illustrate this idea by a supposition.
Suppose the case of a squadron lying iti a neutral
port about to make an attack upon a belligerent
vessel in that port. Her commander says to the
governor of the port, or commander of the fortress
or town, or whatever it is, " If you resist, I will
burn your town and slaughter your people; but
if you keep still, you shall not be harmed." Will
anybody pretend that the neutral Power is bound,
under such circumstances, to expose the property
and lives of its citizens or subjects to an attack,
and to all the consequences which might follow it?
Sir, there is no such doctrine.
The idea in the law cf nations of the invio-
lability of neutral territory is founded solely on
the rights of the neutral, and not on the rights of
the belligerents. The belligerents have no right,
unless to insist that the neutral Power does not
interfere in favor of either party. To be sure, if
this is canied to a point of subserviency, there
may be ground to consider it a casus belli; but if
the neuticl acts in good faith, simply withholding
any armed resistance is not a ground of complaint.
I say then there was no ground whatever for the
claim made upon Portugal of pecuniary responsi-
bility; and £ think, if Senators will look at the
question, they will find that it has been decided by
the highest authority, that a belligerent whose
property has been taken in neutral territory, has
no claim, except upon the niutral, when the prop-
erty gets into the hands and power of the neutral,
to have it restored. The neutral has a right to
interfere, and demand that it be given up; but the
belligerent has no such right, for, within the law
of nations, belligerents may fight wherever they
meet, and if they fight on neutral territory, it is
an outrage on the neutral Power, but not on each
other.
In my judgment, therefore, the question stands
in this light: It is no matter whether the Prince
President of France decided the case wrongfully
on the ground which he assumed. If he decided
it erroneously on the point stated, and the de-
cision was right on any ground, the honorable Sen-
ator from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] knows well—
nobody knows better—that it stands. Where a
proper judgment is rendered, although it may be
on a wrong point, the appellate court does not
reverse the decision, if it be manifest, from the
whole record, that the decision was right. At any
rate, such is the law in my section of the country.
Hence, if the Prince President had simply said,
as he might have said, there was no ground in the
beginning for this claim on Portugal, he would
have taken a position sustainable by every prin-
ciple of public law. I am not of opinion, upon
my examination of the matter, that his decision
was wrong, even on the facts. At any rate, he
had the whole subject before him, which we never
have had. We have had onlyone side before us.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall not detain the Senate
by an argument on the question which has just
been renewed by the honorable Senator from Ma-
ryland, and the honorable Senator from Maine, as
to what are the obligations of a neutral Power to
either of the belligerents at war. Those honor-
able gentlemen appear to have consulted the writers
on the laws of nations on that point. I have not
read those authorities for many years; I have
never read them in reference to this case. I feel
no doubt, however, that if I had time for the in-
vestigation, though I might not find the principle
which I stated asserted in direct terms, I could
fold such principles stated as would lead to the
inevitable corollary that protection was due. In-
deed, I think that, from thequotation made by the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] that infer-
ence must necessarily be drawn; and in the very
nature of things, it must be so. I will point out
the delusion of the argument, as it seems to me, of
the Senators from Maine and Maryland.
I admit as fully as they do that, as between
belligerents, there is no right to claim indemnity
for losses, although the laws of war may be vio-
lated by the attack of one belligerent on another in
a neutral port. I admit that, because the law of
war as between belligerents is the law of force,
and no right can accrue during war in favor of
one of them against the other. But that the at-
tack of one belligerent upon another within neu-
tral territory, is a violation of the laws of nations,
nobody can deny. It is a violation of the right
which, under the law of nation, the other belliger-
ent has to be exempt from warfare within neutral
territory. I admit, unhesitatingly, that it is a right
which adheres to the neutral nation, and can only
be asserted as against the belligerent power who
commits the wrong, through the neutral nation.
But I say, sir, this further doctrine is the inev-
itable corollary from it: that if a nation assumes
the character of a nation, and the rights and
exemptions of a neutral under the laws of nations,
she is bound to perform the duties of a neutral,
and one of those duties is the protection against
wrong of other nations within her territorial juris-
diction. If she fails, even from weakness, to
redress those wrongs, she can at least compensate
them by paying damages for the individual injury.
Now, take the remark which was read on a
former occasion by the honorable Senator from
Michigan, from Wildman's International Law.
I will not detain the Senate further than to read it,
and state the inference which I draw from it:
"The capture of ships within the territory of a neutral
State, or within three niile>4 of the coast, or the capture of
fhips beyond the territory by boats within the territory is
illegal, with respect to the neutral sovereign, but not with
respect to the enemy. The privilege of territory will not of
itself mure to the protection of property; unless the State
hom which Uiat protection is due, steps forward to a&sert
the litfhr, it is not competent to the party to whom the
property belongs to avail himself of that plea."
^ I admit no claim could be made in this case by
tne injured American citizens on the British Gov-
ernment for the belligerent act, though that bel-
ligerent act might be a violation of all the usag s
of war, and of the laws of nations. But, sir, if
protection is due from the neutral to the other
belligerent, and the nation is too weak to afford
the protection, is it not a necessary corollary that
she is to compensate for the loss ? We look for
our redress to the nation that outrages our rights.
It seems to me that the laws of nations must be
treated as mere laws of force, if that is not the
true doctrine. It is a necessary result, the moment
you admit that protection is due from the neutral
nation to a belligerent attacked in its ports, if the
nation is too weak to give the protection, she is
not too weak to compensate for the loss.
Mr. STUART. I should like very much to
reply to some arguments which have been made
m favor of this bill; but, sir, the honorable Sena-
tor from Louisiana [Mr. Slidell] assured us this
morning that the friends of the bill were not to
discuss it, and I dislike to extend his responsibil-
ity any further. He has suffered a great deal al-
ready, and if he is to furnish the remedy, he has
made himself responsible for very large damages.
I hope we shall be permitted to vote on this ques-
tion now.
Mr. TOUCEY. I do not rise for the purpose
