1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
647
of entering into any discussion in regard to this
bill. I liave listened very attentively to the argu-
ments that have been presented in its favor, and I
will only say that I have not been able to discover
any ground of public law applicable to the facts of
this case, upon which the Government can be held
liable. I say this merely for the purpose of sta-
ting generally the principle on which my vote is
based.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the motion to reconsider, resulte'd—yeas 24, nays
17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Benjamin, Brainerd,
Butler, Chase, Clay, Dawson, Evans, Fessenden, Fitzpat-
rick, Gillette, Hamlin, Hunter, Jones ofTennessee, I'earee,
Pratt, Stuart, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Toucey,
Wade, Walker, and Wells—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell, Brown, Clayton, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,Geyer, James, Jones
of Iowa, Morton, Pettit, llusk, Seward, Slidell, We Her,
and Wriglit—17.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question recurred on ordering the"bill to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
Mr. CLAY. As a test question, I move that
the bill lie on the table.
Mr. SLIDELL. Will my friend from Alabama
withdraw that motion to allow me to make a re-
mark ?
Mr. CLAY. Yes, sir.
Mr. SLIDELL. My colleague stated that he
was in favor of granting some compensation to
the claimants under this bill, and he signified his
intention, if the bill should be reconsidered, of pre-
senting an amendment to that effect. I think an
opportunity should be afforded for the presenta- j
tion of that amendment, and that it may be acted
on without discussion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I stated that I was willing
to vote for a substitute for the bill, by way of
amendment, which should give a reasonable sum
of money to the captain, officers, and crew, (noth-
ing to the ov/ners,) as a testimonial by Congress
for their services. I am willing to vote for such an
amendment now. I understood the friends of the
bill had in their possession an amendment drawn
up for that purpose.
Mr. CLAY. If no amendment of that kind be
offered, or if no gentleman alleges that he has such
an amendment, I will renew the motion. I move
that the bill lie on the table; and on that motion I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SLIDELL. Before the question is taken,
j will state that the Senator from Virginia, whom
do not now see in his seat, [Mr, Mason,] has
prepared an amendment to that effect. I presume
he can be sent for to his committee room, where
he probably is at present.
Mr. BAYARD. I have the amendment which
is referred to, and I will now offer it if it be in
order.
The PRESIDENT. It cannot be received, as
the pending question is a motion to lay on the
table, on which the yeas and nays have been or-
dered.
The yeas and nays were taken; and resulted—
yeas 22, nays 19; as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. Adams. Allen, Bras nerd, Butler, Cha^f,
Clay, Dawson, Evans, Fessendon, Fit/.patrick, (iilieue,
Hanilm. Hunter, Jones of [owa, Jones of Tennessee,
Pearce, Piatt, Stuart, Sumner, Toucey,Wade, and Walker
—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Brown, Clay-
ton, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Geyer,
James, Mason, Morton, Pettit, Rusk, Seward, Slidell,
Thompson of Kentusky, Weller, and Wright—19.
So the bill was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I voted with the ma-
jority on this motion for the purpose of moving a
reconsideration. I now move to reconsider the
vote, as I understand the Senator from Virginia
has a proposition to submit as a compromise,
which, I believe, will be agreed to by the gentle-
men on both sides.
Mr. WELLER. Let the notice for reconsider-
ation be entered.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. There are several
friends of the bill absent, and a test vote now
would not be just to them.
Mr. CLAYTON. There are several friends of
the bill out of their places to-day. It is believed
by its friends that there is a decided majority of
the Senate in its favor. 1 trust my friend from
Iowa will have no objection to allowing his mo-,
tion to lay over until to-morrow.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Certainly not. I make
the motion to reconsider, and now I move that the
further consideration of the subject be postponed
until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
MOORE AND HASCALL.
Mr. STUART. I wish to ask the attention of
the Senate, for a few minutes, to a matter which,
I think, can be disposed of readily. It will be
recollected that, at the last session, I made a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote on the bill for the re-
lief of Hiram Moore and John Hascall. Much
discussion originated at that time between the
honorable Senator fromWisconsin [Mr. Walker]
and myself, on the character of that bill. 1 pro-
pose now, if the Senate will reconsider the vote,
to adopt the suggestion then made by that Setij
ator, and offer a substitute, which simply applies
to the original patent, to the extension of which,
I understand, there is no objection. I move to
take up the bill for the purpose of submitting that
amendment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion made at the last session, by the Senator
from Michigan, to reconsider the vote by which
the Senate refused to order the bill to be engrossed
for a third reading.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I now move to strike out all
after the enacting clause of the bill, and insert the
following, as a substitute:
Tiiat Hie Commissioner of Patents be, and lie is hereby,
authorized and lequired to Ileal and consider llie apithea-
tion ot' Hiram Moore, for the renewal and extension of the
letters patent granted to the said Hiram Mooie and John
Hascall foi improvements in harvesting gram, dated June
28, 1830, m the t-aine manner and upon the same punciples
us if he wa-s applying under existing laws for the extension
of an unexpired patent, and to refuse a renewal of saul
patent, or to revive and extend the same l'or the term of
seven years fiom and after the pas&aiie of this* bill, ot to the
28th of June, 1864, as in This respect he shall think just and
proper: Provided, The said Hiram Moore shall fiist, and
within six months, pay into Hie Tieasury to the credit of
the patent fund the fees required by law lor the extension
of patents: Prodded, also, That no person shall he held
under this act in any way accountable for the use or sale of
any machine now made or which may within six months
fiom the passage of this act he made or sold lor u>.e. And
all rights and interests m said patent heretofore granted or
assigned by said patentees, shall inure to and be enjoyed
by said assignees respectively during the renewed term of
said patent, upon the same conditions and to the same
extent as during the term that did exist when such sale or
assignment was made.
Mr. DAWSON. I ask that this bill maybe
postponed until I can look into the question, and
see its bearing. It is known that there is a conflict
between these gentlemen and others claiming a
renewal of patents for similar machines. The
amendment han just been presented, and I really
cannot fully comprehend its provisions. I ask
that the amendment be printed, and that the sub-
ject be postponed. I am willing to agree to take
it up to-morrow if the Senator desires that.
Mr. STUART. I have no objection to the bill
being laid over for the purpose of allowing Sena-
tors to ascertain what are its contents. I had
supposed, howeyer, that the nature of my substi-
tute was generally understood—that it was simply
to authorize the Commissioner of Patents to take
into consideration the propriety of renewing the
original patent without any improvements at all;
but if the Senator desires that it shall lie over I
have no objection.
Mr. DAWSON. The patent of McCormick
relates to the same matter, and ought to be placed
on the same footing.
Mr. STUART. I hope this bill will be post-
poned to some time when we can reach it. I
suggest, if it will suit the pleasure of the Senator,
that it be postponed until Monday.
Mr. DAWSON. Very well.
The motion was agreed to.
CYRUS H. MCCORMICK.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I move that the bill to
extend the patent of Cyrus H. McCormick be
made the special order for the same time.
The PRESIDENT. The bill which has just
been disposed of was not made the special order;
it was simply postponed till Monday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish the other to be
postponed until the same time. I suppose, by
being postponed, it becomes a special order.
The PRESIDENT. Wot unless by a vote of
the Senate. :
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to take it up at
any rate, in order that it may be postponed till th*
same time. It is proper that both bills should go
together. It is now exactly in the same condition
that it would be if postponed. '
Mr. STUART. We can take it up just as
well.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the Senate will not
make any order in favor of private business until
next Friday.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to;
and it was postponed until Monday.
GILBERT C. RUSSELL.
Mr. CLAY. I ask the Senate now to take-up
House bill for the relief of Gilbert C. Russell,
which has been reported on favorably by the Com-
mittee on Claims. It has been the subject of in-
vestigation by the First Comptroller of'the Treas-
ury, Mr. Whittlesey, and by the Fifth Auditor;
and has been approved by them. I do not sup-
pose there will be any opposition to it.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. Its ob-
ject is to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to
cause to be paid to Gilbert C. Russell, of Ala-
bama, $20,000, in full satisfaction for all claims
and demands, of every description, in his favor,
against the Government, growing out of, or in any
manner connected with, the construction of the
fort at Mobile Point, Alabama.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
RICHARD ALBRITTON,
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to take up a bill which has been reported
from the Committee on Private Land Claims for
the relief of Richard Albritton. It will certainly
lead to no discussion. It is the first occasion, at
this session, on which I have asked the Senate to
deviate from the regular order of business. I will
state, that the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims [Mr. Pettit] is
perfectly stringent in his examinations, and every-
thing which he approves of the Senate may adopt
without any hesitation.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It will authorize Richard Albritton to locate,
free of cost, six hundred and forty acres of land
upon any of the public lands belonging to the Uni-
ted States, subject to private entry, at the mini-
mum price, in full compensation for a private land
claim for six hundred and forty acres, reported
for confirmation by James O. Crosby, commis-
sioner, under date of June 7, 1813, and confirmed
by the act of Congress approved March 3, 18J9.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JABEZ B. ROOKER.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up the bill for
the relief of theheirs of Jtibez B. Rooker, deceased.
It is a very meritorious case, and the bill had the
unanimous consent of the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
Its object is to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to settle and adjust the ac-
counts of Jabea B. Rooker, deceased, late clerk to
the Commissioner of Public Buildings, and to allow
him at the rate of $900 per annum for the time he
was actually employed subsequent to March 3,
1843. The amount so found due, after deducting
all sums paid to him for his services during that
period, is to be paid to his surviving children.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate without amendment, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
E. R. S. CANBY.
Mr. PETTIT. I move to take up Senate bill
for the relief of Lieutenant Colonel Edward R.
S. Canby. It is a small matter, and I suppose
there will be no objection to the bill.
Mr. MASON. I have endeavored for some
time to get the floor, but have yielded it to other
gentlemen until eo much time has elapsed that I
