1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
before that committee, and that committee reported
favorably upon them last session.
Mr. HENN. Y/ill the gentleman from Illinois
yield me the floor a moment, to enable me to put
a question to the gentleman from Maine?
Mr. DUNBAR, 1 will.
Mr. HENN. I would ask the gentleman from
Maine, if these bills are referied to the Committee
on Commerce, whether they will be reported back
again ?
Mr. FULLER. I have no doubt that com-
mittee will discharge its duty.
Mr. HUNT. But has not the committee already-
determined not to report any bills of that kind
this session ?
Mr. FULLER. Numerous bills for river and
harbor improvement have been referred to that
committee, and they have determined to report
upon none of them until after the Senate bills have
been referred to them—taking it for granted that
they would be so reported.
Mr. DUNBAR. I hope the motion of the gen-
tleman from Maine will not prevail, and upon it I
move the previous question.
Mr. EDGERTON. I rise to a question of
order. I wish to know whether the motion that
the House resolve itself into a Committee of the
"Whole House on the Private Calendar does not
take precedence of this business? 1 have not
withdrawn my motion.
Mr. DUNBAR. I had the unanimous consent
of the House for the motion I made.
Mr. EDGERTON. I have not withdrawn my
motion.
The SPEAKER. The bills are here by unani-
mous consent, which sets aside all questions of
order, and very frequently a good deal more.
[Laughter.]
Mr. McMULLIN. Has it not been custom-
ary to refer all such bills to the Committee on
Commerce'
Mr. HUNT. That is an argument for oppo-
sition, for the gentleman knows well what he asks
for.
Mr. McMULLIN. And the gentleman de-
sires to make a disposition of these bills different
from that which has been heretofore made of sim-
ilar bills.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was then ordered to be now put,
viz: " Shall the bill be committed to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union."
The question was put; and on a division the
Speaker announced fifty-six in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. It is not a majority of a
quorum.
Mr. DUNBAR. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the House refused to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question recurring on the motion to refer it
to the Committee on Commerce, it was put, and
the bill was so referred.
COMMITTEE ON THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. EDGERTON. I now insist upon my
motion to go into a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
The question being put, the Speaker announced
that it was carried; whereupon
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said: I ask for the
yeas and nays upon it. I want to see who those
are who want to defeat the regular appropriation
bills.
Mr. RUFFIN. I call for .tellers upon the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Caskie and
Grey were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 29, noes 98.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and resulted—
yeas 136, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Abercrombie, Ball, Banks, Barry,
Belcher, Bell, Bennett, Benson, Bliss, Breckinridgt.,
Bridges, Bn-tow, Bugg, Carpenter, Caruthers, Caskie,
Chamberlain, Chandler, Chase, Clark, Cobb, Cook, Cor-
win, Cox, Crocker, Cullom, Curtis, John G. Davis, Thomas
Davis, De Witt, Disney,Dunbar, Dunham, Eastman,Eddy,
Edgerton, Edmands.Edniundson, John M. Elliott,English,
Ethendge, Everhart, Farhy, Fenton, Florence, Franklin,
Gamble, Giddings, Goodrich, Good win, Green, Greenwood,
Grey, Grow. Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Wiley P.
Harris, Hastings, Henn, Hiester, Hill, Howe, Hughes, John-
son, J. Glancy Jones, Kerr, Knox, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane,
Lilly, Lmdley, McCulloch, McMulhn, Mace, Matteson,
Maurice, Maxwell, May, Mayall,Meacham,Middleswarth,
Mmth Miller, Morgan, Nichols, Norton, Olds, Mordecai
Oliver, Parker, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, Pratt, Preston,
Puryear, iteady, lliddie, David Ritchie, Thomas Ritehey,
Rogers, Rowe, Russell, Sabin, Sapp, Seward, Seymour,
Shannon, Simmons., William Smith, Sollers, Fredenck P.
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Heslor L Stevens, Stratton,
Andrew Stuart, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Thurston, Tracy, Tweed, Upham, Vail, Walloy, Warren,
Eihlm B. YVWhborne, Tappau Wentworth, Westbrook,
and Hendrick B. Wright—136,
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Appleton, Ashe, Barksdale,
Bocock, Boyce, Brooks, Chastain, Chrisman, Chngman,
Cutting, Dowdell, Ellison, Faulkner, Fuller, Goode,
Haven, Hendricks, Ilibbard, Houston, Ingersoll, Daniel
T. Jones, George W. Jones, Kidwell, Letcher, Lewis, Mc-
Naii, MeQuceii, Million, Morrison, Muiray, Orr, Peck,
Phelps, Phillips', I'owell, Pnngle, Bobbins liutlin, Sage,
Shaw, Samuel A. Smith, George W. Smyth, John J. Taylor,
Vansam, Wade, Witte, Daniel B. Wright, Yates, and
Zolhcolfer—50,
So the motion to go into a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar was agreed
to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was here received from the Senate by
Asluhy Dickins, Etq., their Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed bills of the
following titles, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House:
An act for the improvement of the navigation of
the Patapsco river, and to render the port of Bal-
timore accessible to war steamers of the United
States;
An act making an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the Delaware breakwater;
An act making appropriations for deepening
the channel over the St. Clair flats, and for deep-
ening the channel overthc flats of the St. Mary's
river, in the State of Michigan;
An act to continue thp improvement of the Des
Moines and the Rock river rapids, in the upper
Mississippi;
An act to continue the improvement in the har-
bor of Newark, New Jersey;
An act making an appropriation for continuing
the repair of certain public works in the State of
Maine, heretofore commenced under the authority
of law;
An act to appropriate money to remove the ob-
structions in the Savannah river below the city
of Savannah, in the State of Georgia;
An set to provide for the improvement of the
navigation of the Ohio river;
An act to provide for the continuing of the im-
provements of the Mississippi river;
An act to provide for the continuing of the im-
provements of the Missouri river; and
An act to complete the work at the mouth of
the river San Diego, in the State of California.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the
following titles; which thereupon received the
signature of the Speaker:
An act for the relief of Daniel Morse, of Essex,
county of Chittenden, in the State of Vermont;
An act to secure the right of citizenship to
children of citizens of the United States, born out
of the limits thereof;
An act for the relief of George Bush, of Thurs-
j ton county, WashingtonTcrritory;
t An act confirming a land claim to Elijah White,
of the Territory of Washington; and
! An act to refund to the officers of the customs,
j and others of the district of Passamaquoddy,
certain moneys.
COLT'S PATENT.
The House resolved itself into a Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar, (Mr.
Greenwood in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is House bill (No. 59) for the relief of
Samuel Colt, upon which the gentleman from
Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. EDGERTON. How much time have 1
left?
The CHATRMAN. Thirty minutes.
Mr. EDGERTON. Mr. Chairman, I think
that I shall find it necessary, in the continuation
of my remarks, to make some further allusion to
the creation of the committee of investigation in
this case. To bring the matter properly before
the body, I would like to go to its foundation, to
the first charge that was made involving the char-
acter and integrity of this House of Represent-
atives, that we may know from whom, or from
whence it proceeded, and how it accumulated by
being rolled over and over, and obtained the im-
portance which it has in this Hall. The first in-
sinuation known to me, affecting the integrity of
this body and its character, was contained in ah
article published in a newspaper of this city—the
Daily Evening Star. The article is brief, and I
will now call the attention of members to it; and I
do so because the writer of the article, as 1 sup-
pose, is a reporter upon this floor, and entitled to
all the privileges of that position. This is the ar-
ticle:
"A Grand Operation op Congress.—We learn that
the assignees of three patent rights, which, together, yield
perhaps a million per annum in tariffs, have combined to
induce Congress to extend them thi* winter, for seven years
longer. They are said to have raised a fund of $100,00U to
be distributed at this point to carry through their object.
We have seen signs satisfying us of the truth of ilns story.
Their champagne is already flowing m Washington like
water, and their canvas backs are also ' a roasting' right
merrily. Do any members want a few cold hundreds, or, it
may be, thousand, to bet at faro ? We shall shortly give
all particulars of this scheme, if we can obtain them."
Here, then, is the commencement of the gross
and infamous slander of an American Congress;
and this was perpetrated by a man who is per-
mitted to occupy a seat upon this floor as a
reporter.
Mr. CLINGMAN. As a matter of courtesy,
1 should like to know who was the author of that
article. ;
Mr. EDGERTON. So should I. I do not
know who the reporter of the Star is; I take it
that he is one of the editors. [Laughter.]
Mr. GIDDINGS. is he a supporter of the
Administration ?
Mr. EDGERTON. Yes, sir; indifferently so;
Here, 1 say, is the commencement of this gross
slander against the integrity of the AmericanCon-
gress. Another paper—the Scientific American—
takes it up, and republishes it with the following
remarks:
"Money, champagne, and gluttony are, it seems, the
weapons to be employed to buy up votes to carry through
schemes whose annual tariffs yield a million of dollars.
" Traitors to the honor of the American name; you would
'htcal the Apostohc keys of Heaven, and appropriate them
as tools for crafty knaves to shut out virtue, and unfold the
gates wluch Heaven itself has barred against the lust and
avarice of sordid ambition.' The comedy ol Esau is again
to be enacted, the national birtlingbtisbargainingaway for
a mess of pottage; who is the bidder? must be sold—this
is the last call—going, going, going to cormorants who feed
upon the honor and integrity of American freedom.5'
The Daily Evening Post, of Philadelphia, reit-
erates the general charge, basing its remarks on
the article which I have read from the Evening
Star of this city, and says:
" If the above is tiue, the Washington Star and the Sci-
entific American are entitled to the thanks of the American
public for sounding the alarm. But we want the names
of these conspirators against the integrity of Congress and
the rights of their fellow-citizens. Let them be held up to
the public gaze.
" If rumor on this subject is true, the three most profit-
able patents in the country are referred to ; patents that
have already been extended to twenty.one years, and have
yielded to the applicants already more than a million of
dollars each. And other patents have been granted for im-
piovements in these same branches of business that will
be crushed and rendered valueless by the proposed exten-
sions. It will be taking property from the hands of those
who now hold it under the present patent laws, and transfer-
ring it tn tho*e millionaires. Well can they afford to gorge
members of Congress with champagne suppers and pres-
ents, to spend hundreds ol thoubands ol dollars to carry
their points.
"But we trust Congress will pause to consider what a
revolution m patent rights is proposed to be made by these
speculators, and where such legislation will lead to."
And I have also seen the same article copied in
newspapers generally throughout the country, so
that the charge has obtained a supposed truthful-
ness, which has impressed upon the minds of the
people of the country the idea that the American
Congress is a corrupt body; that it may be bought
and sold, as wares in market.
Here was the first charge. The next was the
reiteration, in this Hall, by an honorable member
of Congress. He refers to this rumor, and stands
up here and reiterates, by insinuation, that mem-
bers of Congress are open to bribery and corrup-
tion. Yet it is but an insinuation; it is but an
intimation. There is not courage to make the
assertion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Who does the gentleman
refer to as not having courage to make an as-
sertion ?
Mr. EDGERTON, I allude to any gentleman
