THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, T>:C. "
33d Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1855.
New Series....No. 42.
in the State of Indiana, and until the services re-
quired of said commissioners shall have been fully
performed. The Secretary of the Interior and
the Commissioner of the General Land Office have
both been consulted upon the subject, and they
recommend the passage of the bill. I hope that f
may have the unanimous consent of the House to
take the bill from the table, with a view to its
passage.
Mr. WALSH. Does the gentleman make the
motion for the purpose of referring merely, or
does he intend to put it upon its passage?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman desires to
put it upon its passage.
Mr. WALSH. 1 object.
Mr. MILLER,. 1 hope the objection will be
withdrawn. It is very important that this bill
should be passed now. The offices for adjusting
land titles will be kept open only for a short time
in Vintennes, and just as soon as the commission
shaii expire, the papers and records will be re-
turned to Indianapolis, the proper place.
Mr. WALSH. Well, by the general kindness
of my disposition I am induced to withdraw my
objection.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time; and having been read a third time, it was
BOOKS, ETC., OF MEMBERS.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I am instructed
by the Committee on Printing to submit the reso-
lution which I send to the Chair.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolvedy That the Superintendent of Public Printing be
directed to send to the members of the present House of
Representatives, at their homes, such of the books and
documents ordeied by the present Congress as ihey are
respectively entitled to, and wlnrh they may not receive
.before the adjournment, unless otherwise ordered by indi-
vidual members.
Mr. HAVEN. I have no objection in the
world to the House passing that resolution, but
it seems to me it is cutting rather shoit at both
ends; for this House, within thirty dsys after its
meeting, confiscated the documents belonging to
the last House, and now they are going to hold
on to their own. [Laughter.] Still, I do not ob-
ject to its being passed.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted, and to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
BILL REPORTED.
Mr. READY, from the Committee of Claims,
by unanimous consent, reported the following
bill; which was read a first and second time by its
title, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and or-
dered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Dr. Absalom
Baiid, late a surgeon in the army of the Revolu-
tion.
On motion by Mr. MACDONALD, the House
then, at three o'clock and forty-five minutes, ad-
journed until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 10, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. SUMNER presented the credentials of
Hon. Henry Wilson, chosen by the Legislature
of Massachusetts, a Senator from that State for
the unexpired term of Hon. Edward Everett,
resigned.
The credentials were read, and the oath pre-
scribed by law having been administered to Mr.
Wilson, he took his seat in the Senate.
BOUNTY LAND FOR INDIANS.
Mr. BROWN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up, at this time, a joint reso-
lution from the House of Representatives which
42
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and favorably reported on some time ago. The
committee reported a substitute for it which ought
to be passed now, or I fear it will inevitably be
lost. It is a proposition to which the Senate has
two or three times agreed, and it cannot take up
much time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution of the House of Representatives,
" declaring the Seneca Indians entitled to pension
and bounty lands in certain cases." As it was
passed by the House, it proposed that the pension
and bounty lands laws should not be so construed
as to exclude trom their benefits Seneca Indians
who served in the war of 1812, when, by the terms
of the laws, Indians were notexceptstl or excluded.
The Committee on Indian Affairs reported it
with an amendment to strike out all after the enact-
ing clause, and insert the following as a substitute:
Tluit Use nets licietoibie parted by Congress, granting
bouiitu's in lamlc! (o pet bond engaged m llie mil st a y service
at the United £5talcs 111 umy ot war, be so construed as to
include Choctaw and other Indians, in the same manner,
ami to tin; same extent, as il the said Indians had been
white men.
Mr. BROWN. I do not wish to debate this
question; but 1 desire to call the attention of the
Senate to the lact that the Committee on Indian
I AtiUirs propose to strike out all of the joint reso-
I lutton which 1 elates to pensions, and to confine it
i simply to bounty lands m the same manner as was
! piovided by the general bill which we have passed
uuring the present session. As there is no proba-
bility of that geneial bill being passed by the
House during this session, we propose to amend
this joint resolution, and to send it to the House
for their acuuu.
The amendment was agreed to, and the joint
resolution was reported to the Senate as amended .
The amendment was concurred in and ordered
to be engrossed, and the joint resolution to be read
' a third time. The joint resolution, as amended,
was read the third time and passed, and its title
wasamended so as to read: " A joint resolution to
extend the benefits of the bounty land laws of the
United States to Choctaw and other Indians who
have served m the Army ot the United States 111
time of war."
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, made in
obedience to law, accompanied by lisis of the
clerks and other persons employed in that Depart-
ment other than officers of the Army, during the
year 1854; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, ill obedience to law, a statement of
expenditures for contingencies of the War Depart-
ment, its offices, and bureaus, during the fiscal
year ending the 3Uth of June, 1854; which was
oidered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in compliance with a. resolution
of the Senate, copies of the report and map of A.
B. Gray, late United States surveyorof theMexi-
can Boundary Commission, explanatory of his
action whilst a member of that commisson.
Amotion by Mr. Weller to print the report
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
Also, a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in obedience to law, statements show-
ing the contracts made by that Department during
the year 1854; which was ordered to he on the
table, and be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating a report of the Commissioner ot
Indian Affairs, on the claim of the Brotherton
tribe of Indians against the United States; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating a report of the Director of the
United States Mint on the fineness and value of
certain foreign gold and silver coins, as required
by the acts of January 25, 1834, and March 3,
18435 was read> an<1 ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that there be printed
of this report the same number of extra copies ai
waa printed last year for the use of the Mint. It
is usual to print a number for the use of the Minti
for the purpose of exchanging with other Mint^
all over the world. I make the motion to print
the usual number for that purpose.
The motion was agreed to; arid it was accord-
ingly ordered that one thousand additiorial'copies
of the report be printed, five hundred of whic^
shall be for the use of the Director of the Mint.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. RUSK presented additional documents iij
relation to the memorial of "William Arc her;which
were referred to the select committee on the Pa-
cific railroad. '
Also, additional documents in relation to the
claim of C. J. Cook and A. A. Lockwood; which,
with their petition on file, were referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Also, the memorial of George H. Giddings,
praying additional compensation for carrying the
mall from San Antonio, Texas, to Santa Fe, in
New Mexico; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition of citizens of Texas, praying
the establishment of a mail route from Bastrop to
Gonzales, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a memorial of the executor of Joseph H.
McFadin, praying compensation for services in
carrying themail; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, additional documents in relation to the
claim of John C. Morris, and Eliza McKee;
which, with their memorial on file, were referred,
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of legal voters
of Ruggles, Ohio, praying a repeal of the fugitive
slave law; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr.GWIN presented the memorial of B. F.
Marshall, praying compensation for beef and
other provisions furnished for the use of Indians
in California; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD presented thepetition of Martha
Haff, widow of a soldier of the war of 1812, and
of Erastus Corning, Tennis Van Vechten, John
L. Schoolcraft, and fifteen others, all citizens of
Albany, praying a removal of the unjust discrim-
ination made by an act of Congress of 1853, in
granting ten years half-pay to widows of certain
soldiers of the war with Mexico, and but five
years half-pay to the widows of the same class of
officers and soldiers of the war of 1812; which waa
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SHIELDS presented documents in support
of the claim of Lucretia V. Gardner to a pension;
which were referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. PRATT. I present a memorial of the
Board of Trade of the city of Baltimore, asking
for an appropriation by the Federal Government
for the improvement of the Ohio river. I have
great pleasure in presenting this memorial, as indic-
ative of the strong ties of interest which are now
connecting the different sections of the country
together. As a bill for the purpose has passed the
Senate, I move that the memorial lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin. I present joint
resolutions of the Legislature of Wisconsin, ex-
pressive of opposition to any extension of the time
now required by the naturalization laws to enable
a person from abroad to become a citizen of the
United States. I ask for the printing of five huri-
j dred copies of these joint resolutions. As the
subject of our naturalization laws is one which is
attracting great attention at this time, I think there
can be no reasonable objection to printing that
number of copies of these joint resolutions. I
make that motion.
The PRESIDENT. The order to print the
usual number will be considered as agreed to, and
the motion to print extra copies will go to the
Committee on Printing,
