658
THE CONGRESSIONAL (5LOBE.
February 10,
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Simeon Knight, a paymaster in the Army of the
United States, for a settlement of his accounts for
extra services rendered by him, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill for the relief of the
heirs of Colonel Simeon Knight, late of the United
States Armyj which was read and passed to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of A. S. Robinson,
cashier of the bank of the State of Missouri, for
repayment of moneys advanced in 1846, for sub-
sistence, &c., of certain volunteers for the war
with Mexico, previous to their being mustered
into the service of the United States, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill for the relief of A.
S. Robinson, cashier of the bank of the State of
Missouri, at St. Louis; which was read and p .ssed
to a second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. TOUCEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred a resolution of the
Senate relative to seamen on board of public and
private vessels, reported a bill to repeal the act
therein mentioned relating to naturalization, passed
June 22, 1848; which was read and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of Frederick Chatard, a lieutenant in the United
States Navy, praying certain allowances in the
settlement of his accounts as acting purser, submit-
ted a report, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
which was read and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GEYER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred a joint resolution
authorizing the Secretary of the Interior to ap-
prove the accounts of the marshal of the District
of Missouri for furniture provided for the use of
the circuit court of the United States for said dis-
trict at the April term of said court, held at St.
Louis, in the year 1854, reported it back without
amendment.
Mr. BRA1NERD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the House bill for
the relief of Andrew H. Patterson, reported it
back without amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred the
petition of Whitemarsh B. Seabrook, Joseph
Whaley, and others, praying payment for military
services during the last war with Great Britain,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for the
relief of Whitemarsh H. Seabrook, Joseph Wha-
ley, and others, officers and members of the Edisto
Island Company, of the State of South Carolina;
which was read and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
MILITARY RESERVATIONS.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to the Senate copies of" I lie correspondence
between the Secretaries of War and the Interior Depart-
ments, respecting a claim advanced by the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs to the military reservation at Tori Leaven-
worth ; together with the result of his investigation of the
ai/eged interference of certain Army officers, named in a
recent report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, with
the rights of the Delaware Indians.
PHILADELPHIA AND NEW ORLEANS MINTS.
Mr. BENJAMIN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
Bent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to communicate to the Senate a statement showing: 1. The
amount ot silver purchased by the Department for recom-
age at the United States Mint at Philadelphia, during the
year 1834, and the price paid therefor, and a similar state-
ment m regard to the blanch Mint at New Orleans. 9.
The reasons for any difference of price which may have
been paid tor silver recoined at said Mint at Philadelphia
and branch Mint at New Orleans.
BALANCE DOCK AT PENSACOLA.
Mr. MORTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
to furnish the Senate with copies of the agreement between
Everett &. Brown, and Gilbert & Secor, contractors, with
all letters on file in his Department in reference to the char-
ter of the ship Monarch of the Sea, for testing the balance
dock, basin, and railway at the Pcn^acolanavy yard. Also,
copies of all letters of the said Everett & Brown, and Mr.
Joyce, the builder of the said ehip, to ihc Department; and
copies of the correspondence between the Department and
B. F. Delano, naval constructor, and 15. F. Chandler, civil
engineer, {members of the late commission,) since the test
of the said dock, basin, and railway, with lhe sliip Mon-
arch of the Sea, at the Pensaeola navy-yard.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GEYER asked and received the unanimous
consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide for the payment
for horses and other property lost or destroyed in
the military service of the United States," ap-
proved March 3, 1849; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER asked and obtained the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill for
the relief of Enoch Baldwin and others; which
was read twice by its title, and, together with
documents on the files of the Senate, referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that they had passed Senate bill for
continuing temporarily the offices of register and
receiver at Vincennes, Indiana.
Also, that they had passed a bill to remodel the
diplomatic and consular system of the United
States.
Also, that they had concurred in the first and
third amendments of the Senate to the bill of the
House making appropriations for the payment of
invalid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending June 30, 1856, and that they
concurred in the second amendment of the Senate
to that bill with an amendment, in which thecon-
currence of the Senate was requested.
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, the bill " further to
amend the act entitled 'An act to reduce and mod-
ify the rates of postage in the United States, and
for other purposes,' " passed March 3, 1851, to-
gether with the amendments reported from the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, was
ordered to be printed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That E. A. Williams have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
JOHN P. BROWN.
Mr. MASON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to make a correction in a bill which
was passed yesterday. It is a bill for the relief
of John P. Brown. It appears in the manuscript,
and also in the printed copy, that the name of the
party proposed to be relieved was omitted. I
have examined the papers, and the bill will be of
no value unless the name of the party is inserted.
I ask unanimous consent that it may be inserted.
By unanimous consent the correction was
ordered to be made.
LIEUTENANT W. D. PORTER.
Mr. MASON. At the same time, I wish to
state to the Senate that on the 4th of August, 1854,
a bill which passed both Houses of Congress for
the_,reiief of Lieutenant William D. Porter, of
the United States Navy—which had been reported
from the Committee on Foreign Relations here—
was approved by the President and became a law.
But it seems, at the same time, that a hill re-
ported from the same committee for his relief was
allowed to remain upon the Calendar; and yester-
day, in the great dispatch of business, it passed
the Senate also; so that, if that is allowed to
stand, there will be double legislation. I move,
therefore, to get rid of it, to reconsider the vote of
yesterday on the passage of that bill, with the
view then of moving its indefinite postponement.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
indefinitely postponed.
PINE GROVE ACADEMY.
Mr. STUART. I have in my hands another
bill standing in a similar position—the bill for the
relief of Pine Grove Academy, in Louisiana,
which was passed yesterday. A bill for the same
purpose passed both Houses of Congress at the
last session and became a law. I wish to say, in
connection with this, that there must be some
fault connected with this business somewhere. 1
had occasion to look at the laws of 1852,1 think,
in which I found that, on different pages within
four leaves of each other, the same identical law
was printed. I think it was in 1852. It was an
act to repeal the proviso of the bounty land laws.
It was passed by Congress twice, approved twice,
and so stands in the book. I do not, of course,
impute any negligence to anybody; but there is
something wrong, if our Calendar is not corrected
from time to time, when we pass a bill and it be-
comes o law. 1 move, therefore, in this case, a
reconsideration of the vote by which the bill for
the relief of Pine Grove Academy, m Louisiana,
was passed yesterday, with a view to its indefi-
nite postponement.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
indefinitely postponed.
SYLVESTER CHURCHILL.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Committee on Military
Affairs have instructed me to report a bill for the
relief of Sylvester Churchill. At the suggestion
of a friend, I ask for its immediate consideration.
It has, by some oversight, been neglected for some
time.
The bill was rend twice, by unanimous consent,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary of the Treasury will be required
by it to pay to Sylvester Churchill, Inspector
General of the United States Army, §1,020 14,
that being the pay and emoluments of his office
from July 8, 1845, to January 21, 1846, to which
he is justly entitled, but which he cannot obtain
as the law now stands.
No amendment being proposed, the' bill was
reported to the Senate, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. STUART obtained the floor.
Mr. WELLER. I hope the Senate will now
consider the resolution which 1 submitted yester-
day, to fix the hour of meeting at eleven o'clock
from and after Monday.
Mr. STUART. I suppose that cannot be done
at my expense.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Mich-
igan is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STUART. I move that the Senate set
aside the prior orders and proceed to the consid-
eration of the special orders for the improvement
of harbors. There are several of those bills which
can be disposed of in half an hour. The first ia
one for the improvement of the harbors on the
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, we fixed the
hour of one o'clock to takeupthelndian appropria-
tion bill. It wants but ten minutes of that time, and
I propose to the Senator from Michigan to allow
us to go on with that bill. We cannot dispose of
the internal improvement bills in ten minutes, and
the effect of taking them up now will be to displace
the Indian appropriation bill from the position
given it by the Senate. I think this will be a use-
less consumption of time.
Mr. STUART. There can be no displacement
of the bill which the Senator urges. That bill is
the special order for one o'clock, and will remain
so. If the Senate are engaged in other business
at one o'clock, that will not displace the special or-
der. There are only two or three of these internal
improvement bills, and I think they can be passed
in less time than we are consuming in talking about
them.
Mr. HUNTER. The motion of the Senator,
I think, is to postpone all prior orders—that
making the Indian appropriation bill the special
order for one o'clock, as well as the others.
Mr. STUART, The special order is for one
o'clock. That time we have not reached, and
therefore this motion does not displace it
Mr. WELLER. If I could get my friend from
Michigan to vote for the resolution which I offered
yesterday, we should be able to dispose of all those
bills.
Mr. STUART. I will vote for it when it comes
up.
Mr. WELLER. We can pass all those bills
between eleven and twelve o'clock on Monday.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator from Michigan
wiii lay aside his bills at one o'clock, I will mak
no objection to his motion-.
