1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
659
Mr. PETTIT, It seems to me there is busi-
ness on the President's table which ought to be
disposed of in the first instance. The bills from
the House ought to be taken up and referred. I
hope the Senator from Michigan will give way
that this may be done.
Mr. STUART. We can take them up at any
time during the day before we adjourn us well as
now.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Michigan.
The motion was agreed to.
LAKE IMPROVEMENTS.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to consider,
as in Committee of the Whole, the bill making
appropriations for the improvement of the harbors
on Lakes Ontario, Erie, Huron, St. Clair, Supe-
rior, and Michigan. As originally introduced, it
proposed to appropriate #500,000 for the improve-
ment of the harbors on Lakes Ontario, Erie,
Superior, St. Clair, Huron, and Michigan, in
the following proportions: $100,000 for Ontario,
§100,000 for Erie, $100,000 for St. Clair, and
Huron combined, $100,000 for Superior, and
$100,000 for Michigan. It provided that this sum
should be expended under the direction of the
War Department, at such places, on each of the
lakes, as most required it. It also proposed to
allow the Secretary of War, in his discretion, to
let contracts for the construction of any of the
works for which it provided, on such terms as he
should think proper, taking security in all cases
for the faithful performance of the contracts.
The Committee on Commerce reported the bill
with an amendment to increase the appropriation
from $j00,000 to ^525,000, and to appropriate the
additional $25,000 for the improvementof harbors
on Lake Champlain.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on agree-
ing to the amendments reported by the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to ask the Senator from
Michigan, who has charge of this bill, whether it
is proposed to leave it to the discretion of the Sec-
retary of War to select the harbors on which to
make this expenditure?
Mr. STUART. No, sir; it is not. The bill
provides that the money shall be expended at the
points most requiring expenditure. They are, of
course, the works already in progress. Under
this provision, the Secretary will necessarily make
an indication in the first instance, but it does not
leave it to his discretion, nor is it so meant. It
simply means to reserve the whole question to the
control of Congress, and it does so.
Mr. HUNTER. Let the bill be read again.
The Secretary accordingly lead it.
Mr. IIUNTER. It seems to me that this leaves
it discretionary with the Secretary of War to ex-
pend the money on such works as he may select.
You leave it to him not only to say which are
constitutional objects of expenditure, if he should
think any of them to be of that character, but
also leave it to him to determine those which it is
most expedient to improve. I have never known
so large a discretion invested in any one. It seems
to me that this is a matter which Congress ought
to decide for itself. I shall have to call for the
yeas and nays on the bill.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I am opposed to
the brood discretion which 1 believe is conferred
on the Executive by the bill as it has been re-
ported by the committee. It seems to me that we
might as well surrender all power which we have
into the hands of the Executive, and barely pass
an act appropriating a certain sum to be expended
wherever he pleases. That, it seems to me, is
about the amount of this bill. Now, I think we
ought to fake the responsibility of judging as to
the constitutionality of these appropriations. With
this view I move to strike out all that portion of
the bill which relates to Lake Erie—for that is the
portion in which I am more interested than any
other—and to insert in lieu of it the following:
For continuing the improvement of the harbor of Buf-
alo, Now Yoik, on Lake Erie, $33,000,
For continuing the improvement of the harbor of Dun-
kirk, New York, on Lake Erie, $30,000.
For continuing the improvementof the harbor of Erie,
Pennsylvania, on Lake Erie, $25,000.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor of Con-
neaur, Ohio, on Lake Erie, $11,300.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor of Ashta-
bula, Ohio, on Lake Erie, $13,500.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor of Fair-
port, Grand river, Ohie, on Lake Erie, $13,COO.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor of Cleve-
land, Ohio, on Lake Erie, $30,000,
For continuing the improvement of the harbor at the
mouth of Black river, Ohio, on Lake Erie, $13,500.
Foi continuing the improvementof the harbor of San-
dusky Cny, Ohio, on Lake Erie, ^8,500.
For continuing the Improvement of the harbor ofMonroe,
at the mouth of the river Kaism, Michigan, on Lake Erie,
$10,000.
For current expenses of the steam dredge on Lake Erie,
$7,500.
This amendment, Mr. President, is precisely
in the same words with that portion of the river
and harbor bill of last year which provided for
Lake Erie. It is made up, I believe, in accordance
with the recommendation of the Department, in
each case. It proposes the construction of no
new work, but simply conforms to what has
already been recommended by the War Depart-
ment for these very harbors. I do not know that
the President had any constitutional objections to
this portion of the bill of the last session. I read
very carefully the veto message which he sent to
us, objecting to that bill as a whole, but I was
unable to discover any objection to the improve-
ments of the harbors on the lakes. I think, there-
fore, that if the committee have endeavored to
conform to what they supposed to be the Presi-
dent's ideas of constitutionality, they have gone
further than he would go, for I do not suppose the
President would ask us to refrain entirely from
passing judgment ourselves upon the constitution-
ality of an appropriation. Because he has dis-
agreed with us as to the constitutionality of some
portions of the appropriations proposed by the
bill of last year, the committee have provided for
withdrawing nil judgment on mxr part, and con-
ferring it on the Executive! I cannot agree to
that.
1 do not wish to make any remarks as to the
importance of constructing the works provided for
in my amendment. The necessity of them has
been ably set forth on other occasions, and by
other Senators. There have been immense losses
of life and property upon Lake Erie within the
last year, and greatly in consequence of the bad
condition of these harbors of refuge along that
lake. It is not necessary now to set forth the
importance of these harbors. It would consume
time unnecessarily for me to enter into that point.
Every one who has examined the subject must be
|! aware of their great importance. 1 hope, sir, that
! the amendment which I have offered will be agreed
ti to, and that other Senators interested in the other
j] lakes will offer amendments similar to mine. I
have great objection to the broad generality of the
bill.
Mr. HUNTER. It is now one o'clock, and I
call for the special older of the day.
Mr. STUART. I wish to submit a few re-
marks to the Stnate on the question before us, at
the same time premising that the discussion of any
one of these measures, as a matter of course, de-
stroys it. A general discussion of river and har-
bor improvements is destructive to all these meas-
ures. There is no doubt about that; but I wish
to correct a misapprehension. It seems to be sup-
posed by the Senator from Virginia, and by the
Senator from Ohio, that the provision to which
they have referred is the result of an amendment
made by the Committee on Commerce. Such is
not the fact. This bill was introduced by me at
the commencement of the session in precisely the
same form in which it now is, except the amend-
ment which includes Lake Champlain. The bill
was referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
that committee instructed me to report it back with
an amendment embracing Lake Champlain, that
beins, in their opinion, one of the great chain of
northern lakes.
Sir, there is another misapprehension which
exists on the part of the Senator from Virginia.
Evidently he supposes that this bill confers discre-
tion on the War Department in two particulars.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator allowme to
ask him whether it would not be as well to allow
this bill to go over until Monday, and let us take
up the special order?
Mr. STUART. I think we had better pass this
bill to-day.
Mr. HUNTER. I thought the understanding
was that it should be laid aside at one o'clock.
But for that I should have pressed my motion to
take up the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. STUART. I did not make any such agree-
ment.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair understands
the Senator from Virginia as moving to postpone
the further consideration of this subject until Mon-
day, for the purpose of proceeding to the consid-
eration of the Indian appropriation bill—the special
order.
Mr. STUART. I suppose the Senator can
make that motioji when he gets the floor. I am
now entitled to the floor.
Mr. HUNTER. That was? my motion, butr
of course, the Senator has the floor, and can go on
if he chooses.
Mr. BELL. I wish to submit to the Senator
from Michigan whether, as the bill under con-;
sideration is also a special order, it does not regu-*
larly, by the parliamentary rule of proceeding,
postpone all other special orders which cannot be
executed until this is disposed of? For myself, I'
do not perceive the great urgency which the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia seems to manifest
for the passage of the Indian appropriation bill.
If we allow the appropriation bills to occupy a
large portion of the time of the Senate, we shall
not get up these other bills at all; and we might
as well have passed no internal improvement bills,
unless we go on and pass some more, in order to-
equalize the appropriations, as far as possible,-
among the different sections of the Union. It is;
not to" be presumed that a partial batch of such
bills will be taken up in the House. I do notliko
to refer to what the House may or may not do;
but every Senator who is in favor of internal im-
provements must perceive that all that we have
hitherto done on the subject will be abortive,
unless we very speedily act on the other internal
improvement bills which the Senate think proper
to pass. It seems to rne that the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia has no right to urge that his
special order, the Indian appropriation bill, shall
be executed, at all events, before other special
orders, and particularly the one now under con-
sideration. If I supposed the public interest de-
manded that that bill should be passed to-day, I
would waive any objection on the score of order,
and would agree to take it up. I do not, how-,
ever, understand that to be the case. That bill
has passed the House, and can be taken up atany
time between this and the close of the session,
and the public interest will be fully subserved by
doing so. There is no immediate demand for the
moneys appropriated by the Indian appropriation"
bill, and, therefore, I do not think it proper to
postpone this measure for its consideration. I
appeal to the Chair to say whether it is not the
rule that one special order, which is under con-
sideration, of an anterior date, cannot be thrust
aside by another special order, the hour for which
arrives before the one under consideration is dis-
posed of?
The PRESIDENT. It can only be done by a
vote of the Senate.
Mr. BELL. Well, sir, 1 trust honorable Sen-,
ators who are in favor of ascertaining whether or
not we are to get any appropriations for great and
important and necessary works of internal im-
provement, and who are in favor of placing those
measures before the Executive in such a manner
as to allow him to approve those which he thinks
proper and constitutional, and reject those which
ne considers improper and unconstitutional, will
now insist on considering these bills. Unless we
proceed to pass such bills on the subject as have
heretofore been considered constitutional and ex-
pedient, we have no prospect of getting any at
this session. I submit, then, that it is no rule of
order which thrusts this bill aside. It can only be
thrust aside upon the exigency of the case—the
public service demanding that the Indian appro-
priation bill should be passed immediately. 1 do
not understand that any such statement is made
by the honorable Senator from Virginia, and,
therefore, it stands upon no better claim of pre-
cedence or priority of business than the bill now
before the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER, I wish to ask who is entitled
to the floor?
Mr. STUART. I suppose I am.
The PR ESI DENT. The Senator from Mich-
igan is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I cannot reply to the
Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. BELL. I was afraid the Senator from
Michigan might give way, but I suppose my fears
were unfounded.
