660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
Mr. STUART. I am very glad to perceive the
zeal of my friend from Tennessee, although I had
no idea of waiving my position, which is simply
this: that these bills, as also the Indian appropri-
ation bill, are special orders; the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of these special orders, and,
therefore, the call made by the Senator from-Vir-
ginia, just before I rose, was not in order. He
Ijiight have submitted a motion to the Senate to
dispose of the present bill, and then a motion to
take that up.
Mr. HUNTER. I understood the Senator that
this bill should not interfere, at one o'clock, with
the Indian appropriation bill.
. Mr. STUAR'l'. The Senator doubtless mis-
apprehended me in supposing that I acquiesced in
the suggestion which he made, which 1 did not
■wish to be understood as doing. Now, I feel
myself in a very delicate condition. As a mem-
ber of the Committee on Finance, of which the
honorable Senator from Virginia is chairman, I
consider it to be a duty, as well as a pleasure, to
sustain him in pushing forward the appropriation
bills; but such are my convictions with respect to
the importance of those bills, and especially inas-
much as we have passed others of a correspond-
ing character, that I think we may with propriety
consume a short time of the Senate in disposing
of them. Thus much I have thought it necessary
to say, in order to make my own position clear.
I was about saying, when interrupted, that the
other misapprehension of the Senator from Vir-
ginia seems to be that the bill proposes to place an
unlimited discretion m the Secretary of War, as
to where this money shall be appropriated. I
carefully avoided this and the other misapprehen-
sion to which I have referred, in framing the bill;
and, but for the discussion which grew up at the
last session of Congress, I presume it would not
have suggested itself to the Senator from Virginia.
If this bill shall be passed in the shape in which
the Committee on Commerce have reported it,
Congress will appropriate $525,000 to be expended
upon these lakes in a specified manner, dividing
it between the lakes, and then declaring that it
shall be appropriated at the places mostTequiring
it. That surely leaves no discretion in the Sec-
retary of War or the President as to the constitu-
tionality of the appropriations. Congress decides
that it is constitutional, necessary, and proper, to
appropriate $525,000 upon those lakes, in the im-
provement ot the harbors on the lakes, and in the
improvement of those harbors which most require
improvement.
It is said this is an unlimited discretion. It
seems to me not. I could instance more cases
than could be read here in three days, where the
discretion is much more extended than is given
here. In fact, you cannot pass a law to carry out
any appropriation in detail that does not confer
discretion. The object, therefore, was not, as
seems to have been supposed by the honorable
Senator from Ohio, to escape a veto of the Presi-
dent. I understand the President's veto message,
as that Senator does, that it does not touch the
harbors upon the lakes. The Senate is as weil
aware as I am that the difficulty is in Congress.
The moment you commence with your specifica-
tionsof particular harbors, those which are the least
necessary aregenerally the best attended to. Here
is a man representing a district, and there is a
harbor in it, or he wants one. He insists on its
being dug out at some rate or other, and he will
vote for no bill, nor will he permit any bill to be
passed, which does not provide for it. The ob-
ject of this provision, therefore, is to escape the
improprieties of Congress itself.
Does any man suppose that the harbors named
in the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Ohio will not be improved under this bill ? Will
any one say that Buffalo and Cleveland will be
overlooked? By no means. The Secretary is
authoritatively directed by the bill to spend the
money in improving the harbors upon those lakes.
That is one question settled, about which he has
no discretion. Then, he is to expend it at the
points most requiring it. Now, look at the bill.
It appropriates §100,000 for each of the great lakes.
That will not build all the harbors, nor halt' of
them. The Senator's amendment covers a great
deal mere than $100,000 on Lake Erie; but, in my
judgment, §100,000 is as much as can be propeily
expended on Lake Erie in one year. 1 do not mean
this to be a bill to last for all time, but I expect
Congress to make annual appropriations to com-
plete these works.
I wish to state another fact of which that hon-
orable Senator is as well acquainted as I am; but,
perhaps, some others may not be aware of it:
When Congress makes an appropriation, it is
divided, and instead of completing a harbor, you
commence and expend $20,000 or $30,000 upon
it, and leave it. What is the consequence? Before
the next year comes round, the whole structure is
destroyed. That I desire to avoid by this bill. I
desire that the Secretary of War shall take up
a work, and, if there be money appropriated for
that, complete it, and then take up another, and
complete it. Only this very morning 1 read an
article in a paper from my State, showing that a
harbor which was commenced on Lake Michigan,
with a pier run out two hundred feet, by ail ap-
propriation made by the last Congress, has been
entirely swept away by the recent storm, and
every dollar of expenditure is lost. If we had
gone on at the last session of Congress, and made
our appropriations, as 1 strove in that bill to have
them made, that work would have been saved to
us. But, by differences of opinion among the
friends of these appropriations, which do not in-
volve differences of principle, we defeat, year after
year, in one mode or another, appropriations for
these works, and so annually we sink enormous
sums of money. At one time we get into a bill so
many objectionable features that the President
vetoes it. At one time we cannot agree among
ourselves as to the form of the bill.
Now, 1 sought in framing this bill—and it is all
that I sought—m the best spirit anil in the best of
faith, so to shape the appropuations for harbors
upon the lakes, that they could not be objected to.
1 was unwilling to appropriate $500,000 for the
lakes merely, and let it stand there. 1 divided it
in proper proportions between the lakes. 1 was
unwilling to stop there, but I went on and pro-
posed to direct the Secretary, so as to leave him
no room to say whether, in his opinion, an appro-
priation was constitutional or not, but directed
him to expend the money at the points most re-
quiring improvement. How is that to bedeterm-
lned? The condition of the works, the com-
meice of the place, and Ho necessities as a harbor
of refuge, are the questions which enter into and
go to decide the propriety of a construction of this
character.
I certainly think the bill is not open to the ob-
jections which have been suggested, and! believe
1 could show very conclusively, if I were willing
to consume the time of the Senate by doing so,
that there is not a single objection taken to it
which is well founded. But 1 suggest again to
all my fnende, in the very best of motives, thatif
we are to discuss this subject and seek to have
every gentleman's views carried out, we might
just a^ well abandon the measure first as last, for
it cannot be carried out. If the Senator from Ohio
shall succecd in his amendment, the appropria-
tions made by which are,l think, proper, another
Senator will use and make specifications for which
I cannot vote. I know they have been in biila
before, and if they are brought up as distinct prop-
ositions, they cannot secure my vote; and what
is true of me, is doubtless true of others. If this
bill shall become a law, one hundred thousand
dollars will be appropriated for harbors on Lake
Erie. The most prominent points on the lake,
those most requiring improvement, are, one in
New York, and the remainder in the State of the
Senator from Ohio. There is no doubt about it.
IIis Slate will receive more money under this
appropriation than any other State on the lakes. It
will be necessary. Nobody can look at the lakes
and say it is not necet-sary. Such is the com-
merce of Lake Erie, such is the condition of the
improvements there now, and such the necessity
of harbors for lefuge, that the Ohio shore of the
lake must, necestariiy, absorb most of the money
appropnated. Buffialo comes in with it for a full
share, and that is about ail. I think then, upon
reflection, the Senator will come to the conclusion
which actuated me in introducing the bill to the
Senate; but if not, I only desire to say that if I
cannot agree in detail with all my friends who are
in favor of these great measures, I must submit to
delay until we can agree. I certainly cannot con-
sent to consume the time of the Senate unneces-
sarily.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone the prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the Indian
appropriation bill, which was made the special
order for to-day.
Mr. STUART. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to know the
exigency which requires us to take up the Indian
appropriation bill, because that will govern my vote.
This Dill is now before the Senate. It has been
half discussed, and it may be that its discussion
is almost closed. If we postpone it now, we shall
reopen the discussion when it is brought up again
precisely as if nothing had been said. It seems
to me, therefore, that, unless there is some press-
ing necessity for taking up the Indian appropria-
tion bill at once, it would be better to dispose of
the bill now before the Senate, and then take up
the Indian appropriation bill, suffering the other
improvement bills to pass over until Monday. I
believe that would be the course most conducive
to the rapid determination of business. Unless
there is some particular exigency, of which I am
riot yet cognizant, 1 cannot vote to take up the
Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I have not pressed an appro-
priation bill this week; I gave way to the other
business of the Senate; but I think the most eco-
nomical distribution of time would be to devote
this, the last day of the week, to the Indian ap-
propriation bill. I believe that if we had been
allowed to take it up at one o'clock, we could
probably dispose of it to-day, and thus have it
out of the way on Monday, when this and other
matters could be taken up. I know that if it is
not taken up to-day we shall have the same con-
test on Monday, and the appropriation bills will
thus be thrown over to the last of the session, as
has been so often done heretofore. Surely I need
say nothing as to the expediency of taking time,
full time, to deliberate and consider upon ths
appropriation bills. I believe it would bean econ-
omy of time, and that gentlemen would have
more opportunity for the general legislation of the
country, if they would give those bills that prece-
dence to which they are entitled, and dispose of
them as they come up, and then there could be an
interval to take up measures of general legisla-
tion. As it is, if the Indian appropriation bill
be postponed now, I foresee that all these other
matters will occupy us during the next week, and
we shall have to legislate, as we have heretofore
done upon the general appropriation bills, in
great haste, with great confusion, and under great
difficulty.
Mr. RUSK. There are one or two otherreasons
why the Indian appropriation bill should be taken
up and disposed of as early as possible. There
are many amendments to be proposed to it by the
committees of the Senate, which will probably be
the subject of discussion between the two Houses,
and which greatly affect our Indian policy. There
are many provisions in it that have reference to
the frontier, which is in a disturbed state at this
time. The extension of settlements on the fron-
tier has made the Indian business of the country
much more complicated. In my judgment, we
should pass the Indian appropriation bill at the
earliest moment possible. It is necessary for the
interests of the frontier; because it contains many
appropriations which are indispensable in order to
quiet the Indians on the frontier, and by passing
the bill early we shall perhaps prevent a much
larger expenditure. For that reason I hope it will
be taken up and considered now.
Mr. SEWARD. It is very certain, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the Indian appropriation bill will pass
somehow and in some shape before Congress ad-
i journs. There is no doubt at all about that; and
1 think the difference of one day, or two days, or
five days, or ten days in its passage, is of very
little consequence. On the other hand, the bill
which we have now under consideration is one
that comes before the Senate under extraordinary
circumstances. The last Congress revived, re-
newed, and reinstituted the system of the improve-
ment of lakes, rivers, and harbors. They pro-
vided for a very large outlay of expense for such
works. The works were commenced; and they
ought to have been continued as a mere matter of
economy to the Government; but, owing to a dis-
agreement between the President and the present
Congress at the last session, no appropriations
. were made, and the works are consequently
