W55.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ml
becoming dilapidated and falling into ruin. We
have now reached that state of affqjrs in Congress
in which it is ascertained that the disagreement be-
tween the President and Congress is irreconcilable;
and we have, in order to continue these works, to
adopt a new system, an untried system, and that
system has to be not only adopted by the Senate,
but concurred in by the House of Representatives
also. I submit to honorable Senators who are
interested in the prosecution of these works, that
if we should succeed in passing a bill to-day, or
several bills to-day, necessary to carry out the
views of the Senate on that subject, there will still
probably be left a sufficiency of time to secure the
concurrence of the House of Representatives if
we send the bills there as speedily as possible.
Under these circumstances, while I am desirous
to concur with the Committee on Finance in ex-
pediting the appropriation bill which they have
now brought to our attention, I must insist that
duty to the country requires that we should dis-
pose of the present business before taking it up.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. Hunter's motion, resulted—yeas 18, nays
26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Clay, Dawson,
Evans, Fitzpatiick, Gwin, Hunter, Mailory, Mason, Mor-
ton, Pettit, Husk, Sebastian, Toucey, Weller, and Wells
—1$.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Benjamin,Brainerd, Cass, Chase,
Clayton, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Fesstmiien, Foot,
Geyer, Gillette, James, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Jonss of
Tennessee, Fearce, l'ratt, Seward, Shields, Slidell, Stuart,
Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Wade, Wilson, and
Wright—27.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator fiuin Ohio, [Mr.
Wade.]
Mr. CLAYTON. I merely wish to say, in
reference to this bill, that that part of the first sec-
tion which gives to the Secretary of War, or any
Secretary, such a power as to determine the places
where the appropriations shall be expended, is, in
my judgment, wrong, and inconsistent with the
Constitution. Congress has power to appropriate
the public money. No power can be delegated
by Congress to a Secretary, or anybody else, to
appropriate money. According to al! the under-
standing I have ever had upon that subject, and
according to the understandmgof those with whom
I have heretofore associated in this body, an ap-
propriation means a specific designation, ex ri
termini. It implies, necessarily, a specific designa-
tion of the object and purpose for which the money
shall he expended. Sir, in my judgment, the ob-
jection was well taken by the Senator from Vir-
ginia to that part of this bill, and I hope we shall
set no such example. I admit that convenience
might, in some cases, be consulted by delegating
the powers of Congress to others. But the only
safe rule for us to adhere to is to stand by the
Constitution as it is. If money is to be expended
on the lakes, let us say where. GLuite enough of
discretion will be given to the Secretary, in any
event. If no Senator will move it, I move to strike
out the last line of the first section.
Mr. BELL. There is an amendment pending.
Mr. CLAYTON. If there is an amendment
pending for the same purpose, I will withdraw
mine. I only rose for the purpose of stating my
opinion of the provision. I think we ought to
adhere, in every case, to the principle that Con-
gress alone shall appropriate the public money.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I do not rise to
debate this subject; for to debate it would probably
be to defeat the bill. I have, however, the strongest
objections to the proposition presented by the
committee, for the reason that it withdraws from
this body a power which properly belongs to us,
and confers upon the Executive branch of the
Government, what, in my opinion, would be a
very ridiculous power for it to exercise, and which
would render these appropriations of no avail.
An appropriation of $100,000 for all the harbors
on the south shore of Lake Erie would be, proba-
bly, too small an amount to be used to any advan-
tage. Nearly all that sum would be required to
be expended in preparing to do the work, and
then there would be very little, if anything, left to
proceed with. The Senator from Michigan may
think that he can judge of the amount of appro-
priation better than the engineers who were sent
to these places for the purpose of making esti-
mates. My amendment is founded upon a rec-
ommendation of the Department on actual survey
of each of the harbors for which it provides. The
work is becoming dilapidated, and no doubt it
would be well to appropriate now, more money
than was recommended when those estimates were
made; but, nevertheless, I am willing to take
what the proper officers have said is right. It
seems to me that we defer sufficiently to the Ex-
ecutive branch of the Government when we found
our legislation upon the estimates and recommend-
ations which the proper officers of that branch
specifically make to each House.
But, aside from that, here are a great number
of harbois on the south shore of Lake Erie, all of
which have been adjudged to be of great import-
ance to the commerce of that lake. Some of them
are of greater, and some of them of lesser, im-
portance, to be sure; but all of them are necessary,
and even more harbors, if they could be advan-
tageously constructed there, would be necessary
as harbors of rel'uge, for the safety of the naviga-
tion o: the lake. It is of the first importance that
we should appropriate something to keep up those
harbors whic.ii are now fast going to dilapidation
and decay. Suppos-e, however, you should give
$100,000 to be scrambled or raffled for, for the
improvement of the harbors along that lake, there
would be applications to the Executive to make an
appropriation here, and there, and everywhere,
i'hat is too contentious a mode. It will lead to
a universal scramble for Executive favor. There
is no necessity for it, because the proper officers
of the Executive Department themselves have
specified where, in their judgment, the money
should be appropriated, and at what particular
places. Why should we disregard what they have
said, appropriate a less sum, and then leave them
a broad discretion to expend it wherever they
please? That is what these hills amount to. The
Senator from Michigan says it is a specific ap-
propriation which leaves nothing to the discretion
of the Executive Department, because it pro-
vides that the money shall be expended where it
is most needed. Well, who is to judge of the
necessity? The War Department, of course. I
have not, however, so much objection to that as I
have to thecontentious nature ol the appropriation,
for I know what will succeed it. The very mo-
ment you pass such a bill, agents will be sent here
from every one of tho^e harbors besieging ihe
Executive to expend portions of this money on
their harbors. It will be a very invidious duty,
and not at ail a desirable task for the Executive
to determine between them. I think that to confer
such power on the Executive would be giving hitn
a discretion from which he would willingly be re-
lieved. I hope the Senate will adopt the amend-
ment which I have submitted; but, as I said be-
fore, I do not wish to argue it. I only ask that
the vote shall be taken.
Mr. BAYARD. I confess, Mr. President, that
I am unable to agree with the honorable Senator
from Michigan in the construction which he places
on the bill, as reported by the Committee on Com-
merce. It is true, sir, it does not give an unlimited
discretion to the Secietary of War, but it gives a
wide and very indefinite discietion. The bill
makes an appropriation Tor the harbors on the
lakes. That we can understand as specific to that
extent; but the particular places where the money
is to be expended are those places where it is most
required. Now, who is to determine the places at
which it is most requisite that expenditure should
be made? Is not that to be a discretionary exer-
cise of judgment on the part of the Secretary of
War?
The honorable Senator from Michigan may en-
tertain his views, that the necessary result will be
that particular harbors will receive the benefit of
this appropriation; but it might happen that the
officers who control that Department wiU arrive at
different conclusions. I admit that the Senator has
started the elements which probably would enter
into the judgment of the Secretary of War; butwe
must remember that there is another influence—
the weight of local applications. The Secretary
of War will have the people of different parts of
the lakes pressing on him, or representing their
own claims as being those places at which im-
provement is most requisite. There are a great
many minute facts which would have to enter into
the exercise of this discretion. Clearly, according
te the Senator's own suggestion at the close of his
remarks, the object of this mods of appropriation
is to substitute the discretion of the Secretary of
War in lieu of the discretion of Congress in the
selection of the particular works for which the
appropriation is to be made. The honorable Sen-
ator seemed to me to admit that this form was
adopted with a view to get rid of the difficulties
arising from differences of opinion among merin-
bers of Congress as to what points on the lakes
these appropriations should be applied to. In
order to get rid of the difficulties resulting from
these differences of opinion, he proposes to refer
the selection of the points to the discretion of the
Secretary of War. Sir, I incline against allowing
any such discretion as that. Congress has no
right to delegate its duties to the Executive, ■
At some future day, when the Senate is less
pressed with business I may, perhaps, take occit-
sion to define what I consider the constitutional
limit to the power of internal improvement, but" I
shall not trouble the Senate with any remarks
upon that question at this time. I can feresee that
a bill like this would open the door to an exteht
of Executive influence, which might or might not
be very improperly exercised. At all events it
would be throwing away, on our part, a power
which, I think, properly belongs to us. The
particular work for which an appropriation 'Is
asked ought to be before Congress, ought to be
approved by the legislative will, and ought to be
a work which is within the terms of the constitu-
tion according to the legislative will, and which is
requisite for the general interests of the country.
Under these circumstances I shall vote for the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio, if it be
whot. I suppose it to be.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to say but one word
of explanation in regard to this question. At the
last session of Congress, 1 was one of the Com-
mittee on Commerce; and we reported the House
bill containing a general schedule of appropria-
tions for the specific objects of internal improve-
ment. I stood by that bill. My colleauge on
the committee, the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Stuart,] moved as an amendment to
it a provision similar to that which constitutes the
whole of the present amendment of the commit-
tee. 1 opposed his amendment at that time upon
grounds which I then succinctly stated, and which
have been presented here by the honorable Sena-
tor from Maryland. I was among those whose
votes defeated that amendment. The two Houses
passed the bill and sent it to .the President of the
United States, who in his wisdom saw fit to inter-
! pose his veto. Under the circumstances my col-
I leagues on the committee have submitted this bill;
and I have agreed to submit it, because I prefer
I internal improvements somehow, to internal im-
' provements nohow; I prefer internal improve-
ments any way to a defeat, and subversion of
the system. At the same time I must say th'at
my convictions are that the plan which has bein
vetoed, is the right way, and when that is pro-
posed here by others, i think it my duty to sup-
port it. If they shall fail, I shall then support
the proposition of my colleague on the Committee
on Commerce, in the hope that we may obtain
something, though itmay be but a partial carrying
out of the system. '
Mr. RUSK. I have been favorable, sir, to the
system of internal improvements by the General
Government. I believe Congress, under the Con-
stitution, has the power to make appropriations
for improvements of a national character. I know
that it is very difficult to adopt any system fbr
carrying out such a power. It is a dangerous one,
and is likely to be exercised not for the object
proposed by the improvements, but for squander-
ing the public money in particular localities. _So
far as the appropriation of money goes for im-
provements of a national character, I shall sustain
the measure whenever a proper occasion presents
itself and a judicious measure is brought forwarii.
So far as a scramble for money out tjf the public
Treasury, and its expenditure in particular local-
ities go, I shall not support it. I regard thife Mil
as stamping, to some extent, that character updn
these improvements. It reads " that there be,
and is hereby, appropriated, out-ofany money m
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of $525,000 for the improvement'of the harbors of
lakes Champlain, Ontario, Erie, St. Clair, Huron,
Superior, and Michigan, in the following propor-
tions, to wit," dividing it among them.
Now, sir, what difference would there be be-
