1664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 10,
in which the distinction that the Senator spoke of
could be put into practical operation, that would
be selected by any man out of a mad-house.
Mr. HUNTER. That would be selected by
any man out of a mad-house! He acknowledges
that, under the discretion, unless the man be a
.■wise man, he may, if you give him the power,
select objects not constitutional in the view of
some gentlemen. It would be found, and has
been found, if he will look to the veto messages,
that there has been a difference of opinion among
the friends of the measure even in relation to the
objects included in any one bill, in regard to the
constitutional power of Congress to appropriate.
I acknowledge that, in some of those distinctions,
I do not see reason or consistency; butl spoke in
reference to the opinions of others, not mine. 1
spoke in reference to the opinion that may be en-
tertained by those who will have to exercise the
•very discretion which it is proposed to leave to
them; and I say it is a discretion that would be
unwise and unsafe in us to repose in anybody;
and after proceeding upon the supposition that we
are unfit, and unable, and incapable of passing
upon the expediency of particular appropriations,
that would amount to stultifying the two Houses
of Congress. It would amount to this, that we
ought to abdicate and renounce our duties, and
retire at once. For what were we sent here, ex-
cept to scrutinize matters of legislation; yes, sir,
and appropriations, and to determine, in the name
of the people, whether they were such as we
thought they ought to give their sanction to; and
if we are unfit to do that, we are unfit for our
places, and ought to go home, and be replaced by
those who are fit; for, undoubtedly, there are men
in the country who are fit to exercise such discre-
tion.
Sir, I regard this as a practical admission that
the system cannot be carried out by the aid of
Congress, that the only mode in which it can be
carried out is to submit it to the Executive dis-
cretion and control. Looking at it in that point of
view, I must believe that it is the most dangerous
system which has ever erected its head m our
midst; and if it is to be carried on, and prosecuted
in this way, it will lead to evils and dangers which
110 man can now foresee.
Mr. SEWARD said: I quite concur with the
honorable Senator from Virginia; and I cannot
refrain from saying that I think the crisis is an
imminent one, when we are required either to sur-
render the whole policy of internal improvements,
or else to surrender our own legislative power to
the President of the United States. Sir, I am not
convinced, by any means, of the truth or justice
of any of the positions assumed by the honorable
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart], I am
not satisfied that the President of the United
States, or the Secretary of War, can exercise the
required discretion more wisely than we can ours.
The difficulty is said to be, that we cannot have
all the information for ourselves, collate it and
compare it and weigh it for ourselves; but sir, we
are sixty-two men, and if sixty-two men cannot,
by a subdivision of labor, perform this necessary
investigation, how can it be, that one man can
perform the same labor, and not only that, but
perform all the Executive duties which devolve
upon his department? Sir, I am not satisfied that
the President or the Secretary of War will exer-
cise this power with a closer and stricter regard
to the constitutionality of the measures which are
involved. On the contrary, the tendency of Ex-
ecutive power always is to pervert the mind of
him who exercises it; and to substitute a ne -■ and
different constitution for the written one under
which he acts; and if constitutions are ever to be
preserved, they are to be preserved by the debates
and discussions of legislative representatives of
the people.
Again, sir, I am not satisfied that this power
will be exercised with more careful economy, and
with greater purity of motive and of purpose, by
the Executive than by Congress. If we, sixty-
two men, are liable to be misled by sectional, or
local, or individual interests, how shall we say
that one man, whom nobody watches, who has
no reporters of his secret thoughts, and of the
accesses to the legislative hall which he inhabits,
"shall be more honest, more just, more pure than
"we are? Sir, if corruption should come to haunt
this Hall, it will be a sad thing for the Republic;
but that day will happen long after the Executive
Department of this Government shall have been
corrupted.
The argument of the honorable Senator seems
to me to prove too,much. If in every case where
we find difficulty in the exercise of our responsi-
bility, we devolve it upon the Executive, where
shall we stop? We find the same difficulty in
making the Pacific railroad. Shall we authorize
the President of the United States to determine the
question, in his discretion, whether to make one,
two, or three roads from here to the Pacific? We
have the same difficulty about the Post Office De-
partment. The mail of the United States is not
carried one mile by land or sea except under the
express direction of the Congress of the United
States; but we find great conflicts among the
claimants for the advantages and benefits of the
postal system. Shall we, therefore, submit the
matter to the Postmaster General, and vote him a
sum of money which he shall expend for carrying
the mail where he pleases, and as he pleases, and
bestow contracts upon whom he pleases? It is
the same thing with the Army and Navy, and
we may as well at once, when we begin,surrender
up the whole of our discretion to tlie Executive
Department. Sir, the honorable Senator's argu-
ment is a capital argument, a splendid argument,
a forcible argument, a powerful argument in favor
of the British constitution instead of our own. It
would give to the Executive, to the Ministry, a
large discretion in regaid to the exercise of legis-
lative powers wlnle it would save to the Legisla-
ture only the power of withholding appropriations
when it chose to find fault with the Ministry, and
desire a change; but even that change we cannot
have here. We cannot change the Ministry as
they can in England; and when we surrender, we
surrender the whole of our power.
I quite concur with the honorable Senator from
Virginia. 1 would father, ( was going to say,
have no appropriations for these works at all,
than have them at the cost of the independence of
the Congress of the United States. I hope we
shall not agree to enter upon this new and untried
way.
Mr. CLAYTON. I think we have been ftver-
lookmg the fact that this identical question was
decided by a very large majority at the last ses-
sion. The Committee on Commerce then report-
ed an amendment to the river and harbor bill,
and the same question then arose, and was then
decided. 1 remember very well, sir, that upon
that occasion, I distinctly announced to the Sen-
ate that I waa, and always had been, a decided
friend of internal improvements; and wasanxious
to vote for the bill; but yet, if there was in it a
delegation of legislative power to the Executive
department to enable that department to legislate
substantially for the Government, I could not, and
would not, vote for the bill. 1 would rather the
whole system of intei nal improvements were pros-
trate ih 'ii see the independence of Congress tiam-
pled under foot in this manner? I do not propose
to go over tlie arguments again which were then
presented, for the subjoct has been exhausted.
But, as the honorable Senator from Virginia
has said—and he has not been answered on that
point—if such a proposition as this is constitu-
tional, then you might as well appropriate all the
money for the Navy, to be expended by the Sec-
retary of the Navy as he thinks proper;and all the
money for the Army to be expended under the
discretion of the Secretary of War, and so with
the other Departments. Can any man point out
the distinction, in principle, between this case arid
a general act of Congress appropriating fifty or
one hundred millions of dollars at the commence-
ment of the session, to be expended by the Presi-
dent of the United States as to him shall seem
proper. If one of the Secretaries can have such a
power as this delegated to him, it follows irresist-
ibly that the whole legislative power of Congress
can be delegated to the President; and we should
have nothing to do but to meet here every session
and say it is more convenient far the President to
exercise this power than for us; the money will be
more economically expended by him; he is wiser
than the whole of us put together; it will be much
mere convenient for him, during th« leng vacation,
to decide the manner in which the money shall be
expended; and so we might pass, in three lines, a
sweeping appropriation of fifty er one hundred
millions to be expended by the President.
1 hope my friends on the Committee on Com-
merce will abandon the design. They reported
a proposition of the same kind at the last session.
One gentleman shakes his head; but the records
of the Senate show that just such a piopositiqn,
in substance, was voted down by a large majority
of the Senate, and I hope it will be voted down
again, and never renewed.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The Chair will state to the Senator that the first
question in order is on the amendment reported
by the Committee on Commerce. That being an
amendment proposed by the Committee it takea
precedence of the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
Mr. SEWARD. Is not the amendment amend-
able ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Either amend-
ment is amendable. But the question is not now
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Ohio. The amendment reported by the Committee
on Commerce takes precedence of it.
Mr. BAYARD. If it is in order I should like
to move to recommit the bill to the Committee on
Commerce, with instructions to report specific
appropriations for the different objects?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That propo-
sition is in order.
Mr. ADAMS. I hope that the motion will not
prevail. The distinguished Senator from Louis-
iana has stated to the Senate that, from all the
information which the committee could obtain, they
could only arrive at the conclusion that $525,000
ought to be expended on these lakes; but where,
nobody could tell; and to call upon them to make
a report of that kind when they advise the Senate
that, having examined all the reports, they could
not obtain the necessary information upon that
point, would impose upon them a task with which
they might feel themselves unable to comply.
Mr. BELL. I do not understand that there is
a proposition from the committee to amend the
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proposi-
tion of the committee is an amendment. The
committee reported an amendment, the substance
of which is, that an appropriation of $525,000
shall be made for improving the harbors on the
lakes, $25,000 of which are for Lake Champlain.
That is the proposition of the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. BELL. That is the only amendment of
the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BELL. Then all this debate has been out
of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
first question in order before the Senate.
Mr. BELL. I hope we shall proceed to vote.
I understand the object of the argument of the
Senator from Virginia against the appropriation
in the bill. I see his anxiety to get up a general
discussion upon the expediency and constitution-
ality of this measure. I hope that our friends
will not take the bait, although a number of gen-
tlemen think it is important to answer theseargu-
ments, which are at least twenty years old, all of
them. I have not heard any new one to-day.
Mr. BAYARD. If my motion is in order, I
make it; it is to recommit the bill to the Commit-
tee on Commerce with instructions to report spe-
cific appropriations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is in order; but the Chair will suggest to the Sen-
ator from Delaware, that the instructions should
be in writing.
Mr. PRATT. I should like to have the atten-
tion of the Senator from Delaware for a moment
before he submits that motion. I have prepared
an amendment, which I think will meet the con-
stitutional objection of the Senator from Virginia.
It is to strike out the words "at such places on
each of said lakes," and insert " on such harbors
in either of the said lakes, for the improvement of
which appropriations have heretofore been made
by Consress." The Senator will perceive that,
by the adoption of this amendment, thediscretion
of the Secretary of War will be limited to the
expenditure of this money upon such harbors as
Congress has heretofore determined ought to be
improved, which it was constitutional to improve,
and to which they have heretofore made appro-
priations for the purpose of making the improve-
