£60
N® 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
when these bills were taken up. We have had
some ".ittle experience in regard to the effect of a
discretionary power vested in the hands of the
Departments. It will be remembered, particularly
by those who have favored the system of internal
improvement by the General Government in regard
to our rivers, that the Mississippi,-Ohio, Missouri,
and Arkansas, have almost invariably been cov-
ered by one appropriation, and the allotment of
the different sums of money that should be ex-
pended on each river has been heretofore made at
the discretion, of the Secretary. That allotment
has scarcely ever been satisfactory. It certainly
never has been in regard to the Arkansas river.
The returns of the accounts that are furnished of
the disbursement of the moneys upon those rivers
has ever been complicated, and it has been difficult
to ascertain where ttie precise amounts were ex-
pended. At present,the wholeamount ($40,000)
that was set apart for the Arkansas river out of
the entire appropriation to all those rivers, under
the last general appropriation bill of that character,
has been, I believe, expended or very nearly ex-
pended; but 1 have found the utmost difficulty, in
fact, I have found it almost impossible, to ascer-
tain the true condition of things. It so binds and
connects itself with all the other interests, with
which the appropriation for it was connected, that
it seems to be impossible to understand it.
I deplore and lament over the manner in which
the funds appropriated for the Arkansas river have
been wasted, and scattered, and thrown away, and
that, too, by men who ought to have attended to
their business; but who, instead of that, have
spent their time and the public money in running
their boats up and down the river, or lying idly
at the banks, neglecting their duties, or wholly
abandoning them, while they go off a distance of
two, three, or five hundred miles, to attend parties
of private pleasure for personal amusement or for
personal interest. All this has been charged to
nave been the case; and though no work was being
done, the officers and crew continued under pay,
and the money to be wasted. Such has been the
character of much of the expenditure of money 011
that river.
Amounts have been set apart for that river,
under appropriations exactly similar in effect to
the proposition now before us; but so many ob-
jects have been connected with them, and the ex-
penditures have been made there in such a way as
to throw the burden upon the funds set apart for
the Arkansas alone, while the benefits have been
conferred upon the other rivers. For instance,
three boats were sought to be equipped for all the
rivers, out of the funds for the Arkansas river
alone. Nominally, we have had our part; prac-
tically we have had no benefit. I have filed a pro-
test in the Treasury Department against the
manner of settling the accounts; but 1 can ascer-
tain nothing as yet as to the manner in which
they are settled. Forty thousand dollars, I know,
have gone, but I also know that no benefit has
resulted from it. This has resulted, in a great
measure, from overslaughing Arkansas men, and
appointing strangers to us and our interests, not to
work—for they do not—but to waste all the means
you give to us, and we rest our hopes upon. I
have scarcely touched this subject. I do hope,
sir, that the lakes, as well as the rivers, may be
put upon such a basis as to specify the amount
appropriated to each. I should, therefore, be glad
to see the Senator from Delaware press his motion
to refer the whole subject back again to the com-
mittee, so that they may report such a bill. And
hereafter, I will now say, I will hold to rigid
accountability, to the extent of the means in my
power, all men who may have charge of the in-
terests of Arkansas, or of the moneys appropri-
ated for her benefit. Cluietly and silently I will
no longer submit to a disregard which does us
such serious injury.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to recommit the bill to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, with instructions.
Mr. HCJNTER. 1 regard that as raising the
question between specific and indefinite appropri-
ations, and therefore shall vote for the motion—
not that I would vote for a bill containing those
specific anpropriations.
Mr. WADE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. GEYER. As the yeas and nays have been
ordered, 1 desire to give my reasons for voting
against the motion. The object contemplated by
the Senator from Delaware will be answered by
voting for the amendment submitted by the Sena-
tor from New Yoik. If thatamendment prevails,
we shall have specific appropriations for every
object contained in the bill—for every harbor that
has ever been appropriated for on these lakes, and
no others. The instructions are to bring in a bill
which is to contain these specific appropriations.
There is, therefore, no reason for recommitting
the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator is
mistaken. The instructions to the Committee
are to bring in a bill specifying the appropria-
tions for those works which, in their judgment,
require an appropriation, and when the bill shall
be submitted, we can judge of the items con-
tained in it. We can judge whether those items
be proper and right, and whether the bill should
be passed.
Mr. ADAMS. I would vote for a recommittal
without instructions, but I could not vote for a
bill prepared in compliance with such instructions,
and therefore I do not see that I can consistently
] vote for the motion.
Mr. WADE. I deem the question a test ques-
tion. If this goes to the committee, there is no
hope of any improvement being made this year.
I shall, therefore, vote against the reference.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alton, Bayard, Buil' r, Clay, Clayton,
Dawson, Donslas, Evans, Kuzuatrick, Cwin, llunler,
Johnson, Junes of Iowa, Mallory, Mason, Morton, Pettit,
Rusk, Stbasuan, Shields, Slidell, Toucey, Welter, and
VVolH-'H '
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bell, Iirainerd, Cass, Cliase,
Dodire of Wisconsin, Fcssmdrn, Fool, Ueyer, Jones of
Tennessee, I'ralt, Seward, Stuart, Sumner, Thompson of
Kentucky, Wade, and Wright—17.
So the motion to recommit was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the Indian
appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senator with-
draw that motion that some House bills may be
referred >
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly.
A bill from the House to provide for holding the
courts of the United States in the northern and
southern districts of Florida, in case of sickness
or disability of either of the judges of those dis-
tricts, was read twice, and referred to the Com-
miltee 011 the Judiciary.
A bill from the House to amend an act approved
August 31,1852, entitled " An act making further
provision for the satisfaction of Virginia land war-
rants," was read twice, and referred to the Com-
i mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
j The bill from the House concerning the appre-
1 hension and delivery of deserters from foreign ves-
i sels m the ports of the United States was read
' twice, and reported to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
SENATE BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Webster, his Secretary, an-
nounced that he had approved and signed the fol-
lowing bills;
A bill for the relief of the heirs-at-law of Wil-
liam Van Wart, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Don B. Juan Domercq,
a Spanish subject.
A bill for the relief of Catharine B. Arnold;
A bill to increase the pension of Patrick C.
Miles;
A bill for the relief of the West Feliciana Rail-
road and the Georgia Railroad and Banking
Companies;
A bill to change the appropriation for the erec-
tion of a building in the city of Milwaukie for a
custom-house, post office, and the United States
courts; and
A bill for the relief of E. J. McLane.
ILLINOIS JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
The bill from the House to divide the State of
Illinois into two judicial districts, was read twice
by its title.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope that bill will be put
upon its passage at this time. A similar bill has
been before the Committee on the Judiciary.
Tii« Senate, by unanimous consent, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill.
It proposes to enact that the counties of Han-
cock, McDonough, Peoria, Woodford, Livings-
ton, and Iroquois, and the counties north of them
shall constitute the northern district of Illinois,
and the counties south of them, the southern
district. The courts for the northern district are
to be held at Chicago, and for the southern, at
Springfield. In each there are to be held two reg-
ular terms a year, and special terms when neces-
sary. Suits now pending are to be prosecuted in
whichever court they would have been commenced
in if both districts had been in existence when
they were instituted.
The present officers of the court are to be as-
signed to the northern district, and a judge, clerk,
marshal, and attorney are to be appointed for
southern Illinois. The judge of,the southern dis-
trict is to receive a salary of $2,o00 a year.
Mr. STUART. I-would like to inquire, as
this would seem to be very much a question of
propriety, why the State should be divided into
two districts, and the sSlary of each of the judges
be $2,500. There has been a bill sent to us from
the House, and one which is under consideration
of the Senate, which does not proceed upon any
such basis as that. The salary of the judge at
Chicago stands at $2,500, with the whole State as
his district. Now it is proposed to divide the
State, stnd to give the additional judge $2,500.
Certainly that cannot be right, while the judge at
Milwaukie, with the whole State of Wisconsin as
his district, is, according to that bill, to get but
§2,000. At present he gets $1,500; but by the bill
it is proposed to give him §2,000. The judge of
the district of Michigan, with the whole State as
his district, stands now only at $1,500.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator will allow me,
I think I can make an explanation which will he
entirely satisfactory. The next bill, or very nearly
the next one, from the House of Representatives,
he will find, fixes the salaries of all the district
judges of the United States; and in that bill these
very salaries are fixed at $2,500, that of Wiscon-
sin at $2,500, and that of Michigan is $2,500.
That bill is on our table, and it will pass in a few
minutes, and will obviate the whole of that ob-
jection.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator had understood
me he would not have made those remarks, be-
cause it was of the existence of that bill that I waa
speaking. I say that it gives to the Wisconsin
judge $2,000, with the whole State as his district.
It gives the Illinois judge §2,500, also, with the
whole State as his district. Now, this bill divides
this State, and gives the new judge $2,500. Pro-
ceed 011 the ground that the bill from the House
shall be acted upon, the two judges in Illinois will
stand at $2,500 each, and the judge in Wisconsin,
with the whole State as his district, will stand at
$2,000. This is not right. There is not as much
business for the judge who is to be newly ap-
pointed in Illinois, as there is for the Wisconsin
judge. Under the new bill, the judge at Detroit,
with the State of Michigan for his district, stands
also at $2,500. I submit that this does not seem
to me to be right. I have no objection to the bill
whatever. It is merely a question of graduation
of salaries. If the Senator is in possession of such
information as will show us that that judge ought
to be paid as much, for instance, as the district
judge of Michigan, why, then the bill will be right.
I only allude to that as one example. I speak,
however, in regard to the application of the bill on
the table. If the principle upon which it is based
will continue two judges in Illinois at the same
salary that the bill on the table intended to give to
one of them, he doing the whole business, that is
right; bnt if not, it cannot be right.
t Mr. DOUGLAS. I suppose the real question
is, whether Illinois ought to be divided into two
judicial districts. Upon that point, it is sufficient
to say, that by a law which was passed some ten
years ago giving maritime jurisdiction to the
district courts in the districts bordering on the
lakes, there is brought into the United States
court at Chicago as much maritime business from
the lakes as one judge can do during the whole
year, it so happens that all vessels which start
from the lower lakes, whether from Ogdensburg,
Oswego, or Buffalo, for the upper lakes, or nearly
all of them, have a cargo on board for Chicago.
They run te Chicago as the port of destination,
