1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6TI
eighteen of the general patent law, approved July
4, 183G, aiid shall thereupon determine and decide
the:r right as original inventors, according to the
provisions of this act, to the claims embraced in
their application, from which decision an appeal
may be taken, as in ordinary cases. It also pro-
vides that all rights and interests in said patent
heretofore granted or assigned by said patentees,
or by their duly authorized agents, in their name,
shall inure to, and be enjoyed by, such assignees
and purchasers thereof, respectively, during the
renewed term of said patent, upon the same con-
ditions and to the same extent as for the term that
did exist when such sale or assignment was made.
The bill was read.
The CHAIRMAN. Unless objection be made
to the bill it will be laid aside to be reported to the
House.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I know
nothing about the merits of the case, but I under-
stand this to be a bill for the extension of a patent
for some instrument connected with farming—
some reaping machine. The Legislature of Illinois
has passed resolutions giving instructions upon
the matter, and I have presented several petitions
from the farmers of that State against renewing
this patent. I should like, therefore, to know what
the patent is, and on what grounds the renewahs
asked for.
Mr. SEWAED. If it is in order, I object to
this bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will state, for the
information of the committee, and for the purpose
of letting us proceed with other business, that the
same subject is up m the other House, and will
be, I believe, disposed of to-day by some sort of
compromise. 11 is of no use for us to go into this
subject, and take up the time of the committee ill
discussing it to-day. I therefore move that the
bill be passed over informally.
Mr. TRACY. 1 desire to say, in reply to the
remark made by the gentleman from Virgin id, that
the subject does not come up in the Senate to-day.
It has been postponed to some day next week,
and will not be acted on to-day.
The CHAIRMAN. The question in regard to
passing over the bill informally is not debatable'
Is the motion made to pass it over informally?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes; I make that
motion.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I hope it
will be passed over informally for the present, so
that we may inquire into its meiits. The farmers
appear to be very hostile to its renewal.
The question being on the motion to pass over
the bill informally,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, demanded tellers.
Mr. CLARK. 1 wish to state to the House
that this measure has been indorsed by the Legis-
lature of the State of Michigan; and if the com-
mittee wiil have the patience to investigate the
matter, they will come to the conclusion, I have
no doubt, that the bill ought to pass at this time.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Smith's
motion; and, upon division, there were—ayes 41,
noes fi2.
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum voting.
Mr. HAMILTON demanded tellers.
The CHAIRMAN. Tellers have been refused.
Mr. HAMILTON. But cannot tellers be or-
dered by unanimous consent?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
announced that there was no quorum.
Mr. ORR. Let us have tellers by unanimous
consent.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. Tellers were called
for before the Chair announced the result.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. 1 would sug-
gest that we had better pass by this bill, and take
up some other bill to which there is no objection.
The CHAIRMAN. The question will be taken
by tellers, as there appears to be no objection.
Messrs. Smith, of Virginia, and McQueen
were appointed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand that
the same amendment which has been proposed in
the Senate will be offered here. That being so, I
cheerfully withdraw my motion.
Mr. TRACY. The applicant in this case
having applied here for some years for an exten-
sion of their patent, which has received, by a very
strong vote, the favorable consideration of this
House, has, nevertheless, become wearied at the
delay attending it; and he desires me to otTV ihe 1
substitute which 1 now send to the Chair. In lieu
of the bill now before the House, I propose to
strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert
a substitute.
The Clerk then read the substitute, as follows:
That the Commissioner of Patents be, and he is hereby,
authorized and required to hear and consider die applica-
lion of fliram Moore l'or the renewal and extension of the
letters patent granted to the said Hiram Moore and John
flascall for improvements in harvesting grain, dated June
28,18.S6, in ttie same manner and upon thesaine principles
as if he was applying under existing l.tws lor tiie extension
of an unexpiied patent, and to reluse a renewal of said
patent, or to revive and extend the same lor the term of
is*1 veil j ears from and aftei the passage of tins bill, or to the
28ih of June, 1864, as in tins icspecthe shall think just and
pioper: Provided, The said Hiram Moore shall first, and
wiilnn six months, pay into the Tieasury to the credit of
the patent fund the tees required by law for the extension
of patents : Provided also, That no person shall be held
under ihis act in any way accountable for the use or sale of
any machine now made, or which may, within six months
from the passage ot* this act, be made or sold tor use. And
all rights and interests in said patent heretofore granted or
assigned by said patentees, shall mure to and be enjoyed
by suid a^-iynre.-s K^pccuvf-ly during the renewed term of
said patent, upon the same conditions and to the same
extent as during the icrui tliat did exist when such sale or
assignment was made.
Mr. HILL. I approve myself, not only as a
member of the Committee of the Whole, but of
the Committee on Patents, of the general features
of this bill; but I desire to make a suggestion in
connection with it. There are three patentees,as
I understand, of the same improvement, and there
is a great controversy going on as to the priority
of the patent. If 1 understand it, there has been
a great struggle between these parties, not only in
the public prints, but tn this House, involving the
rights of these parties. The House, as I under-
stand it, cannot properly adjudicate between these
parties as to the relative merits of the patent or its
priority, and a disposition has grown up here to
refer all these matters to the Patent Office and the
Commissioner of Patents—a tribunal constituted
by the country to adjudicate upon such matters.
As an individual member of the Committee on
Patents, I would like to offer an amendment, as an
additional section to the bill, making a provision
of a similar character to that already in the bill,
in favor of another one of the patentees of this
improvement—Mr. McCormick. I would ask the
Chair whether such an amendment would be in
order at this time?
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment of a sim-
ilar character is in order to the bill.
Mr JONES, of Tennessee. This is a bill for
a specific purpose—for relief in a particular case—
and 1 would suggest that no amendment upon a
different subject can be entertained.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Vermont simply
proposes to give the Commissioner of Patents the
right to examine the applications of these pat-
entees, and, according to the merits of the case, to
extend the patent. The gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Hill] has stated that a similar application
is before Congress now for an extension of the
same improvement; and the proposition is to get
clear of as many of these claims as possible by
introducing an independent section m this bill,
which provides for giving to Cyrus McCormick
the same privileges; and the question is, is that
amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
any section providing for general legislation might
possibly be in order; but the Chair also thinks
that the adding a provision to this bill for the benefit
of a distinct individual is not in order. This sec-
tion is another act, for the benefit of another
person, and the Chair will hold to that conclusion
unless he is overruled.
Mr. SMITH. Well, I do not appeal from the
decision of the Chair, and am perfectly willing
that the bill should pass.
Mr. HILL. My amendment being ruled out
of order, I have no more use for the floor, and I
yield it.
Mr. TRACY. I wish to say only a very few
words in reference to the application before the
committee. The applicant, in 1836, obtained a
patent for what he termed a " harvester," a ma-
chine combining reaping, threshing, and winnow-
ing. it will readily be perceived,from the nature
of the machine, that he could test its operation but
once in twelve months, that is, only during har-
vest time, and, in that respect, it ia unlike most
machines, which can be perfected and tried in th«
shop where they are manufactured, from day to
day, the whole year through.
The applicant spent the entire time of the run-
ning of the patent in making improvements, and
bringing it to perfection, so that it would work to
his satisfaction. In his application here, he sought
to be protected in the improvements he made during
the fourteen years. He sought to have them added
to the patent granted in 1836. Wearied out with
the delay that has attended his application, he has
concluded to be satisfied with the extension of the
original patent first granted.
Hut it may be asked why did he not apply to
the Commissioner of Patents to have it extended
under the general law ? It was for the reason I
have just stated, that he desired the benefits of the
improvements he had made during fourteen years,
and knowing that the Commissioner of Patents had
not the power to do that, he applied to Congress.
He made application here in season to have had
his patent renewed had he applied to the Commis-
sioner of Patents. lie applied at the first session
of the Thirty-First Congress, I think it was—at
any rate, it was in December, 1849—the patent
expiring June 28th, 1850. In January, 1850, the
Committee on Patents of this House made a favor-
able report, and the House acted favorably upon
it. It passed the House, and went to the Senate.
It failed to be acted upon there at all during the
session. In the mean time the patent had expired;
and the time within which he had a right to apply
to the Commissioner of Patents for ail extension,
had gone by, and he had no remedy but to apply
to Congress.
The patentee has spent all he was worth in the
world in constructing and maturing this machine;
and not only all he was worth, but he applied to
friends, who were able to assist him, and received
their money, and spent that, also, in perfecting the
machine. He spent $25,000, and has received
back only $5,000, leaving him and his friends
minus $20,000. And that is the way in which the
matter stands to-day.
It seems to me it presents # case which should
induce this House to grant the application, if there
ever was a case in which an application for the
extension of a patent should be granted. These
men have not made a profit out of the public.
They only ask that to which they would have
been entitled had they made the application to the
Commissioner in time It seems to me it presents a
strong case; and, believing that the committee will
look upon it in the same light, I move the previous
question.
Mr. ORR. Happily for us the previous question
does not hold in a Committee of the Whole House.
I have had no time to examine this case; but I have
sent to the document room and procured a copy
of the report which has been submitted; and I
confess—with due deference to the committee, and
without meaning any reflection at all upon the
Committee on Patents—I have never examined a
report in this House, which showed upon its face
so little ground for passing the bill upon which the
report is predicated.
Now, sir, I will read to the committee the entire
report, and it will not trouble them much to listen
to it, as it is a very short document. The report
which 1 propose to read, was a report to recom-
mend the passage of the original bill It is true the
honorable gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Tract]
has moved an amendment to the bill, because, I
suppose, the original bill would have respected the
right of no one who happened to have m his pos-
session, since the patent expired, one of these
machines; but it would have subjected every one
of them to a liability to be brought into court, and
probably every one of them would have been
sued for an infringement of the patent. The
amendment was introduced for the purpose of in-
I ducing the House to pass the original bill.
| Now, to the report. Hereitis;
I That the petitioners first applied for a renewal of their
I patent at the first session ot the Thirty-First Congress;
that the Committee on Patents made a favorable report,
! and a bill was parsed by the House at that session for their
i relief, but failed to be finally aeted upon in the Senate. The
! subject was again presented at the fust session of the
I Thirty-Second Congress, and received a like favorable
! report from the Committee on Patents, and a like favorable
' action on the part of the House, but again failed ot final
i action in the Senate. The committee have examined the
report made at ilie first session ot the Thirty-Fn>t Congress,
and, concurring therein, the same is adopted and submitted
as part of this report.
