612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10.
The committee here rely exclusively upon the
report made in 1850. Now, I invite the attention
of the committee to the report of 1850, and it will
be found to be as meager of facts as the report
from which 1 have just read. Does it furnish any
just ground for the renewal prayed for by these
petitioners? Let us see. Here it is:
" The Committee on Patent4*, to wh6m was referred the
petition of Hiram Moore and John flascall, citizens of the
United States, asking an extension of their patent for a
machine fur cu'ting, threshing, and cleaning grain, com-
monly known as Moore & Flascall's harvesting machine ;
and to whom were also referred several statements of highly
respectable citizens of Michigan, ami a joint resolution of
the Legislature ol that State, in support of the application
of the pemoners, havms; had the same under consideration,
and come to the conclusion that the player of their petition
ought to be granted, report herewith a bill for that purpose,
and respectfully recommend its passage.
« For a statement of the facts and reasons which have
induced the committee to come to this conclusion, ibey beg
leave to refer to the above-mentioned papers, which are
hereunto appended, and made a part of Uiis report."
Then follow the petition of Moore & Hascall,
and certain other gentlemen, indorsed by many
citizens of the State of Michigan, and the resolu-
tions of the State of Michigan.
That is the report. On what ground, then,
Mr. Chairman, can these claimants come here
and ask that their patent shall be renewed? These
patentees had the right to go to the Commissioner
of Patents before the expiration of their first term
—before the 28th of June, 1850—and secure ex-
actly what is now asked. If they had shown, to
the satisfaction of the Commissioner, what is now
asserted here, that these patentees had made no
money from their patent during the fourteen
years of its existence, it would have been the
Commissioner's duty, under the general patent
laws, to have renewed the patent. They have not
done that. The difference between that applica-
tion and the one now, is this. Mark you, Mr.
Chairman, that the patent expired on the 28th of
June, 1850. This is February, 1855. The patent
has been open to farmers, and to the entire public,
from June, 1850, up to the present time: and it is
now proposed, by the bill under consideration—
for the passage of which, it is true, these parties
have been knocking at our door since December,
1849—to divest the public of this right. If we do
divest them, how much injury will result to private
individuals! The patent expired; it was not
renewed; and many persons, knowing these facts,
engaged m the manufacture of these machines.
Arid will you renew this patent for the benefit of
these applicants, at the expense of the entire com-
munity ?
Mr. Chairman, I think that the existing atent
laws give sufficient encouragement to inventors.
Patentees are sufficiently well protected m their
rights. They are allowed the monopoly of their
inventions for fourteen years, and if it has not
been profitable during that period, a renewal for
seven years longer—! doubt whether any patent
ought to be renewed, I have voted on two or
three occasions for renewal of patents. My at-
tention had not been fully turned to the subject.
And 1 now desire to say, in reference to this and
to all other like cases, that they will have to pre-
sent strong, equitable reasons, before 1 shall be
willing to again vote for arty renewal of patent,
after the Commissioner of Patents has investi-
gated the matter and refused a renewal. 1 think
that this bill ought to b.e rejected.
Mr. SAGE. Mr. Cfeairman, I have been de-
tained from my seat up to this time in consequence
of illness. I have prepared an amendment to this
bill, which, having left at my room, 1 have now
sent for. When it is presented and read, I am
sure the committee will acknowledge its justice
and immediately adopt it. It is in substance as
follows: It protects that class of men who, since
the expiration of this patent, have engaged m the
manufacture of these machines. It piotects that
class to which the gentleman from South Carolina
referred.
I confess that 1 am opposed to this, and to all
bills of a like character. This I believe to be one
of the most flagrant attempts for a renewal of
patent that has been presented to the consideration
of this body since I have had the honor to be a
member of it. The proceeding is a most ex-
traordinary one. Five years after the patent has
expired, and when more than a million of dollars
has been invested in the construction of^ these
machines for the benefit of agriculturists in tlie
country, these patentees come here and ask for a
renewal of their patent, without any provision
being made for the protection of the men who
have invested their money in the manufacture of
these machines. It is, indeed, a most extraordi-
nary proceeding; and I hope that this committee
will well consider before they are led to adopt a
principle which strikes at all enterprise in the
country. I do not choose now to consume the time
of the committee in the discussion of the subject;
I will wait until my amendment is under consid-
eration. If the bill be laid aside until my amend-
ment is submitted, I shall be obliged to the com-
mittee. If it be not laid aside, 1 must prepare an
amendment as hastily as possible, carrying out
the object which I have stated. It" it be in order,
I will move the amendment, and prepare it as soon
as I can.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will not con-
sider the amendment offered until it is sent upand
reported from the Clerk's desk.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. Mr. Chairman,
it is not my province, nor my disposition, in reply
to the comments of the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] to enter into a defense of
the report made on this case by the Committee on
Patents. Nevertheless, sir, I must say that I see
more zeal than reason in his argument. To me
there is no well grounded objection to that report.
It seems to roe to be like the reports from any
other committee of the House. It reports favor-
ably on the case, and refers to previous favorable
reports. And let me suggest to the gentleman
from South Carolina, that the reasons which gov-
erned the committee are to be found spread out in
detail in the memorial of Moore & Hascall. It
was, therefore, quite unnecessary, when the me-
morial was appended, for the repoit to set forth
those reasons. There was no necessity for any re-
capitulation of the facts upon which these patentees
asked for a renewal of their patent.
So far from this being the most " atrocious
application" for a renewal of a patent ever present-
ed to the consideration of Congress, I question
whether there has ever before been an application
so meritorious. One of the gentlemen applying
here for the renewal of this patent happens lo be
a citizen of the State which I have the honor, in
part, to represent. With him (Mr. Moore) I am
personally acquainted. Ue was a man of no
mechanical education,and, until this improvement
was conceived i.i his biain, was not aware that
he possessed the slightest mechanical talent, lie
was a man of compn-ativelv small means; pos-
sessed of some glO.OOO or $15,000, a sum by no
means large enough to enable him thoroughly to test
the value e.f his invention. lie had friends, whom
1 also well know, and they assisted him. One of
them, Mr. R'x Robinson, of the State of Michigan,
embarked $20,000 or $25,000 in the enterprise.
Gut these men met wMi great difficulties in their
experiments. The prominentoue has already been
referred to by my learned friend from Vermont,
viz: that the machine could only be tested for two
or three weeks of the harvesting season of each
year. Year after year, while his patent was
running, and up to the very period of its expira-
tion, thry were engaged in improving and perfect-
ing their machine.
Let it not be overlooked, Mr. Chairman, by
those gentlemen in the House who are disposed
to give this subject a candid consideration, that
while this patent extended fourteen years nomi-
nally, in point of fact, and practically, these in-
ventors have had but fourteen months, really, in
which to testthe vahie and practicability of their
machine, and to apply and test the improvements
which their experiments suggested; for it is only
during the harvesting season of each year that
such experiments could be made. In this time
they have made and perfected, at a loss of above
$30,000, but two of their machines, and have
never realized one dollar of profit.
Mr. SMITII, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
from Michigan allow me to ask him a single ques-
tion ?
Mr. STrjART. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH. I am friendly disposed to see
this bill passed. But I wish the gentleman to no-
tice one point which presents the only difficulty I
have in the matter. 1 wish to know why these
patentees did not apply long before the expiration
of their term for a renewal under the existing
patent laws ?
Mr. STUART. I was about to notice this as
another of the objections presented by my learned
friend from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr ] Why,
sir, the reason is most palpable. The original
patent was for fourteen years, and, under the law,
Congress alone had the power of renewal fur four-
teen years, the term applied for. They applied in
time, and before the expiration of their first patent;
and the House of Representatives, by a large
vote, passed the bill to renew their right; but it
was lost in the Senate for want of time to reach it.
This was in 1850; and again, in February, 1852,
the House, by a vote of one hundred and thirty-
seven to thirty-nine, passed the bill, which, for a
like reason, was also lost in the Senate. Besides
this, there were improvements made in the ma-
chine from time to time, which others had availed
themselves of, and introduced into the manufacture
of other and rival machines.
Mr. ORR. If there were improvements
by these men, from time to time, during the four-
teen years which their patent lasted, why did not
they get those improvements patented, as they
were entitled to do, at the Patent Office?
Mr. STUART. I will answer the gentleman
as well as I can, while I confess that I am not
familiar or conversant with all the facts of the case.
Unlike most inventions, every experiment made to
test this one, was of necessity made in the open
field, and became, to a greater or less extent, public.
Every improvement which the experiments sug-
gested, or which was made in the machine from
year to year, became known. Many of them
were appropriated by the inventors of rival ma-
chines, and while the inventors in this case were
patiently perfecting their machine, others, per-
haps, were not only applying, but, for aught I
know, patenting their improvements. Mr. Moore
relied upon the justice of Congress, after he had
expended se> many years of labor, and so much
money, in perfecting so useful an invention, to
renew his patent, with all such improvements as
he could establish before the Commissioner that
he had invented. If others had appropriated the
fruits of his labor and genius, he ought not to be
the sufferer.
Well, sir, these men do not come here supported
by a corps of lobbyers, who are well paid and well
fed, as the saying goes, for advancing their interest
with members of Congress, taking them by the
button-hole, and seducing them from their reason
and propriety, and inducing them, by outside in-
fluences, to support, as an act of grace, these appli-
cations. These men have given to the world the
results of their genius, and they have given to the
improvement of their machine their entire fortune,
until they have scarcely enough left to bring them
to Washington and take them back again. And
they have not real zed one farthing from it, while
other men, the learned gentleman from New York
[Mr. Sage] says, have invested their millions in
the manufacture of the same machine. I doubt
whether any such sums of money have been ex-
pended; but if they have, I suppose they have
made them from the machines invented by these
men—they have made their money from the fruits
of the ingenuity and inventive genius of the men
who have spent thetr fortunes, and now come
before Congress with a claim for their relief, which
the gentleman from South Carolina characterizes
as an outrage.
But, sir, this is aside, I conceive and admit, from
the real merits of the proposition which lies upon
your table. This application has been pending
before this House, session after session, until the
applicant, from hope deferred, has become heart-
sick; he has now but little belief or hope thatit will
be granted. But, sir, the substitute which has been
offered by the gentleman from Vermont, provides
for the protection of these millionaires, who have
invested their capital in the manufacture of these
machines, and protects them abundantly.
Mr. ORR. For how long?
Mr. STUART. Forever. The proposition is
simply to allow the Commissioner of Patents to
examine the grounds upon which this petitioner
rests his claims, reserving the rights of those per-
sons who have heretofore invested capital in the
manufacture of these machines, to sell them with-
out it being regarded as an infringement of this
patent.
Mr.ORR. Ihad the impression, from the read-
ing of the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Vermont, that other persons had invested
