1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
675
be controverted; and it has not been controverted.
I also took into consideration the fact that this
patent expired in 1850, and that the patentees, the
very first session of Congress afterwards, to wit:
during the Thirty-First Congress, made applica-
tion for its renewal. Favorable report and action
was had here, but the Senate failed to act on the
subject. Again application was made, which was
favorably acted on here, and again failed to be
acted on in the Senate. 1 see, therefore, industry
on the part of the patentees. I see that they have
neglected no duty, unless it was in not making
application to the Commissioner of Patents. Why
that was not done does not appear. Suffice it to
say that, at the earliest opportunity, after the ex-
piration of the patent, these parties made applica-
tion for its extension to this House, as well as to
the Senate. These patentees, then, having been
industrious, having done their duty, are entitled
to relief. I say that they have answered the
requisitions of the law, and the language of the
law applying to their case, and therefore merited
my consideration. I was induced to consider the
question,whether they had, or r.ot, received money
enough to remunerate them for their time, in-
genuity, and expense, in perfecting the invention.
Then, sir, as the Commissioner of Patents could
not act under the law of 183G, it was proper, as
every man in this country enjoys the right of peti-
tion, that these parties should present their petition
to Congress for the purpose of obtaining an exten-
sion of their patent. It was my duty to inquire
whether they had been paid for their time, inge-
nuity, and expense. I did so inquire, and found
that they had not. Acting under the law of 183(5,
and finding that they had not been thus paid,
could I, as an honorable man, refuse to grant
them the extension of iheir patent, which the Com-
missioner of Patents himself would have granted?
1 ask members of this committee, as honorable
men, who are willing to be governed by the merits
of the case submitted to their consideration, how
they can resist an extension of the patent, if they
are satisfied of the fact that the parties have not
been paid for their time, ingenuity, and expense?
That is the question which we are now to con-
sider.
1 would have been in favor of the first bill which
was reported by the gentleman from Vermont. I
take it that I am acting here as a Commissioner
of Patents would act, and upon precisely the same
principles; and I urge upon this committee to join
with me in acting as the Commissioner would
have acted in the case. The bill now proposes
that the Commissioner of Patents shall be invested
with the power which was taken from him under
the act of 1836. f fully indorse that bill. I shall
support it, and I do not believe that any gentle-
man upon this floor can hesitate to support it. Let
it be referred to the Commissioner of Patents, in
whose decision every member of this committee
and every man in the country must have the most
implicit confidence. Let him examine the ques-
tion. If it possesses merits, he will grant an
extension; if not, he will refuse it.
As to the vested right in the community, I say
that it has not occurred. It does not take place,
unless by implication, inasmuch as the act of
1839 has been repealed. At any rate,if the right
has vested, Congress has the right to withdraw it.
I am for rewarding the mechanic and the man
who possesses genius. The product of his in-
ventive powers has conduced to the benefit of the
country, and he has a right to be benefited him-
self by the fruits of his inventive genius. It is
said that this is going to operate hard on the com-
munity. I say that it is a benefit to the commu-
nity, inasmuch as this is a labor-saving machine.
I say that the argument ought not to be made
here, that it would be an injury to the commu-
nity, inasmuch as it is, on the contrary, a benefit
to the community, as I have before said. If it be
a benefit to the community, then the inventor
ought equally to share that benefit. He has not
received his share. I am satisfied that if the hon-
orablegentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,]
who opposed this bill with so much zeal, had con-
sidered himself as sitting in the place of the Com-
missioner of Patents, acting under oath upon the
merits of the case, he would never have lifted his (
voice against it. And there is the point to which i
I wish to bring every member of this committee.
If they will do so, it appears to me that they must
be convinced of the justice of the application in
this case, and certainly of the justice of granting
the Commissioner of Patents the rightto consider
and actonit. That is what the bill asks. Letitgo
to the Commissioner of Patents; let him consider
the question. If he sees merit in it, he will grant
the extension; if not, he will refuse it.
Mr. SAGE obtained the floor, and yielded to
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Chairman, there has been
so much legislation by provisos, that it is hardly
to be expected that any gentleman reading acts
will see everything, especially when there happens
to be a proviso at ihe end of a long section, in a
long act, which is vital to the case. This act of
183G has a proviso, acknowledging the principle
which the act of 1833 acknowledged, that on the
expiration of a patent the right of the community
vests, and after that there is to be no extension by
anybody. This is the clause:
" Piovidcd, No extension of a patent shall be granted after
the expiration of the term for winch it was onginaliy is-
sued."
So that the application must not only be made
before the patent has expired, but it muct be
granted before the expiration. And all that upon
a principle which Congress cannot affect.
Now we come to thai part from winch the gen-
tleman read: "That all acts and parts of acts
heretofore passed on this subject be, and the same
are, hereby repealed." After which comes two
provisos. This first inquiry is: what is this sub-
jectp It is the subject of this act, which is an
act of twenty-one sections—a very long act.
It is a codification of the whole Patent Office
law—the whole method of obtaining patents out
of the Patent Office. It applies to the office and
the Commissioner, and not to Congress. The
entire act is confined to the proceedings in the
oflice of the Commissioner of Patents, and those
resulting from his proceedings. That is the act,
and all of the act. It is for obtaining patents in the
Patent Office, and, in my opinion, does not apply
at all to procuring them from Congress. One of
the objects of the act, in my opinion, was to pre-
vent applications for patents trom coming before
Congress. It is very ciear that such was the in-
tention m framing the act, from the fact that it
provides for the ozgamzation of a board to decide
such claims for patents as are not decided by the
Commissioner of Patents.
The act provides that under certain circum-
stances, theiein mentioned, the Secretary of State,
the Commissioner of Patents, and the Solicitor of
the Treasury, shall constitute a board to decide
upon the evidence produced lor and against the
claim. And, sir, that the act of 1832,from which
I read when 1 was before up, is in no way invalid-
ated by this act. The great principle of a judicial
tubunal, for the determination of these cases, is
recognized m the constitution of tins board. They
are not only empowered to decide upon the evi-
dence produced but to take testimony.
Now, sir, 1 hold that if the Congress of the
United States is to undertake to consider all the
applications for renewal of patents that may be
brought before them, they will have to adopt
one ot two courses. They will have to giant
every application made, or they must undertake
the separate trial of eveiy application; and if you
go into that you might as well give up m the first
place, for if your whole time were devoted to it
you could not decide upon ail the applications that
would be brought.
I say, sir, that the act of 1836 was intended to
exclude applications for the renewal of patents
from coming before Congress, and certainly to
exclude them after the expiration of the term of
the patent.
Mr. SAGE. I do not propose to consume the
time of the committee but for a few minutes, in
what I have to say in relation to this application.
My honorable friend from Michigan, [Mr. Stu-
art,] in answer to what I said as to the amount
invested by hurnbie mechanics in the manufacture
of these machines, speaks of them as a class of
millionaires. Why, sir, the whole argument
brought by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Bridges] was m support of these very humble
mechanics, which this bill seeks to proscribe. Sir,
the men who have invested their capital m the
manufacture of these machines since the expira-
tion of the patent in 1850, are humble mechanics.
They have invested their ail in the business, and
have invested it in accordance with the laws of the
country.
Sir, the gentleman from .Pennsylvania made a
most fatal admission for this application, when be
said he did not know why the applicant did not
come before the Commissioner of Patents for a
renewal before the expiration of his former-patent.
It will be well for this committee to inquire how
many patents for improvements in reaping ma-
chines have been issued since the expiration of this
patent in 1850. There cannot be less than one
hundred, and my impression is, that there are one
hundred and fifty.
And, sir, my statement as to the amount of
capital invested in the manufacture of the ma-
chines was not exaggerated. There is $1,000,000
invested in my own State for the manufacture of
these reaping machines. The General Assejnbly
of the State of New York has instructed the Sen-
ators and Representatives in Congress from that
State, by an almost unanimous vote—Only two
members voting in the negative—to vote against
the extension of this patent. I hold in my hand
the instructions. This is a matter in which the
whole agricultural community is deeply interested,
and which this House should well consider before
they perpetrate so gross an act of injustioe upon
that community as the passage of this bill.
Again, sir, the gentleman from Pennsylvania
argued here as if this were merely to allow the
Commissioner of Patents to act the same as he
would if it were an application for the renewal of
a patent when the original term had not expired.
Let us see what is the language of the substitute
which is now proposed to be adopted:
That the Commissioner of Patents be, and he is hereby,
authorized and inquired to hear and consider the applica-
tion of Iliram Moore for the renewal and extension of
inters patent granted to the said Hiram Moore and John
Hascall tor improvement In harvesting grain, dated June
28,1P36, in the same manner, and upon the same principles,
as if he was applying under existing laws for the extension
of an unexpired patent; and to refuse a renewal of said
patent, or to revive and extend the same for the term of
seven jeans from and after the passage of this bill, or to the
28th day of Juue, 1864, or in the respect he may think just
and proper.
Striking out the privilege of manufacturing these
machines to the men who have embarked in the
business within the last five years. Is this meting
out the justice to the humble mechanic which the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. McMullin] so
eloquently alluded to? 1 think not. I think it
would be an act of the grossest injustice for this
House to strike down these worthy men who, in
accordance with your laws, have, within the last
five years, invested their means in the manufacture
of these machines.
This applicant has enjoyed the monopoly of
his invention for years, and if he has not made
money out of it he has certainly no claim to come
before us, and ask that other mechanics shall be
ruined to give him a further monopoly, espe-
cially when we have the evidence of the Commis-
sioner of Patents that his application ought not
to be granted. Sir, let us rely upon the fact before
us, and we shall act more understanding^.
Before proceeding further, I will send up to the
Clerk's desk#the amendment which I propose to
offer to the substitute:
Provided, That all persons who have heretofore been or
are now engaged in the manufacture of any mat bine em*
bracing any of the principle#? contained and patented m the
patent herein mentioned, and every purchaser of any such
machine from any such manufacturer, and any person
owning any such machine, shall be exempt from the effect
of the renewal or extension of said patent.
,Mr. STUART, of Michigan. I desire to ltnow
of the gentleman from New York if he means to
state, and means the House to understand him as
stating, that Mr. Hasc&ll made money out of his
machine before the expiration of his patent?
Mr. SAGE. No, sir. I do not know any-
thing about that fact.
Mr. STUART. I repeat to the committee what
I have already stated, that Mr. Hascall made not
one farthing out of his machine. And, sir, I desire
to call the attention of the gentleman to the report
of the Commissioner of Patents, where he ex-
presses rejiret that he is unable to grant a renewal
of the patent.
Mr. SAGE. He expresses his regret at the
misfortune of Mr. Hascall in not applying for his
renewal in time. But certainly,that expression
of regret should not be used against those men
who, from the fact that his patentwas not renewed,
have engaged in the manufacture of these machines
since 1850-
Mr. GOODE. Mr. Chairman, I had hoped that
