676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
the member from Missouri, or some one of the
gentlemen who have spoken in opposition to this
measure, would have submitted some motion to
test the sense of the committee in respect to the
propriety of passing the bill at all. It appears to
me to be obviously proper that the sense of the
House upon that point should be ascertained at
once. Sir, if this House is to entertain the various
proposijionsof this character which will be brought
up here, we might remain in session forever trying
patent cases. It is obvious, from the natureof the
institution, from the number of patents that is
issued, and from the great interests involved, that
every man who has invented a useful machine will
seek a renewal of his patent when his term ex-
pires, and Congress will be resolved into a com-
mission to determine upon the propriety of extend-
ing patents.
That is the objection suggested by the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Bridges.} He says that members of Congress
are to sit here in place of the Commissioner of
Patents, that each member of Congress is to have
his time occupied day after day, and week after
week, in substituting himself for the Commis-
sioner of Patents to determine on the propriety of
extending patents. If we undertake tins duty,
we shall have time for nothing else. If the patent
laws are not sufficiently liberal for patentees, alter
them. If they do not secure sufficient advantages
to inventors, amend them so as to afford greater
advantages, ft is the business of Congress to
pass general laws to operate equally advanta-
geously to all the citizens of this Confederacy. It
is notour business to sit here as a special com-
mission to determine upon the advantages arising
to each particular individual. Change your laws
if they be not sufficiently advantageous, but do
not detain us here to pass upon these particular
cases. We have not time to do it, and we are not
competent to do it.
Again, sir, it is impossible for us, in my opin-
ion, to pass this bill to extend and secure advan-
tages to these petitioners without trenching upon
rights which have attached to other citizens of this
Confederacy. We may speak as we please of
those who are denounced as millionaires, and of
whom I know but few in the world, but every
man in society has a right to employ his own
capita!, and his own labor, and his own skill, to
advance himself in life, and he has aright to take
advantage of all the skill and science known to the
world at the time. It is true that the Constitution
of the United States has given to Congress the
power to place a limitation upon this right, by
securing to inventors the benefits of their dis-
coveries, but it is for a limited term, and not
longer.
Now, sir, we had passed a general law, and
these petitioners had secured and derived the ad-
vantages of thatgeneral law. They suffered their
patent to expire, they say, in 1850. Then, sir,
rights attached to other individuals in society to
employ the invention which they had given to the
community, and to invest their capital in manu-
facturing it, and it is said that very large amounts
have been so*invested. The moment their patent
expired, every individual in this Confederacy had
a right to use their invention. Exercising that
right, some parties have made large investments.
Well, sir, the investment was just as much theirs,
and the right to use the invention was just as much
theirs, one day after the patent expired, as it had
been the right of the original inventors before.
Now, can we, by subsequent legislation, divest
them of the right which had thus attached ? Their
right was as perfect as the right of the patentee, j
He had forfeited his right; he had suffered it to !
lapse. It had attached to others, who had entered |
into the exercise of the right, and cannot be di- j
vested of it by subsequent legislation. That is j
my view of the subject; and believing that the j
sense of the House will sustain a motion to strike j
out the enacting clause of the bill, I submit that [
motion. j
Mr. LYON obtained the floor. j
Mr. GOODE. I will withdraw my motion, if I
the gentleman will renew it. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is not necessary j
to withdraw it. It is a debatable motion when j
debate has not been closed by order of the House, j
Mr. LYON. Mr. Chairman, I hold in my hand j
concurrent resolutions in relation to the extension [
of patents-, passed by th® Senate and Assembly of1
the State of New York, and approved by the Gov-
ernor, in the following words;
Resolved, (if the Assembly concur,) That, in the judg-
ment of the Legislature, the sentiment of [he people of thTs
State is opposed to the passage of any law by Congress ex-
tending the time of any patent or patents heretofore grunted
to Cyrus H. MeCornuck, Obcd Hussey, or Moore & Has-
call, or to either or any of thein, for mowing or leaping
machines, or to his or their representatives or assigns, or
any law sanctioning or giving validity to the reissue of any
such patent or patents.
Resolved, (if the Assembly concur,) That the Governor
be requested to transmit a copy of the foregoing resolution
to each of the Senators and Representatives m Congress
from this State.
Resolved, That the Assembly do concur in the passage of
tile foregoing resolutions.
Mr. LYON addressed the committee in opposi-
tion to the bill. His remarks, withheld for revision,
will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. GOODE. I now renew my motion to strike
out the enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. HUGHES. I have probably received the
same set of resolutions that have been referred to
by my honorable colleague. Not having been a
member of the Legislature of the State of New
York, as my collengue has formerly been, I cannot
refer particularly to the way in which measures are
passed by that Legislature. But, judging from
my visits to the capital of New York, I have no
doubt that this resolution has passed as others do;
and, as far as I am concerned, this resolution of
the Legislature of the State of New York on this
subject would have no other consideration at my
hands than the opinion of any gentleman who
should call upon me, and consult me, or advise in
relation to it. I am too well aware of the way in
which these resolutions are passed, and do not
doubt that they emanated from parties interested
in other reapers.
But I have the honor to represent an inland
rural district of the StateofNew York—a farming,
agricultural people, without guile, and who, I am
happy to say, as a friend behind me suggests,
" enjoy the stated preaching of the Gospel, [laugh-
ter,] and who have not advised me at all of their
wishes in this regard. While I shall not essay to
discuss the merits of this bill with the gentleman
who has himself introduced wheat fordistribution
into the Patent Office from thefarm of Abraham, at
the foot of Mount Carmel; while I shall not essay to
enter upon a discussion of this measure with a gen-
tleman who has traveled in Europe among the agri-
cultural schools that time has set its signet upon,
and learned wisdom and gained experience there,
I shall differ with him as regards the instructions
which are sent from the State of New York to its
Representatives upon this floor. But while I am
not convinced, with the gentleman, and do not
feel it to be my bounden duty to act according to
the instructions sent from that Legislature, still
my judgment is open to conviction, and the elo-
quence and earnestness of the gentleman represent-
ing a district agricultural like my own, has done
more to convince me than the resolutions them-
selves. I see no propriety in the broad statement
which the gentleman has advanced, that Repre-
sentatives from our State ought to obey these
instructions or resign. I cannot subscribe to it.
If the conviction comes to my mind, upon an exam-
ination of this bill, that it is right, I shall act con-
trary to the request contained in those resolu-
tions; and I only rise in my place now to say that
I shall not follow in the path pointed out by the
honorable gentleman for me to pursue—to obey
those resolutions or resign. I shall follow in the
wake of the distinguished gentleman [Mr. Cass]
in the other wing of this Capitol, not in the posi-
tion which was assumed by him some years ago,
but that recently put forth to the world; and I
shall act according to the dictates of my own
good judgment in this matter. If I find that this
is one of those cases which commends itself to my
judgment, I shall shape my course accordingly,
acting as an independent Representative of an
independent constituency.
But the gentleman tells us that the wishes of the
people engaged in agriculture throughout the land
will appear to us in some form or other; whether in
the modern way of " spirit-rappings," or in some
other v/ay that the inventive genius of the gentle-
man may predict, I know not. But if they should
come here like Banquo's ghost, to " push us from
our stools," still 1 shall act according to the prompt-
ings of my own judgment, free and untrammeled,
although I have the great interests of the agricul-
turists of the country as much at heart, I believe,
as has my honorable colleague. My own private
opinion of the matter is, so far as Moore &
Hascall are concerned, that they are entitled to the
fair and impartial consideration of this Congress,
and that the raaper is a most valuable one. I do
not believe that every man who comes here as an
inventor is to be treated in any other way than as
a gentleman. I do not believe that every man who
comes here with a claim' before Congress is a ras-
cal, and comes with malice in his heart and deceit
upon his tongue. Neither do I believe, as I un-
derstood the gentleman to state, that the commit-
tee, of which the honorable gentleman fromVirginia
[Mr. Letcher,] is chairman, has in the least im-
pungned the character, standing, and integrity of
members of this House. The report of thatcom-
mittee leads us to an entirely different conclusion
as regards the Colt case. I was very glad that the
committee was appointed, and I was very glad
that the indefatigable gentleman from Virginia—
a gentleman of known perseverance and ability—
was placed at the head of that committee. I was
very glad when that committee, after it had been
in session for a year, put its seal upon these lying
rumors which float about our heads, and that the
most scrutinizing investigations of that committee
have not been able to place a stain upon the es-
cutcheon of any gentleman in this House. I am
very glad that the House raised a committee, and
placed upon it gentlemen of so much zeal, to in-
vestigate charges which have become as common
as they are false, and which have grown out of
our neglect to notice them, and that we have passed
througn this crucible thrice purified. Why, I be-
lieve every member upon this floor has passed
through that investigation without even the "smell
of fire " upon his garments.
I did not rise to make a speech upon this sub-
ject, but merely to repel the idea that there is any
winding force in these resolves. I have thepleasure
of knowing the gentleman who asks for the ex-
tension of this patent at the hands of Congress.
I believe him to be a gentleman and an honorable
citizen of this Republic, entitled to fair consider-
ation at our hands, and I trust that every gentle-
man here will weigh this matter according to the
dictates of his own conscience. I shall act in that
way, regardless of the resolves of my State Legis-
lature, and regardless of the importunities of those
who may be sent here either to favor the passage
or rejection of the extension of the patent in this
case. _ I believe I have better facilities of forming
an opinion as to what the rights of the petitioner
are than those who passed these resolutions, and
from a correspondence which I will send up to
the desk, it will appear they passed under misap-
prehension of the purport of this bill, which simply
authorizes the Commissioner of Patents to act on
this case, instead of being an absolute extension
of the patent for seven years, as suggested in the
concurrent resolutions of my State Legislature.
Mr. CLARK. I rise simply for the purpose of
attempting to answer some few of the objections
which have been urged against the extension of
this patent. One gentleman—from the State of
New York—I believe from the St. Lawrence dis-
trict [Mr. Perkins]—objects to the renewal of
the patent in this case upon theground that it will
interfere with llussey's and McCormick's patents.
1 do not understand that the extension asked for
in this case will interfere with the patents of either
of those gentlemen. What has been the policy
of our Government in reference to renewals of
patents? By that policy, up to this period an
inventor of a useful machine has the right, if he
has not been sufficiently remunerated,"and can
satisfy the Commissioner of Patents of that fact,
to have a renewal of his patent for seven years.
It has also been the policy of Congress, if there
was any instance where the individual had not
obtained the benefits of the law in that respect, if
good reasons could be shown, to extend to him
those privileges which he could otherwise have1
obtained by application to the Commissioner of
.Patents. I will endeavor to show very briefly
why Moore & Hascall did not apply to the Com-
missioner of Patents for the seven years' renewal.
It has been stated, and stated truly, to my own
knowledge, that, up to the period when this pat-
ent expired, these gentlemen had been spending
their whole time upon the improvement; m other,
words, that the machine had not been perfected
until after the expiration of the patent. It was'
