680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
110 time, and which is a very important one. I
refer to the bill reported by the Senator from Mary-
land, [Mr. Pearce,] from the Committee on Fi-
nance, " to remit or refund duties upon goods,
wares, and merchandise, destroyed by fire." It
is important to the general policy of the country,
and is intended to apply particularly to certain
fires which occurred in the city of New York a
long time ago, and more recently in the city of
San Francisco.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It provides that in all cases in which any im-
porter or purchaser shall show probable cause to
the Secretary of the Treasury to believe that he
has paid or is bound to pay duties upon goods,
wares, and merchandise destroyed by fire, in un-
broken and original packages as imported, between
the 7th of July, 1838, and the 28th of March 1854,
it shall be the duty of the Secretary to appoint a
commission composed of the collector and naval
officer of the district within which the fire may
have occurred, and when there shall not be a naval
officer in the collection district within which the
goods have been so destroyed by lire, the district
attorney, surveyor, or such other officer as the
Secretary of the Treasury shall designate. The
commission is to ascertain the amount of duties
paid or to be paid on the articles destroyed, the
names and places of residence of the several per-
sons entitled to have the duties refunded or remit-
ted, and the kind and quantity of goods, wares,
and merchandise destroyed, together with such
other facts and particulars as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall direct. No duties are to be remit-
ted or refunded unless it shall satisfactorily appear
that the destruction took place within the space of
five years from the date of the importation of the
goods, if imported prior to the passage of the act
of 3d of March, 1849, entitled " an act requiring
all moneys received from customs, and from all
other sources to be paid immediately into the
Treasury without abatement or reduction, and for
other purposes;" but if imported subsequently to
the passage of that act, then the destruction of the
goods is to be proved to have taken place within
the space of two years frqm the date of importa-
tion.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, announced that they
had disagreed to the amendment of the Senate to
the bill of the House for the relief of purchasers
and locators of swamp and overflowed lands;
That they had pa'ssed, with an amendment,
Senate bill for the relief of Zachariah Lawrence, of
Ohio;
That they had passed, without amendment,
Senate joint resolution authorizing the President
of the United States to confer the title of lieutenant
general by brevet, for eminent services;
Also, that they bad passed a bill to establish an
additional land district in Wisconsin.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. DAWSON. I rise to make a request on
behalf of the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia, for, by the death of the chairman of that
committee, the late Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Norris,] 1 have been made its chairman pro
tempore. Some very important measures l'or
Washington and Georgetown have been reported
upon by the committee; and, although I do not
desire to embarrass any gentleman in the advance-
ment of the business of which he may have charge,
1 ask the Senate to give us an opportunity to have
them passed. Some of those bills are necessary
to the prosperity of the District, and I have been
called upon by several of its inhabitants to urge
them upon the attention of the Senate. I there-
fore ask the Senate to make the business relating
to the District of Columbia the special order for
Wednesday next. One hour 1 think would be
sufficient. , .
The motion was agreed to, and the bills relating
to the District of Columbia were made the special
order for Wednesday next, at one o'clock.
BRIG GENERAL ARMSTRONG.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the motion whieh
1 submitted on Friday last, to reconsider the vote
by which the bill for the relief of the claimants of
the private arrped brig General Armstrong was
ordered to lie upon the table.
Mr. HUNTER. That must go over until pri-
vate bill day.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. It will not take five
minutes to dispose of it. There is an agreement, I
believe, between the friends and the opponents of
the bill, that a substitute shall be offered which
will do away with all objection. The Senator
from Delaware has a proposition to make which,
I believe, will be acceded to.
The PRESIDENT. It belongs to business set
apart for private bill day.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I ask the unanimous
consent that it may be considered during the
morning hour. ["No." "No."]
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent to entertain the motion.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 cannot agree to it.
CALIFORNIA CIRCUIT COURT.
Mr. TOUCEY. I move that the Senate resume
the consideration of the bill to establish a circuit
court in and for the State of California.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the Senator from Con-
necticut whether, if we give him half an hour, and
the bill is not disposed of in that time, he will
consent to postpone it? I want to take up the
Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. TOUCEY. I will consent, so far as I am
concerned.
The motion was ngreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the bill. The pending question was on
the amendment submitted by Mr. Benjamin to
strike out of the first section the word " circuit,"
and insert " district," as the designation of the
court.
Mr. TOUCEY. I hope the question will be
taken, and that the amendment will not be agreed
to.
The question was taken by yeas and nays,
with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Benjamin, Brainerd, Brown,
Evans, L^tzpatnck, Hamlin, Jones of Tennessee, Pearce,
Slidell, Sluarl, and Wade—12.
NAYS— xVIessrs. Badger, liayard, Bell, Chase, Clay,
Clayton, Dodge of Wisconsin, Fr.sspnden. Fool, (rillcttc,
Gwm, IJmmon, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Mason,
Morton, I'etut, ilusk, SebaMiun, Hcward, tflueids, ftumtipr,
Thompson of Kentucky, Toucey, VVeller, and Wilson—
27.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended
on a former day, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
The PRESIDENT. Shall the bill be engrossed
and read a third time?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Before that question is
taken, I desire to submit a motion. 'I he Senate
having decided, by a vote just taken, that a cir-
cuit court shall be established for California, and
being desirous myself that the judiciary system of
the United States shall not be changed piecemeal,
1 move that the bill be referred back to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, with instructions to re-
port such a provision for a circuit court for Cali-
fornia as will be in accordance with the judicial
system established in other States of the (Jnion.
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senator commit
his instructions to writing?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will have them prepared
in a moment.
Mr. WELLER. That question has already
been before the Committee on the Judiciary. The
representation from California preferred that this
court should be established by adding another
judge to the Supreme bench. The committee have
decided against it. The only form, then,inwhich
we could obtains circuit court upon that coast was
in the form presented in the bill; and, therefore, it
seems to me, it would be a work of supereroga-
tion to send the question back to the committee,
when they have already passed upon it, I hope
those who are willing to give us a circuit court in
California will vote against the motion made by
the Senator from Louisiana; for if it prevails, it
will operate to defeat the bill.
Mr. TOUCEY. I wish to say thatthis bill has
been acted upon deliberately by the Committee
on the Judiciary of the Senate, and one precisely
like it has been passed upon unanimously by the
Committee 011 the Judiciary of the other House,
but they have not been able to ly>ve.it $eted upofl.
If this bill be now passed, there is a hope that it
may be acted upon in the House, and I appeal to
the Senator from Louisiana not to embarrass it.
I, for one, deem it indispensable that we should
extend to the Pacific coast the benefits of our
judicial system. The supreme court of that Stat?
"has decided that the California mines belong to
the State of California, though the title to the land
belongs to the United States. They have also
decided that no appeal can be taken from a State
court to a court of the United States. Now, sir,
it is a matter of the utmost importance that wf
should extend the judicial powers of this Govern-
ment to the Pacific coast. There is no question
before Congress at this time of more importance.
We ought not to permit the State of California to
have any just ground of complaint against us. It
is entirely vain to hope that a Judge of the Su-
preme Court, discharging his duties here, can dis-
charge the duties of a circuit court judge in Cali-
fornia. It is worse than useless to multiply the
district courts there with circuit court powers,
because the decisions of those district courts come
up immediately into this court. There is only
one measure of redress that is practicable. You
cannot increase the number of the Judges of the
Supreme Court at this time, according to any view
that may be taken of the opinions of this or of the
other House. This measure can be adopted; and
1 beg leave to say that I know of no higher duty
at this time incumbent upon the legislative branch
of the Government than to bind tne Pacific coast
to the Atlantic coast by extending to it the full
benefits of this Government.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 send the instructions to
the Chair, and shall, after they have been read,
make but a very few remarks in answer to the
appeal made to me by the Senator from Connec-
ticut.
The instructions were ns follows:
That the bill be recommitted to the Committee on the
Judiciary, with instructions to amend it in Pitch a manner
as to provide for a circuit court lor the State ot Calilornm,
organized in conformity with the judicial system now pre-
vailing 111 the other States of the Union.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Con-
necticut appeals to me to withdraw any opposi-
tion to the passage of the bill, in order that the
State of California may have the fuli advantage
of the judicial system of the United States. To .
that 1 answer, as 1 did the other day, that I have
not the slightest objection to giving my vote for
any bill which shall provide for the judicial sys-
tem on the coast of the Pacific, to the same extent,
and in the same manner, as that system exists in
the other States of the Union; but 1 cannot con-
sent tacitly to acquiesce in any encroachment upon
the judicial system of the United States, or in any
innovation by which the Pacific coast shall be
organized, as regards the Judiciary, upon a dif-
ferent footing from the other States of the Union.
1 did intend, before the vote was taken on the
proposition which 1 made to strike out " circuit,"
and insert "district," to make some answer to
the arguments offered by the friends of this bill
the other day, in which it was attempted to be
shown that the organization of another district
court with circuit court powers would not answer
the exigencies of the community on the Pacific
coast. In my judgment, there was no weight
whatever in the arguments. 1 speak upon thia
subject from long personal experience. 1 speak
upon it because we have had the same experience
in relation to the judicial system in Louisiana that
California is now undergoing. 1 know, sir, that
for a long series of years, we had no circuit court
in Louisiana, and how was that deficiency sup-
plied ? By investing our district courts, for the
time being, with circuit court powers; and I never
heard in Louisiana of the slightest difficulty 111
conducting the judicial business upon that sys-
tem ,
I f the Senate will refer to an act pa,ssed only tw,o
or three years ago, for the western district of
Arkansas, it will be seen that, for a vast extent
of country, covering a population and interests
equally important as those of California, there is
but a district judge with circuit court powers.
Now, the proposition in the bill before the Sen-
ate is to establish a special circuit court for Cali-
fornia, different from any circuit court, ever estab-
lished in the United States, different from the
circuit courts which exist in all the sister States
of Cplifijrni^ and- the urgent appeal" is ui*t|« t?
