1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
us to do this on the ground that business is ac-
cumulating in California. The accumulation of
the business in California, Mr, President, has
nothing to do with the question of the character
of the court that is to be created. If we give
them a court there competent to do the business,
•whether that court is organized upon the system
now prevalent through all the States, or whether
it be organized upon this favorite principle of the
Committee on the Judiciary, the wants of the
people of California will be fully met. I do not
know of any objection whatever to requiring a
circuit court to be held in California by one of the
Judges of the Supreme Court of United States.
The Senator from Connecticut tells us that it
would be idle to attempt to organize such a circuit
court, because no Judge of the Supreme Court
would be willing to go there. I think that I am
authorized to state that the reverse is the fact. I
think I am authorized to say that there are Judges
on the Supreme bench now, willing to go to Cali-
fornia, and there hold a circuit court.
Upon what ground, then, is this State to be
organized,as regards its judicial system,onafoot-
ing different from that of every other State of the
Union ? If you grant this special circuit court to
California now, how are you to resist an appeal
from Arkansas to-morrow, from Texas the next
day, and from Iowa the day after? Is it the in-
tention of the Senate to establish a precedent for a
system by which half a dozen new judges are to
be created, and that, too, without any urgent or
pressing necessity? The necessities, I have just
•stated, can be met by organizing a circuit court in
California, on the same footing as they are organ-
ized in all the other circuits. The proposition has
just been voted down to give a new district court
with circuit court powers. I cannot conceive
why that would not answer the exigencies of Cal-
ifornia just as well as the new system which it is
proposed to try by piecemeal.
I think that all this exceptional legislation is
wrong—wrong in the extreme. I think it is not
calculated to produce the effect contemplated by the
Senator from Connecticut, but exactly the opposite
effect. The Senator appeals to us to strengthen
the ties which bind the Pacific and Atlantic coasts
together. I am willing to do that; but that is to
be done, not by legislating for California upon all
occasions as an exceptional case; not by consid-
ering it as a State distinct in its features, in its
character, and in its requirements, from all the
other States of the Union, but by putting it on the
some footing as the older States, by extending the
judicial system to it, upon the same principles as
that system is now operating upon in the older
States. By so doing we shall create a homo-
geneous system of judicial proceedings; we shall
bring California really into the Union as a sister
State. This exceptional legislation for the Pacific
coast is objectionable to my mind, objectionable
upon the ground that it is creating a distinct set
of States on the opposite coast. I think those
States ought to be put upon the same footing as the
old States, and I trust that the Senate will consent
in giving this circuit court to California, to order
that it be so organized as to make it conform to
the system which prevails in the other States of
the Confederacy.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall have to move to post-
pone the further consideration of the bill, unless
we can take a vote.
Mr. WELLER. Let us have a vote upon it.
I prefer that to having it postponed.
Mr. HUNTER. Very well.
Mr. Benjamin's motion was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
SALARIES OF DISTRICT JUDGES.
Mr. PETT1T. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the House bill to regulate
the salaries of the district judges of the United
States. I believe that all objection to its passage
is withdrawn.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senate is ready to vote,
I will give way again.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
bill by inserting $2,500 instead of $2,000, as the
salary of the judge of the district of Maine. I
simply wish to do my duty in regatd to this mat-
ter. This is a bill in which different Staits are
classed together in a very unequal manner. For
instance, Maine, New Hampshire, and Vermont
are all, as regards the salary of these judges,
placed on the same footing. In the State of Ver-
mont, and in the State of New Hampshire, there
is hardly enough business to occupy the judge
more than one week during the whole year, while
the judge in the State of Maine is occupied the
largest portion of the time. There is no propriety
in placing them on the same footing. I am tola
that also to the judge of the western district of
Virginia, $2,500 is allowed. Comparatively no
business is done in that court. There certainly
can be very little, in the nature of things, to oc-
cupy the court in the western district of Virginia.
I make the motion, because I think the bill, as it
now stands, is entirely improper; hut if the Sen-
ate have made up their minds to pass the bill as
it is, of course 1 cannot prevent it.
Mr. PET 1'IT. I sincerely hope that no amend-
ment will be made to the bill. It has been a com-
promise bill in the House. It may be possible,
as 1 said on Saturday, that injustice is done in
some instances; but I am sure there is a positive
necessity for the passage of the bill, and if it is
now amended, we all know that there is no pos-
sibility of taking it up in the House. I appeal
to the friends of the bill to sustain it as it is.
Mr. TOUCEY. The bill is not satisfactory to
me m the compensation assigned to the judge of
the State I represent; but I am satisfied that no
other bill than tins can pass. I shall, therefore, in
the hope of making corrections hereafter, if any
be needed, acquiesce in the bill, and vote for it &b
it is.
Mr. MALLORY. The bill makes nn unjust
discrimination between the two district judges of
my State. Had the judges of the State, or the
members of the bar, or the delegation from the
State, been consulted, that discrimination would
not have been made, for it would have appeared
evident to the committee that no such discrimina-
tion ought to exist. I should feel it my duty,
therefore, to make an effort to equalize the salaries
of the two judges; but I am satisfied, as the Sen-
ator from Connecticut is, that any attempt at
amendment will certainly defeat this measure of
justice at present. I shall, therefore, rest content
with the hope of getting the salary of the northern
district judge increased hereafter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I do not
precisely understand what is meant by saying
that this bill is a compromise bill from the House.
I know very well that the Representatives from
my State were no parties to any such compro-
mise. It is a bill that has been carried in the
House by an arrangement made there between a
sufficient number to make a majority. In thai
sense it is a compromise, and in that sense every
bill which is passed is a compromise; but if the
Senate will look at it for one moment, I ask what
is the propriety of giving to judges who certainly
do not require it for the purpose of paying their
expenses, who live comparatively cheap, a large
sum of money, $2,000—for it is large in one sense
—when the labors which those judges perform are
really not enough in the whole course of the year
to occupy them two weeks, as is the case inVermont
and New Hampshire, neither of them a maritime
State, and neither of them with, comparatively,
any business at all. Still, the judges, as they are
judges, and can do no business in other States, are
entitled to receive a reasonable compensation. To
that I do not object; but where is the propriety in
putting those judges on an equality, in point of
salary, with the judge of the district of Maine,
who has a large business to do from the beginning
to the end of the year? We have a sea-coast of
several hundred miles, with a large quantity of
shipping, and the judge has to hold the court in
three different parts ot the Stale. In this classi-
fication of salaries there is no propriety; and I
cannot consent, as a member of the Senate from
the State of Maine, to see a bill passed which does
so much injustice to its judge. His salary ought
to be §2,500. He certainly ought to be placed on
an equality with the judges in the western States.
Take, for instance, the State of Illinois. There
are to be two judges in that State; and if this bill
should be passed, they will receive a salary of
$2,500 each. The judge of the western district of
Virginia is to receive $2,500, and his business
must, from hia location, be comparatively small.
Mr. BUTLER. He has a good deal of riding
to do. r
Mr. FESSENDEN. How can he hare much
riding to do when he has very little business ? He
cannot have anymore riding to do than the judge
in Maine, where we have only pne district judge,*
Mr. CLAYTON. I cannot agree with the:
Senator from Maine as to the principle upon which-
he thinks thijs bill should rest, We do not act on
the idea of paying judges merely in proportion to,
the labor they perform- We do not pay them as
we pay laborers on a farm, or in a factory. The
true principle is to pay every judge sp much as
will enable him tp lead a studious life while he is
engaged in theaervice of the Government. If you,
want a district judge in a part of the country;
where, the Senator from Maine says, there is not
more than a week's labor, and you pay him only
for a week's labor, certainly that principle is to-
tally erroneous. You want a man of ability there,
and you must pay enough to engage the service?
of a man of ability. You must pay him enough
to enable him to keep up with the profession—
with the science of the law.
If it can be shown hereafter that the judge for
the district of Maine does not receive sufficient
compensation, I will go with the Senator from
Maine to increase his salary. But the argument
which he has urged is no reason why we should
not employ able men in New Hampshire, Ver-
mont, or any other Stat? where there may not bp
as much labor as in Maine. Although, as has
been well said by Senators on the other side of
the Chamber, the bill is not perfect—and we never
can get a bill that will suit every man—yet I wish
to take the best we can get, and shall, therefore,
vote for this bill.
Mr. Fessenden's amendment was rejected.
Mr. BELL. I concur entirely in the expedi-
ency and justice of increasing the salaries of the
district judges. I have no objection to this bill.
I do not consider it equal, in all respects, so far as
regards the labors to be performed by the several
judges of the district courts of the United States,
a great many of whom necessarily have very little
labor to perform; but I concur with the Senator
from Delaware, that we cannot graduate their sal-
aries by the time which they are actually employed
sitting m the courts of their several districts. Yet,
sir, I confess I do not feel entirely satisfied, while
we are doing this act of justice to the district
judges, to make no provision in this bill for increas.-
ing the salaries of the Judges of the Supreme
Court.
Mr. PETTIT. We can take up the bill for
that purpose immediately after this bill is passed,
and pass it. I concur with the Senator entirely,
that the salaries of the Supreme Court Judges
ought to be raised; but an amendment would kill
this bill.
Mr. BELL, I know tbat the general desire of
the Senate is not to encumber this bill; but I want
Senators to remember the amount of labor, as well
as study, which the Judges of the Supreme Court
of the United States have to submit to. All are
employed the whole of their time, either in the
consideration of questions which have been sub-
mitted to them under advisement, or in travel-
ing to hold their respective circuits, or in sitting
from day to day for months, in the Capitol of the
United States, at a great distance from their homes.
There has been no increase in the salaries of those
judges from the time the court was organized. I
want to state one or two facts to the Senate. I
am told—I have not looked at the docket—that,
at the last session of the Supreme Court, there were
some four or five hundred causes before them; and
those judges had to sit for five months last year,
by pretermitting their duties in some of the circuits
to which they belonged; and yet they did not get
much more than half through their docket with
all the economy of time they could employ, and
with all the rigorous rules they could adopt, con-
sistently and properly, in repressing tedious argu-
ments before them. Then, sir, the term of actual
labor and employment, as Judges of the Supreme
Court, of those whose circuits are so situated that
they could attend them at all, was ten months.
These are considerations which, I must think,
do require the attention and consideration of the
Senate and of Congress. We all see the nature
of their labors in the court below. Every day
any gentleman can see it; and there are some gen-
tlemen, I know, ii) this body, who sympathize
