1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
ing to the terms of the fourth section of the act of the 29th
of July, Anno Domini 1848; for which purpose there is
hereby appropriated the sum of $1-2,290 69: Provided,
That each and every Indian so receiving such payment in
full, t>ha!l give their assent thereto: Jlnd provided further,
That said Secretary sliaii be first satisfied that the State of
North Carolina has, betore such payment, by some appro-
priate act, agreed that the said Cherokees may remain
permanently in that State, anything in the treaty of 1835 to
the conuary notwithstanding.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know what
is the effect of this additional provision.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. A word of explanation will
set the matter right. In the act of 1848 there was
an amount of $53 33 apiece set apart in the Treas-
ury of the United States in trust for such of the
North Carolina Cherokees as had been suffered to
remain in the State of North Carolina. The pro-
vision was made that the United States should pay
interest on it at six percent, until they did remove,
and that whenever they did remove the principal
sum of §53 33 should be paid to each of them, in
lieu of then- commutation allowance for removal
and subsistence under the treaty of 1835. The
Government has paid the interest ever since, and
is bound perpetually under that act to pay the
interest.
It is the wish of that small remnant of people
now not to remove, and it is understood that the
State of North Carolina has manifested, by its
legislations disposition to retain them in the State,
and make them citizens. This amendment pro-
vides for the redemption of that perpetual annuity
by paying off the principal, and waiving the
right of the Government of the United States to
insist on their removal under the treaty. To the
extent to which the appropriation is asked it is a
debt of the Government drawing six per cent,
interest in perpetuity; and this proposition is to
redeem the principal by paying it off, and to waive
the obligation which the Indians are under by the
treaty of 1835 to remove to the west, on condition
that the State of North Carolina will give its
assent. If we decline to adopt a provision of this
kind, the only consequence is, that we shall be
flaying an amount of between three and four dol-
ars a year to each head of an Indian family in the
State of North Carolina forever. To that extent
it is part of the national debt. The Indians desire
this provision, and I see no earthly objection to
its being done.
Mr. BELL. I did not hear the explanation of
my friend from Aikansas altogether; but from
what I gather from him, sitting at this distance, I
understand that this amount of money was appro-
priated subsequent to the treaty of 1835, upon
condition that they would remove. I should like
to be informed on that point.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. A word or two, I think,
will satisfy the Senator. This amount, which was
appropriated by the act of 1848 for the benefit of
the North Carolina Cherokees, held in trust by
the Government at six per centum, is an allow-
ance for removal and subsistence under the treaty
of 1835. I think this statement will enable the
Senator to understand it, for he had a very large
agency in procuring that appropriation. This pro-
poses now to pay off the principal of that debt to
those Indians, and waive the obligation of the
Government to insist on their removal under the
treaty.
Mr. BADGER. Provided the State of North
Carolina shall consent to their remaining perma-
nently in that State.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Yes, sir; that is the pro-
vision.
Mr. BELL. It seems to me still that there
ought to be some permanent arrangement made
with these Indians. We have been compelled,
for many years past, to appoint agents and pay
money to the New York Indians,although it was
supposed that we had disposed of them finally
some fifteen years ago. I see a provision in this
bill to appoint an agent for the New York Indians.
I had supposed that New York took the control
of those Indians, or many of them, and conceded
their right to continue in the State. Whether
they are allowed the privilege of citizenship there
I do not know; but our experience in that State
has shown that this Government never gets clear
of its responsibility as quasi guardian, which it
has assumed from the foundation of the Govern-
ment, over the Indian tribes even in the States,
and it should be a warning to us.
I do not remember the provision of the act of
1848, which is referred to. It may have been that
1 gave my assent to it fully on that occasion; but
I know that we have had repeatedly to make
appropriations for the North Carolina Indians,
when, in strict truth, as it always has appeared to
me, they claimed under a very doubtful title the
benefits of the treaty of 1835. According to the
representations of a large portion of the Cherokee
tribe, they certainly were not entitled to anything
under that treaty; but, because they were Indians,
and were Cherokees settled within the limits of
North Carolina, we have not felt ourselves alto-
gether at liberty to resist their claim to be allowed
a portion of the consideration given for the Chero-
kee country generally. The only reason why I
make any remark now is, that I thought it was
supposed we had done with these Indians forever.
We have certainly been liberal to them heretofore;
and before we vote them this money, which was
appropriated for them upon the condition that
they would remove, a very strong case ought to
be presented. It ought to be distinctly understood
that wc are never to hear of them again as appli-
cants for anything from this Government.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am sure, from the tenor
of the remarks of the Senator from Tennessee,
that he has not yet comprehended the object of
the amendment. It is to avoid the very difficulty
to which he alludes in the case of the New Yoik
Indians. It is to terminate theperpetual payment
of interest to these Indians, and the employment
of agents by the Government to pay them the
interest, which, all will agree, is a wholly inade-
quate provision for their permanently remaining
in North Carolina, it is thought to be a better
provision to pay them the principal of that funded
amount at once, than continue to pay them the
small amount of six per centum interest on the
fund, which gives to each head of a family only
the small pittance of between threeand fourdollars
per annum. The Senator made some allusions to
the justice, originally, of the act of 1848. I voted
against that at the time; but the question arising
out of the consideration of that claim, is one
which is not now open for discussion. Having
incurred voluntarily the debt, the question is, how
we shall best escape the difficulties which follow
in its train ?
Mr. BELL. I have very great respect and
deference for the views of the Senator from Ar-
kansas on such questions as this. I have had the
honor of being a colleague of his oil the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs for many years, and I know
the soundness of his judgment on these questions
generally. I do not, however, see clearly the
ground on which this application is now made;
but I am disposed, for myself, to defer to the judg-
ment of the committee," though I am not satisfied
that this appropriation ought to be made on any
ground except that the Committee on Indian
Affairs recommended it.
Mr. HUNTER. If I understand it, thisappro-
priation wa3 originally made upon condition that
these Indians would remove. That was the con-
sideration. This is the sum which was allowed
to each Indian for removal. It was granted upon
that condition. Now, it is proposed to relieve
them of the condition, and make them a present
of this sum of money. I only lefer to the fact,
because it was predicted at the time by those who
opposed that provision, that such would be the
result. Here it is proposed to give to them that
sum of money, no matter whether they remove
or not; and I understand the proviso is that the
State of North Carolina shall consent to their
remaining within its limits. That being the case,
1 do not see that it can make any difference to the
Treasury of the United States whether the amend-
ment passes or not. All that this serves to me is
" to point the moral," and show what is the end
of it.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to say to my friend
from Virginia, that that i3 not exactly all that it
does. The Government now pays the interest
yearly to these Indians on the principal sum of
653 33 It is a question, therefore, between a
perpetual annuity, and paying the money and
having done with it. That is the state of the
case.
Mr. RUSK. It saves the annual interest.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly, we are now pay-
ing interest on this sum every year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The next amendment of
the Committee on Indian Affairs is to insert, after
the appropriations for the Indian service m Cali-
fornia, the following:
To meet the necessary expenses of colonizing, support-
ing, and furnishing agricultural implements for the Indiana
in Texas, $86,4$).
For the purpose of enabling the proper Department to
adopt such measures as may be necessary for opening com-
munications wiih the Texas Camanches and Apaches who
have not Heretofore been parties to any treaties with the
United States, $10,000.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from
Arkansas will explain this amendment.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It is an estimated amount
recommended by the Department for the purpose
of carrying out the act of the last session of Con-
gress providing for the removal of the Indians to
reservations in Texas. The reservations have
been selected by an officer from the Indian De-
partment and an officer of the Army, and this is
the amount estimated for the purpose of removing
the Indians and subsisting them on these reserva-
tions, which have been selected in pursuance of
the act of Congress.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know how
many Indians there are to go on the reservations,
when so large an appropriation is now required ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN I cannot exactly answer
the gentleman; but according to the best informa-
tion we have, there are twelve thousand Indians
within the jurisdiction of Texas. I am certain
that the amount named in the amendment will be
required for the purpose had in view.
Mr. RUSK. This is not only estimated for by
the Indian Bureau, but is approved by the Secre-
tary of the Interior, and recommended in a mes-
sage from the President of the United States. Dif-
ficulties existed in reference to the Texas Indians,
because there was no place upon which to locate
them. Propositions were, therefore, made from the
Indian Bureau to the State of Texas through the
Indian agent in Texas, that theState should assign
a tract of land on which to locate the Indians. In
gursuance of this request, the Legislature of the
tate of Texas assigned twelve leagues of land for
the purpose of colonizing the Indians, and surren-
dered thejurisdiction over this land to the United
States. Thereupon, on the recommendation of
the Indian Department, at the last session of Con-
gress, the sum of $86,430 was appropriated for
the purpose of supporting the Indians. Captain
Marcy was sent out in conjunction with the special
agent of the Department, Mr. Neighbors, to mak«
the selection of the lands. They were made, and
the return was sent to the Indian Bureau, and ap-
proved by the President. The reason why the
estimates did not come in at the commencement 01
the session arose out of this fact: Upon the gath-
ering together of the Indians, who agreed at once
to settle down on the reservations, it was found
that they largely exceeded the number which the
agent had estimated them at before, and inasmuch
as a part of the fiscal year had passed over without
any uaeof the money that had been appropriated,
no increased appropriation was regarded as neces-
sary by him for the succeeding fiscal year.
The Indians are now upon the reservations, and
are doing well. The subject has been carefully
investigated, not only by the agent, who is fully
to be relied upon, but also by the Bureau of In-
dian Affairs, by the Secretary of the Interior, and
by the President of the United States. The Pres-
ident has sent us a message recommending this
appropriation, and this sum of §86,430 will, in
my judgment, result in a saving of hundreds pf
thousands by turning these Indians, who roam
over the prairies and commit depredations, into
agriculturists. A portion of them are now BO,
and the effect must be a good one.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am also authorized by
the Committee on Indian Affairs to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
For reimbursing to John W. Whitfield, Jate agent for the
Indians on the Upper Platte, the amount expended l>y him
for ransom from the Cheyennes, and clothing and trans-
portation to the States of white and Mexican prisoners,
$r-o.
Mr. HUNTER. I understood that the general
provision, offered by the Committee on Finance,
was to cover this among other objects. This was
a case mentioned when the estimate was sent in—
the case of Mexican boys who were restored by
agent Whitfield. The amount of $5,000, appro-
priated by an amendment already adopted, was
