1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
685
channel to this body. It becomes necessary in
consequence of the running of the exterior surveys
of the Indian reserves in Kansas and Nebraska
Territories costing more than was originally esti-
mated for. It is in the nature of a deficiency, to
supply an inadequate appropriation of last year.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, asamended, was adopted.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The next amendment of
the Committee on Indian Affairs is to insert the
following additional section:
Sec. —. JLnd be it further enacted, That there shall be
appointed, as now provided by law, an additional agent, at
an annual salary of $1,000, to reside amongst the Kansas
Indians, as required by the sixth article of the treaty ot'Jan-
uary 14,184G, and to be charged with the duties therein
specified, and to continue as long as the President may
deem such agency to be advantageous to the said Indians';
and also, one other agent for the liiekapoos, upon the same
salary, and upon the same tenure.
The Kansas Indians are entitled, Mr. President,
by the treaty of 1846, to a resident Indian agent,
charged, by virtue of his office, with taking care
of their farming operations and their national af-
fairs, which has never been accorded to them. It
will be remembered, I presume, by persons ac-
quainted with the geography of the country, that
the Kansas Indians are directly upon the great
emigrant route to Oregon, in consequence of which
there are a great many difficulties arising between
the Indians and the emigrants.
It is charged that the Indians are not remarka-
ble for integrity, or a peaceable disposition; and it
has become necessary, therefore, to have an Indian
agent residing amongst them, in pursuance of the
treaty—a lowest class agent, with a salary of
$1,000.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to ask the Senator
whether a salary of §1,000 is sufficient? The gen-
eral salary of Indian agents is SI,500.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. This sum is said to be
sufficient by the Delegate from that Territory,
whose judgment, I take it for granted, is sufficient
on such questions.
Mr. SHIELDS. Perhaps the honorable Sen-
ator is mistaken as to the views of the Delegate.
I know that he thinks $1,500 little enough for the
Kickapoo agency.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I expect the Senator from
Illinois probably confounds a proposition which
the Committee on Indian Affairs once entertained
with that which they have now proposed. It
was at first believed that a separation of the Kansas
agency into two agencies, one for the Shawnees,
and one for the Delawares and Kickapoos, would
be sufficient, providing first class agencies for
each. The committee has reported, however, for
an additional agent as an agent for the Kickapoo
Indians in consequence of their rather remotely
detached position from the Delaware agency. The
whole number of agents proposed to be created
by this amendment, and the next one which I
have to offer, is only two or three, and they be-
come necessary in consequence of our very com-
plicated relations with the Indians in Kansas.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The next amendment of
the committee is:
gEC, —. j^rid be it further enacted, That there shall be
appointed, as now provided by law, one additional Indian
agent, whose salary shall he $1,500 per annum, and who
shall be assigned for such time as the President may deem
necessary to the Delaware Indians, and the agents {or the
Kansas, Great Nemaha, and Osage agencies shall hereafter
receive the annual salary of §1^00, in Jieu of the salary
now allowed by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I offer as one amendment
these two sections:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after
the  day of  next, the Governors of the Teiri-
torie-« of Minnesota and Washington shall cease to have
and exercise the duties and powers now conferred upon
thera by law as superintendents of Indian affaire m their
respective Territories ; and instead thereof, the said Ter-
ritory of Washington shall thereafter be attaehed to the
supermtendency ot Indian affairs for the Territory of Or-
egon; and the Territory of Minnesota shall thereafter be
attaehed to and form part of the northern suporintendency.
Sec. —. Jindbe it further enacted, That the Governor of
Minnesota shall thereafter receive the annual salary now
allowed to the Governors of Kansas and Nebraska; and
the Governor of the Territory of Washington shall there-
after receive the annual salary now allowed to the Governor
of the Territory of Oregon.
Mr. GWIN. I think the Governor of Wash-
ington Territory should be the superintendent of
Indian affairs there. If you add it to Oregon,
the superintendence will be very large—too large to
be attended to by one man. I am perfectly confi-
dent that the Governor of Washington ought to be
superintendent of Indian affairs in that Territory.
I hope, therefore, that portion of the amendment
will oe stricken out. It is a very remote region,
and an extensive country, and I believe the public
interests would be promoted by retaining tne su-
perintendency in the hands of the Governor.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator probably is
not aware of the position of affairs in those Ter-
ritories, or he certainly would not entertain the
opinion which he does. The Governor of the Ter-
ritory of Oregon exercises nothing but executive
duties, and there is a separate superintendency of
Indian affairs for Oregon; and there was, prob-
ably, before Washington Territory was organized,
but upon that point 1 am not fully informed. This
anomaly is presented; that in the adjoining Terri-
tory of Oregon there is a superintendentand Gov-
ernor,while in Washington Territory both duties
are entrusted to the same person. It is very evi-
dent to any one at all familiar with the nature of
tho country, that the whole of these tw® Territo-
ries form but one great natural region in the geog-
raphy of the country. The Indians have all the
same character, and pretty much the same rela-
tions to the Government. The settlers have the
same common interest. It is much better that the
Indian policy there should be directed by one and
the same mind, than be controlled by one policy
in one Territory, and by a very different one in
the other. It so happens that this is not mere
theory or speculation, but is the case in practice;
for while the Superintendent of Indian Affairs for
Oregon is pursuing one policy, the Governor of
Washington, in reference to the neighboring In-
dians occupying the north instead of the south
side of the Columbia river, is pursuing a very dif-
ferent line of policy.
The Columbia river divides these two Terri-
tories. It is in the center of the whole geograph-
ical region which will be embraced within the
superintendency, if both Territories be put in the
same superintendency. I think that if there is
any question at  1I about the propriety of the
separation in any case, there should be less in this
instance than anywhere else. This merely takes
the Territory of Washington and adds it to what
is already the superintendency of Mr. Palmer, so
as to put Washington and Oregon Territories
under one superintendent.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, the immense coun-
try embraced within the two Territories seems to
me entirely too large for one superintendency. I
think we had better have the two Governors
superintendents, than to disconnect the offices.
The Governor, it seenis to me, is the peculiar per-
son who should have charge of the Indians within
Washington Territory. I think it is a very im-
portant policy, and a change ought not to be made
in it without mature reflection. I know that the
Governor of Washington is decidedly of opinion
that the two functions should be continued. I
have received a communication from him within
the last few days on the subject, in which he says
it is of vital importance to him for the discharge
of his official duties that he should have control of
the Indians withm the Territory. Under the cir-
cumstances, his opinion, when he is upon the
ground, and understands his duties thoroughly,
should have more weight than any report which
we may receive from other quarters.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The region of country
under the jurisdiction of the Superintendent of
Oregon, with the two Territories together, would
not be so large a region as that intrusted to the
jurisdiction of the central superintendent at St.
Louis. I am sure the Senator from California does
not look to the nature of the duties which are in-
cumbent on the superintendent. They are advisary
in their character. All the active duties of man-
agement of the relations with the Indians, pre-
serving peace among them, making payments to
them, vindicating their wrongs, and giving them
redress, are performed by inferior officers. The
object of having a superintendent is for the sole
purpose of enforcing responsibility among those
officers, and directing a policy to be pursued by
all of them with something like unity, so that the
larger the district the more uniform will be the
pohcy pursued in reference to all the Indians
within it.
Mr. HUNTER. I have understood that the
policy of separating the superintendency from the
office of Territorial Governor does not wdrk wellj
especially among distant and wild Indians. It
seems to me that the Governor, especially at the
distance at which the Governors of Oregon and
Washington are placed from us, ought to have the
sole control of our Indian relations in those Ter-
ritories, except so far as it is necessary to super-
vise them here; and I believe it would be far betted
to return to the old policy in Oregon, than intro-
duce the new in Washington. I nave heard from
those acquainted with the subject, and who have
had some experience, that it has not worked
well.
The question was put; and the amendment waa
declared to be agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it too late to ask for a
division of the question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stdart
in the chair.) It is. The decision has been an-
nounced.
Mr. SHIELDS. A vote can be had on it in
the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I will wait until the bill shall
have been reported to the Senate, and then ask
for a vote upon it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have the authority of
the Committee on Indian Affairs for offering this
amendment:
For the pay of an additional clerk in the Indian Office,
under the appropriation per act of August 5, 1854, for one
year, $1,400.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have another amend-
ment from the same committee:
For the purpose of enabling the President to arrange and
adjust the difficulties existing among the Stockbridg'e and
Munsce Indians of Lake Winnebago, in the State of Wis-
consin, arising out of the acts of Congress of March 3,1843,
and August 6, 1846, and the treaty ot November 94, 1848,
in such manner as, in his judgment, may be just to the In-
dians, and not inconsistent with the rights of white per-
sons who may reside in the Stockbridge reserve, or the
claims of the United States under the treaty of 1848, the
sum of $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The next amendment
which I have to offer, is the following:
For collecting, removing, and subsisting the Indians of
California, as provided by law, on two additional military
reserves, lo be selected as heretofore, and not to contain
exceeding twenty-five thousand acres each, in or near the
State of California, the sum of $150,000: Provided, That
the. President may enlaige the quantity of the reserves
heretofore selected, equal to those hereby provided for; and
shall not expend the amount herein appropriated, unless,
in'.lis opinion, the same shall be expedient. And the last
proviso to the authority for five military reservations in
California, per act of 3d of March, 1853, be, and the same
is hereby, repealed : Provided, That so much of the act
approved on the 31st of July last, as requires that no more
than $20,0(10 shall be drawn by the Superintendent of In-
dian Affairs, or be in his hands unexpended at one and the
same time, he, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, it will be rec-
ollected that, at the last session of Congress, upon
my motion, the quantity of lands which the Pres-
ident was authorized to reserve under the act, was
limited to ten thousand acres in each case. The
original law provided for five military reservations
in California, Utah, and New Mfexico. I had no
idea that all those reservations would be made in
the State of California. 11 was only designed that
not exceeding three should be made in California,
and the other two in Utah and New Mexico. I
find it necessary, under convictions of duty, to
move to reduce the quantity of land in each reser-
vation from twenty-five thousand to ten thousand
acres. Now, I understand those who are charged
with the Indian affairs of California have reported
that it is indispensably necessary that the original
amount provided for in the act—twenty-five thou-
sand acres—should be restored. -I very reluct-
antly give my consent to it.
At the last session of Congress, however, upon
reducing the reservations in California from five
to three in number, the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs decided that it applied to the original act;
whereas in truth, my only object was to limit the
number of reservations in the State of California
to three, having no objection whatever to the loca-
tion of the other two reservations in Utah and New
Mexico. Now, I am very unwilling that all those
five reservations shall be mr in the State of Cal-
ifornia, and that they shall be authorized to with-
hold from the settlement of our people one hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand acres of land for
Indian purposes'.
