1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
The principle upon which the claims rest was
not settled by Congress until the last session. It
may be within the recollection of most Senators,
that a bill was then passed for the relief of Colonel
Fremont, which allowed him some $230,000, upon
the same principle precisely upon which the claims
which this commission is intended to provide for
are based. The great difficulty has been, that while
we could separate the case of Colonel Fremont
from all taint or suspicion of fraud, there has been
an impossibility of separating the other bona fide
from the fraudulent claims which arose under the
contracts with the commissioners who negotiated
treaties there. That difficulty will always attach
to these cases. The committee never can under-
stand, from ex parte evidence, which are genuine
and which are fraudulent cases.
i know the general proposition to send commis-
sioners to California for the purpose of investi-
gating these claims has heretofore been received
with little or no favor in the Senate. 1 think that
the proposition has been decidedly repudiated
once or twice. I have voted against it myself
heretofore; but experience and a further knowl-
edge of the character of the claims has satisfied
me that this is the only means by which we can
attain anything like an approximation to the truth
in regard to them. We may pay them now with
half a million or quarter of a million of dollars;
but in a few years hence, the evidence which the
Government can command as to the perpetration
of fraud will expire, and they will all survive as
bona fide claims, and who doubts that they will
be ultimately paid? I think, therefore, with the
Senator from California, that it is an economical
measure, if proposed in time.
Another thing may be remarked—the amend-
ment does not commit the Government to a recog-
nition of the claims. It is merely to fortify itself
with the necessary evidence to repudiate those
which are fraudulent and unjust; and ratify, and
confirm, and appropriate for those which are just.
Finally, when the labors of the commission are
ended and furnished to us, it will be entirely within
the discretion of Congress to make an appropria-
tion for the satisfaction of the claims or not. This
is a step purely preliminary in its character, to
provide ourselves and fortify the Government with
evidence in regard to the claims. It does not, by
the very terms of the amendment, operate as a
recognition of the claims, though upon that point,
it may be said that the passage of the bill for the
relief of Colonel Fremont was a full acknowledg-
ment of the principle. This is an honest effort; it
may be an ineffectual one. It doubtless will lead
to some abuses; but I believe that, taking the only
alternative which is presented to us by this amend-
ment, or trusting to the uncertain chances of the
allowance of these claims, it is decidedly the best
to adopt this, which, I think, is the only practi-
cable mode of preventing ourselvesfrom being im-
posed on by a large amount of fraudulent claims.
Many of these claims are undoubtedly fraudulent;
and yet, when the Committee on Indian Affairs is
compelled to rest upon ex parte testimony of inter-
ested persons, who can doubt, who expects that
any other result will follow, but that they will
make out a complete case, and the Government be
left unprotected ?
These are the views which induced me, for one,
to wish that this proposition should receive the
sanction of the Committee on Indian Affairs. It
is now offered on the individual responsibility of
one Senator, and 1 have taken this occasion to
express my hearty concurrence with the object
which he has in view.
The question being taken; on a division, the
ayes were 8, noes 10; no quorum voting.
Mr. GW1N. If no objection be made, let the
amendment be considered as adopted, and those
who are opposed to it can call for a vote on it
■when the bill shall be reported to the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. I hope the suggestion of my
colleague will be adopted.
Mr. PRATT. As there was no quorum voting,
I ask for the yeas and nays. That is the only
way of getting a quorum.
Mr. CLAYl'ON. My objection to this amend-
ment is, that I think it lays a bad precedent.^ I
remember some years ago there was a proposition
to send a commission similar to this, a sort of
roving commission, into Florida, which gave rise
to a great deal of debate, and after discussion it
was voted down. I think the effect of this will
be of the same description. Whenever we wish
to ascertain what the amount of claims of this
character roay be, I think it would be well
enough for the claimants themselves to hunt up
testimony against us, without our volunteering to
bring it forward against ourselves. I think it
would be safer for the Treasury if we were to
rest on our oars, and let them bring forward their
claims. I know very well that it is said the
object of it is (and doubtless this is the intention
of our friends from Cahfornina) to protect the
Treasury against fraudulent claims; but will that
be the practical effect? Really, sir, will not the
effect of it be to bring forward testimony against
us that never would be produced to show tne va-
lidity of claims? Gentlemen talk about ex parte
testimony- Why, air, it will be ex paite any way.
It will be a difficult thing for the Government
to be represented in collecting this testimony. I
prefer to follow the ancient course. 1 foresee that,
if we adopt this commission, we must adopt others,
and we shall continue to adopt them as often as
the proposition is made if we pass this amend-
ment. For that reason I voted against it,and I
shall continue to do so.
Mr. WELLER. I will say to the Senator
from Delaware that those parties who have claims
now against the Government make out, prima
facie, a very clear case, because nearly every one
of the claimants has an order, signed by one of
the Indian commissioners sent out by the Govern-
ment, on the Treasurer of the United States, for
the amount of the property which he sold. The
three Indian commissioners who were sent out to
California proceeded to purchase a large amount
of beef, and other supplies, for the use of the In-
dians, amounting to some *,800,000 or §900,000.
To those individuals from whom they made the
purchases, they gave drafts on the Treasury of
the United States. Now, the case is a very clear
one, so far as the claimant is concerned. lie pre-
sents a draft, regularly drawn by the agent of
the Government of the United States on the Treas-
ury, and protested for want of funds. If that
question is submitted to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, without any additional testimony, they
cannot hesitate to allow the claim, if these were
proper charges against the Treasury. Dut we say
that the appointment of a commissioner to take
evidence in California will show that there was
fraud in the giving of someof these certificates, or
drafts, on the Treasury; that in some cases the
cattle were not taken and applied for the u<ie of
I the Indiana, but were used ai.d appropriated by
other persons who were, perhaps, in collusion
with some of the Indian agents.
I undertake to tell you, sir, that the only place
where you can obiain evidence to show that fraud,
is in the State of California. If you take the
cases as the claimants send them here you will be
compiled to allow the wh( le. I say the only pro-
tection you have against an improper use of the
public money, is by taking testimony on the
ground, in regard to the whole of these transac-
tions. Persons are not apt to give themselves the
trouble of sending their depositions here, to pre-
ventothers from getting their claims. If you wish
to protect the Treasury, you must send an agent
where you can obtain the proof, because theclaim-
ants now have all the proof which they desire.
They have the drafts regularly drawn by the In-
dian agents. Now, Mr. President, I know enough
about°these affairs to know that there has been
fraud practiced, and 1 am apprehensive that unless
some steps are taken to obtain this testimony in
CahVornia the Treasury of the United States will
be compelled to pay at least three times as much
as in justice it ought to pay.
Mr. JOHNSON". Has the amendment which
was offered by the Senator from California been
rei ?
'The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
On a division u pon it, there was no quorum voting.
The Chair understood some Senator then to ask
for the yeas and nays on the question.^ The Chair
will now put the question on ordering the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WELLER. What other way have we of
ascertaining whether there is a quorum present or
not, unless by taking the yeas and nays?
The PRE31D1NG OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that the Senator from California is right,
that there is no other way of getting to business
than by having a quorum present, and that tha
only way to ascertain whether there be a quorum
present is to take the question by yeas and nays.
The Chair will therefore put the question again on
taking the vote by yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLAYTON. In order to a full under-
standing of this question by the Senate, I ash that
the amendment, as modified, may be read again.
it was read as follows:
Sec. —. JlftA be it further enacted, That the President
be, and is hereby, authorized to appoint a commission-
er, under the limitations now provided by law, to take
evidence of, investigate, and ascertain the nature and
amount of all claims arising: in the State of California
against the United States, for services rendered, or supplies
furnished for the use of the Indians of that State, under tha
order, appointment, or contract of any superintendent, In-
dian agent, or commissioner; and the same, with a detailed
statement of the names ot the claimants, the amount
claimed, and the facts and considerations of the claim,
accompanied with a classification, as far as piacttcabte,of
the bona fide and fraudulent claims, to report to the next
Congress of the United States for iheii action thereon:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be construed
as u recognition of the validity of such claims by or against
the Government of the United States.
Mr. CLAYTON. I have not the slightest ob-
jection to the amendment if it be so stated as to
inquire into what are supposed to be fraudulent
claims; but that is not the object of the amend-
ment. It is to substantiate all claims; it is to in-
quire into all claims of this class, of every descrip-
tion. I concur fully with the gentleman from
California, that it is the interest of the Govern-
ment to protect itself by evidence against claims
which it has reason to suppose are fraudulent; and
I am very willing to send a commission to protect
the Government against claims that it believes or
supposes to be fraudulent; but I do not wish to
send a roving commission for the purpose of
collecting testimony against itself, as this amend-
ment does. If the Senator will alter the amend-
ment in such a manner as to restrict it to an inquiry
into such claims as he alleges are deemed to be
fraudulent, I will vote for it, butl am not willing
to heat the poker to burn myself. I do not want
to send a roving commission there for the purpose
of hunting up testimony against the Government.
God knows it will come here fast enough without
our aid.
Mr. GW1N. I can tell the Senator from Dela-
j ware that there are now before the Committee on
I Indian Affairs, as the chairman will state, claims
j which they are bound to allow, on the testimony
■ presented by the claimants, but against which
' there are charges of fraud. I do not want an in-
dividual sent out to brand every claim with fraud.
There are parties there who do make charges of
fraud against the claims, who are willing to give
testimony, but they will not volunteer to do it. If
an agent of the Government calls on them, they
will make statements which will invalidate some
of the claims. So they say; so they have told me
and others. I do not intend to charge fraud on
these claimants, for I have no personal knowledge
of the circumstances attending the claims, but if
there is any testimony which can now be obtained
which will prove that they ought not to be paid
by the United States, it should be collected as
soon as possible.
There is no danger of collecting oily testimony
in favor of these claims m California, because that
will be collected by the claimants and sent here,
thousands of miles from where the transaction
occurred, and where it cannot be disproved. They
will be brought before the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and we shall be compelled, from the pre-
cedent we have already set, to pay the claims,
which are based exactly on the same grounds as
those that have heretofore been paid. I do not
bring the charge of fraud against them. It is
brought by others. I have no personal knowledge
of the matter. All I desire, is to have the claims
settled. I wish them put in such a position that
all the testimony against them, as well as that in
their favor, may be filed here. 1 have never heard
of testimony being filed here againstthem. There
are a number of suspended claims, and they will
all be brought here in time, every one of them.
My object is to get correct testimony in regard to
i those claims, from parties who are ready and will-
ing to give it.
Mr. BROWN. I have no intention to enter
into any discussion upon this amendment. I never
gave my assent to it as a member of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs and I am opposed to it here.
