69£
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
YEAS—Messrs. Abererombie, James C. Allen, Ashe,
Ball, Banks, Bell, Benton, Bliss, Boyce, Bristow, Brooks,
Bugg, Campbell, Caruthers, Chamberlain, Cook, Oorivin
Cox, Cullom, John G. Davis, De Witt, Dunbar, Edmunds
Edmmidson, Thomas D. Eliot, English, Eibcridge, Ever-
hart, Farley, Faulkner, Fenton, Florence, Franklin, Gam-
ble,- Uoode, Grey, Andrew J. Harlan, Wiley P. Harris,
Haven, Henn, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Knox, Kurtz, Lamb,
Lane, Latham, Lmdley, Lindsley, McCulloch, Macdonald,
McDougall. Macy, Matteson, Maxwell, May, Meaeham,
Morgan, Noble, Okis, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver,
Packer, Parker, Peckham, Pennington, John Perkins,
Phelps, Pratt, Ready, Richardson, Xi.ddle, David Ritchic,
Eohbina, Rogers, Rowe, Ruffin, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sew-
ard, Seymour, Simmons, Sellers, Frederick P. Stanton,
Hestor L. Stevens, Andrew Stuart, Davnl Smart, John J.
Taylor, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Upbam,
Walbridge, Walker, Walley, Warren, Ellilm B. Wasli-
burne, Wells, John Wentworth, Westbrook, Hendnck B.
Wright, i'ates, and Zollicoffer—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Appleton, Barksdale, Barry,
Belcher, Bennett, Benson, Bridges, Carpenter, Chase,
Chastain, Clirisman, Chngman, Cobb, Ciaige, Crocker,
Thomas Davis, Dickinson, Dowdell, Dunham, Ellison,
Flagler, Giddmgs, Goodwin, Gffow, Hamilton, Aaron Har-
lan, Sampson W. Hams, Hibbaid, Hiester, Houston,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Junes, Roland Jones. Kuhvell,
Kittredge, Lewis, Lilly, MeMullin, McNair, McQueen,
Mace, Maurice, Middles, vvarth, Mill-on, M'lrnsou, Peck,
Bishop Perkins, Powell, Piuigle, Thomas Kucliey, Sapp,
Shannon, Shaw, Shower, William Smith, Straiton, Tracv.
Trout, Vail, Vansant, Wade, WaK-h, and Daniel B. YVugli't
—65.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds not
voting in favor thereof.
HENRY S. SANFORD.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the Whole House from the further consideration
of Senate bill (No. 430) for the relief of Henry S.
Sanford.
Several Members. I object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Objection being made, I
move to suspend the rules to enable nie to make
the motion. If the House will indulge me for a
few moments, I think I shall be able to satisfy
them that this is a pressing case, and one that
ought to receive the sanction of this body. The
report is a very short one.
Several Members. Read the bill. That will
be enough.
The SPEAKER. Report the title of the bill
again.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The report in this case,
which is a Senate report, is a very short one, and
will occupy but a moment in reading.
Mr. PECKHAM. I object to the reading- of
the report, if I can do so, and save time thereby.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the bill
itself, as is usual where a suspension of the rules
is asked, that the House may know what they
are voting upon.
Mr. LETCHER. Is the bill taken up?
The SPEAKER. It is not. It will be read
only for information.
Mr. LETCHER. I want it understood that!
object to its introduction.
Mr. PECKHAM. T have a number of bills
which I think ought to have precedence of that.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is a question for the
House to decide.
Mr. PECKHAM. They are for the relief of
widows and orphans.
CONFERENCE AT OSTEND.
Some delay arising,
Mr. INGERSOLL said: If ihere is no objec- 1
tion, while the Clerk is looking for the bill, I wish j
to report back, from the Committee on Foreign |
Affairs, and in behalf of my colleague on that ;
committee, [Mr. Perkins, of Louisiana,] a reso- j
lution which was sent to them from this body, and I
which the committee have instructed shall be j
reported back, with a recommendation that it do j
pass. The resolution is as follows: j
Resolved, That the President of the United States inform '
this House, if not incompatible with the public intercut, !
what was the objector objects of the meeting or conference i
of the American Ministers at Ostend, and whether said !
meeting or conference was in obedience to instructions j
from the Secretary of State; what ihe said instructions ;
were, and what was the result of said meeting or cooler- |
enee. i
Mr. LETCHER. Is debate in order ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not de- \
bating, but asking the consent nf the House for a j
particular purpose. j
Mr. INGERSOLL. I merely wish to report -
back, from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, J
what is known as the Ostend resolution. I
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remark to i
the gentleman from Connecticut, if this matter is
introduced, it will take precedence of his motion
to suspend the rules.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object to it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The committee have di-
rected it to be reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that it be passed.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
the gentleman from Connecticut to withdraw his
motion to suspend the rules?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the motion to suspend the rules shall
stand good, while he makes a report from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Many of ua want the
floor, and I must object.
HENRY S. SANFORD A.GAIN.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk having found the
bill, it will be read for information.
The bill, which was read in exteiiso, directs the
payment to Henry S. Sanford of certain moneys for
services and expenses as acting charge d'affaires
at Paris, from May 14,1852, to January 22,1854.
The question recurring upon the motion to sus-
pend the rules,
Mr. INGERSOLL "demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Parker and
Faulkner were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
sixty-nine in the affirmative; noes not counted.
The SPEAKER announced the motion as lost.
Mr. LETCHER. I understood the Chair to
announce ninety-nine in the affirmative, and then
I called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules; and it was disagreed to—yeas 97,
nays 71; as follows:
YKAS—-Messrs. Aborcrombip, Aiken, Appleton, Ashe,
Thomas II. Uavly, Ball, Banks, Barksdale, Barry, Belcher,
Belt, Benson, Benton, Boyce, Bristow, Bugg, Campbell,
Cliamb' rlam, Chandler, Chase, Chrisman, Clark, Cook,
Corwm, Crocker, Cummins:, Cutting, Thomas Davis, De
Witt, Dickinson, Dunbar, Eastman, Eritnanda, Edmund-
son, Thomas D. Eliot, Etheridge, Faulkner, Fenton, Plag-
ler, Flou-nce, Goodwin, Aaron Ilnrlan, YViley P. llnrris,
Haven, lhebter, Ilowe, llu«hes, Hunt, Ingersoll, Keitt,
Kerr, Lane, Latham, Lindley, McDougall, Macy, Matte-
son, Meaeham, Morgan, Noble, Olds, Mordecai Oliver,
Orr, Peck, Pennington, John Perkins, Plulps, Piingle,
Puryear, Heady, lleese, Richardson, David Ritchie, Rogers.,
Russell, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Seymour, Simmons, Frederick
P. Ptantou, Ru'lmulfl. Stanton, UestorL. Stevens, David
Stuart, John J.Taylor, Nathaniel G- Taylor, Thurston,
Uphiim, Walbridge, Walley, Walsh,Ellihu B. Washburne,
Liael Wivlibuin, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth,
Wofibjook, Witie, and ZolhenH'ci—97.
NAYri—Mess-rs, Bennett, Breckinridge, Bridges,Brooks,
Carpenter, Chastain, Cobb, Cox, Cuius, John G. Davis,
Kddy, Fuller, Gamble. Goo.le, Greenwood, Grey, Grow,
Hamilton, Aruhew J. Ilailan, Sampson W. Harris, Ilast-
Hendricks Ilrnrffllou^ton, Daniel T. Jones, George
W. Join*-, J. Glatuy Jones, Roland Jones, Kidwell, Kit-
tie<i<_'p. Know Kurtz. Lamb, Letcher, Lewis, Lilly, Linds-
ley, Lyon, McCulloch, Maedonaid, McMullm, McNair,
McQueen, Mace, Muunce, Majall, Middlebwarth,Millbon,
Murray, Norton, Packer, Parker, Peckham, Bishop Per
kins, Powell, Thomas Ritchey, Ituifiu, Seward, Shaw,
Shnvver, William It. Smith, George W. Smyth, Stratum,
Andiew Stuart, Trout, Tweed, Vansant, Walker, Hen-
driek B. Wright, and Yates—71.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the
following titles; which received the Speaker's sig-
nature:
An act for the relief of the heirs of Larkin
Smith;
An act for the relief of William Parker;
Joint resolution for the relief of Lieutenant J".
C. Cartter;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Putnam;
An art, for the relief of George J. Rallston;
An act for the relief of William Case;
An act for the relief of Sidney P. Pool;
An act for the relief of Polly Carver, widow
and executrix of Nathan Carver, deceased;
An act for the relief of William Gore;
An act for the relief of Lincoln Bates;
An act for the relief of George Elliott;
An act for the relief of George Lynch;
An act for the relief of John Cole;
An act for the relief of Eleanor Hoople, of the
Province of Canada;
An act granting bounty land to Cornelius Caffey;
An act to divide the State of Illinois into two
judicial districts;
An act for the relief of Abraham Anseman;
An act for the relief of John Brown, second, of
New Hampshire;
An act for the relief of John H. Hicks, of In-
diana;
An act to provide a pension for Edmund
Mitchell, of Carroll county, in the State of Ken-
tucky;
An act to provide a pension for Oliver Brown,
of Chemung county, New York;
An act for the relief of Lieutenant George H.
, of the United States Army;
An act for the relief of the widow and children
of Ezra Chapman, deceased;
An act to change the name of the schooner
Henry Plantagenet to that of A. G. Brown;
An act for the relief of Win. Wallace, of the
State of Illinois;
An act for the relief of Samuel McKnight, of
the State of Kentucky;
An act for the relief of Gilbert C. Russell; and
An act to continue, temporarily, the offices of
register and receiver at Vincennes, Indiana.
TREATY OF 1819.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
I move that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union be discharged from the further
consideration of joint resolution (No. 47) to fulfill
the stipulations of the sixth article of the treaty of
1819 between the United States and Spain. If
there be objection 1 shall move a suspension of
the rules.
Mr. HAMILTON. Let the resolution be first
read for the information of the House.
The resolution was read by. the Clerk. It
authorizes and directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to the persons entitled to receive the
same, or to their proper agent or attorney, the
full amount, so far as not heretofore paid, of the
damages decreed by the territorial and district
judges of the United States for losses in East Flor-
ida, under the ninth article of the treaty of 1819
between the United States and Spain, out of the
general appropriation heretofore made by the acts
of 3d March, 1823, and of 26th June, 1854, passed
to carry said treaty into effect.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object to the motion.
Mr. STANTON. Then 1 move that the rules
be suspended for the purpose which I have indi-
cated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeaa
and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended—yeas 118, nays 5$; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Abererombie, Aiken, Appleton, Thomas
H. Bayly, Ball, Barksdaie, Barry, Bell, Bennett, Benson,
G. Davis, Do Witt, Dickinson, Disney, Dunbar. Dunham,
Eastman, Edmunds, Edmundson, Thomas D Eliot, Elli-
son. fi.iiendge, JBverhait, Farley, Fenton, Flagler, Florence,
Franklin,Goodwin, Green, Greenwood, Aaron Harlan, An-
drew J. Harlan, Sampson W Harris, Wiley P. Harris, lla-
ven, Kioster, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Johnson, Kerr, Knox,
Lamb,Lindrey, Lindsley, Mace, Macy, Matteson .Maurice,
Maxwell, May, Mayall, Meaeham, Middleswanh, Morgan!
Nichols, Norton, Olds, Andrew Oliver, Peck, Peckham,
Pennington, Piatt, Preston, Puryear, Ready, Reese, Riddle.
David Ritclii", Rohbins, Rogers, Rocve, Russell, Sahin,
Sapp, Seward, Seymour, Shower, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Rollers, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard fl.
Stanton, lienor L. Stevens, David Stuart, John L. Taylor,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Tracy, Tweed. Upham,
Walbridge, Walley, Walsh, Warren, Israel Washburn
John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, and
Heridrick B. Wright—118.
J^Y,?~,Messr8' Wll!l* Allen.Banks,Belcher, Chrisman,
Oobb, Look, Cox, Craige, Curtis, Dowdell. Faulkner. Ful-
ler, Gamble, Goode, Grow, Hamilton, Hastiness Henn,
Houston, Daniel T. Jones, George W._Jones. J. Glancy
Jones, Roland Jones, Kidvvell. Kittredse. Kurtz. Letcher,
{fwis, Lilly, McCulloch, McMullm, McNair, McQueen,
Mi)Hon, Moruson, Murray, Mordecai Oliver, Orr. Packer,
w ^Cr' ^l85°P l^rkins, Phelps, Pringle, Ruffin, George
W. Smyth. btiatton, John J. Taylor, Trout, Vail, Vacant,
.biJUni 13. Washburne, Yates, and Zoihcoffer—53.
So, two thirds voting in the affirmative, the
rules were suspended for the purpose indicated.
Mr. STANTON. As the rules have been sus-
pended for the purpose, I now move that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
be discharged from the further consideration of
joint resolution (No. 47) to fulfill the stipulations
of the ninth article of the treaty of 1819 between
the United States and Spain.
