1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
em
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
I deem it necessary,as the principle involved in
this bill is of great importance, and the amount con-
siderable, to make a short explanation; although,
if the members of the House have carefully read
the report which I had the honor to make a short
time ago, it seems to me that there could be but
little necessity for any further remarks.
[Cries of" No speech !" " Letusvote!"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask my
colleague to state the amount which will be paid
under this joint resolution.
Mr. STANTON. I will come to that point in
the course of the few remarks which I intend sub-
mitting-.
Mr. JONES. I would ask my colleague to state,
in addition, whether there is or not an appropria-
tion already made under former laws for the pay-
ment of these claims; and whether, if there is not,
this bill does not, under the rules, go for consid-
eration to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union? It would take two thirds to sus-
pend that rule.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Speaker, I have set
forth in my report the laws of 1823 and 1834, on
the construction of which this case depends. The
appropriation under which these cases have been
partly paid, was made in 1823; and from 1823
down to the present time, year after year, under
that appropriation, the Secretary of the Treasury
has continued to pay them, or, at least, partly to
pay them; so that the bill before the House does
not make an appropriation, but simply directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay out of the appro-
priation already existing.
Mr. CRAIGE. The gentleman states that the
Secretary of the Treasury has been paying these
claims. Now, I would ask him whether the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, under every Administra-
tion, has nut expressly refused to pay them under
the principle now presented for the adoption of
the House; and also, whether every Attorney
General, whether of Whig or Democratic admin-
istration, has not reported against the same prin-
ciple ? They have all struck out the question of
interest entirely.
Mr. STANTON. I will answer thegentleman.
I say that this is not a question of interest. 1
hold that the former Secretaries of the Treasury
and Attorneys! General have not decided against
the principle in this case. All that the Secretaries
of the Treasury have decided, and all that the
Attorneys General have ever decided is, that the
Departments have no authority to pay interest,
except in the case of an express lav/ authorizing
it.
This is not a question of interest; and in order
to prove it, it is necessary for me to say, that the
claims in question originate under the treaty of
1819 between the United States and Spam, of
which the ninth article in the English version is
as follows:
"The United States will cause satisfaction to be made
for the injuues, if any, which, by process of law, shall he
established to have been suffered Ly the Spanish officers
and individual Spamshinhabuants by the late operation* of
the American army in Florida."
That is the case—to pay for losses sustained
which may be established by process of law. In
the act of Congress of 3d March, 1823, entitled
"An act to carry into effect the ninth article of the
treaty concluded between the United States and
Spain the 22d of February, 1819," is the follow-
ing section, whichauthorizesthesecases to beadju-
dicated by the judges of the Florida courts:
"Sec. 1. That the judges of the superior courts estab-
lished at St. Augustine and Pensacola, m the Territory of
Florida, rehpective.lv, shall he, and they are hereby, author-
ized and directed to receive and adjust all claims arising
•within their respective jurisdictions, of the inhabitants of
said Territory, or their representatives, agreeably to the
provisions of the ninth article of the treaty with Spain, by
which the said Territory was ceded to the United States."
In 183 4 another law was passed on the same sub-
ject. The judges of the Florida courts, in award-
ing these claims, after taking all the testimony that
bore upon them, gave, by way of damages, the
original value of the property destroyed, with in-
terest at the rate of five percent, down to the time,
not of the rendition of the decree, not to the pres-
ent time, but down to the time when Congress
gave the first opportunity to these parties for the
presentation of their claims. What is called in-
terest in the decrees was, in reality, a part of the
injury suffered; and was, in accordance with uni-
versal law, measured by theiate of interest which
prevailed in Florida at the time. Each decree was
an entirety, arid could not be divided upon any
principle known in the practice of the courts, or
in the adjudication of similar claims. The Gov-
ernment of the United States having chosen its
tribunal must submit to the judgment pronounced
against it, if it be disposed to maintain its treaty
obligations in good faith.
By the law of 1823 the awards of the Florida
judges were to be paid by the Secretary of the
Treasury, if found to be "just and equitable
within the provisions of the treaty." The Secie-
tary of the Treasury to whom the first case was
presented, approved the award with the following
indorsement, which I take from the public docu-
ment now before me:
"With the exception of interest, which, it is believed,
has not been allowed m claims similarly situated."
This apparently hasty and inconsiderate ex-
ception, is the origin of all the difficulty in these
cases. The same exception has been uniformly
made by subsequent Secretaries, and as they could
not justify the principle adopted upon any better
authority, they have intrenched themselves be-
hind the "usages of the Department," and the
precedent established in this case.
Now, sir, 1 undertake to say that the very re-
: verse of the Secretary's assertion is true. So far
^ from inteiest being disallowed in similar cases, I
; assert, and I challenge contradiction, that a single
; instance of a similar disallowance cannot be found
, in all the history of thus Government. No court
in Christendom has ever disallowed it in similar
cases. No board of commisxioneis ever estab-
lished, under any treaty ever made by this Govern-
ment, would have refused to allow it. Our Gov-
ernment has invariably demanded interest upon a
like claim from all other Governments, and there
could be no fair indemnity without it.
Now, sir, I beg the House to recollect that these
awards were repeatedly sent back by the Secretary I
of the Treasury for revision. The Attorney Gen- |
eral said, that although the Sectetary had no au- j
thority to send them back, yet he presumed the |
request of the Secretary of the Treasury would \
be persuasive. The awards were, therefore, fre- I
quently sent back, and the cases reexamined by ;
the Florida judges, but in all cases the decisions i
were made allowing interest up to the time when
the parties presented their claims.
Mr. GIDDINGS, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man permit me to put a question to him lor in-
formation ?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
IVlr. GIDDINGS. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Tennessee whether, by the ninth
article of the treaty between Spain and the United
States of 1819, those claims were not confined to
those whose damages had been caused by our late
army in Florida under General Jackson ? And
I wish to inquire further, whether, after the pas-
sage of the law of 1823, the Secretary of the
Treasury, or the administrative branch of the
Government, did not uniformly reject all claims
prior to General Jackson's invasion in 1819?
Were not all theclaims arising under the invasion
of General Mathews in 1812, and those under
General Jackson in 1814, uniformly rejected by
the Secretary of the Treasury, until a certain Sec-
retary in 1853, not knowing the practice which
had attained, proceeded to pay out some$30,000
of these claims? I wish to ask the gentleman
from Tennessee, also, whether the law of 1834
was not enacted to put these claims upon the
same footing as those which had been ignorantly
allowed by this new Secretary, in direct opposition
to the decisions of his predecessors ?
Mr. STANTON. It is true that, by the decis-
ions of the Secretaries of the Treasury, though |
not by those of the Florida judges, the claims |
arising under the war of General Mathews were |
rejected, and the payment of them refused at the !
Treasury Department. But the law of 1834 was I
passed to correct that evil; and I understand the j
passage of that law to be a legislative declaration j
that the claims of 1812 and 1813, were embraced ;
within the treaty of 1819. Such is the view I en- !
tertain, and such have been the views of all the !
Secretaries of the Treasury, and of the Attorneys t
General, as well as of the Supreme Court of the '
United States. And, sir, I apprehend that no one
who will look at this act of 3834, can arrive at any
other conclusion. It was intended,to place the
proper construction upon the act of 1823, and it
has been so considered ever since by all the public
authorities.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it has been said that all the
Secretaries of the Treasury, and all the Attorneys
General have decided against this claim. 1 do
not so understand it. It was decided by the Sec-
retaries of the Treasury, and by the Attorneys
General, that the Treasury Department had no
right to pay these claims for interest, as they are
improperly called, without the authority of Con-
gress, because the Secretaries considered them-
selves bound by the acts of their predecessors and
the usages of the Department to conform to the
decisions which they had given. But, sir, every
Attorney General who has given a written opinion
upon the subject has virtually admitted that the
decision is wrong in itself. 1 have before me the
manuscript letters of almost every Secretary of
the Treasury and of every Attorney General who
has given a decision upon the subject, and they
all acknowledge that they decided the matter solely
upon the ground of former decisions and depart-
mental usages, instead of the law of nations,
which is the only proper rule to be applied in
treaty cases.
Mr. CRAIGE. Do I understand the gentleman
from Tennessee to assert, that any of the Secre-
taries, or any of the Attorneys General, who have
given opinions upon this subject have decided in
favor ot the claim ?
Mr. STANTON. I did not assert precisely
that.
Mr. CRAIGE. On the contrary, have not
these officers of every Administration given their
very decided opinions against it?
Mr. STANTON. It is true, as I have already
stated, that the Attorneys General have all given
their opinions that the Secretary of the Treasury
could not pay the claim without further authority
of Congress, because they considered the Secre-
taries bound by the decisions of their predecessors.
But, sir, I have before me the original letters of
Judge Bibb, Secretary of the Treasury, Nelson,
Secretary Spencer, Secretary Corwin, Secretary
Ewing, and Attorney General Reverdy Johnson,
in which, while they hold that the Secretaries
might be bound by the decisions of their prede-
cessors, they also admit that, as an original ques-
tion, it ought to have been determined by the
general principles of law applicable to such cases,
and especially by the law of nations. For instance,
ex-Secretary Bibb, in his letter, says:
{{ The question of interest upon the vaJue of the property
destroyed al the time of the trespass, by way of compensa-
tion for the deprivation of the use of the property, was not
considered nor adjudicated by ine in these cases, but passed
sub <>tIPT)lio. *
" If the question had been stirred, I feel confident I would
not have committed so great a blunder as to have decided
that, under the treaty and the acts of Congress to carry into
oiled the treaty between the United States and Spain, an
allowance of interest, at the legal rate of the country, where
the trespass in violation of the laws of nations had been
committed, was not to be paid by the United States, as a
just compensation for depiivation of the use of the prop-
euy, valued at the time of the trespass."
Ex-Secretary Spencer is equally explicit. He
says:
" Whatever decision I made upon the question of interest
on the Florida claims, had reference to prospective interest
accruing after the award was made, or to the allowance of
interest eo nomine, and not as a measure of compensation,
at the time of the award, for the loss of property."
*******
" If f were now to give an opinion,! should say,unhes-
itatingly, that the rule of compensation m the shove cases
should be obtained from the stipulations of the treaty with
Spam exclusively, and that such rule should govern the
Department as well as the courts
Now, sir, in my judgment, the Secretary of the
Treasury had no right to refuse to carry out the
decrees of a judicial tribunal. In my judgment,
those judges could not have acted as commission-
ers. They were clothed with their authority by
an act of Congress, and not by the President of
the United States, by and with the advice and con-
gent of the Senate. Sir, commissioners are officers,
who, if appointed at all, must be appointed m the
constitutional mode. Then again, sir, if you
admit these judges to have acted in their judicial
capacity—and I am sure they could have acted in
no other—-you could not give an appeal to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, who is a mere executive
officer, who cannot be clothed with any part of the
judicial power. To attempt such a thing would
