694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
be to subvert and destroy our whole system; for,
by the Constitution, the judicial power is vested
only in the courts. Every principle of construc-
tion requires'us to presume that Congress intended
to effect a valid and constitutional thing by the
laws of 1823 and 1834. The treaty required these
cases to be determined " by process of law;" and,
•when the acts of Congress referred them to the
Florida judges, it is conclusive that it was intended
thereby to fulfill the treaty stipulation by erecting
a judicial tribunal for their adjudication. If this
reasoning be correct, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury had no authority to review the decisions,
except so far as to see that they were "justly and
equitably within the provisions of the treaty;" in
other words, that they were within the jurisdic-
tion of the court—a point which every ministerial
officer has a right to determine.
Now, sir, the amount involved in these claims
is made an objection to their payment. That
amount is a little over one million of dollars. I
hear gentlemen around me say, that if this prin-
ciple is to be acknowledged, we shall have to pay
ten, twenty, or a hundred millions of dollars;
that every old claim will be brought up, and
interest demanded on it. Sir, if there are any
other claims in the position of these, I am not
aware of it. But if there are any other claims
which, by treaty stipulations of this Government,
have been submitted to a judicial tribunal for
adjudication, and the decrees of that judicial
tribunal awarding damages have been divided,
and a part paid and a part rejected—I say, if there
are any such cases a^ that on the record, then
they ought to be paid, even if they amount to
#100,000,000.
Mr. Speaker, I have quoted, in the brief report
which I have made—because I did not deem it
necessary to go very minutely into this nffatr—all
the authorities, or,at least, many of the authorities
which bear upon the case. Sir, I have shown
you that our Government has always recognized
the justice of such claims as these; 1 have shown
you that every judicial tribunal which has sat upon
them has given the same measure of damages. 1
challenge the production of the authority of any
respectable court that has decided upon a different
principle. Wearenowa great commercial people.
Our commerce floats upon every sea on the face
of the globe, liable to depredations, especially from
belligerent Powers. If we refuse to recognize these
claims, we ought at once to announce to the
country, and to our merchants, that whenever
their commerce is preyed upon, whenever their
property is stolen or destroyed, we will not demand
the measure of damages which we have heretofore
always demanded. We must abolish a great
principle of the laws of nations, and until we do
that, we stand dishonored as lepudiating a just
debt of this Government, which has been adjudi-
cated by one of its tribunals, in pursuance of the
provisions of one of its solemn treaties.
Mr. Speaker, gentlemen all around me warn
me that I ought not to pursue this subject fur-
ther.
Mr. CRAIGE. I would ask the gentleman
whether one dollar this claim is for principal—
whether it is not all for interest r
Mr. STANTON. Every dollar has been
awarded by the judicial tribunals of the country.
Mr. RICHA&DSON. I would ask the gen-
tleman whether the court, in rendering judgment,
rendered judgment for so much, with interest for
such a time?
Mr. STANTON. Yes; with interest up to the
time when there was an opportunity to present
the claims before the commission.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The interest was a part
of the judgment ?
Mr. STANTON. A part and parcel of the
judgment. I now demand the previous question.
[Loud cries of " Question !"]
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman will withdraw
the demand for the previous question.
[Loud cries of " No l" " No !"]
Mr. STANTON. I cannot withdraw it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to present a point of
order in connection with this bill, but I do not
know whether this is the right time to present it.
This bill makes an appropriation, or a reappro-
priation, which is the same thing, and therefore
it requires a two-third vote to *ave it from that
examination in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union which our rules require. I
do not know that this is the right point at which
to raise the question of order.
The SPEAKER. This is the right point, for
the reason that the House is almost on the point
of voting upon ordering the bill to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, sir, the gentleman
from Tennessee refers, in his bill, to the act of
1823, which is given in his report. I have not got
it before me, but it makes an indefinite appropria-
tion. If the Chair, however, will turn to the sub-
sequent law, he will find that all of these appro-
priations outstanding were put back into the
Treasury.
Mr. WASEIBURN, of Maine. What is the
question before the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama has a right to make a question of order on
| this bill, and to explain his point of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 am not debating it. -I am
] merely presenting my point of order. I call the
attention of the Speaker to the fact that, some thir-
teen years afterwards, Congress passed another
law upon this subject, in which they made an
appropriation of money, showing that Congress
did not believe that the law of 1823 made such an
appropriation as is contended for here, in the
law of 1834 Congress again took up the subject
of these claims, and made another appropriation,
in express language, to meet them, showing that
Congress at that time did not believe that the
appropriation of 1823 was outstanding.
Mr. STANTON. I desire simply to say that
the Secretaries of the Treasury have always con-
strued the law different. The Secretary of the
Treasury has, from time to time, down to the
present day, paid the principal of these claims.;
and he would to-day pay any one of these awards
that might be presented to him under the appro-
priation of 1823. That has been the invariable
construction of the law.
The SPEAKER. The only pointin connection
with the question of order is, whether or not Con-
gress provided lor the payment of interest on these
claims? If Congress did not provide for the pay-
ment of interest, as provided for by this resolution,
then it would seem to he a new appropriation.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, the ^Secretary of the
Treasury has decidcd that interest cannot be paid
under existing; laws.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is inquiring for
information, desiring to decide the question prop-
erly, under the i ules. If the effect of this resolu-
tion is to appropriate money out of the Treasury
not heretofore appropriated, it must go to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union
Mr. STANTON. That is not the case. The
language of the law is express. A general appro-
priation was made in the act of Maich 3,1823.
The SPEAKER. What is the character of
that gen^rr.l appropriation?
Mr STANTON, It is this:
"That in all ca-es m which ««aid .indues shall decide in
favor of the claimant^, the decisions, with tho evident on
which they are founded, shall bf' hy s.nd judges reported to
the Secretary of the Treasury, who, on being ^atistied that
the same aie justly and oqim.ibly within the provisions of
said treaty, ^hall pay the amount thereof to the person or
persons in whose favor the same art; adjudged, out of any
money in the Treasury not otUeiwise appropriated."
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to hear the
gentleman read half a dozen lines on the next page
of the report, showing what Congress thought
upon the subject.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is mistaken about the law of 1836. The
first section of that law did make an appropriation
for a few cases previously decided in favorof these
claimants, but the second section provides for the
adjudication of all future cases to be presented to
the board, and the Secretary of the Treasury has
always paid the awards made under^that second
section out of the appropriation made by the act
of 1823. The appropriation in the first section
was made simply for those cases that had been
rejected by the Secretary of the Treasury. The
second section provides for the adjudication of
other cases, and the Secretary of the Treasury
has always paid the awards in those cases without
any appropriation being made, other than that
made by the act of 1823.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has made these
inquiries in the hope of getting at the facts which
would govern the case. If the resolution appro-
priates money, it must be considered in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the stateof the Union. If
this joint resolution be merely explanatory of an
act appropriating money, it need not go to the
Committeeof the Whole on the state of tlie Unicn,
Mr. STANTON. Exactly; and it is merely
explanatory.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to call the
attention of my colleague [Mr. Stanton] to the
provision of the act of 1823. It authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay the award of
the judges, if the Secretary be satisfied that the
same is justly and equitably within the provisions
of the treaty. Now, sir, 1 wish to ask tuy col-
league, if the Secretary of the Treasury has not
paid every dollar of these awards which he con-
sidered to be justly and equitably within the pro-
visions of the treaty ?
Mr. KERR. I rise to a point of order. This
is a debate on the mam question after the pre-
vious question has been called for, and therefore
is out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state, that
remarks of gentlemen must have a bearing upon
the question of order only.
Mr. JONES. My object is to show that this
resolution does make an appropriation, and
therefore my remarks apply to the question of
order. If the Secretary of the Treasury, being
vested with the discretionary power to revise the
decrees of these judges, has paid all that he, in his
discretion, thought the claimant entitled to, under
these awards and under the treaty, then there is
no money in the Treasury appropriated for the
payment of the balance of these claims; and in
order to pay such balance, this resolution must
make an additional appropriation.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Speaker, my friend
and colleague [Mr. Jones] must see that his state-
ment goes to the whole merits of this case. Now,
1 take these words of the act to be just the same
as if it had said that the Secretary, on being satis-
fied that these claims are justly and equitably
within the provisions of the treaty, is to pay the
award—not a part of the award—but the whole
award. Now, the Secretary has decided that
these claims are justly and equitably within the
provisions of the treaty, but he has paid only a
part of the award, and not the whole of it, as the
act of 1823 directed him to do.
[Loud cries of " Question !" " Question !"]
Mr. ORR. Has the question of order raised by
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
been decided yet ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not yet de-
cided the question of order, the Chair not having
had time to look particularly into the various acts
having a bearing on this question. The Chair is,
however, inclined to think that this resolution is
rather in the nature of an explanatory law.
Mr. KERR. Certainly it is.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, I have the law
now before me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would like to
hear it read.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I refer to the sixteenth
section.
The section was read by the Clerk. It pro-
vides, that in respect to any sum which shall have
remained'unexpended, on any appropriation other
than that for the payment of interest on the funded
debt, for the payment of interest upon and reim-
bursement according to contract of any loan or
loans made on account of the United States, for
the purpose of a sinking fund, or for any purpose
in respect to which a longer duration is specially
assigned by law, for more than two years after
the expiration of the calendar year in which the
act of appropriation shall have been passed, such
appropriations shall be deemed to have ceased,
and the sum so unexpended shall be carried to an
account on the books of the Treasury, to be named
the surplus fund.
Mr. DUNHAM. I do not think that that law
has any bearing on this case, because as it is a
continuing appropriation until the claims are paid,
there clearly has not been anysurplusin theTreas-
ury to carry to the general fund.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the subject be debatable,
I desire to reply to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Dunham,] by saying that this law makes its
own exception, and the only exception m which
the money not carried back to the surplus fund is
to be applied.
