1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
695
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to say one word in
reference to this joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be pleased
to hear the remarks of the gentleman from Omo,
if the House consent.
There being no objection—
Mr. DISNEY. It is apparent from the phra-
seology and the terms of the law of 1823, that
there is no specific appropriation for this pur-
pose, no setting apart of any fixed, determinate
and named sum. It merely authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay, out of any money m
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, these
awards. Now, I ask the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Houston-,] how is it possible to
turn the whole Treasury back into itself? IIow
can there be a lapse, sir, of a sum not specifically
set apart? There never has been yet a separation
for this appropriation from the funds of the Treas-
ury. And until such separation shall have taken
place, by virtue of an act making a specific and
determinate appropriation, the extension of the
general act of limitation for two years cannot
apply. There is no application of the law of this
case as to any definite fixed sum, nor can there
be in such case, where the charge is general that
the officers of the Government shall determine
claims. The act simply is, that the Secretary of
the Treasury shall pay, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, such awards
of the judges as he shall deem to come justly and
equitably within the provisions of the tieaty.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
Congress passed an act authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay, out of any money in the
Treasury, such awards as he should consider to
be justly and equitably within the meaning of the
provisions of the treaty of 1819?
Mr. DISNEY. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The judges awarded inter-
est; the Secretary of the Treasury has not seen fit,
or did not consider it proper, under the law, to
pay the interest. This resolution, the Chair un-
derstands, is to explain how the law was meant
by Congress to be interpreted, and is not an
appropriation in the sense the gentleman from
Alabama puts it.
Mr. STANTON. I desire simply to say, that
I hold in my hand the opinion of the Attorney
General of the United States on this subject.
[Loud cries of" Question !" " Question !"]
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Stanton] will withdraw his demand
for the previous question.
[Cries of " No !" " No !" and <( Question !"]
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. ORR. This bill proposes to appropriate
$1,000,000, or upwards, and we should have some
discussion upon it. I hope, therefore, the gentle-
man will withdraw his demand for the previous
question.
The demand for the previous question was not
withdrawn.
Mr. ORR. Then I move that the House do
now adjourn; and on that motion I call for tellers.
Theyeas and nays weredemanded, andordered.
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to a privileged motion,
that when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet
to-morrow at eleven o'clock, a. m. To-morrow is
set apart, by the special order of the House, for
the consideration of business reported from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and I hope the
House will agree to my motion, so that we may
have time to get through with the business of that
committee.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. BOCOCK. But is not the question a priv-
ileged one ?
The SPEAKER. The House can adjourn
over&r three days at a time, but it cannot change
the fixed time of meeting unless by the unani-
mous consent of the House.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Orr's
motion; and there were—yeas 61, nays 112; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Barry,
Benton, Bupa, Chamberlain, Cha-tain, Cbrieman. Clark,
CMingman, Cobb, Cook. Craige,-John G. DaviK, Dowdell,
Eastman, Eddy, Elii*on, Flagler,Good**, Hamilton, Samp
son W. Harris.*, Hastings, Haven, Ilcnn, Ilibbaid, Darnel
T. Jones. George W. Jones, J. Glariey Jones, Roland
Jones, Kid well, Kittredse, Kurtz, Leieher, Lilly, McCul
lough, McMullm, McQueen, Middle-warth, Millson, Mor-
gan, Murray, Noble, Olds, Orr, Parker, Bishop Perkins,
Phelps, Prinze, Ruffin, Russell, George W. Smyth, Strat-
um, And.ew Smart, David Sumit, John J. Taylor, Thurs-
ton, Vail, Wade, Wakh,and JMmel B Wright—61.
Davis, I)e Wiu, Dickinson, Di^nev, Dunbar, Dunham,
Edmnnds, Edmund^on, Thomas D. Eliot, English, Ether-
id?e, Everhart, Farley, Faulkner, Femon, Floience,
Franklin, Goodwin, Green, Greenwood, Grey, Grow,
Aaron Harlan, Andrew J Harlan, Wiley P. Harris, Iliester,
Hill, Houston, Howe, Hushes. Hunt, Kerr, Knox, Latham,
Lindley, Ltndsley, McDougall, Mace, Macv, Matteson,
Maurice, Maxwell, May, Ma\all, Morrifou, Nichols, Nor-
ton, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Peck, Pennington,
John Perkins Phillips. Pratt, Preston, Puiyeai, Ready,
Reese, Riehardson, Riddle, David Ritchie, Thomas
Ritdiey, Robbins, llogeis?, Kovve, Hahin, Sage, Sapp, Sew-
ard, Shower, William Smith, William R. Smith, Frederick
P. Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Hestor L. SteveiiN John
L.Tajlor, Nathaniel G Taylor, Ttacv, Tiout, Upham,
VValhndge, Walker, Walley, Elhhu I). Wabhbume, Israel
Washburn, John Wentwoith, Tappan Wcntworth, West-
brook, Witte, Y.itee, and ZolheoH'er—112.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
seconding: the demand for the previous question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Upon what is the pre-
vious question demanded?
The SPEAKER. Upon ordering the resolu-
tion to be engrossed and read a third time.
The question was then taken; and, upon division,
there were—68, noes 62.
Mr. OLDS demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Stuart, of Ohio, and Per-
kins, of New York, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 85, noes 63.
So there was a second to the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. H1BBARD. 1 move that the House ad-
journ; and upon that motion I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Witte and
Peckiiam were appointed.
The quesiion was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 72, noes 76.
Mr.HIBBARD demanded the yeas and nays;
which were oidered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
86, nays 89; as fol!ow&:
YEAS—Meshrb. Aiken, Willis Allen, Barksdale, Barry,
Belcher, Benton, Bncock, Boyee, Bugy, Chamberlain,
ChriMn.m, Clark, Chnginan, Cubh, Cook, Cox, Craige,
John G. Davis, Thomas Davis., De Wiu, Dowdell, East-
man, I'ddy, Edimmd-on, Ellison^ Florence, Fuller, Gam-
ble, Gidumgs, Good'1, Greenwood, Grow, Hamilton, Samp-
son W. Hatns, Hastings-, Haven, Ilenn, Ilibbard, Houston,
Hughe4-, Johns-on, Daniel T. Jouee1, Gt or c VV. Jones, J.
Glaney Jones, Roland Jones, Kutredize, Latham, Letcher,
Lewis, Lilly, McCulloch, Macdonald, MoMulhn, Mc-
Queen, Million, Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Noble, Orr,
Packer, Parker, Peck, Bi-hop Perkins, John Perkins,
Phelps, Pre-ton, Ptingle, David Ritchie, Ruffin, Russell,
Sage, William Smith, George W. Smvth, Sollers, Straiton,
Andrew Stuart, D ivid Stuart, John J. Taylor, Vail, Van-
sant, Wade, Walsh, Elhhu IJ. Washburne, John VVent-
worth, and Hendnck Wright—£6.
NAYS—Mfs-sr* Appleton, Hall, Bell, Bennett, Benson,
Bhs-s, Breckinridge, liml^es, Burrow, Campbell. Carpen-
ter, Caruthers, Chandler. Cha^e, Corwin,Crocker, Cullom,
Culling, Dickinson, Dwiey, Dunbar, Dunham, Edmands,
Thomas D Eliot. Enehsh, Eiheridge, Everhart, Farley,
Faulkner, Femon, Goodwin, Green, G«ey, Aaron Harlan,
Andrew J. Harlan, Wiley P Harris, Jin ster, Hill, Howe,
Hum, Kerr, Knox. Lindley. Lirid-U:\, McDougall, Mace,
Macy, Matteson, Maui ice. Maxwell, May, Mayal^Niehols,
Norton, Aridicw Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, l'eckham, P« n-
niugton, Pratt, Puijear, Re.uly, Rcc-e, Thomas Ritehey,
Rogers, Rowe, Saimi, Happ, Seward, Seymour, Shower,
William R. Smith. Fiedern k P. Stanton, Richard 11. Stan-
ton, Hector L. Steven*, John L Taylor, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Tracy, Trout, Cph.un, Walbridge, Walker, Wal-
ley, Urael Wa-hburi, Tappan Weniworth, Westbrook,
Witte, Yates, and Zolhcoffer—89.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. ORR. i move to lay the resolution upon the
table; and upon that motion I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON. I now move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. FAULKNER. I appeal to the gentleman
from Maryland to withdraw that motion for one
moment, in order to allow me to give a notice to
the House.
Mr. H AMILTON. Is it a notice only ?
Mr. FAULKNER. It is simply a notice.
Mr. H AMILTON. I then withdraw my mo-
tion for that purpose.
Mr. FAULKNER. I have been struggling to
get the floor to-day for the purpose of making a
motion to have next Wednesday set apart for the
consideration of the Army appropriation bill, and
the bill to increase the Army. 1 have not suc-
ceeded in doing so, and I now simply desire to
give notice to the House that, in consideration not
only of the urgency of this public measure, but oq.
account of my being necessarily absent next week,
I will ask that Wednesday next be set apart for
the consideration of these bills.
Several Members objected.
While the treaty bill was under consideration,
A message was received from the Senate, by the
hands of Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, inform-
ing the House that they had passed Senate bill
(No. 633) for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Gerard Wood, deceased; in which
they asked the concurrence of the House.
Mr. HAMILTON. I now move that the House
adjourn.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
And the House thereupon, at fifty minutes past
three o'clock, adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 13, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The following enrolled bills were severally
signed by the President/)^ tempore, they having
previously received the signature of the Speaker
of the House:
An act for the relief of Lieutenant J. C.Cartter;
An act for the relief of the heirs of Larkin
Smith;
An act to change the name of the schooner
Henry Plantagenet to that of A. G. Brown;
An act to divide the State of Illinois into two
judicial districts;
Ah act to continue temporarily the offices of re-
gister and receiver at Vincennes;
An act for the relief of Samuel McKnight, of
the State of Kentucky;
An act for the relief of William Wallace, of
Illinois;
An act for the relief of Lieutenant George H.
Paige, of the United States Army;
An act to provide a pension for Oliver Brown,
of Chemung county, New York;
An act to provide a pension for Edmund Mitch-
ell, of Carroll county, in the State of Kentucky;
An act for the relief of John Brown, second, of
New Hampshire;
An act for the relief of John H. Hicks, of Indi-
ana;
An act for the relief of Abraham Ausman;
An act for the relief of John Cole;
An act for the relief of George Lynch;
An act for the relief of George Elhot;
An act for the relief of George J. Rallston;
An act for the relief of William Gove;
An act for the relief of William Parker;
An act granting bounty land to Cornelius Cof-
fey,
An act for the relief of Eleanor Hoople, of the
Provino.e of Canada;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Putnam;
An act for the relief of Sidney P. Pool, of the
State of Maine;
An act for the relief of Lincoln Bates;
An act for the relief of Polly Carver, widow
and executrix of Nathan Carver, deceased;
An act for the relief of William Case;
An act for the relief of Gilbert C. Russell; and
An act for the relief of the widow and children
of Ezra Chapman, deceased.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. WADE presented the credentials of the
Hon. William H. Seward, chosen by theLegis-
lature of the State of New York a Senator from
that State for six years from the 4th of March,
1855, when his present term will expire. The
credentials were read, and ordered to be filed.
Mr. MORTON presented the credentials of the
Hon. David L. Yulee, chosen by the Legislature
of the State of Florida a Senator from that State
for the term of six years from the 4th of March,
1855; which were read, and placed on file.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore kid before the
