696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,.
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, in compliance with & resolution
of the Senate, further correspondence in relation
to the balance dock, basin, and railway at the
Pensacola riavy-yard; which, on motion by Mr.
Morton, was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
FETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of A. H.
Mechlin, in behalf of the families of the officers
and crew of the United States schooner Sea Gull,
praying that the same relief may be extended to
them as has been granted by acts of Congress in
similar cases; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented the petition of Ja-
cob Cutter, R. C. Cutter, Horatio Coffice, and
Charles W. March, sureties of Charles W. Cut-
ter, late navy agent at the Portsmouth navy-yard,
praying to be released from liability on their
surety bonds; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BROWN presented the memorial of Len-
man & Co., practical engineers, proposing to
contract with the Government for supplying the
city of Washington with water, on a plan cheaper
and more effectual than any yet proposed; which
was referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. GEYER presented the memorial of Adam
D.Stuart, late inspector of the customs for the
district of Michilimackinac, praying to be released
from a judgment obtained against him by the
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS PROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred
a bill to establish a semi-monthly line of steamships
from San Francisco, in the State of California, to
Puget's Sound, in the Territory of Oregoq, re-
ported it back with an amendment in the form ef
a substitute.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred additional documents
in the case of Mrs. Lewright Browning, submit-
ted a report, accompanied by a bill to continue
half-pay to Mrs. Lewright Browning for a further
term of five years; which was read, and passed to
a second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
memorial of Richard S. Coxe, praying to be
allowed remuneration for legal services rendered
as counsel for the Post Office Department, submit-
ted a report, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom the
subject was referred by the annual report of the
Postmaster General, reported a bill to provide for
the greater security of valuable letters conveyed
in the mails of the United States; which was read
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. MALLORY,from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of G.
A. Magruder, of the United States Navy, pray-
ing to be allowed the difference of pay between a
lieutenant and captain during the time he acted as
captain, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for his relief; which was read and passed to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Captain James Mc.
Mcintosh, praying compensation for losses sus-
tained by the wreck of the United States schooner
Firebrand, in 1819, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief; which was read, and
passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of C. W. Reed and
others, citizens of Sackett's Harbor, asking for
the removal of the obstructions in that harbor,
caused by the gravel washed there from Navy
Island, on account of the trees being cut down by
order of the United States Government; and also
the removal of the decayed hulk of a United States
brig of war lying in the harbor; and also the con-
struction of a dock, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill for the removal of obstructions from
Sackett's Harbor; which was read, and passed to
a second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Surgeon J. Winthrop
Taylor, of the United States Navy,.praying to be
allowed the difference of pay between the grade of
assistant surgeon and that of surgeon, during: the
period he was acting in the latter grade, submitted
an adverse report thereon; which was agreed to,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of Maria Stevenson, praying to be allowed the
commutation pay to which her husband, George
Stevenson, was entitled for services as a surgeon's
mate in the general hospital, during the revolu-
tionary war, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill for her relief; which was read, and passed to
a second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the heirs of John De
Treviile, for commutation pay, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for the relief of the heirs and
legal representatives of Captain John De Treviile,
deceased; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SLIDELL, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to whom was referred a petition of
citizens of Illinois, in relation to a subterranean
telegraph from St. Louis to San Francisco, asked
to be dischaiged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to, the Senate having passed a
bill of a like character.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of the Board of Trade of the
city of Cleveland, Ohio, praying the construction
of a ship canal around the falls of Niagara, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referied the petition of E. G. Chambers and
others, proposing to construct a wagon road be-
tween the Mississippi river and the Pacific ocean,
upon certain conditions, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the select committee on the Pacific rail-
road; which was agreed to.
LIGHT-HOUSES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN presented the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing lbr the
buildinic 'if linlit-houses nt Crescent City and Trinity Bay,
111 the State of California.
NEW POST ROUTE.
Mr. BELL submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Ucsolccd, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads inquire into the expediency of establishing a
post route between Pans, in the State of Tennessee, and
Elm Tree, la the same state.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CLAYTON asked and obtained the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill for
the relief of William Hunter; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. GWIN asked and obtained the unanimous
consent of the Senate to introduce a joint resolu-
tion in relation to manifests in certain cases;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHASE asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to
increase the compensation of the collectors of the
customs at Toledo and Cleveland, Ohio; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, asked and
obtained the unanimous consent of the Senate to
introduce a bill for the relief of Katherine M.
Hamer, widow of General Thomas L. Hamer;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WADE asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce the fol-
lowing bills; which were read twice by their titles,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce:
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Conueaut, Ohio;
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Ashtabula, Ohio;
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Fairport, Ohio;
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Cleveland, Ohio;
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Huron, Ohio;
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Sandusky City, Ohio; and
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor at the mouth of Black river, Ohio.
Mr. MORTON asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill for
the continuation and completion of the surveys
for a canal route across the Isthmus of Florida^
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, asked and obtained the
unanimous consent of the Senate to introduce a
bill to continue the improvement of the harbor of
Dubuque, on the Mississippi river, in the State of
Iowa; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. GWIN asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to
complete the fortifications at Fort Point, and on
Alcatras Island, in the harbor of San Francisco, in
the State of California; which was read twice by
its title, and ordered to lie on the table for the
present.
EMIGRANT PASSENGER VESSELS.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the bill for the better
protection of life and health onboard of passenger
ships, was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
WILLIAM HAGERTY.
Mr. CHASE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred House
bill for the relief of William Hagerty, to report it
back with a recommendation that it pass, and to
ask for its consideration at this time. I will state
that it is a bill for the relief of a laborer who has
been engaged in grading the streets of this city,
whose claim for relief is certified to by the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings, and by the engineer
in charge of the work. The committee believe it
to be perfectly just, and one of those claims that
ought to be acted on at once.
There being no objection,theSenate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the bill.
Its object is to direct the payment of £964 80 to
William Hagerty, in full payment of his claim for
grading the street around the Capitol inclosure.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ST. PETER'S RESERVE.
Mr. STUART. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to report back, without
amendment, the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives to amend the act approved the 26th of
August, 1859, entitled, " An act to reduce and
define the boundaries of the military reserve at
St. Peter's river, in the Territory of Minnesota J'
and for other purposes. As there is no repre-
sentative from that Territory here, I ask unani-
mous consent now to consider the bill. It is rec-
ommended in all its parts, and indeed prepared by
the General Land Office. There is no objection
to it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It proposes to amend the act of August
26, 1852, so that the lands authorized to be sold
at public sale by that act, shall be subject to the
operation of the laws regulating the sale and dis-
position of the public lands; but where any of the
lands are claimed by preemption, under secthSnent
and cultivation, made prior to the passage of this
bill, proof and payment shall be made within
three months after its passage, it further pro-
vides that the llev. C. J. Geer shall be authorized
to enter certain lots in the Minneapolis land dis-
trict, at $1 25 per acre.
Mr. CHASE. I wish to inquire of the Senator
who reported this bill from the Committee on
Public Lands, whether it is a bill to reduce the
military reservation at Fort Snelling?
Mr. STUART. It is not to reduce it. I will
