702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
like to make invidious comparisons, but I must
say, that ( have seen some men'a heads which
were so thin that they put me in mind of a one-
story-and-a-half house, a very thin and narrow
one, with the gable end turned to the street. You
may judge what contents such a building can hold.
[Laughter.] An idea is prevalent, with Indian
Commissioners particularly, that, they are the
fathers proper of all the Indians in the country,
dead or alive, created or to be created; and that
no one has a right to circumvent, to cheat, to
delude, or to mislead an Indian, or to contract
with him, but themselves. I do not say that such
is the case with the present Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, but 1 fear there is too much ten-
dency that way. Why is it, I ask you, sir, that
the Indian Commissioner claims the exclusive right
to contract with the Indians ? Why is it that he
says that he alone can, by his secret emissaries,
prepare a treaty here in Washington city, send
out a commissioner, or agent, or any person that
he sees fit to name, order him to allow no white
man to be present on the council ground, to allow
no man to know when a council is to be held,
take with him the articles of a treaty, and compel
the Indians to sign it; and then turn round and
say that a contract,made in the open, broad blaze
of day, made and remade, approved by every
officer of the Government then in power, is a
fraud, is tinctured with fraud, and ought not to
be paid ? This gentleman made a contract, on an
application to liim by the Indians, the circum-
stances of which I will narrate.
A treaty was made by Mr. Medill, while Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, buying out a large
extent of the territory of the Menomonee Indians.
He was instructed by President Polk lo pay not
less than eleven cents an acre for their land. It
was estimated that it would amount to a large
sum. He went out among them; he held a
council; he estimated the sum to be paid them
at the amount which was allowed, paying them
twelve or twelve and a half cents an acre. His
instructions were to pay not exceeding eighteen
cents, and not less than eleven cents an acre.
When the aggregate sum of money to be paid the
Indians was made up, they protested. They said
they had a larger country than that. They pro-
tested that he was not paying them for the whole
of their country; but they were no surveyors;
they could not survey and tell the exact amount.
They could only judfe of the extent of the coun-
try by the number of days it took them to travel
over it. They were ignorant and unlearned. When
the gross sum was figured up it was said to them:
"There is your money, and the consideration for
all your land." They were dissatisfied; and they j
afterwards sent a delegation to this city to inves-
tigate the matter, and to see whether they had not
ceded more lands than were paid for by the United
States. That delegation met with Mr. Thomp-
son, the claimant here, who is an astute, learned,
and honorable lawyer. He was for a number of
years a member of the other House. He was
employed in some capacity under President Tay-
lor's Administration, with a view of making cer-
tain Indian treaties, and attending to the removal
of certain Indians. These Indians became ac-
quainted with him; they came to him, and asked
him to allow himself to be employed by them.
The delegation of chiefs from the Menomonee
tribe, who came here to investigate their wrongs
under the treaty made by Mr. Medill, asked him
to accept their employment, to dig up from the
hidden archives and rubbish of the Government
the evidence of their claim. They gladly and
willingly laid aside evidence of their wrongs in the
Department, in order to shame the Government
out of what was justly their due. lie made a
written contract with those chiefs, they having
full power so to do, being delegated to come here
to investigate their claims, fie went with the
contract to the then Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, who approved it. He went to the then
Secretary of the Interior, who approved it, and
recognized it. The Attorney General then in
sjffiee had previously published an opinion that
guch contracts were valid. An order hail been
made before, when the present Secretary of State
was Secretary of War, recognizing such con-
tracts. lie had all possible assurances therefore,
that the contract was valid, and would be carried
out This gentleman has labored assiduously
for four years in the prosecution of the claim. A
memorial was sent in by him, as attorney for
this tribe of Indians, setting forth the short pay
received for their territory, and that a larger sum
was due to them. At first the Committee on In-
dian Affairs reported against it. Two years ago,
however, near the close of the session, the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker,]
who was, and is a member of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, made an able and learned, and, I
may say, a perfect report upon the difference be-
tween the amount to which the land would come,
estimated at the number of cents per acre which
the treaty stipulated should be paid, and the sum
that was actually paid. As I have said, the com-
mittee, at first, reported against the claim; but Mr.
Thompson went to them and asked them to take
it up and reinvestigate, and reexamine it. He
showed them the plats, and the Government sur-
veys, and the diagrams; and he showed how many
acres were within the lines sold by the Indians.
The committee took up the matter again, and, as
I have said, the Senator from Wisconsin made a
long and able report, in which he showed that
there was over $613,000 due the Menomonee In-
dians for the territory ceded by the treaty of 1848,
which had not been paid for by the Government,
estimating at the rate per acre which it stipulated
to pay. It may be recollected, by many Senators,
that just at the close of the session two years ago,
perhaps on the very last day, that Senator made a
strong and lucid speech in support of the claim;
but inasmuch as the sum was large, as the hour
was late, and the're was no time to investigate it,
he consented to withdraw it for the time being.
This report, however, had been made, and the
indebtedness to which I have alluded was shown
to exist.
What was the next step? Mr. Manypenny
came into office; and what did he do5 I do not
charge it to his detriment, for, perhaps, it may re-
dound to his credit; but he sent out a secret agent
to make a secret treaty with the same Indians to
whom Mr. Thompson had shown plainly there
were over $600,000 due, with instructions that that
agent should allow no white man to know when the
council was to be held, and that he should per-
mit no white man to put his foot upon the council
ground, that he should not allow their employed
and accredited attorney to be present to advise
them as to whether they were being cheated or
not, and especially that Mr. Thompson, their
agent, (who had shamed the Government, and by
his influence and exertions had obtained an ac-
knowledgment in one branch ot it, and that, per-
haps, its highest branch, that we honestly owed
the Indians over $600,000,) was not to be atliberty
to be present. Hearing, by accident, that such an
agent had been sent out, Mr. Thompson, who was
in the city when he left, immediately followed him
to MiKvaukie, and there he had a conversation
with him. He desired to go with him into the
Indian country. lie offered to say nothing to the
Indians, but that the interpreter should explain
everything to the Indians for him, and he would
leave them to do precisely what they wanted to do
uninfluenced and undirected. He was told, how-
ever, by that officer appointed to make a treaty in
secret, " you cannot go; I will not let you know
I when the council is to be held, and you especially
' are forbidden to be there." Mr. Thompson turned
round and came back to this city.
What was the result of it? Not a new treaty
to pay the Indians $613,000, but a treaty to pay
them $150,000, and they were compelled to sign it
as a relinquishment of all claims, although the
Committee on Indian Affairs of this body had
shown, beyond all cavil—jiiere could be no doubt
of it in a court of justice—that the evidence was
conclusive as to the indebtedness, by this Govern-
ment, of ^613,000 to these Indians. It is charged
now that fraud is committed by attorneys, and
j that Indians are got drunk to induce them to sign
j contracts. What, sir, is so broad a badge of fraud
as secrecy and seclusion—undertaking to treat
with a man half enlightened, half civilized, with-
out allowing him to have a counselor or adviser?
I know of none so broad.
Well, sir, a treaty was made, as I have des-
cribed, stipulating to pay them $150,000 in full for
their claim of §613,000, and, if my memory serves
me well, the stipulation was to pay them in stocks
of the United States, payable in 1867—thirteen
years off—without any yearly interest at all in the
meanwhile, which was tantamount to paying them
nothing. What are stocks worth, bringing no
interest, and no dividends, having thirteen yeara
to run ? We all know they are good for nothing.
Can you sell them in market for anything ? Surely
not. Simple interest on their face value would, in
the course of that time, almost amount to the
whole principal.
This, then, is the care which this beautiful guar-
dian takes of the interest of the Indians! Does
it not look as if he feared, perhaps, the presence
of the attorney employed by them, whose char-
acter is as pure as the Commissioner's, at least,
and who, so far from inducing an Indian to drink
liquor, does not drink it himself, nor would not,
under any circumstances, place the baleful glass
to his lips—a man who neither drinks himself, nor
advises others to drink. One hundred and fifty
thousand dollars was provided, in a.secret treaty,
to pay an acknowledged debt of $613,000. After
that treaty was known, and was sent here, Mr.
Thompson returned to the Menomonee Indians—a
tribe who, according to my recollection, havecon-
ferred a proud title on him, have adopted him aa
a chief in their nation, and have given him the
euphonious name of the " Big Coon"—no doubt
in their language a very honorable and creditable
title, but perhaps not so in ours, in reference to
the past history of that animal. [Laughter.]
As I have said, Mr. Thompson returned to his
clients. That a perfect confidence exists, and has
existed, between these Indians and him, there is
not a doubt; a thousand evidences of it are in my
possession. The Indians regard him as their best
friend, as he has shown himself to be. By hia
exertion he procured the acknowledgment, at any
rate, of the debt of $613,000, and compelled the
stipulation to pay $150,000. As soon as this treaty
was known, Mr. Thompson went to the Indian
country, and there, in the presence of their agents
and interpreters, their full-breeds and their half-
breeds, a council was called together to affirm or
disaffirm, change, alter,abrogate, or cut down, as
they saw fit, the contract he had made for compen-
sation for services. Theie, in full council, in the
presence of the chiefs, his agreement was signed
by every chief and head man of that whole nation •
•—a thing that Mr. Manypenny cannot boast for
his treaty, because two of the leading chiefs of the
tribe refused to sign his midnight or secret treaty.
Every one of them came forward and signed a
renewed agreement, a renewed memorial, a re-
newed request to the President, their Great Father,
that their honest and faithful attorney should be
paid pursuant to the stipulations of their former
agreement.
As another evidence of the indefatigable exer-
tions of this gentleman, I may allude to the fact
that having returned to this city while the Senate
were yet in session, he drew up and presented to
my colleague [Mr. Bright] and myself, a long
letter setting out the whole history of the transac-
tion, and that letter was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs when this treaty came in, with
u view of their considering it with reference to an
amendment to be proposed to the treaty by that
committee. In consequence of the plain and un-
deniable statements of this attorney, we did in-
crease that pitiful sum of §150,000,192,000 more,
directly in the face of the treaty made by this
special guardian of all the Indians. The Senate
amended the treaty by adding to it $92,000, thus
providing for the payment of §242,000 instead of
the $150,000 stipulated for by the treaty made by
their especial friend and guardian.
Who then has befriended these Indians? The
present or former Commissioner of Indian Affairs ?
Who is it that has taken from them $600,000
worth of land at eleven cents an acre, without re-
ward and without compensation ? Who is it that
has sent to them a stealthy commissioner to induce
them to take §150,000, payable in 1867, (which is
just like issuing so many moonbeams and worth
nothing more,) for an acknowledged debt of
$613,000? Sir, it is not their agent or attorney,
but their kind hearted guardians who have done
this.
Mr. Thompson objects to the reference of this
case to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs. While
he does not charge that officer with corruption, he
does charge that he is biased; that unheard, he
has been prejudged by him. He proposes to refer
it to an officer known to be the most close-fisted
over the Treasury of any man who now is, or for
years has been, charged with any fiduciary or
