THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d cokgitess, 2d ses«5iov.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1S55.
New Series....No. 45.
in my judgment, sustain no loss by his removal,
and 4 think the Government would survive!
Why has he been selected here? This agent
was, in former times, a member of the House of
Representatives. There are certain connections
growing out of old familiar friendship, in times
past, between the agent and the First Comptroller;
and I doubt not, sir, that the opinion of that
Comptroller is known now with regard to this
claim. 1 have 110 idea that my friend from Mis-
sissippi would select a particular officer because of
his knowledge of his opinion; but I undertake to
say that, in my judgment, it would not have been
presented in this form if the opinion of that Comp-
troller had not been known. [ cannot otherwise
account for passing over the Comptroller who has
ordinarily the charge of all accounts of this kind.
The reasons given are by no means satisfactory
to me.
Mr. President, if you will look at the report, you
will find that the claim which the agent alleges he
has had allowed amounts to $242,000. That is to
be paid in fifteen annual payments to the Menom-
oneelndians,commencingintheyearl867. Now, !
eleven years before the Indians can obtain any por- '
tion of this money, it is proposed that the Govern-
ment of the United States shall pay, out of its own
Treasury, the demands of this agent. Thereisthe
proposition. There is not a dollar of the $24*2,000
to be paid until the year 1867; and then it is to be
in fifteen annual payments, which will amount to
alittle over $16,000 per annum; butyoa propose,
by this amendment, at the present time to pay the
•demands of this agent against the Menomonee In-
dians.' So far as these Indians have entered into
a fair contract with the agent, I am willing that he
shall receive a just and liberal compensation for
whatever services he may have rendered; but i
■cannot, for the life of me, see how it is, that the
Secretary of the Interior, and the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, who have no sort of interest in
the result, should be prejudiced against a just and
fair claim. 1 desire to nave the agent paid a just
and reasonable compensation for all the services
which he rendered in adjusting the accounts of
these Indians; but I am not willing to leave this
question to the First Conptroller of the Treasury.
Mr. BROWN. There are some considerations
connected with this claim to which \ would invoke
the attention of the Senate, and invoke it most
earnestly. Theattempt is bring made to produce
the impression that the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs is perfectly willing to deal fairly with it.
Against the idea that he is willing to deal fairly
with Thompson m this case, I enter my protest;
because he has voluntarily set forth in his report
to the Senate that Thompson is entitled to no re-
ward for his services; and I repeat, what I have
said once or twice before, and what I wish to
impress upon the mind of the Senate, that for that
declaration there is no foundation in justice or in
truth. Thompson prosecuted a claim against the
Government, in the name of the Indians, which
claim had been rejected by this same Commis- 1
sioner; and he prosecuted it successfully to a point
where the Government acknowledged it was due, i
and paid it Then, sir, were not the Indians the !
recipients of the benefits of his services? I say
nothing as to whether the Government ought to
have paid the money. Thompson was the attor-
ney; the Indians were the clients. He prosecuted ;
the case to a point where they recovered a large ;
sum of money which the Government had denied ;
it owed them. They got the money; or it now ,
stands to their credit in the Treasury of the nation. ;
in consideration of this service, the Indians ask :
that their attorney shall be paid. They recognize i
the justice of the claim. They feel that they have \
been benefited; and in their native simplicity, and :
allow me to say? Mr. President, in their native >
honesty, they ask that their attorney shall be com- ,
pensated. Who interposes ? The Commissioner ■
who had first decided that the Government owed 1
nothing:, and whose decision, through theagency of.
Thompson, was overruled, and the indebtedness of,
the Governmentacknowled^ed, and thatindebted-,
ness paid, or at least, passed to their credit in the !
45
Treasury. Now, will anybody pretend to say
that Thompson, in all this, has not rendered essen-
tial service to the Indians, for which he is entitled
to be paid?
Mark you, Thompson has not come here and
asked you to pay him according to his contract
with the Indians. That is not the proposition
before the Senate. He says, in the exercise of
youV authority over these people, if you choose,
disregard the contract, but pay me according to
the value of my services. I have rendered ser-
vices to the Indians. They acknowledge it. The
Committee on Indian Affairs acknowledge it.
Every man, woman, and child in all Christendom
acknowledges it, except the Commissioner of
Indian Afftirs. From hisunjustdecision I appeal.
I appeal to some man who shall be an impartial
arbiter in the transaction, to determine what my
services are worth The Indians are willing to
pay him one third of what he recovered. Thomp-
son says, freely 1 abandon the contract, if you
will pay me what my services are worth. And,
Mr. President, I stand up here to-day to tell you,
upon the authority of as honorable a man as has
ever served m Congress,Richard W.Thompson,
himself, that he expended $10,000 m the prosecu-
tion of this claim. Yes, sir, in money, and in
the neglect of his private business, he told me,
not fifteen hours sincc, that he was willing to
swear before high Heaven, he had sacrificed
$10,000 in the prosecution of the claim. And
now when you have acknowledged that you owed
the money to the Indians, and have paid them,
the Commissioner comes in and says Thompson
is entitled to nothing for his services. I want to
state one fact, and I want the Senate to mark it.
Richard W. Thompson, (who has but one fault
that I know anything about, for in all the social
relations of life, in everything which constitutes
the accomplished gentleman, I find no fault in him
—he has but one fault, and that is a grievous one
—he is a Whig; and I shall not be suspected of
standing up here to advocate his claim because he
is a Whig,) told me, and authorized me to state
it in his name, that, in a transaction with the In-
dians, they were anxious to pay him what they ac-
knowledge they owe him, but armed soldiers were
placed around the paying table, and at the point
of American bayonets the Indians were denied
the privilege of paying to him what they individ-
ually acknowledged they owed him! Thirteen
armed American soldieis were placed round the
paying table to prevent the Indians paying what
they acknowledged they owed to this man. More
than that, sir; the very money which they had
received per capita was taken from their hands by
whisky sellers, when they v/ere so drunk that
they did not know to whom it was given. Yes, sir,
an honest Indian was denied the privilege, at the
point of the h .yonet, of paying a debt which he
acknowledged he owed; and then the money was
taken from his hands by whisky sellers, when he
was in a state of drunkenness.
I do not make this statement upon my own
responsibility, but upon the responsibility of
Richard W. Thompson, the claimant in this case,
who, for many long years, served his State in the
Congress of the United State?, and was known
to the old members as a man of as high honor as
any who served in Congress.
My friend from California objects to the selection
of Mr. Whittlesey in this case, and wants to know
why the First Comptroller was selected. I have
explained once ortwice, and I now explain again,
that he was selected because lie was supposed to
be the most stringentof all the accounting officers
of the Government. But I say now that if any
other accounting officer shall be preferred, strike
out the FirstComptrollerand puthim in. I would
as soon have any other officer of the Government
as Mr. Whittlesey.
Mr. CLAYTON. Will mv honorable friend
from Mississippi allow me at this moment to men-
tion one fact ? it has been stated, in the course of
the debate, by some gentlemen on the other side,
that the First Comptroller and Mr Thompson had
served together in the House of Representatives,
and that seemed to be considered as some reason
why this claim was desired to be referred to the
First Comptroller. I wish to state that Mr. Whit-
tlesey left the House of Representa'ives before
Mr. Thompson became a member of it, and they
never served together in the House.
Mr. BROWN. I know nothing about that;
but I take it for granted that a matter of that sort
ought not to incapacitate a man; but if it be a mat-
ter of serious objection to his settling the account,
strike him out and put in the Second Comptroller,
or any one else. If 1 dreamed for one instant
that there was a purpose of selecting a particular
man because he is favorable to the claim, I would
rejQct the whole proposition; but since the Senator
from California has suggested that there may be
some understanding, I shall move, myself, to strike
out, "First Comptroller," and insert "Second
Comptroller," because I do not advocate any claim
here when there is the least possible chance to
suspect that there might be fraud in it, or any im-
proper purpose against the Government in any
way. 1 therefore shall ask, at the conclusion of
my remarks, to strikeout the words, "First Comp-
troller, " and insert, "Second Comptroller."
A Senator. You can modify your amendment.
Mr. BROWN. My friend suggests that I can
modify my amendment. I shall do so, I there-
fore strike out " First," and insert " Second."
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to make an inquiry
of the honorable Senator, arising from a remark
of the Senator from California. Will not the
effect of the amendment be to cause the payment
to be made by the Government, by anticipation,
to the agent of these Indiana, out of the money
which will not be due until 1867 ? In other words
are we not to pay the agent whatever sum the
Comptroller or other officer decides his service
entitles him to, as soon as that decision is made,
although the money is not due to the principals
until 1867 ?
Mr. BROWN. That, sir, is the fault of the
Government. It is on account of their arrange-
ment that we have postponed the payment of the
debt to the Indians so long. It is only anticipating
the payment of this amount of money for a few
years.
Mr. BAYARD. It is only allowing the party
eleven years interest; that is all.
Mr. BROWN. Then you are entitled certainly
to charge the interest to the Indians. If you anti-
cipate the payment in advance and pay it, unques-
tionably you have the right to charge the interest
to the party on whose account you pay it. Sup-
pose the Senator from Delaware owes me a sum of
money which is not due until 1867; and I draw
upon him to-morrow, and he pays it, to whom
will he charge the interest ? To me, as a matter of
course. If, therefore, you pay the money on the
order of the Indians, you charge it in the same
way. 1 do not appreciate the importance of that
objection.
But I am moreanxious to have a vote upon this
proposition than I am to discuss it. There were
some considerations connected with it that I felt
bound, injustice to myself and to the claimant, to
present, and especially in reference to the objection
made by my friend from California, which went,
to some extent, to the competency of the First
Comptroller. That I have corrected, by putting
in "Second Comptroller," and if that be not
acceptable, I will put in anybody else, so that it
be some one who is not committed in advance
against the rights of the claimant. I do not care
whether it be the First or Second Comptroller, or
the First, Second* or Third Auditor, or who it is;
anybody who will take hold of the case and settle
it fairly and tiuly, according to the law of the
case and the obligation, will answer. That ie all
the claimant asks, and if he asked anything more
i would net stand up here to advocate his cause. ^
Mr. DAWSON. Before the Senator takes his
seat, I desire to ask him a question. Do 1 under-
stand that there were other persona employed
beside Thompson?
Mr. BROWN. I never heard of anybody ex-
cept Thompson.
