706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
Mr. PETTIT. No, sir, there was no other.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
in the chair.) The Chair will state, that the
Senator has modified his amendment by striking
out " First" and inserting "Second."
Mr, BROWN. 1 do that with the understand-
ing that this Comptroller has expressed no opinion
on the matter, one way or the other.
Mr. ADAMS. I shall not detain the Senate.
I only wish to notice the objection raised by the
Senator from Delaware. If I understand the pro-
vision of the amendment it only amounts to this:
The Government, by a treaty, acknowledges it is
indebted, payable some ten or eleven years hence,
in a sufficient sum to pay this debt which the chiefs
acknowledge to be due to Thompson. The prop-
osition now is, that the Government shall antici-
pate that time as we have been proposing to antic-
ipate the debt of Texas, and pay it now. There
is the loss of interest, the Senator from Delaware
says. It is not so, as I understand it. We have
the money now in the Treasury, and I would
rather pay every dollar of the annuity which we
owe the Indians, if we could extinguish the debt,
out of the surplus in the Treasury than keep the
money there. Years hence we may not have the
money as we have now. That is the whole proposi-
tion. The Indians acknowledge that they owe the
debt. We acknowledge that we owe them more
thanthatsumof money. We, by the amendment,
"Will agree to pay it, though not by our contract
with them. The money due to them will not be
paid for eleven years; and they ask the Govern-
ment to pay their debt to their agent. Under all
the circumstances of the case, as it has been pre-
sented to the Senate to-day, it would seem to be
a strong objection to anticipating the payment of
the debt, not according to the contract with them,
but according to the decision of a disinterested
officer, (who has formerly expressed no opinion
whatever in reference to it,) he being authorized
to allow a reasonable compensation for the services
rendered.
I draw a distinction between the claims of dif-
ferent characters which are presented here. A
general denunciation of claim agents, a general
denunciation of attorneys of Indians, does not
control my action when a meritorious case comes
up of any individual, of anyelass or any character
of business. In fact, I can conceive of no occu-
pation, under the sun, of a more meritorious and
of a more elevated character than that of the man
who steps forward and lends his aid to the feeble
and imbecile in securing their rights, as, it has
been manifest, Mr. Thompson has done in their
case for the Indians in their transactions with this
Government. The Government always desires
to do them justice, but is not always informed as
to the right of the case; and it rejoices when, by
the labor of any individual, it is enabled to see the
right and perform it to the Indians. This man
having rendered the service, having spent his
money, as it is admitted on all hands, is it not
right that he should have his compensation ? The
Indians feel their obligation and are desirous to
pay it; but owing to the fact that we have so
shaped our treaty with them that they ore unable
to pay it out of the annuities secured to them by
his labor, they ask us, out of our overflowing
Treasury, to pay it in advance. That is the whole
case. I shall not detain the Senate.
Mr. STUART obtained the floor.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the Senator allow me
to say a word ?
Mr. STUART. I only wish to make this sug-
gestion: Most of this discussion has been carried
on upon the other side, and I desire an opportu-
nity to reply to it; but there is a necessity for a
short Executive session, and I move, therefore,
that the bill be postponed until to-morrow, in
order that we may proceed to the consideration of
Executive business.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to my friend that I
think we can close up the bill this evening. A
good many Senators have agreed to sit it out to-
day.
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia will consent to let it £0 over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Before the sub-
ject is disposed of, the Chair asks the unanimous
consent of the Senate to have some bills from the
House of Representatives, which are on the table,
read and referred.
Unanimous consent was given.
LIEUTENANT GENERAL BY BREVET.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the joint
resolution authorizing the President of the United
States to confer the title of Lieutenant General by
Brevet for eminent services.
NAVY DISCIPLINE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKeak, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed a bill to
provide a more efficient discipline for the Navy;
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill to remodel the diplomatic and consular
systems of the United States, was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
The bill to authorize the purchase or construc-
tion of four additional revenue cutters, was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The bill to establish an additional land district
in the State of Wisconsin, was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
The bill to authorize the printing of the opin-
ions of the Attorney General, was read twice,
and. referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill changing the time of holding the United
States courts in Tennessee, was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
BALTIMORE COURT-HOUSE AND POST OFFICE
The bill from the House of Representatives to
provide for the accommodation of the courts of
the United States in the district of Maryland, and
for the post-office at Baltimore, was read twice by
Us title.
Mr. PEARCE. That bill is identical in terms
with one which was introduced here and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, of which the Senator from Texas, [Mr.
Rusk] is chairman. There are only slight verbal
differences between the two, and I hope, with the
consent of that Senator, that this bill may now be
put upon its passage.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill.
It proposes to authorize the President to pro-
cure a suitable site or sites for a building or build-
ings for the court-house and post office in Balti-
more, and to submit to Congress, at as early a day
as practicable, plans and estimates for the con-
struction of the buildings on such sites, together
with estimates for fitting up and furnishing them,
for the purposes indicated; or if the buildings on
the sites can be remodeled so as to answer the
purpose, he is to submit to Congress plans and
estimates for such alteration, and also the esti-
mates for fitting up or furnishing them; but any
contract that he may make for an such sites, is to
be conditional and subject to the approval of Con-
gress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JUDGES WOODBRIDGE AND CHIPMAN.
The joint resolution from the House, explana-
tory of an act giving compensation to Judges
Woodbridge and Chipman, was read twice by Us
title.
Mr. STUART. That is merely to explain a
law which was passed at the last session, and is
entirely right. It limits the law of the last session.
I hope it will be considered now.
The joint resolution was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It will direct that the act
passed at the first session of the Thirty-Third
Congress to provide compensation-for the services
of George Moreli in adjusting titles to land in
Michigan, approved August 1, 1854, be so con-
strued as to give to Judges Woodbridge and Chip-
man the compensation therein provided only from
the date to the termination of their appointment
as such judges.
Mr. S TUART. The effect of the joint resolu-
tion is to limit the law which might he construed
to give them pay when they were not in office.
The effect is to confine it to the time when they
were in office.
No amendment being proposed, the joint resolu-
tion was reported to the Senate,ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
INVALID PENSION BILL.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
passed a bill from the House making an appropri-
ation for the payment of invalid and other pen*
sions of the United States for the year ending 30th
of June, 1856, and for other purposes, with
amendments. The House have agreed to two of
the amendments, and agreed to the other with an
amendment,
Mr. HUNTER. The Senate is too thin to
act upon the amendment of the House to our
amendment. 1 move its reference to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
TEXAS DEBT BILL.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill to
provide for the payment of such creditors of the
Republic of Texas as are comprehended in the
act of Congress of September 9, 1850, has been
returned from the House of Representatives, with
amendments.
Mr. RUSK. I hope they will be acted upon,
Mr. HUNTER. The Senate is too thin to act
on those amendments. 1 hope they will be post-
poned until to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They will be
suffered to remain upon the table.
ZACIIARIAH LAWRENCE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senate bill for
the relief of Zachariah Lawrence, of Ohio, has
been returned from the House with an amend-
ment.
Mr. WELLER. Let it go to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope not. I can make a
statement m a very few words which will satisfy
the Senator. The original bill provides for the
payment of a claim to the captain of a vessel.
The amendment of the House includes the- crew,
and makes provision for an appropriation to them
according: to the captain's share. I hope it will
be agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I hope it will be considered, and
the amendment concurred in. It is alt right.
The amendment was to add:
And there shall bo paid to earh of the other persons
conipoMriR the bent's civvv, eovorafly, or to their legal rep-
resentatives, ihe sum of $1,322 70, as the sharr of each it*
ihe capture of the said sloop Venture, on satisfactory proof
made to the {Secretary of ihe Treasury of their being
such persons or their legal representative*.
The amendment was concurred in.
SWAMP LANDS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill from
the House of Representatives for the relief of pur-
chasers and locators of swamp and over fiowed
lands, was amended by the Senate, and returned
to the House. The House have refused to con-
cur in the amendment.
Mr. STUART. I move that the Senate insist
on their amendment, and ask for a conference.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope it will be passed over
until to-morrow. The Senator from Illinois, who
is not now in his place, has an amendment to
offer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. WELLER. I move that the Senate take
up the order which I submitted some days ago to
change the hour of meeting.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. 1 modify the order to read as
follows:
Ordered, That on and after to-morrow y the daily hour of
meeting of ihe Senate s-hall be at eleven o'clock, a. uj.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not mean to discuss that
order, but I wish to ask for the yeas and nays on
it, and I think they had better be taken when the
Senate is fuller than it is now. 1 am entirely
opposed to it myself.
_ Mr. STUART. I hope the Senator, with that
view, Will consent to let it go over until to-morrow,
so that we may now have an Executive session.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STUART. I movetopo&tponeits further
consideration until to-morrow.
On a division, there were—ayes 16, noes 5; no
quorum voting.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
