1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
707
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 13, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
fcy Rev. William II. Mildurn.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
CORRECTION OF JOURNAL.
Mr. HIBBARD. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I observe that I am not recorded as having
voted upon the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] to suspend the rules to
allow him to introduce a motion to discharge the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
from the further consideration of joint resolution
iNTo. 47, to fulfill the stipulations oi the sixth arti-
cle of the treaty of 1819 between the United States
and Spam. I was present, and voted in the neg-
ative, and defire to have the Journal corrected.
The SPEAKER. The Journal will be corrected
accordingly.
KOCIC ISLAND AND DES MOINES RAPIDS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution of the Legislature of Iowa;
which was read, as follows:
Whorea®, the people of Iowa, of Upper Illinois, of Wis-
consin, mul of Mume^om Territory, yeatly suffer immense
losses in property, and are put to great costs .imi citarg"* in
their course of travel and commerce, by and in consequence
of tin: olMiucuons in tho Missj? ppi river known as the
Rock Inland and Des Moines rapids: And whereas, the work
do>ie on these rapids for the improvement of navigation
through and over the same, during the present >ear, has
demonstrated ihe feasibility and t'iue with winch a channel
may he eu< through said lapids ot equal depth of the river
in other point.-:
Rts-Jird, That our Senators in Congress be instructed,
and our lit prcscutanves be i> quested, to use their influence
with energy to procure tioiu t/Oiigrcss an immediate appro-
priation lur the continuation of the work on baid inpids,
and the improvement ol the channel through and ovei the
same.
Resolved, That the Governor of this State be requested
to foiwuid copies of thi-< joint resolution to our Senators
and Representatives in Congress, and to the Senators and
Representatives of the several States and Terntones
included vvuhm the valley of itie Mi^is'uppi, and a*>k their
asbioianeo nt piocuriug the appropriation heiein prayed for.
Mr. COOK. I rise for the purpose of moving
that those resolutions be referred to the Committee
on Commerce and printed ; and in connection with
this motion i wish to say a few words to the
House. It is a matter not only of vast importance
to the State which I have the honor in part to
represent, but it is a matter of vast importance to
every State which borders on the Mississippi river, j
I hold in my hand a similar joint lesolution, for-
warded to me by the Executive of my State, and
my colleague upon this floor [Mr. Henn] has
another. Our colleagues in the other end or the
Capitol have also cach one. 1 have been endeav-
oring, for a day or two past, to get the floor for
the purpose of presenting them.
Mr. WASHCURNE, of Illinois, (interrupting.)
Will the gentleman from Iowa yield me the floor
for a moment, that I may propound to the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce a question,
that the House may be put in possession of
information in lelatton to what that committee
expect or intend to do in regard to this matter?
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Several Members. Co on.
Mr. COOK. 1 stated that. I had endeavored to
get the floor tor several days to pie^ent these res-
olutions, and to call the attention of the Commit-
tee on Commerce to them. I understand that it
is determined, upon the part ot that committee,
that they will not report these bills back to the
House separately—at least such appears to be the
understanding of the House, so far as 1 have any
information.
If 1 could have got the floor yesterday, I should
have moved to suspend the rules for the purpose
of introducing a motion to set apart a day for the
consideration of the bills relating to harbor and
river improvements which have passed the Senate,
and which now he upon your table.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts, (in-
terrupting.) I desire to say to the gentleman and
to the House that the Committee on Commerce
have come to no such determination.
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to a question of order%
This is a day set apart for the consideration of
business reported from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and that business takes precedence of
other matters.
Mr. COOK. I am not in the habit of trespass-
ing upon the time of the House, and do not de-
sire to do so now, any further than to say a word
or two which I think necessary. The Chair will
decide whether I am in order or not.
The SPEAKER. These resolutions came in
by the unanimous consent rf the House. The
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Cook] made a motion
to refer them to the Committee on Commerce;
and upon that proposition, under the rules, he is
entitled to the floor to make an argument in regard
to the resolutions. The Chair will say, however,
this day being set apart for the consideration of
particular business, and the House havingindulged
the Chair in introducing them by unanimous con-
sent, the gentleman will see the propriety of at
least confining his remarks within a very limited
range.
Mr. COOK. If I had not been interrupted, I
should have finished my remarks before this time.
I did not desire to occupy more than five minutes,
and I am sorry any gentleman has thought it
necessary to call me to order.
The SPEAKER. But the Chair does not de-
cide the gentleman is out of order.
Mr. COOK. I understood the decision of the
Chair correct!y;but gentlemen upon both the right
and left have called me to order. While I do not
wish to occupy the time of the House, yet I think
this a matter of too much importance to my con-
stituents, and to the whole Mississippi valley, to
be passed over in sile.ice, or to be handed in under
the rule. My principal object in these remarks
is to ascertain the intention of the Committee on
Commerce in reference to these matters. I have
been told, outside of thid House, that the Com-
mittee on Commerce had determined that they
will not report these bills separately, but will em-
body them in one bill, similar to that of last session,
and iepoi; that to the House. As 1 remarked
before, if it wete in order to move to suspend the
rules, I should do so, but as it is not, I desite to
make an inquiry of the chairman of that commit-
tee, and that is, whether they intend to report to
the House, for its action, the bills which have
passed the Senate, and which are now upon the
Speaker's tabie ?
Mr. FULLER. I presume it is not in accord-
ance with usage, nor parliamentary, for a com-
mittee, or the chairman of t committee, to an-
nounce to the House what ne committee intend
to do or not to do. But I can inform the gentle- j
man fiom Iowa that the Committee on Commerce j
have had no opportunity to report for more than j
six weeks, and gentlemen ought to be a little j
charry of their reuiarks concerning what the Com- .
mutee on Commerce will or will not do, or what j
any other committee will do.
In reference to all these bills upon the table,
whenever I have the opportunity, i shall move to
refer them to the Committee on Commerce, but
what the action of that committee may be i can-
not say, as 1 do not know, for they have not come
to any determination as to what they will do, any
report to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. DUNBAR. As one of the members of
that committee 
Mr. SKELTON, (interrupting.) I ask for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the motion to refer
these i esolutions to the Committee on Commerce,
having been introduced by the unanimous consent
of the House.
Mr. BOCOCK. As the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Cook] asked the unanimous consent of the
House, with theremaik that he would not occupy
but a minute or two, I hope the Chair will hold
that consent as confined to that short time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asked leave of
the House to present the resolutions of the State
of Iowa, and the House gave us consent. They
are therefore before the House by its unanimous
consent, and the gentleman ftom Iowa is strictly
in order in addressing the House in regard to
them,
Mr. COOK. My motion is, that the resolutions
be referred to the Committee on Commerce; and
1 understand the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr.
Dunbar] is a member of that committee, and was
about to pay a word or two.
Mr. DUNBAR. I wish to say what I consider
will be the action of the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ORR,, (interrupting ) I think it is^ not
consistent with parliamentary propriety for a
member of a committee to rise in his place and
state what the committee will or will not do, upon *
any subject before it.
Mr. DUNBAR. An inquiry has been made
as to what will be the action of the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. The question of order is
not settled yet.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not under-
take to decide what a member of a committee may
deem proper to say in reference to the action of
the committee. But if the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Oru] raises the question, that this
particular colloquy is not strictly in order'under
the rules of debate, the Chair might decide it.
Mr. DUN BAR. I will state to the House that,
as a member of the Committee on Commerce, I
am satisfied, if these separate bills, which have
passed the Senate, in regard to internal improve-
ments, are referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, they will not be reported favorably upon,
and, therefore, those who are in favor of their pas-
sage should not vote to refer them to that com-
mittee, but, rather, to the Committee of the Whole
House. They then can be taken up by the House,
acted upon, and passed or rejected, as they see fit.
No information can be obtained by referring them
to that committee. The bills which have already
passed the Senate are for improvements which
were contained in the general bill of last session.
That bill was then before the Committee <5n Com-
merce, and was reported upon favorably by them.
I repeat, that so far as I know the hentimentsof
that committee, they will be adverse to reporting
the bills separately to the House. Therefore I
hope the friends of these bills will not refer them
to the Committee on Commerce, but to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, in order that they
may be rejected or passed by the House.
Mr. COOK. I have obtained the information
I sought, and it concurs with what I had heard
outside of the House; and for this reason I have
called the auenlion~of the House to this matter.
Mr. FULLER. I rise to a personal explana-
tion in reference to the remarks which 1 hav^just
made.
Mr. LILLY. I rise to a* point of order. I
insist that this entire debate, outside of the gentle-
man from Iowa, is out of order.
Mr. COOK. 1 do not yield to the gentleman
i from Maine.
j The SPEAKER. The Chair will be under the
j necessity of insisting that the gentleman from
Iowa confine his remarks to the propriety of com-
muting the resolutions which have been presented
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. COOK. Very well.
The SPEAKER. The Chair conceives that the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Fuller] has no right
to claim the floor at this point in the proceedings,
for the purpose of making a personal explanation.
Mr. COOK. My motion is, that these joint
resolutions from the Legislature of Iowa be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce. While I
am willing that they shall go to that committee, I
at the same timegive notice that on next Monday,
if \ get the floor, I shall move a suspension of the
rules to set apart a day for the consideration of
the subject of the improvement of rivers and har-
bors. That is a subject of great importance; and,
in my opinion,its friends should be unwilling, at
this late stage of the session, to allow it to sleep
any longer in the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ORR. I call for the previous question on
the motion to commit the resolutions.
The call for the previous question received a
second, and the main question was ordered to be
now put.
The resolutions were referred to the Committee,
on Commerce.
Mr. ORR. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the resolutions were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and to lay that motion upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the reception of reports from the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. X'liiNTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for action on a bill to which nobody
can object.
Mr. SKELTON. I demand the regular order
of business , ....
Mr. FENTON. I trust that the objection may
