1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
709
be utterly discharged from the service, without
any compensation, you have this hardship: A
young man enters the naval service when he is
fifteen years old. He studies no other business
or profession. He loses all connection with the
ordinary business of the country, if he performs
his duty faithfully, and acquires habits which
totally disqualify him for the ordinary pursuits of
life. He goes on from grade to grade, unable to
save much money, or, at least, he does not save
much, until he gets to be an old, care-worn, con-
stitution-broken veteran, unable to do service
longer. What will you do with him ? Will you
cut him off absolutely? Will you consign him to
the cold charities of an unsympathizing world?
There is something revolting in that idea. There
is something revolting in the idea that a man who
has devoted his life to the service of his country,
and by that devotion has lost all power to support
himself at any other business, should be turned
adrift, penniless and helpless, to drag out a de-
pendent and miserable old age. On the other
hand, some of the men on the Navy Register ought
never to have been there. They were unfit at
first, and have done nothing since to render them-
selves more fit, and there may be others, who, by
negligence, idleness, and dissipation, have lost
any fitness they ever possessed, and have perhaps
rendered themselves unworthy of the respect of
fjentiemen. I trust the number of such is not very
arge. I hope the House will believe that that
number is not very large. To place this class on
the same footing with the former class, would be
unjust and improper.
But before I proceed in that direction, will the
House bear with me while I cite them some cases,
on this Register which will, perhaps, open their
eyes to the necessity of this reform? Here you
have sixty-eight captains on the Navy Register
for 1854. I find early on the hst the name of a
captain from one of the middle States, who entered
the service in 1800, and has, consequently, been
in it fifty-three years and eight months. Now, for
how much of that time do you suppose that gen*
tleman has been unemployed ? He has been thirty-
five years and ninemonths unemployed,but draw-
ing his pay from the Government. He was made
a captain in 1825, now thirty years ago. How
much sea-service has he discharged since then?
Two years and one month, for which he has re-
ceived pay as captain in the Navy for thirty years.
Here is a gentleman from a southern State, who
entered the service so long ago, that he has been
in it forty-eight years and five months. Of that
time he has been unemployed twenty-four years
and one month. He was made a captain in the
year 1829, and since that time he has had four
years and six months sea service.
Here is another gentleman—butas I see there is
some sensitiveness here on the subject of the States
from which these officers come, I will say no more
about that—who has been in the service forty-four
years and one month. Of that time he has been
unemployed twenty-two years. He was made a
captain in 1838, and since that time he has done sea
service years months. Here is another
gentleman—may I say he is from the far South?—
who has been in the service forty years and three
months. During that time he has been unemployed
twenty-five years and six months. He was made
a captain in the year 1840, and how much time do
you suppose he has been employed since then ?
For the term often months. One of these gentle-
men reported himself at the Department not many
years ago, and was unknown to the Secretary.
" Oh, said he, I have had nothing to do for a long
time, and I have been down there at home amus-
ing myself in farming." [Laughter.] He was
engaged regularly in farming, but came up here
annually, or semi-annually, or quarterly to receive
his leave-of-absence pay.
Mr. RICHARDSON. What was his pay ?
Mr. BOCOCK. Twenty-five hundred dollars
a year as captain. Here is another man who
entered the service so long ago that he has been
in for forty-two years and six months. Since
then he has been unemployed twenty-one years
and eleven months. He was made a enptam in
1844, and since that time he has done not one par-
ticle of sea service. So much for the list of the
captains; but this thing is not confined to captains.
I come down now to the commanders, and 1
find a man from the State of New Jersey, who
entered the service so longagothat he has been in
it for forty-one years and five months. In all that
time, offorty-oneyears and five months,that com-
mander of the Navy did sea service for years
and months.
Mr. RICHARDSON. What is his pay?
Mr. BOCOCK. One thousand eight hundred
dollars a year, as commander on leave of absence.
Mr. WALSH. Perhaps he had a natural dis-
like to the sea. [Laughter.]
Mr. BOCOCIC. 1 could go on and cite a num-
ber of other instances of this kind; but I think it
unnecessary. The House must see that some
measure of reform is absolutely necessary. Men
not only stand there, cumbering the Navy Regis-
ter, and receiving pay for services which they
never performed, but worse still: they stand in
the way of other officers, meritorious, energetic,
and enterprising, who feel a pride in the service,
and who would do honor to the country in any
position to which they mis;ht be called.
1 was stating, a short time ago, that the diffi-
culty heretofore existing in the way of reform
has been as to the mode of getting rid of those who
are incompetent. I had stated the objection, which
was properly made, to an absolute dismissal of
meritorious old men from the service. When,
on the other hand, it was proposed to place such
on a retired hst, gentlemen rose in the Hou.se,
and said they were opposed to the policy, because
it would be establishing a civil pension system,
and would be recognizing the principle that men
might be on this roll, receiving pay, recognized as
officers, and yet not be subject to be required to
do one particle of service. Well, sir, although
that, in some point of view, seems objectionable,
yet 1 am one of those who believe it to be a lesser
evil than that which we now have; and in the
bill which I presented at the last session of Con-
gress, I provided for dropping the unworthy, and
placing the meritorious, who have become incom-
petent, on a retired hst. I accompanied this, how-
ever, with many other measures of reform, which
I think are, if not vital, at least important, and
which would have made that measure of reform,
in my opinion, the most efficient and thorough
which has ever been presented. That bill, how-
ever, was never regularly considered, and I feared
could not be during this session.
The chairman of the Naval Committee of the
Senate and myself had a consultation, a short
time ago, and seeing that we^were likely to have
very little time for the consideration of naval sub-
jects. not enough to carry a bill, of much length,
agreed to address a letter to the Secretary of the
Navy, asking him to give us his views as to some
one measure of reform which might do much to
correct the evils of which I have been speaking,
and which might yet stand a chance of passing
the Congress of the United States at the present
session. This bill, sir, is the result. It was in-
troduced to the Senate by the honorable and dis-
tinguished Senator from Plorida, who has given
naval subjects much attention, and is well informed
in relation to them—I allude to the Hon. Mr.
Mallory—and the bill passed that body without
a single dissentient voice. The bdl was then
brought into the House, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. We have amended it in
a manner which I hope will not render the bill less
acceptable to any gentleman on this floor.
The bill provides, first, that there shall be a
board of naval officers, convened under such reg-
ulations as the Secretary of the Navy may pre-
scribe, who shall inquire into the condition of the
officers on the service list of the grades of captain,
commander, lieutenant, and midshipman, and
report to the Secretary of the Navy the names
and rank of all officers of those grades who, in
the judgment of the board, shall be incapable of
performing, promptly and efficiently, all their
duty, ashore and afloat. This bill proceeds to
say that whenever such board shall have reported,
and whenever that report is approved by the Pres-
ident, all these officers shall be placed upon a list
in the Navy Register, to be entitled the reserved
list. The Committee on Naval Affairs of the House
have proposed the following amendments:
Atter the word " afloat," in the thirteenth line of the bill,
insert the following: j
And whenever said board shall believe that said iricom- \
petency has arisen from any cause implying sufficient i
blame on the part of the officcr to justify it, they shall ;
recommend that his name be stricken altogether from the j
rolls. |
Several Members. That is right. |
Mr. BOCOCK. After the word "rolls" we
propose to make a period, and commence the next
sentence thus: " Vacancies occurring in said board
shall be filled by the Secretary of the Navy,"&o.
We propose, also, to amend the second section
by inserting after the word " be," in the fourth
line, the words " dropped from the rolls or," by
striking out the word " they" in the sixth line,
and inserting in lieu thereof the words " those so
placed on the reserve list;" and in the eighth line,
after the word " placed," inserting the words "ac-
cording to the report of the board, and approval
of the President."
The effect of these amendments will be that the
second section shall, if so amended, provide that
all officers who shall be found, by the said board,
incapable of performing the duties of their re-
spective offices, shall, if such finding be approved
by the President, be dropped from the rolls, or
placed in the order of their rank and seniority at
the time, upon a list in the Navy Register, to be
entitled the reserved list, and those so placed on
the reserved list shall receive the leave-of-absence
pay, or the furlough pay, to which they may be
entitled when so placed, according to the report of
the board, and approval of the President, and
shall be ineligible to further promotion, but shall
be subject to the orders of the Navy Department
at all times, for duty; and vacancies created in
the active service list, by placing officers on the
reserved list, shall be filled by regular promotion,
in the order of rank or seniority. And officers
who may be promoted to fill the vacancies created
by the reserved list, shall, while unemployed, re-
ceive only the "leave-of-absence" or "waiting-
orders" pay to which they would have been enti-
tled if such promotion had not been made; but
when employed at sea, or on other duty, they
shall receive, in addition to such " leave-of-ab-
sence" or " waiting-orders" pay, the difference
between the leave of absence pay and the lowest
sea-service pay of the grade to which they may
be so promoted. I can explain this matter more
specifically to the House if required to do so.
The original bill, as it came from the Senate,
provides that when officers are put upon the re-
served list, they shall receive the leave-of-absence
pay, or the furlough pay to which they may be
entitled when so placed—furlough pay being one
halt' of the leave-of absence pay. There might be
a difficulty in carrying out the provisions of the
bill, as it stood, without amendment. The section
says that the officers put upon the reserved list
shall receive leave of-absence pay or furlough pay,
but who was to determine which ? Shall the Sec-
retary of the Navy determine it by his own au-
thority? That would be disagreeable. It seems
to me to be in every way better that a board shall
recommend whether a man shall be placed upon
leave-of-absence pay or furlough pay.
Mr. BENSON. Will this board of officers
have the power to say whether an officer shall be
stricken entirely from the rolls, or that he shall
receive leave-of-absence or furlough pay.
Mr. BOCOCK. They have power to make
their recommendation in relation to that matter,
and if the President approves of their recommenda-
tion it is so decided.
Mr. CHANDLER. I would ask the gentle-
man, at this point, whether it is his intention to
allow these amendments to be discussed when he
shall have finished his remarks, or does he intend
to call for the previous question?
Mr. JBOCOCIt. I do not intend to move the
previous question immediately, but shall allow
gentlemen some time to discuss the amendments I
have suggested.
Mr. PECKHAM. Who is to blame for these
officers not being in service?
Mr. BOCOCK. In some instances they them-
selves are to blame. In many instances the reason
why these officers have not been called into ser-
vice is, that there has been no service requiring
them to be called out. This creates the very
reason why this board ought to inquire into the
incompetency of an officer, whether it has resulted
from his own fault or from causes involving no
blame on his part. If it has resulted from his
own fault, then he ought to suffer the conse-
quences. If it springs from no bad conduct of his
own, then I say that he ought not to suffer for it.
The next amendment which I have to offer is in
the twentieth line of the second section, to strike
out the words " sea, or other duty," and insert in
