714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I appeal to
the gentleman from North Carolina, that he will
withdraw that demand for a few minutes, to allow
me some brief remarks. 1 will renew the demand.
Mr. ASHE. I withdraw it.
Mr. S I'ANTON, of Tennessee. I will renew
the call for the previous question m a few minutes.
Mr. Speaker, I simply desire to say, that I shall
vote for tnis bill because I believe it is a step of
advancement in the right direction, not because I
believe that it is such a bill as ought to be adopted
under the circumstances in which our Navy is
now found. When I had the honor to be a
member of the Naval Committee, I presented a
bill on one occasion which I think would meet
the demands of the country at this time better
than anything which 1 have seen presented from
any other quarter. It is simple in us provisions;
very harsh it may be, but violent diseases demand
violent remedies, if I could control this matter,
my proposition would be to strike every officer
from the list, making such reservations as might
be necessary to keep the service in order until
these changes could be made, and then authorize
the President of the United States to appoint the
proper number from among the dismissed officers
and others who may be fitted for such a position.
It is a very different thing to appoint a good man
and dismiss a bad one, especially when this thing
is to be done by a board of brother officers, sitting
as a sort of inquisition on every officer of the
service. Sir, there have, been examples in our
history of such a prowess as this; and i believe the
Navy never will be thoroughly renovated and put
on a proper footing until some such measure as
this shall be adopted.
I would also provide for those worthy men
who, under the operation of this violent proceed-
ing, may be dismissed from the Navy. I would
not leave them without a support; but I would
deal with them in the most liberal manner. And
I think, in such a measure as this, no officer in
the Navy, in whom the country lias, or ought to
have, confidence, would dread it for a single
moment.
But, as I said before, while I should prefer a
measure of reform more energetic ond thorough in
its character than this, I shall vote for this bill,
because it is one step in advance towards the ob-
ject desired. In compliance with my promise to
the gentleman from North Carolina, (Mr. Asiie,]
I nosv renew the call for the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man will not now call for the previous question;
1 desire to submit a few remarks.
Mr. STANTON. I have no control over the
matter; it is m the hands of the gentleman from
North Carolina.
Mr. SMITCI. [ would appeal, then, to the
gentleman from North Carolina to withdraw his
call for the previous question for a few moments.
Mr. ASE1E. It is late, and there is, besides
thip, another important measure upon which the
Naval Committee desire action. Therefore, the
gentleman must pardon my insisting upon the call
for the previous question.
The cull for the previous question received a
second, and the mam question was ordered to be
now put.
Mr. BOCOCK. Mr. Speaker, under the rules
I am entitled to an hour in which to close the de-
bate on this bill; but I do not propose occupying
the whole of that time. I have been a little mor
tified at the very singular objection which the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ciiakdle&] has
made against the amendment I have proposed to
the bill! Sir, I should be the last man to desire
an inquisitorial board to sit upon the officers of the
Navy, or upon any other officers in thecountry, if
there were any other way by which we could reach
the great and crying evil upon us. Here are in-
competent men—men standing in the way of
energy and talent. How can we get rid of them ?
If you required the Secretary of the Navy, or the
Prebidentof the United States, to strike off the
list officers oftheNavy, withoutany tribunal what-
soever to pass on their fitness and character, would
it not be infinitely worse than what is here pro-
posed ? Here you give them upon this board five
of each grade—five captains, five commanders, and
five lieutenant*—who are to be selected by the
Secretary of the Navy and the President of the
United States. If officers were selected to try
those above them, they would recommend the
removal of all of them, so that they might secure
their places. No officer is to act in the case of
a man above him. With that exception, these
fifteen men are to sit on this matter, and make
recommendations to the President and Secretary
of the Navy in relation to it.
Now, what is the thing to which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania objects? Here you come to a
man who is unqualified, if there be any such—and
although I have great regard and respect for the
Navy, though I am one who believes that it has
always been equal to the exigencies of the coun-
try, when called on to discharge a particular duty,
yet 1 hold it is not an impossible thing that there
may be in the Navy a man without qualifications,
who has been devoting himself to his own busi-
ness, and dissipating until h^Jias become unwor-
thy of the position of an officer in the navai pro-
fession. When this purifying board gets to such
a man, they are bound to make some recommend-
ation. What shall they recommend? If they
cannot recommend that he be dropped from the
list, then they must recommend that he be put
upon the reserved list. But does the gentleman
desire that such a man, who has been rendered
incompetent for service by his own folly, shall be
placed upon the reserved list? Shall he be placed
there among the old and war-worn veterans who
have always been ready for duty, and who have
borne our flag in triumph upon many a sea and
through many a fight? Shall such incompetent
men be put in company with those praiseworthy
veterans? The board must make rome recom-
mendation; they must recommend either that these
incompetent men be dropped from the list, or
placed among the old veteians upon the reserved
list.
Mr. CHANDLER. I merely want to say, in
reply to the gentleman from Virginia, that I
would have that man, whether he has been tilling
his farm at the South, or catching fish at the
North, out of the service, if he is reported incom-
petent by this committee, I would have him
allowed the right to come forward, if he could,
ond disprove the accusation—to show that, in-
stead of being negligent of his duties, he had been
a constant applicant to the Department, or an
occasional applicant even, for service. Under
the system which once prevailed, when the Se-
cretary of the Navy had a son, or uncle, or
cousin, who wanted service, he received it, while
others were turned aside, with the remark, that
they suffered no injury, no wronst, they being
allowed their pay, and to pursue their ordinary
avocations. 1 would have that considered. I do
think that the blame may be sometimes in the
Department. If it be, let the man who is charged,
have an opportunity to disprove the charge, or tU
least, to show that he was willing to do what he
was not allowed to do. \ only ask for justice ut
the hands of ihe committee.
Mr. BOCOCK. When justice calls, I am
always ready to respond, i believe that, at last,
there is but little difference between the gentleman
from Pennsylvania and myself. He holds now,
as I thought he held at first, that this unworthy
man, if there be any such, ought not to go upon
the reserved list, among the meritorious old veter-
an?, of whom 1 have spoken. Then the question
arises, how shall we get rid of them ? The only
way is the one which has been suggested. Let
this board make their recommendation. And the
error which seems to lurk in the mind of my
friend from Pennsylvania, which I cannot get at,
although I have attempted to reach it three or
four times, is, that the action of this board is
final and conclusive. Itisnotso. Theymakea
recommendation to the President. If they make j
a recommendation that the officer shall be dropped ;
from the list, he can go before the President, and j
say, if he can, "Sir, this recommendation has ■
resulted from partiality, from enmity,from hatred, |
or from somethingof that sort. I can show from j
the record that I have been always ready to dis- j
charge my duty." i
But, sir, if these fifteen men would so conduct j
themselves as to make a false recommendation to |
the President, do you suppose the President i
would follow their recommendation, when these j
men came before him and proved that the recom- i
mendation was made upon a false statement of!
facts > This bill gives no more power for remo-'
val than is now given under the existing system, j
The President has now the power of removal, and :
if this bill passes it will give him the same power,
with the advice of these fifteen men.
As to this amendment 1 care very little about
it; I am for the bill with the amendment, and 1
am for it without it. I am desirous, tne people
of the country aredesirous, that something should
be done for the Navy, that something: should be
done«to uplift our flag, that it may float aloft as
proudly as it did in the palmiest days of the Re-
public.
The House then proceeded to vote upon the
following amendments, reported by the Committee
on Naval Affairs; all of which were agreed to;
First amendment:
First section, line twelve, after the word " duty,'' insert
the word " both," so as to make it read :
And shall report to the Secretary of the Navy the names
and rank of all officers of the said grades, who, m ihe judg-
ment of the f«aid board, shall be incapable of performing
promptly and efficiently all their duty, both ashore and
afloat.
Second amendment:
First section, thirteenth line, after the word "and,"
insert:
Whenever caid board shall believe that said incompe-
tency has arisen from any eau«e implying sufficient blame
upon the part of said officer to justify ii, they shall recom-
mend that his name be stricken altogether from the rolls.
Third amendment:
Second section, fourth line, after the word "be," insert
the words " dropped from the rolls, or," so as to make it
read:
That all officers who shall be found by the said hoard
incapable of performing the duties of their respective offices,
rank?, or grades, .-hall, if mch finding be approved by the
President, be dropped from the rolls, or plac< d, in ihe order
of Ihnr rank and seniority at the time, upon a list in the
Navy Register, to be entitled the reserved list.
Fourth amendment:
Section two, line &i\, strike out the word u they," and
in«ert "those so placed on the reserved list," so as to make
it read :
And those so placed on the reserved liH shall receive
the leave of absence pay or the furlough pay to whiefrihey
may be entitled when so placed.
Fifth amendment:
Second section, line eight, insert the words " according
to the report of iho board, and approval of the President,"
so as to make it read :
And those so placed on the reserved list shall receive
the leave-of absence pay or the furlough pay to winch they
may be rnmlrd when so placed, according to the report of
the board and approval of the Prebident, and bhall be ineli-
gible, &.C,
Sixth amendment:
Section second, line twenty, strike out the words (( sea
or ether duty," and insert " Ihe lowest sea service," so as
to make it read :
IJnt when employed at Pea, or on other duty, they shall
receive, in addition to such " leave of absence" or " wait-
ing-orders" pay, the difference between the "waiting
orders" or " leave of absence" pay, and the lowest sca-
service pay t^f the grade to which they may be so promoted.
Seventh amendment:
Section two, hne twenty four, strike out the word?
" parsed midshipmen and masters," and insert "masters
and parsed muMupmen," so as to make it read :
Piuvulcd, That tins scrutiny and reservmon of officers,
Miall extend only to ihe grades ol explain, commander
lieutenant, masters, and passed midshipmen.
Eighth amendment:
Insert in the last proviso of the second section, so as to
make it read, as follows :
JindprovidedfnrtAWf Thatall vacancies occurring In the
grade of masters shall be filled by the promotion of he pernor
passed midshipmen—to be entitled masters in the line of
promotion—who, when promoted, shall rcceive ihe pay
allowed by law to master-?$ that the number of masters m
the hue of promotion shall not excecd sixty, &c.
Ninth amendment:
Section three, in line five, after the word <{ resignations,"
insert the words " m the naval service," arid in ihe seventh
line, after the word " place," insert the word " any," so as
to make the section read :
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it, further cn«c'c(f, That nothing in this
act shall be onstnied to reluct, apply t >, or impair the
regular promotion opDfficers in the s-ervice list oi ihe navy
who may he at any time. enti.led to promotu n— consequent
upon deaths, dismissal*, or resignations in the naval service
—norm any manner to abridge or impair the right of the
Secretary of the Navy to place any officers upon furlough.
Tenth amendment:
Insert at the end of the bill", the following :
Sec. 4. jJndbeit fur'her cnactcd, That nothing in this
act shall be so confined as to increase the agaregate num-
ber of officer*, and that all laws, or clauses of law?, so far
as th y conflict with the provisions of this act are hereby
repealed.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. BOCOOIt. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the passage^of the bill.
The previous question was seconded j and the
main question ordered to be now put.
