1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
717
Eflnendment. I believe that amendment to be legit-
imate. You, Mr. Chrirrnan, have decided it to
be legitimate. I come here now to secure thereby
to the GovernmentoftheUnited States$1,COO,000,
which should be otherwise cast away. The sale
of this property would put into the public treas-
ury of Memphis not less than $500,000 in cash;
and yet the citizens of Memphis are willing to
abandon that advantage, and have patriotically
proposed to abandon it, and to restore the navy-
yard property to the country.
Mr. WALSH. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Tennessee one question. Since the
locality of Memphis enjoys the admirable advant-
ages of which the gentleman speaks, how does it
happen that they have not turned them to account,
and established a ship-yard of their own?
Mr. STANTON. 1 can inform the gentleman
from New York upon that point. They have
made use of their advantages, and steamboats are
built there every year, i have said all I think
proper to say upon this occasion, and will now
yield the floor.
Mr. SOLLERS. I am a member of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and 1 never saw this bill
before to-day. If it has been reported from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, it was without my
knowledge, and certainly without my consent.
Mr. BOCOCK. My friend must be aware that
there were several meetings of that committee at
which he was not present.
Mr. SOLLERS. And there were several meet-
ings of the committee, too, at which the chairman
himself was not present. I never gave my sanc-
tion to the introduction of this bill, which pro-
vides, as I see by examining it, for building seven
steam sloops of war. At the last session of Con-
gress a law was passed authorizing the construc-
tion of six steam frigates*, and it occms to me that
all this great appropriation for naval purposes is
perfectly preposterous and uncalled for by any
present urgency in the condition of our affairs. I
have never been able to comprehend, for a single
moment, the necessity of this immense organi-
zation and increase of our Navy. We are at
peace with all the world, occupying an entirely
neutral position in the present struggle going on
in Europe, and there is nothing, certainly, in our
position at present, which calls for this great in-
crease of our sloops of war. I care not how hotly
war may rage around us, my motto is, let others
fight, we will beat them all. But where is the
necessity for this great increase of our naval force ?
Are our shores invaded by any hostile force? Is
our coast exposed to attacks from the sea? Bat
yet, although there is no danger threatening us
from any quarter, here is a proposition introduced
by the chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs to expend a million of dollars in the construc-
tion of seven sloops of war. And for what pur-
pose? Is there any prospect of a war with any
nation upon the face of God's earth? There is
none.
But my friend from Virginia says, that there is
an immense fund in the Trea&uiy that may be
used for purposes of corruption and bribery, unless
diverted to some other purpose. Why, in the
good old times, we never heard of such a thing.
Has it come to this, that a Democratic chairman
of one of the regulaily constituted committees of
this House recommends such an immense appro- \
priation from the funds of the Treasury of the |
United States, as is contemplated by his bill, lest \
they be diverted to corrupt purposes by a Demo-
cratic Administration ?
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman will bear me
witness that I alluded to what was going to hap- •
pen in the next Congress, when his friends, the j
Know-Nothinss, would have control. i
Mr. SOLLERS. Whatever he may say of the |
Know-Nothings, they know enough to preserve i
the integrity of the Union, and they will never !
take the step which he recommends, rmike an j
appropriation of immense sums of money for such !
a purpose us this, lest the funds of the Tieasury '
should be converted to purposes of bribery and ;
corruption. He may talk as much as he pleases [
about what the Know-Nothing party are going to j
do, they will have vigor and purity enough not to !
make appropriations of money upon that ground, j
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a question of order, j
I submit that this grave discussion in reference to
the sentiments entertained by a political organiza- j
tion has nothing to do with the bill before the 1
committee, and for that reason I submit that the
gentleman from Maryland is out of order, espe-
cially as the House yesterday passed a resolution
confining all debate in Committee of the Whole to
the question under consideration. I regret exceed-
ingly to raise this point of order upon the gentle-
man. I have not spoken upor^the subject, much
as I desire to speak in regard to naval reform, on
account of the small amount of time which has
been set apart for the consideration of these naval
bills.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairholds thegen-
tleman as in order, as speaking to the point.
Mr. SOLLERS then proceeded in, and con-
cluded, his speech, in opposition to the bill. His
remarks, withheld for revision, will be published
m the Appendix.
Mr. SEWARD. I move the following amend-
ment:
Pec. —. And be it further onctcfrd, That for the purpose
of protecting our naval vessels, and better providing for the
common defense, as well as facilitating our foreign and
domestic commeice, the following sums of money be, and
the same are hereby, appiopnated, end to be paid out ot'any
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and to
be expended under the superintendence of the Secretary
| of War, for the repair, preservation, and improvement of
I the following works, heretofore commenced, under the
I authority of law: The sum of §525,000 {or the lmprove-
| mentof the harbors on Lakes Chaniplain, Ontario, Eiie,
I St. Clair, Huron, Superior, and Michigan ; and in the lol-
i lowing proportions, to wit: $23,000 for Lake Ohamplain.
§100,000 fur Ontario, ,$100,000 for Erie, ,$100,000 tor St.
Clair and Huron combined. $100,000 for Superior, and
$100,000 for Michigan.
For cominumL' the improvement of the channels at the
I mouths of the Mississippi river, §330,000 5 and it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of War to apply said sum to the
opening and keeping open of said channels, by contract or
otherw ise.
For continuing the improvement of the Savannah river,
Georgia, $"/050U0, to lemove obstructions placed in said
rivci, m ihe revolutionary war, tor the common defense.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor o( Charles-
ton, South Caiolma, .$70,000.
For continuing the improvement of the navigation of
the Ohio, im hiding the repair of the dam at Cumberland
I>lai:d, $iy0 0G0; .*100,0i)0 of which .sum to be expended in
the improvement of the navigation of said river above the
falls.
For continuing the improvement ofthe harbor of Mobile,
Alabama, at Dog River bar, Choctaw pass, and to the lower
flat, $100,000.
Fur continuing the improvement of the navigation of the
Patnp«eo river, Maryland, from FortMcHenry to its mouth,
,$40,000, '
Mr. ASHE. I rise to a question of order. I
submit to the Chair that the amendment is entirely
out of order, as it is not germane to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to this bill for the reason that the class of vessels
to be provided for are designed to be constructed
with a certain draught of water to suit them for
southern harbors, and it is proposed to expend
$1,000,000 to accomplish that object. I think it
would be infinitely better to take that $1,000,000
and appropriate it to the improvement of our har-
bors, so that a larger class of vessels might enter
them, than to undertake to build vessels adapted
to the condition of our harbors East or South.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. If the- gentleman from
Georgia will yield to me I will submit the motion
that the committee rise. He will retain the floor
for to-morrow, to conclude his remarks.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 yield to the gentleman for
that purpose.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. It is now near four o'clock,
and 1 move that the committee do now rise.
Mr. WALOR.IDGE. Does that motion include
the reporting of the bill ? Jf it does not, 1 move
that the committee rife and report the bill.
The qile^tion was taken on the motion; and it
was agreed to, there being, on a division, ayes
seventy-three, noes not counted.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the state of the Union generally
under consideiation, and particularly, under the
special order, House bill (No. 743) to authorize
the construction of seven steam sloops of war,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move the usual resolution to
terminate debate on House bill (No. 743) within
five minutes after its consideration shall be again
resumed in the Committee of the Whole.
[Cues of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. J30C0CK. I am willing to change the
time if any gentlemen desire to speak upon the
bill.
Mr. SOLLERS. Is debate in order on the
motion to adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. It ia not.
The question was put on the motion to adjourn,
and upon a division there were—ayes 72 
Mr. KERR. I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
JWr. FLORENCE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The Chair then counted those in the negative,
and found only thirty-two.
So the motion to adjourn was agreed to.
Thereupon (at four o'clock) the House adjourned
till to-morrow at twelve, ra.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 14, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, copies of the correspondence between the
Secretary of War and the Secretary ofthe Inte-
rior, in relation to the military reservation at Fort
Leavenworth, and the alleged interference of cer-
tain Army officers with the"rights of the Delaware
Indians; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating an abstract of offers received by
the bureau of yards and docks, for furnishing ar-
ticles falling under the cognizance of that bureau,
for the year ending the 39th June, 1855; with an
abstract of offers for furnishing the navy-yard at
Pensacola, for the year ending the 30th June, 1854;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. COOPER presented the petition of C. M.
Berry and others, citizens of Pennsylvania, pray-
ing an appropriation for the accommodation of the
custom-bourse and other public offices in Philadel-
phia; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Oifice and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of Howell Evans and others,
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying an appropriation
for the accommodation of the custom-house and
other public offices in Philadelphia; which waa
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Eliza Whit-
ing, widow of Brevet Brigadier General Henry
Whiting, late assistant quartermaster genera! in
the Army, praying an equitable settlement of her
husband's accounts, and also that she may be
allowed a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. BRODIIEAD presented the memorial of
Edmund Du Barry, a surgeon in the Navy, pray-
ing to be allowed certain arrearages of pay; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
IWr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred a bill to amend
an act entitled " An act to provide for the payment
of horses and other property lost or destroyed in
the military service of the United States, "approved
March 3, 1849, reported it back with an amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill for (he relief of Katharine M,
Hainer, widow of General Thomas L. Hamer,
asked to be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Pensions; which was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred House joint resolution for
the relief of Charles W. Morgan, William R. Rod-
man, and Edward Merrill, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the petition of Frances
C. Elliott, the widow of the late Captain Jesse
D. Elliott, of the United States Navy, praying
