1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
719
■were thereupon signed by the President pro tem-
pore:
An act for the relief of Zachariah Lawrence,
of Ohio; and
An act authorizing the construction of a line of
telegraph from the Mississippi or Missouri river
to the Pacific ocean.
TERRITORIAL MILITARY POSTS.
Mr. SHI ELDS. The Committee on Military
Affairs have instructed me to report, without
amendment, House bill " for the erection of a mili-
tary post on or near the Pembina river, in the
Territory of Minnesota, and for other purposes."
As this is a territorial matter for the benefit of a
Territory which has no representative on this floor,
X ask for the present consideration of the bill.
There beins; no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill.
It will appropriate $5,000 for the erection of n
military post in Minnesota, on the line of the 49th°
north latitude, on or near Pembina river, and
$10,000 for the establishment of military posts in
Kansas and Nebraska, at such points as the
Secretary of War may designate.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
bCHOONER SEAGULL.
Mr. GWIN. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the memorial of A. H.
Mechlin, have in&tructed me to report a bill for
the relief of the families of the officers and crew
of the United Slates schooner Seagull. It is a
short bill. The vessel foundered at sea and all on
board were lost. The bill is to place their families
on the same footing; with those who have been
provided for in similar cases.
The bill was read twice, by unanimous consent,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It will extend the same orovision ns is made
by the act of Congress of July 27, 1854, for the
benefit of the families of the officers and crew of
the United States schooner Grampus, to those of
the United States schooner Seagull, which found-
ered at sea on or about May 1, 1S39.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
JAPAN EXPEDITION.
Mr. JOHNSON. A motion was submitted by
the Senator from Louisiana a few days ago, and
referred to the Committee on Printing, relative to
binding the correspondence of the naval expedi-
tion to Japan. The Committeeon Printing instruct
me to report in favor of the motion. The docu-
ment is not quite the ordinary size which it is
required to be, by law, in order to be bound; but
it is believed that it should be bound. The com-
mittee therefore instruct me to report in favor of
binding it. 'Ihey also recommend that two hun-
dred and fifty copies of the work, when published,
be delivered for the use of Commodore Perry,
who commanded the expedition.
The report was concurred in.
OREGON LAND DISTRICT.
Mr. JOHNSON. A few days ago I reported,
from the Committee on Public Lands, the bill from
the House to establish an additional land district
in the Territory of Oregon. I was then almost
compelled, as a matter of courtesy to another
Senator, to give way and not to press its consid-
eration. Yesterday I had to do the same thing
again. It is a matter of immediate necessity that
that hill should be passed. They have but one
land district in Oregon. I therefore ask for the
consideration of the bill at this time.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill.
It will create the land lying south of the fourth
standard parallel a new land district, to be called
the Umpqua district; the land office for which
shall be established at such place within it as the
President shall from time to time direct, and the
officers for which are to be appointed in the same
manner, and have the compensation, powers,
duties, obligations, and responsibilities, that are
prescribed in the sixth section of the act approved
July 17, 1854. " to amend the act approved Sep-
tember 27, 1950, to create the office of surveyor
general of the public lands in Oregon."
The bill is not to go into effect until three months
after its passage.
The district lying north of the fourth standard
parallel is to be known as the Willamette land
district.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading. It
was read the third time, and passed.
TEXAS DEBT BILL.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, the Senate proceeded
to consider the amendments of the House to the
bill to provide for the payment of such creditors
of the late Republic of Texas as are comprehended
in the act of Congress of September 9, 1850.
The first amendment was to reduce the sum
appropriated from §8,500,000 to £0,550,000. This
amendment was made in the first section, and
again in the fifth section.
The next amendment was to amend the second
section so as to make it read as follows—the
words inserted by the House being in italics:
*flnd be it farther enacted, Tliat in all cases where the
Ptate of Texas may have paid any p >rtion of the debt
descnbed hi tins act, the said Secretary shall refund to the
proper olficcr of said Statu the amount actually so mud by
 he. State upon the presentation at the Treasury Depart-
inentof the evidence* of said debt, on which the said tf tare
mav have made such payment: Provided, The said sum
shall not txcced the proportion which would have been
allowed to the creditor or creditors, if such payment on
paid evidences of debt had not been made by the State of
Texas; and where the said sum that may bf refunded to the
State of Texas by the jm of this sedion. is loss than
the jtio port ion wh (h would have been allow A under this
art to the holders of such cm knees of debt, luidsurh payment
not been made thejn, such holdcis shall be ent tied to icceiv
the difference between serd \um awl the pro^mrf ion they would
hare teceivcd under thi•• a-f 1/ no pat men* hrd ben made
them; arid where anv original certificates or other evi-
dences ot d«'bt have been Kiri entered to the authority of
the State of Texas, aid new ccitijl atcs isvuei therefor by
said Stat • of Texas, mch new cemlieates sh ill be received
as evidences of the oiigmal amount ot the claim.
The next amendments of the Mouse were in the
third section, to insert the words "and the State
of Texas" after "shall forever release all claim
against the (Jnited States;"to strikeout the words
" and shall also indorse upon the said security, or
evidence of debt, a credit for the amount so re-
ceived by said ho!d< r, in such form as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may prescribe;" and at the
end of the section to strike out the words " for the
benefit of those whom it may concern, until other-
wise directed by law;" so that the section would
read :
Pec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That no payment shall
be made n.ider this act to any holder of said securities or
evidences of debt, unless the s^aid holder shall first execute
to the United Stfit< & a lectipi foi the >-aid payment, in which
said hi Ider shall forever r« lease all claim against the United
Stales and the Slate of Te,zvs for or on account of (he said
securities, or evidences of dehl, and the paid certificates,
or other evid' nces ot debt, shall then be deposited wifh the
Treasury Dcpaitment.
The next was to add at the end of the following:
Sec. 6. Jind be it further enacted, Thit this act shall
not lake effect until it shall lie a^ented 10 by an act of the
Legislature of the State ofToxa?,. ml a copy of the act of
f-aid Stito, duly authenticated, deposited 111 the Treasury
Dep irtment at Washington.
the words:
Nor until the Legislature of the State of Terns ehnl] pa<=s
an ict withdrawing and abandoning all claims and demands
against the United Slates, growi g out 01 Indian depreda-
tions prior to the admission of said State into the Union.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to the Senator from
Texas, tnat perhaps the best way of arranging
this matter, if he designs to ask for a committee
of conference, would be to move to disagree gen-
erally to ali the amendments, and ask the confer-
ence, without stopping to pass upon a portion of
them.
Mr. RUSK. J submit that motion—to disagree
to the amendments of the House, and ask a com-
mittee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
The following Senators were appointed the com-
mittee to manage the conference on behalf of the
Senate: Mr. Rusk, Mr. Stuart, and Mr. Foot.
MISSOURI AND OHIO U. S. COURTS.
Mr. CHASE. Yesterday a bill in which the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Geyer] feels an in-
terest, to provide for holding an additional term of
the circuit court of the United States for the dis-
trict of Missouri, was laid over until to-day on
my motion. I ask that it may be taken up now.
it will occupy but a single minute.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill.
Mr. CHASE. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following:
•Rec. 4 Jind he U farther cnacted* That there shall be
held at the city of Cleveland, in the State of Ohio, on the
third Tuesday in March of this year, a special term of the
district court of the United States for the northern district
of Ohio, and also a special term of the circuit court of the
United ritatos for.«aid district, at which terms respectively
any business may be transacted which might, under exist-
ing laws, bo transacted at any regular term.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to theSenateas amended;
the amendments were concurred in; the bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, and it
was read the third time, and passed.
The title was amended so as to read: " A bill
to provide for holding additional terms of the cir-
cuit courts of the United States for the districts
of Missouri and Ohio, and for holding u special
term of the district court for the northern district
of Ohio."
OKDEU OP BUSINESS.
Mr. HUNTER. I now call for the Indian
appropriation bill, which is the fir?t special order,
being the business on which we adjourned yester-
day. If the Chair should decide otherwise I will
move to suspend the prior orders to take it up.
Mr. JONES, of Iovm. 1 appeal to the Senator
from Virginia to allow me to take up a bill which
my colleague reported from the Committee on
Public Lands the other day, in regard to land dis-
tricts in my State, and the consideration of which
I then objected to, in order to prepare an amend-
ment. It will only take a few minutes to con-
sider it. If it should lead to debate, I wilt agree
to lay it aside.
Mr. DAWSON. I object; and I move to take
up the special order of the day—the bills relating
to the District of Columbia.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Vir-
ginia has the floor.
Mr. HUN TER. 1 move to postpone all prior
orders to take up the Indian appropriation bill, if
such a motion is necessary. I apprehend, how-
ever, that it comes up as a matter of course, as we
adjourned on it yesterday.
The PRESIDENT. The first special order ia
the unfinished business of yesterday, unless
changed bv a vote of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. And that is the Indian appro-
priation bill.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. It is not one o'clock
yet. I hope I shall be allowed to take up the bill
to which I allude.
The PRESIDENT. Whether the bill of the
Senator from Iowa* or any other bill can now be
considered or not, depends on whether the Sena-
tor from Virginia withdraws his motion.
Mr. HUNTER. I am afraid to withdraw it.
If I did I should have all the contest to go over
again.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. If any debate should
arise, I will agree to let the bill go over. It was
merely laid over on a former day in order to give
me an opportunity to make an amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I will aid the Senator to-
morrow, in the morning hour, to get up his bill.
Mr. DAWSON. I dislike to interfere with the
Senator from Virginia, who is anxious to go on
with the appropriation bill; but all I have to say is
that there is something certainly due to the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to the cities of Washington
and Georgetown, and that we ought to act upon
their bills.
Mr. HUNTER. I agree with the Senator fram
Georgia, that they ought to have a portion of the
time, and I will aid him in dividing a portion of
it. I will give him my vote as soon as we get the
Indian appropiiation bill out of the way.
Mr. DAWSON. These bills ought to pass this
body and the other Houee. The volunteer kind-
ness of my friend from Virginia, I know, would
have great influence. I have found repeatedly,
that his influence is so overwhelming: as to carry
through every bill with which he is connected,
and in getting it to the House of Representatiyes.
But I must now insist on taking up these bills.
The day before yesterday, I made a motion to
have those bills, which were reported from the
Commivtee on the District of Columbia, made the
special order for to-day, and it was unanimously
agreed to. For my part, it is a trouble for me to
carry on this kind of legislation; but it is an in-
cumbent duty, and we ought immediately to pass
