rso
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14.
these bills, so a?* to let them go to the other House.
The appropriation bill will pass any how, but
there is danger to these if they are not acted upon
soon. I ask, therefore, whether these bills, being
made the special order for one o'clock, do not
now come up as a matter of course ? And I do hope
if I am wrong on that point, that the Senate will
agree to a motion to take them up.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope my motion will be
put.
Mr. GWIN. I want to announce to the Senate
that, as soon as the Indian appropriation bill is
disposed of, I shall moveto take up anotherspecial
order, which has been long in advance of the bills
for which the Senator from Georgia contends, and
that is the Pacific railroad bill, I hope we shall
take up that measure as soon as the Indian appro-
priation bill is disposed of. It is of a great deal
more importance than the bills for this District,
which can be passed at a subsequent period; but
if we do not soon get up the Pacific railroad bill,
it is evident it will have to go over.
Mr. PRA.TT. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the question of taking up the Indian appropriation
bill. Something, undoubtedly, is due to the resi-
dents of this District now. They have no repre-
sentatives here, except every member; andl think
*' m the multitude of counselors there is" not
" safety," so far as they are concerned. We do
literally nothing for them. I do not believe that
a single bill, in which the residents of this District
are interested, has passed the present Congress.
Unless they pass in a very few days, it is clear
that they cannot receive the sanction of the other
branch of the Legislature. I understand that on
Monday, on the motion of my friend, the chair-
man of the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia, the bills reported from that committee were
made the special order for one o'clock to-day. If
they are to be set aside, I want the yeas and nays,
to let the citizens of the District see who will stand
by them.
The PRESIDENT. The unfinished business
of yesterday is the Indian appropriation bill, which
is now before the Senate, unless some Senator
moves to postpone it for the purpose of taking up
some other bills.
Mr. DAWSON. I make that motion, in order
to take up the bills for the District of Columbia,
which were, on Monday, made the special order
for one o'clock to-day.
The PRESIDENT. And on that motion the
Senator from Maryland asks for the yeas arM
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, were—yeas 16, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Benjamin, Brainerd, Clay-
ton, Cooper, Davv.-on, Fool, Geyer, Gillfue, Morton,
Pearce, Pratt, Seward, Thompson of Kentucky, and
Thomson of New Jersey—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Bayard, Brown, Chase,
(/lay, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Evans, Fit/.patrick,
Gwni, Uamlm, Houston, Ilunter, Jones of Iowa, Jones
of Tennessee, Mallory, Mason, Rusk, Scba?tian, Shields,
Siidell, Stuart, Sumner, VVade, Weller, Wells, and Wil-
son—
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill from the House of
Representatives making appropriation for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes.
JVIr. Brown yesterday submitted the following
amendment:
Sec. — Jlnd be it further enactcd, Tllat, in accordance
v.'ilh the memorial of the Menomonee Indians to ihc Pres-
ident and Congress, dated the 4tli of October, 1854, and
executed in general council of the nation, there be paid to
Richard VV. Thompson, as attorney for the said Indians,
under an agreement with them for the prosecution of >1
claim in their behalf for additional compensation for lands
ceded by them to the United States by the treaty of 1848,
such amount of compensation for the services performed
by the said Thompson, as may be lawful and equitable ac-
eurdmg to the judgment and decision of the Second Comp-
troller of the Treasury. And that the same tie paid to him
by the Secretary of the Treasury, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and deducted from
the annuities, when due and payable, that are to be paid to
the shid Indians under the treaty of the J2lti of Mai, )8j4,
and the amendments thereto.
Mr. Stuart moved to amend that amendment
by striking out "Second Comptroller," and in-
serting1 l< Secretary of the Interior;" and the pend-
ing question is on that amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator from
Mississippi, in the remarks which he submitted
to the Senate, misapprehended one of my objec-
tions, and that was, that here was an attempt, by
this amendment, to authorize a payment by antic-
ipation to the attorney or agent of these Indians,
when, by the stipulations of the treaty, the princi-
pal sum is not due to the Indians themselves until
1867._
I did not make the objection grounded on the
fact that it was at all material to the Treasury
whether the whole sum was paid now or not. I
rather incline to the opinion that it would have been
better if the treaty had provided that the whole I
sum should be paid to the Indians at once, instead !
of incurring it prospectively tenor twelve years!
hence; but I objected to the principle involved in 1
the payment, of appropriating a sum to an agent
employed by these Indians, at the same time that
you do not pay the Indians themselves the money
which is not yet due them under the terms of the
treaty. I do not think it is right and fair that
they should be treated in that way. That was
the objection that I made. If you charge the in-
terest against the Indians you do them wrong; if
you do not, then you are making a voluntary pay-
ment to the attorney or agent of the Indians, with
whom you have no connection, who has rendered
services against the interest of the Government;
and you are paying him, by anticipation, in such a
mode as literally to make the payment fifty per
cent, more than he would be entitled to according
to the terms of the treaty.
But, sir, my principal objection remains, as I
conceive, unanswered. I will restate it very briefly.
The Congress of the United States, within two
years, I believe, certainly within a very short
period, found, upon the experience of the preced-
ing time, that the evils which arise from suffering
money to be paid out of the Treasury (under In-
dian treaties, or stipulations for (he payment to
the Indians) to any but the Indians themselves,
the frauds and wrongs were so numerous, that
they determined, by a general law, that no pay-
ment should be made to others under the author-
ity of the Indians, where the money was to be
paid under an appropriation, but they should be
made directly to the Indians themselves. Before
that general law is scarcely dry upon your statute-
book, you have a motion mad.', by way of an
amendment to an appropriation bill, to make an
exception to it in favor of the particular attorney
or agent of a class of Indians.
In order to sustain that exception, to show that
it stands out from the general rule which had been
adopted as the policy of this Government, of not
interfeiing with the contracts between the Indians
and their agents, at least we should have the right I
to require that some standing committee of this
body should investigate the facts, and should re-
port to us those facts which justify ns in abandon-
ing the general law, and adopting this special law
as applicable to the particular case; and the more
strongly in this case should that be so, because
the only ground on which such an exceptional
law can be passed must be, that there hay been
fraud or malversation in office on the part of the
officers, who are undefended here, in their treat
ment with the Indians, while this agent alone hus
rightfully endeavored to sustain the interests of
the Indians.
Sir, when these facts are established by the
committee, and they report a special hill, if there !
has been wrong done, 1 should be perfectly will- '
ing *to vote for the bill; but f cannot consent to I
throw an imputation upon the character of the !
officers of this Government without, at least, the j
report of some committee of the body to sustain
such action. The maxim is not unfrequently
true, apecis juris sunt jura; and if we  re to aban-
don the principle of requiring, in cases of this
kind, which involve the character of officers of the
Government, at least an investigation by a com-
mittee, and a formal report of the facts, so that
there will be no dispute as to the propriety of our
action, we had better abandon our committees j
altogether. The Committee on Indian Affairs j
have had this case before them; they have not j
seen fit, on their information, to offer the amend- i
ment, or recommend such action to the Senate, j
It is the suggestion and recommendation of indi- j
vidual Senators; and on that ground I am unwill-
ing to attach it to an appropriation bill, as altering
the general policy of the law in other respects as
regards Indian agents.
Since I came into the Senate this morning, the
feeling as to the impropriety of such a course has
been greatly strengthened by a printed document
which has been brought to my notice by the hon-
orable Senator from California, in which it appears
that, in a speech delivered before the Indians, this
particular agent—I suppose the speech has been
t«"uly reported; at all events, the facts require an
investigation-—tells them that he obtained the pas-
sage of the bill allowing the increased sum to them*
by bribing a friend of his, or paying him money
to get an individual Senator to stay away who
would have opposed the bill. There is the dec-
laration in a speech purporting to be made by him
to these Indians. I do not know anything as to the
truth of these statements. They may be a misrep-
resentation; but these things ought to be inquired
into; for, if they be true, if that statement be true,
it shows an act—no matter what may be thp ser-
vices rendered by the party—of such a character
that no court of justice would recognize, and
which, upon principles of general policy, no le-
gislative assembly ought to recognize. If it be
that a man can come into the Halls of Congress,
and ask that we shall assist him in recovering
remuneration from his clients, grounded on the
fact that, by giving money to an individual friend
of his, he, through the agency of that friend,
procured a Senator of the United States to be ab-
sent from his post, who, if present, would have
defeated the bill, that may be considered as a
proper ground of compensation by some men, but
I consider it entitled to but one appellation, and
that is, corruption of the grossest character.
Mr. STUART. When the Senate adjourned
yesterday, being entitled to the floor, 1 stated that
it would probably become necessary for me to
submit some views to the Senate on this question.
I shall endeavor to do so as briefly as possible;
and, in order to a correct understanding of the
opposition that I make to this amendment, I beg
leave to call the attention of the Senate to two or
three facts, some of which have been alluded to
by the Senator from Delaware, who has jast taken
his seat.
The manner in which this? amendment is pro-
posed, certainly ought not to subject the individuals,
or the committee who propose it, to any animad-
version—none at all. I make none, nor do I
impute anything; but, sir, to my mind, it is not a
proper mode of amending a general appropriation
bill. J submit that every case of Luis sort ought
to be brought to the attention of the Senate upon
its own merits, and upon a full report of the facts
from a committee who investigate the subject,
which report, under our rules, could be printed
with ample time to every Senator to inspect it and
make up his opinion. It is next to impossible to
investigate any such subject as this, m the few
minutes in which we have an opportunity to do
so, upon an appropriation bill.
But, again, it is iu direct contravention of a
policy established by Congress only in the last
session, which seemed to have been done with
great unanimity, for the purpose of preventing pre-
cisely such action as the claimant in this case seeks
payment for. It is known to you, and to Sena-
toiu generally, that formerly payments were made
to the Indians as a tribe. The money was handed
over to the chiefs, or some one individual repre-
senting the tribe in gross; and the consequence
was that the agents, the attorneys, and the traders
stood by, took it immediately out of the hands
of the chief, or other individual, and it never went
to the individual Indians at all. I say, such had
become the corruption under those laws, that Con-
gress inteiposed, and in the House, of which I
was a member at that time, the feeling was almost
unanimous to prevent, if possible, that sort of
malappropriation of the funds belonging to indi-
vidual Indians. To do that, two attempts were
made, both upon an appropriation bill. The first
one was found to be ineffectual, because it applied
only to appropriations under that bill. But sub-
sequently, in 1852, Congress placed this section
in the appropriation bill, to cover the whole
ground:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That no part of the
appropriations herein made, or that may be made,
for the benefit of any tndun, or tribe, or pan of a tribe of
Indians, shall h<; paid to any attorney or ojjent of buch [ri-
dia'i, or tribe, or part of a tribe ; but •shall, 3,1 every ca-e, be
paid directly to the Indian or Indians themselves) to whom
it shall he due, or to the tribe or partof a tribe, pcrcapitat
unless the imperious interest of the Indian, or Indians, or
