122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
<k Colonel Thompson will be at Washington for some
time, and so wiH my brother. Write to them freely; you
will find them right and true."
Now, Mr. President, (Mr. Badger in the chair,)
you, who have been,like myself and other gentle-
nien here, pretty extensively engaged in criminal
practice in the courts, have learned something
about these signs; u such a man is all right; you
can talk to him;" that is to say, he belongs to the
clan; he constitutes part of the machinery by which
the honest portion of the community are to be plun-
dered. The letter goes on:
'•'If that could be carried out as we talked the matter over,
it would result in a good profit. Write to tny hrnther about
this. \ have said to him what was proposed between you,
Wright, and us. Mr. Uhute will send you a copy ot Mr.
Coqutliard's contract; I have handed it to hii#. I am
compelled to go in the morning to St. Louis, to provide
funds for our transportation contract to New Mexico, and
write in haste. Will be back in twenty days. Lei me then
hear from you; we must try and make this business tell
wtll yet."
Then there is this postscript to the letter:
" P. S. Captain Elias Murray is the superintendent for
the northern Indians. Colonel Thompson and my brother
took an active part in his appointment, and he is their
friend ; he lives in an adjoining county to us here, and
expects to be stationed in Dubuque, Iowa, and next year at
St. Pan?, in Minnesota. He is a very worthy, experienced,
and talented gentleman. E."
Now put some few of these things together;
see these operations, and then turn your attention
to the contracts, and see who it is that certifies
them? The contracts which were made with the
Menomonee Indians, under which Thompson
claims, and under which the Ewings claim, made
at the same time, are certified; one of them not
at all. Thompson's contract is not certified to at all,
but the other one is certified to by the same Indian
agent who was to«*receive §10,000, and for that
certificate the present Indian Bureau removed him
promptly.
1 Let me call the attention of the Seaate to the
statement of the northern superintendent of In-
dian stTairs, Mr. Huebschman, to whose integrity
the Senators from Wisconsin will certify. What
does he say about this transaction ?
"Northern Supkrinti-vdency, ?
"Milwaukie, November 1, 1854. >
4{Sir: Soon after 1 airived in the M^-nnmonre country
(on Hie 7th of October,} I learned that R. W. Thompson,
of Indiana, had left there a day or two previous, after having
obtained, at a meeting held at night, the signatures of the
chief-* to a paper drawn by him, or one of his friend*. Those
of the chiefs whom I asked about it, did not exactly know
the purport of the paper, but stated that Mr. Thompson
cla-niPd to have carried the late treaty, and the amendment
to it, tUrough the Senate; and from what they had been
told they believed tone under great obligations to him.
" I nonce that there were an extraordinary number of
gentlemen on the pay-ttrounri, without any ordin uy bu<i-
nfj-s ; and I soon found out that there was a general move-
ment among traders and claimants, in relation to their
ela-ms against the Menomonees. Mr. Thompson had prob-
acy taken the lead; and as the yood success of Hubert
Griqnon, in obtaining an appropriation ot §1U,(HM) for a
clfi'm against the Menomonees, had set many in the north
part of the State dreaming golden dreams, Mr. Thompson
had found a field well prepared foi la? operations; and it
seems that the oih^r claimants had assisted iiiiuto obtain
*ueh action on the part of the chiefs as he desired, with the
understanding that he was to assist them m leturn. All
ihebe movements were underhanded, and I was not ap-
proached in relation to these claims, except that Mr. Gum-ir
and Mr. G. F. Wright suggest-d to me that it would be a
good thing if claimants and tndians met and made an ar-
rangement wiping out all old claims—lumping it," so as
t* make an end of them. I answered, that i would inves-
tigate anything which would be bi ought before me properly;
tb&tas to " lumping it," that was not my way of doing
business. I further told them that I couid not encourage
them, as there were no funds under the different treaties
with the Menomonees applicable to claims of such magni-
tude and character; and as to obtaining appropriations from
Congress, (like Robert Grignon did) such a bill m.ght never
O&ain succeed in Congress.
" Aftei the pay-roli was finished, I inquired of the chiefs
in relation to the business they had transacted in then-
nightly meetings, which startled them, and they were evi-
dently afraid that they had done something wrong How-
ever, they promised to make me acquainted, in a council
to be held after the payment, with everything they had done.
Ju relation to a contract which they had made with R.
Jones about the same time, in August, when they had
signed the supplementary aqreement, accepting of the
amendments of the Senate, and by which Mr. Jones was
allowed to cut logs on the Menomonee reservation, 1 gave
th<Mn an explanation of the limit of their rights a*? to the
u-'e of timber, &.c., and renrmianded them earnestly for
what thev had done. However, sub-agent Suydam is more
to blanie'for this transaction than the chiefs, and deserves
the censure which he received in a letter, a copy of which
is herewith enclosed."
Stopping at this point of the letter, let me re-
mind. Senators of the agreement which the Ewings
had with Bruce, who died. He was succeeded by
Suydam. By the statement of the superintendent,
it seems that Suydam is more to blame than the
Indians, and more to blame than anybody else.
For that he recommended his removal, and he was
removed. Why was Suydam doing this? Is it
not reasonable to suppose that he was doing it
under a contract similar to that under which Bruce
has acted. I say, then, they bribe your very
Government agents. If they can get, as in this
case, one third of the amount, over $84,000, they
can afford to pay an Indian sub-agent enough to
make him rich for life, and they do it. Mr.
Huebschman, the superintendent, continues:
" After many attempts to evade my inquiries, which were
quite amusws, Osh-kosh, at the council held after the pay-
ment, handed to me the paper which they had signed in
one of their nightly councils, a copy of which is herewith
inclosed. The pretense that Mr. Thompson, by his influ-
ence, obtained the ratification of the late treaty, is not
clearly expressed in the document, but was firmly impressed
upon the minds of the Indians. I told the chiefs that it
would be news to members of the Legislature of 1852, that
Mr. Thompson, by his influence, obtained the passase of
the resolution assenting iO their remaining in the State,
and that the United States Senators would be astonished to
learn that they had ratified the late treaty at the instance of
Mr. Thompson, while, if he had any influence, it was used
m attempting to oefeat the ratification of it. I told them,
further, that as their signatures had been obtained under
false pretenses, and as they had no right to grant or give
any moneys which were to be applied by treaty stipulations
for the benefit of their next generation, the whole trans-
action falls to the ground, and is null and void, with which
declaration they seemed to be perlectly satisfied."
There is the statement of the superintendent,
upon the ground, in a council with those Indians,
after Thompson had got his contract, and left.
He told them that the whole transaction was a
nullity, and with that they seemed to be perfectly
satisfied.
" On my inquiring afterwards, and repeatedly, if they had
anything more to communicate to me, 1 was answered that
they had not, and from that concluded that the other claim-
ants were waiting for an opportunity more favorable to
them, or intended to prosecute their claim* without giving
me an opportunity of examining them. I was therefore
Komewliat dit-appointed, when I opened the package from
Mr. Suydam, m finding, instead of a draught of school-
hou*e and other reports due from him, the inclosed memo-
rial of the chiefs of the Menomonees in relation to claims
against their tribe."
That sub-agent held the papers; he kept them
from the knowledge of the superintendent; but
after the superintendent had left, he sent him
papers in respect to a school-houae, and inclosed
this contract or memorial.
" The list of claims was separate from the memorial, and
merely folded in, as f forward it to you.. The eouneil
must not have been as general a one as sub agent Suvdam
states, as three head chief*, and a number of oiher chiefs,
have not, signed the mcmonal. I do not suppose that it
can be contended, with any degree of probability, that these
claims were ever carefully examined by the Menomonee
council. It took them the most of two days, before the
payment, to act upon a few simple accounts out of which
1 have reported those to your office which were ahowed;
and, at the same rote, it would tike them a gteat length oi
time to act timleistandinyly u, on <-iieh a number of claims
as are iwluded in the !;->t. I doubt very much whether the
young men of th" Menomonees would sanction the action
ufhome of their chief", ii they were lo understand that It.
W. Thompson, and the other claimants were to receive
tim thuds of the annuities stipulated to be paid to-them
alter the \ear ISO?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Two-thirds?
Mr. STUART. One half of the whole of the
claim is to go to Ewing & Co., and one third to
Thompson, making together more than two thirds;
in fact, five sixths of the whole amount of the
claim. Mr. Huebschman continues:
" It will be perceived that the interpreters acting at ttie
council, and all tilt' witnesses to the signing of the memo-
rial, are among the claimants."
There was not a single man certifying to it who
was not a claimant. There was not an inter-
preter acting al that council who was not a claim-
ant. Is not this a striking and significant fact?
The superintendent concludca :
" I leave it to you to jud^e how fairly the whole transac-
tion was conducted. However, as sub agent Suydam states
that it is the desire of the chiefs that the memorial be for-
wardtd to your office, I do not feel warranted to refuse to
i do so.
" Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
FRANCIS [1UJ3BSUIIMAN, Superintendent.
" Hon. Gkokue W. .Maisytemny,
Commas oner oj Indian Jijfairs, Washington city
Mr. President, I have given some attention to
this subject in the little time that has intervened
since the debate of yesterday, and I find that the
whole list of claims which was got up by Ewing
& Co., on that occasion, has been paid twice be-
fore. When thefirsttreaty was made with these
Indians, by the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Dodge,] those claims were paid. At a
subsequent one they managed to get them paid
again, and now they comein for the third time.
With what propriety, sir, does this attorney
have it stated here on the floor of the Senate that
the council which was held in respect to thia
treaty was a midnight council? Here is the state-
ment of the superintendent of Indian affairs that
his was a midnight council.
Again, it is stated here, and stated upon the
authority of Thompson, that the present head of
the Indian Bureau has taken from these Indians a
claim of over $600,000, and paid them but $150,000
for it. An inspection of the treaties refutes that
whole statement. They received over $300,000
under the treaty of 1848, and, in exchange for their
lands in Wisconsin, other lands in Minnesota.
Thompson and the agents succeeded in getting
the Indians to refuse to move. The Government
then was compelled to make a new treaty, and
what did it do? It agreed to give the Indians
$150,000 in addition to, and not instead of, what
was due them; and the Senate increased that
amount $92,000 more, making it $242 (100 alto-
gether. Then the treaty did another thing:
§40,000 had been appropriated as the expense
of their removal; and the treaty authorized the
President to use those $40,000, and he has done
it for the benefit of the Indians. Thus nearly
|300,000 more was allowed them by the late treaty,
so that if you put what they got in 1848, and
what they got by the treaty of 1854 together, it
makes, I believe, something over $600,000.
But,sir, more: The Government, by that treaty,
made an arrangement by which they are to remain
in Wisconsin, and they now hold some three
hundred thousand acres of land, I think, in Wis-
consin, to settle upon, and reside upon.
Now, I ask you, sir, and I ask honorable Sen-
ators here present, with what propriety seeks this
attorney to attack the character of the Govern-
ment officers m tnis case, upon the floor of the
Senate, through those who believe his representa-
tions, and charge them with fraud? No doubt
the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Pettit] believed
the representations which were made by Mr.
Thompson; and yet 1 think 1 may say with pro-
priety that, if he did believe them, the attack ho
made on the Indian Bureau was unwarranted in
matter, and unwarranted in manner. When the
honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Chase] and
the honorable Senator from California, [Mr.
Weller,] who has also been a resident of the
State of Ohio, certified to the integrity of Colonel
Medill, and the present Commissioner, they but
certified to what the whole world knows who
know those men.
Mr. President, this calls to my mind a principle
more important, in my judsment, than ten times
the amount of money involved here. If you are
to carry out the principles of the act of 1852; if
you are to remain a guardian of those Indians
worthy of the name of a guardian; if you are to
perform that Christian duty which all admit de-
volves upon this Government in its guardianship
over the Indian tribes, you must protect yo'ur Gov-
ernment officers. Sir, they will be attacked, and
if Congress refuses to protect them, they must
morally fall before the appliances and the threats
of the Indian agents and attorneys. It requires a
strong man; it requires a man not only of iron
nerve, but of unbending integrity, to reject the
appliances of Indian traders and attorneys. They
can afford to pay him not only hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars, but they can afford to pay him
millions, if he will do what some agents have done—
allow them to take without interposition thefunda
of the Indians. There is then a moral duty in-
volved in this case; and it is to investigate it, to
see that the head of the Indian Bureau, if he has
acted properly and wisely, and the superintendent
of Indian affairs for the northern superintendency,
and all others who are protecting this fund sac-
redly, are maintained in their position.
A word now in respect to the payments under
the last treaty, for that point seems not to hava
been understood. The Senator from Indiana
found fault because the 'payments under thia
treaty were to commence in 1867. Why, sir, if
he had investigated the case, he would have found
that that is the time at which the payments under
the treaty of 1848 will expire. The payments
under the treaty of 1848 terminate in 1867; and at
the expiration of those payments, those under the
present treaty are to begin. 1 have been sur-
