1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•723
prised at the declaration of some Senators, who
say they would be in favor of paying this money
all over to the Indian tribes atonce. What would
they do with it^ Will any gentleman who un-
derstands the character of the Indians, answer
what would they do with it? Put $600,000 in
their hands to-day, and to-morrow they will not
have a dollar of it. The policy of the Govern-
ment, then, is the true one, to pay them annu-
ities, and to pay those annuities to them per cap-
ita, so that each Indian can get his money, and
can protect himself and clothe himself with it.
We find, then, that what the honorable Senator
from Indiana asserts against the Commissioner as
a fault, is, in truth, an act of wisdom, and was
precisely what he ought to have done.
We find, sir, that the grounds of assertion
against the officers of the Government in this case
are without foundation. 1 could read you, if ne-
cessary, the instructions which were given by the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs to the superin-
tendent who made the last treaty. They are just
such instructions as wisdom, prudence, and a
careful consideration for the interests of the In-
dians would dictate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I trust the Senator will read
them.
Mr. STUART. As the honorable Senator
from Texas desires it, I will read a few extracts
from them:
" You arp therefore hereby instructed to proceed so soon
as tlif duties of your office wjII admit alter your return
home, to enter into an arrangement with this tribe in the
fortn of a supplement to the treaty of 1648, whereby the va-
rious stipulations of that treaty, which were by its terms
only applicable upon a removal west of the Mississippi,
may be carried inlu effect at their present location.
"You will procure from them a relinquishment to the
lands assigned them under said treaty, and confirm to them
in lieu thereof, their present posr-escion upon the Wolf and
Oconto rivers, with the exception of the three easiern
townships, in range nineteen ; provided their assent cannot
as well be obtained to an exchange of the six townships m
ranges seventeen and eighteen for the s.ime number in
ranges thirteen and fourteen, which it is very desirable
should be done, and which it is expected you will use your
best endeavors to effect, if not to the lull extent of t>ix town-
ships. then to such extent as may be practicable. And, in
conspiration o' the difference in extent between their
present location (deducting as above and with the exchange
of township* as may be anauged) and their lands west of
the Mississippi, that being three hundred and eighty-two
thousand (he hundred acres, and for the relinquishment of
ail claims set up by, or lor said tribe fur the difference in
quantity of lands supposed by tnem to have be«n ceded in
the treaty of 1S48, and what was actually ceded, you will
contract to pay them a sum not exceeding $150,01)0, to be
paid in fifteeu annual instalments, commencing with the
year 18G7.
" It will be necessary to provide for the application of the
$10,000, stipulated in that treaty for their removal to Crow-
wing, and t-ub<idtence alter getting there; and a clause
should be inserted giving the Piesident authority to apply
said amount to such purposes, and uses, as m iu> judgment
will mo^t promote the improvement oftlie Menomonees, at
snen times and in such manner as he may deem advisable.
"A f rm of a treaty in accordance with the above instruct-
ions is herewith transmitted for your gudatiee.
a To enable >ou to carry the foregoing into effect, you are
authorized to draw upon this office, fioin time to time, for
such sums of money as maybe needed, due regard being
had mi every movement taken, to toe strident economy, in
rendering your account all etpendnures should be stated,
under the head of4 making treaty with the Menomonee In-
dians.' "
I have said that the treaty was made in the day-
time upon a full and fair understanding of the
whole case, and there is a fact connected with it
which I ought not to omit stating; it is that these
same Ewings held the chief Osh-kosh bound by
an agreement which they had with his son-in-
law. He had agreed with that son-in-law, a
half-breed, who had married his daughter, who
was the tool of these traders, and agents, that
he would sign no treaty without that son-in-law's
consent. When the superintendent made the trea-
ty, Oih-kosh stood back and said to his brethren,
"you ought to sign the treaty; it is right, but I
am under an obligation by which I cannot do it."
What could have been theobject of the agreement
which prevented him from signing the treaty. _ It
was that these traders and agents, through him,
mi^ht prevent the Government of the United States
from making any treaty unless they were secured
in the payment of 'just as much money as they
might demand. Why, sir, these are not new
things to those of us who live in the border States.
We^know that the settled policy and practice of
these attorneys and agents is to win the confidence
of the Indians, to trade with them, make them
their ftiends, and then to prevent them from con-
cluding any treaty unless the Government of the
United States will pay them as much money as
they demand.
Though X do not wish to detain the Senate, I
will aliude to one thing which occurred yesterday.
It is so remarkable in its character, and so remark-
able in the history of the Senate of the United
States, that I ask leave of the Senate to give it
some little attention. The honorable Senator from
Mississippi came in here, and stated that he had
been told within the last fifteen minutes 
Mr. BROWN. Not fifteen minutes, fifteen
hours.
Mr. STUART. In order that there may be no
mistake about that, 1 will turn to the report.
Mr. BROWN. I do not know how it is
printed, but 1 know what I said.
Mr. STUART. I have no doubt of it; but I
wish to read what the Senator said, as it is re-
ported:
" Mark you, Thompson has not come here and asked you
to pay hurt according to his contract with the Indians.
That is not the proposition before the Senate. He says, in
the exercise of your authority over these people, if you
choose, disregard the contract, but pay me according to the
value of my services. I have rendered services to the
Indians. They acknowledge it. The Committee on Indian
Affairs acknowledge it. Every man, woman, and child in
all Christendom acknowledges it, except the Commissioner
of Indian Allans."
I presume the Senator meant to confine that
sweeping declaration to those who knew the cir-
cumstances.
"From his unjust decision I appeal. I appeal to some
man who shall bean impartial arbiter in the transaction, to
determine what my services are worth. The Indians are
willing to pay him one thud of what he recovered. Thomp-
son says, freely I abandon the contract, if you will pay me
what my strvicea are worth. And, Mr. President, 1 stand
up here to-day to tell you, upon the authoritv of as honoi-
able a man as has ever served in Congress, Richard W.
Thompson, himself, that he expended $10,000 in the prose-
cution of this claim,"
How did he do it?
Mr. BROWN. Read the next sentence.
Mr. STUART. I am going to do it; but I ask
Senators again, how did Richard W. Thompson
honestly spend $10,000 in the prosecution of this
claim? Listen to what the Senator said:
"Yes, sir, in money, and in the neglect of his private
business, he told me,"not fifteen hours since, that he was
willing to swear before high Heaven, he had sacrificed
$10,000 in the prosecution of the chum. And now when
you have acknowledged that you owed the money to the
Indians, and have paid them, the Commissioner comes ni
and says Thompson is entitled to nothing for his cervices.
I wain to state one fact, and I want the Henate to m.irk it.
"Richard \V. Thompson, (who has but one lault that I
know anything about, for m all the «ocial relations of life,
in everything which 'constitutes the accomplished gentle-
man, I find no fault in him—he has but one fault, and that
is a grievous one—he is a Whig, and I shall not be sus-
pected of,standing up here to advocate his claim because he
is a Whig,) told me, and authorized me to state it in his
name, that, in a transaction with the Indians, they were
anxious to pay Inm what they acknowledged they owe him,
but armed soldiers were placed around the paying table,
and at the point of American bayonets the Indians were
denied the privilege of paving to him what they individually
acknowledged ihey owed him ! Thirteen armed American
eoldiern were placed round the paying table to prevent the
Indians paying what they acknowledged they awed to this
man. More than that, sir; the very money which they
lud received per capita was taken from their hands by
win-Icy sellers, when they were «.o drunk that they did not
know to whom it was given. Yes. &n, an honest Indian
was denied the privilege, at the point ot the bayonet, of
paying adt bt which he acknowledged he owed ; and then
the money was taken Jrom his hands by whisky sellers,
when he was in a state of drunkenness.
" I do not make this statement upon my own responsi-
bility, hut upon the responsibility of Richard W. Thomp-
son, the claimant in this case, who, for many long yeajs,
served his State in the Congress of the United States, and
was known to the old m< nibors as a man of as high honor
as any who served in Congress."
Now, I repeat, that it struck me as a little re-
markable that a claim-agent should desire an hon-
orable Senator to come into the Senate and state
in his name, and upon his responsibility, that he
would swear before high Heaven to that fact,
leaving the impression to rest upon the Senate of
the United States, and upon the country, that the
Government agent who made that payment had
violated his duty in the grossest possible manner;
leaving it to be inferred, too, that it had some con-
nection with this Menomonee claim, which he has
been prosecuting, whereas, in truth, that occur-
rence took place at a payment made by Mr. Gum-
ming in Kansas, I think? I do not know Mr.
Gumming personally, but I have inquired in re-
spect to him of honorable Senators who do know
him, and they say he is a man like the Commis-
sioner of Indian AlFairs, who dares stand up and
will stand up against the pressing invitations of
traders and attorneys for payment, and that he
will carry out the law. What was the law which
it was his duty to execute? I have read it to you.
It was that the money should be paid into the
hands of the Indians per capita, disregarding ail
these contracts. The Government officera are
compelled by law to disregard all contracts to pay
agents or attorneys. Mr. Cummtng carried out
the law; and how did he do it? I call the atten-
tion of honorable Senators to the question—how
did he do it? He was. obliged to take with him
thirteen armed American soldiers to enable him
to carry out the letter of the law, in exercising
his guardianship over these poor Indians. He
did it; but after they got the money, and got
it into their own hands, what control had he over
it ? Sir, it as melancholy as it is true, that one of
the worst vices of the white race has been imbibed
by these people, and that after they get their
money they will get drunk upon it, and too often
it is filched from them. The Government of the
United States, through its officers, cannot follow
the money so as to make it secure blankets and
provisions for the comfort and sustenance of the
Indians, but it can carry out the law and pay the
money to whom it belongs.
Now, sir, that transaction, remarkable as it is,
brought in here in as remarkable a manner as it
has been, makes it necessary for me to call the
attention of the Senate to another fact connected
with it. Before I do so, however, let me say that
I shall not imitate the Senator from lndinna, [Mr.
Pettit,] in attacking any man's character by my
own personal remarks; but! wish to call attention
to a document which I have, that is certified to by
the individuals who were present at the time when
the payment was made which the honorable
Senate from Mississippi referred. The United
States interpreter, who is certified to by Mr. Cum-
mingand others, as beingan honorable and honest
man, was present; and another educated individ-
ual, who was present at the time, and who is cer-
tified to be as pure as any other, took down the
speech which Mr. Thompson made to the Shawnee
Indians on the morning when that payment was
made, in order to get his claim from them. It
shows you, notwithstanding the purity of charac-
ter which is awarded to Mr. Thompson, what a
man may do when he is seeking for money, the
love of which was long ago declared to be 44 the
root of all evil." Here is his speech:
" My Shawnee friends, I am glad to see you, to meet you
here m your own country, and have a talk with you....
Before 18— I knew you not. At that time you gave your
business into mv hands. I studied into your affairs; [
saw that the Government had dealt treacherously with
you."
I ask Senators to remember the provisions of
the non-intercourse act.
" When you were two people, the one in Ohio, the other
on the Mississippi, and the Government wanted the Ohio
lands, she proposed buying you out and removing you.
When she came to pay, ihe money was divided into two
portion®, and the Government withheld the larger part, and
laid it in her own Treasury  When I studied
into your affairs, I saw that you were a wronged people,
that vou had been cheated out of your rites and property.
I sympathized with you, and determined to bring about ihe
light: &o I commenced, resolved to succeed or die; for
the Swanees'friend I was.... [ found those to be your
enemies whom I thought to be your friends. You sent your
delegation in 18—, and wo commenced work, and parsed
the bill through the lower House, but it was defeated in the
Senate; the prospect was gloomy. I w<'nt to the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs to get the bill reconsidered, but
failed. I went to the Secretary of the Interior, and there
failed. I went to your Great father, but could avail noth-
ing. I resolved nevertogive it up : ! went to them day after
day: after a while they got so tired of me every time they
saw me coming, they said, " there comes that Shawnee."
I continued to work, though all seemed to be enemies t*
the Shawnees  In 18— you sent Captain Parks.with
power of attorney to do your business. He employed me.
I -.vent to woik again, and employed many to help me,
some sixteen persons, we got the bill through ihe House,
but was defeated in the Senate by two vote*; methought
the case almost hopeless, but did not give it up. I found it
was defeated by the influence of one man. We managed
to have the bill reconsidered. I knew one only chance for
success was to prevent this Senator from attending when
ihe vote would be taken. I went to see him but could not
see him; 1 went to see him again and again for many days
hut never could see him. 1 knew he had a friend who
could see him and did see him. I went and engaged this
friend to keep him away. I gave my note to that friend
for more money than I am able to pay unless f get this of
yours. By hiring this friend to keep the Senotor away
when the vote was taken f got the bill passed and got
your money. It never could have been got before that
time, nor in any other way man the one in which it was
got neither will the time ever have couie at which it could
have been got."
There is the speech which was made by thi%
