728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
the real transaction came here, and the agent was
removed because the testimony was " strong as
proof of Hoiy Writ," and could not be doubted.
The vouchers were regular, and they contained
file certificates of the blacksmiths, the mechanics,
the interpreters,and, I believe, the sub-agent, that
they had seen the money paid in cash, in hard
bullion, though the Indians never saw one dollar
of it.
I take it for granted, then, that on the frontier,
men who are disposed to embezzle funds will do
so if they have an opportunity. My belief is,
that the Indians never receive what the Govern-
ment appropriates for them, unless on some occa-
sions when we send to them men of character,
above the influence of filthy lucre. 'I think it safe
to suppose that of the $100,000,000 paid to the In-
dians since the adoption of the Constitution of
the United States, no more than one third of the
amount has reached them, and they have never
been benefited by one fifth of it. You may think,
sir, that this is a startling fact, but it is true. It is
time that a revision of this system should take
place, and I am glad to perceive that in the Indian
Department there are men of firmness and char-
acter who dare do right in the worst of times.
Superintendent Cumming, who forwarded to the
Indian Office the speech of which complaint is
made, is a man who would countenance no sur-
reptitious action. He is a man as spotless in
honor, and as pure in reputation, as any gentle-
man within the range of my vision. None will
dare to question his honor, his truthfulness, or
his integrity. His frank, blunt honesty may not
afford him the oily faculties which are necessary
to shine in courts, but his rough character is like
the diamond.
Who is General Whitfield? He, too, testifies
to the capacity and integrity of the person who gave
this speech to the superintendent Sir, I knew
him in his boyhood, and in his early manhood.
I know his training. I know his manly charac-
ter. I know he would spurn a dishonest act as
readily as any man that lives. His efficiency has
been indorsed by his constiiuency—the people of
Kansas Territory. In former times, in the proud
State of Tennessee, he was not only placed among
her legislators, but he took high rank in her bright
calendar of chivalry. He is the man who comes
forward to attest the wrongs which have been in-
flicted on ihe Indians.
Such men as these are nee'! fi t I to form a breast-
work for the Indian, behind which he may en-
trench his defenseless situation, for he is not able
to stand forth and confront your volunteers, and
your increased legions. These are the men who
feel an interest in the Indian, and on whose testi-
mony I would rely.
The name of Colonel Meilill has been intro-
duced into this debate. I know him well, and the
people of his State know him, and have indorsed
his character and high reputation. I need not
commend him to the Senate, for I presume he pos-
sesses the personal acquaintance of most Senators.
He has been Governorof the great State in which
he resides, his native State for aught I know. I
knew his successor in the office of Indian Affairs,
a man of intellect and character, who, I trust,
would not do any act to soil the fair reputation
which he inherited from his family, whose actions
made them conspicuous in connection wilh the
history of the country in which they have lived,
and in which he was reared. And, sir, though
but slightly acquainted with the present Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, I must say that my peru-
sal of the documents which he has sent us has
convinced me that he feels a deep interest in main-
taining the honor of the country, in vindicating
the rights of the Indians, and in fairly administer-
ing in all respects the duties of his office. He is a
man of intelligence, ability, and integrity, whose
heart, I believe, is in the right place.
But, Mr. President, in this case, if every cloud
which hangs over the present claim were dispelled
by the partialities of friendship which I feel for
the individual interested, I would not vote to rob
the Indians of this pittance; but I would redeem,
as far as possible, the honor of the country by I
Baying the Indians were wronged; if through 1
mistake, no matter; if by intention, no matter;
give to this agent whatever is fair and liberal, and
pay him out of the Treasury of the United States.
Yes, sir, give him his pound of flesh, but not one
drop of human blood. Do not rob the Indians;
pay him out of the Treasury; redeem the honor
of the country, and vindicate what little feeling
there is in behalf of the poor Indian.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to correct a state-
ment which I made a short timesincein regard to
the conditionofthe Journal. The vote to which I
referred, which was taken in March, 1353, was on
a proposition to appropriate $66;246 to the Ohio
Shawnees. Upon concurringm that proposition,
the Journal states that there were 13 yeas, and 28
nays. In point of fact, however, I am satisfied
that the vote was cxacily the other way, for all
of those whom I remember, as the warm advo
cates of that appropriation, are put down in the
negative. The appropriation which was made at
that year was put in the bill by a vote of 28 yeas,
against 13 nays. I mention this so that if it
should be necessary hereafter, to refer to this
Journal, it will be recollected that those who are
recorded in the Journal as having voted in the
affirmative, really voted in the negative. Where-
as it appears from the book, that those who op-
pose! the amendment voted for it, and put it in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Dadger
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
moved by the Senator from Michigan to theamend-
ment offered by the Senator from Mississippi to
strikeout "Second Comptroller of the Treasury,"
and insert '• Secretary of the Interior."
Mr. STUART. As the yeas and nays have
not been ordered on that amendment of mine, I
believe I have a right to withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. STUART. I withdraw my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Before that question is
taken, 1 desire to give noiice of a proposition
which I shall offer in lieu of this provision, if it
shall be rejected. I trust the Senate will not agree
to the present amendment, but will give me an
opportunity of offering this:
Sec. —Jlnd be it further enactcd, That non« of ih<*
moneys hereby appropriated, or hercal ter to be appropriated,
shall be pan! to any a<jent or attorney of any ftidtan or In-
dians, except in those cases where the Secretary of th ? In
terior shall, in his opinion, deem the consideration ju«t and
necessary, upon the written assent and order of Mich In-
dian®, fiirly obtained in open council, m the presence of
the United States agent, affr the same has been fully ex-
plained and been duly certified bv Paul agent, and subject,
nevertheless to the final revision of the Secretary ot the
Interior, u ho shall not allow or pay any amount beyond a
lair and jti-t compensation, disregarding ail contracts or
supposed contracts.
Mr. BROWN", That amendment does not at
all cover the case under consideration, but I have
no objection to it as a separate section.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not understand it to be
an amendment to the amendment. It has only
been read for information.
Mr. BROWN called for the yeas and nays on
hb amendment, and thev were ordered; and,
being taken, were—yeas 19, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adatnc, Badger, Bell, Brahiard, Bright,
P>rown,Clayton, Cooper, D^w^on, Fcfesenden, Foot. Janic,
Jones of Tennusf>ee, Morton, Pearce, Seward, Thompson
of Kentucky, Wade, and Wilson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Brodh^ad, Clay,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dod^e of Iowa, Evans, Fitzpatrick,
G^y(;r, Gillette, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, Jones of Iowa,
Ma«on, Pratt, ItuOc, Sebastian, Shdell, Stuart, Sumner,
Toucy, Weller, and Weils—2-1.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am instructed
by the Committee on Military Affairs, unani-
mously, to offer the following amendment:
•And be it further enactedy That the Secretary of War be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay lo Jean
Baptist Faribault and Pelogie Faribault, his wife, thp sum
of.$l-2,0iK), with interest thereupon, from thel2ih of March,
18C9, m full payment of their claim to land at the conflu-
ence of the river* Mississippi and St. Pierre, and on winch
Fort Snelhng now stands.
Mr. HUNTER. Is not that a private claim ?
Mr. JONES of Tennessee. It ia not a private
claim, as I understand it. I will, very briefly,
slate the faets, and I am very sure the Senate will j
not rrject the amendment. In 1832, Colonel Leav-
enworth was sent to make treaties with the In-
dians. He made a treaty with the Sioux tribe;
and, in that treaty, provided that this piece of
ground should be given to the parties named in the
amendment. The wife is an Indian woman, and
she received it as a reservation under that treaty.
Subsequently to that time, the Government of the
United States found that it would be necessary for
the Government to own that land at the conflu-
ence of the Mississippi and St, P<erre rivers. A
resolution passed Congress in 1839, directing the
Secretary of War to purchase it. The purchase
was made. In 1840, a report was made by the
then Secretary of War, that the purchase had
been made. An amendment was placed upon the
Indian appropriation bill to pay her this sum. It
went to the House of Representatives, and was
lost there, with other amendments. Subsequently
to that time, divers Secretaries of Warhavecalled
the attention of Congress to it. The Government
has held the property. It has built Fort Snelling
upon it. It has had it from 1839 down to this
hour. It is an Indian reservation, purchased by
the Government, for which the Government is
bound to pay. It seems to me that not a man on
earth can object to it.
Mr. HUNTER. What is the decision of the
Chair ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
considers that it is a private claim.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I ask now fora vote upon
the amendment which I have offered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Do I understand
the Chatr to decide that my amendment provides
for a private claim?
The PRES1 DING OFFICER. However strong
or just it may be, still, in the opinion of the Chair,
it is a private claim.
Mr. DAWSON. In justice to the committee
who reported the claim, permit me to say a word.
This is to provide for the carrying out of a con-
tract 
Mr. HUNTER. Unless an appeal be taken
from the decision of the Chair,there can be noth-
ing said about the amendment.
Mr. DAWSO V. There has been no decision.
Mr. HUNTER. The Chair has decided that
it is not in order.
Mr. DAWSON". But I have a right to make a
remark in regard to it. It is an appropriation to
carry out a contract of the Government. The
Government have called for the money to pay it.
Now, how that can be a private claim, and thus
be excluded from this bill, I cannot see. The
contract was made by the Government in regard
to that land on which a fort has been erected.
Now suppose the Government goes over into Vir-
ginia and buys from an individual a tract of land,
and erects a fort on it 
Mr. HUNTER. The Chair has decided that
it is a private claim.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. DAWSON. I was going on to say that
the amendment provides for the payment of that
claim which the Government has asked for. Is
that a private claim ? It is to carry out a contract
of the Government—a contract of the entire nation.
They bought Lhe land; they agreed to give $12,000
for it, and now they ask for the money to pay for
it; and because the money is to go to a particular
individual, it is said that it is a private claim. It
is not so. The Government vants the money to
pay the individual for the property which it has
purchased. It is only asking for an appropriation
to carry out this contract. The committee thought
that they knew what they were about. The Gov-
ernment promised to pay so much, and now we
ask the Senate to appropriate the money to pay
it. That is all that is asked—nothing more.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
wishes to state the ground on which he considers
it a private claim. This property, belonging to
the persons mentioned, was purchased by the
Government, and the Government has now been
in possession of it for many years. It is money
due from the Government to the individuals named
in the amendment. It is, undoubtedly, a case of
the highest merit, but still, in the judgment of the
Chair, it is, within the meaning of the rule, a
private claim, if any ca^e in which an individual
had a claim against the Government could be con-
sidered as a private claim.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the Chair
allow me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to suggest whether
this bill might not be laid aside for a moment, to
enable me to make a motion to reconsider the vote
by which we this morning changed our hour of
meeting ? Will it not be a privileged motion ?
Mr. HUNTER. It is not a privileged question
while this bill is under consideration *
