730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
the Department in certain cases to pay. The
policy of the Government is to pay the money
over to those to whom it belongs, and then the
tribe, or the individuals of the tribe, are capable
of disposing of it when it comes into their hands
I am opposed to any interference by which the
Government is prevented from paying over to the
Indian tribe, or to any member of the Indian
tribe, the money which by a treaty in any way
belongs to the tribe or to the individual. After it
is paid to the tribe, I am willing to trust them, the
tribe, or the individual Indian, in the disposition
of that money; but I am not willing to interfere to
give efficacy to those contracts obtained in advance
of the payment. That is the policy of the Gov-
ernment; and I think it should be upheld.
Mr.SEBASTIAN. I am so anxious to obtain
the passage of this bill this evening, that, as I
insisted upon the amendment, I will take the
liberty of withdrawing it. In vindication of the
committee, however, I desire, before that is done,
to say, that the Senator from Connecticut, who is
usually accurate, seems to have misconceived the
object of the amendment. It disregards contracts.
It provides only for a just compensation, according
to the merits of the particular services which have
been rendered. It does not proceed upon theground
that the contract must be enforced. It allows it
only when the Indians themselves are willing to
appropriate it out of their money by an act in
open council, in the presence of the agent of the
United States; and it is to be certified to by him
that it has been explained, and it is also to be
subject, finally, to the revision of the Secretaty of
the Inte  or. It makes that ordinary provision
out of the Indian moneys, with their consent; and
with those guardian restrictions, it was supposed
by the committee to obtain that just policy which,
by avoiding extremes, would neither plunder the
Indian, nor rob the agent. It was intendtd to be
general. After making these few remarks in
explanation, L withdraw the amendment.
1 have another amendment. I am confident of
the sanction of the committee for it. It is to pay
the expenses of an investigation ordered by a res-
olution of the Senate last year, and confided to the
Attorney General, but which could not be per-
formed by him in his own person. lie has had
to employ three clerks for the purpose of carrying
out that resolution of the Senate. Upon an estimate
which has been furnished, I ask that an appropri-
ation may be made. The amendment is as fol-
lows:
For paying the expenses of one commissioner and two
clerks, employed by the Attorney General in the invt-'Miga-
tiou directed by the resolution of the Senate of the 3d of
'August, 18.il, dollars : Provided, That said resolution,
and any other since adopted, relating to the &ame subject,
be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
blank to be filled.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move to fill it with
$2 000.
The motion was agreed to; and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. There is a verbal amend-
ment, to which I have already called the atten-
tion of the Secretary It is in the amendment in
relation to the roll of the Cherokees. I wish to
strike out "D. W. Siler," and insert "John C.
Molloy."
The correction was made.
Mr. BROWN. I now beg leave to offer an
amendment looking to the settlement of the ac-
counts, which have been so long under discussion
here, between the Menomonee Indians, and Rich-
ard W, Thompson. 1 suppose there can be no
objection to it. I know that some of those who
opposed the former amendment very strenuously,
have no objection to this. It does not look to the
appropriation of any money at all. It provides for
a. simple settlement of the accounts. It is:
jjnA be it further enaded, That the Second Comptroller
of the Treasury be, and he hereby is, authorized and re-
quired to determine, according to the principles of law and
equity, what amount is due from the Menomonee Indnnd
to Richard W.Thompson, of Indiana, for services len-
dered them as attorney, commencing m I8C.0, in the prose-
cu'ion otiftH chim for additional compensation lor lauds
ced-'d by them to the United States, by the treaty of 1848 ;
and that he lepjrt the same to Congress at the commence-
Bient of the next s>ession.
The question was put, and the Chair declared
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. BROWN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
I did notsuppose that there would be any objection
to it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. I want to inquire of the Senator
from Mississippi if the object of the amendment
which was rejected a little while ago, was to in-
tercept this money from the Indians and pay it to
the attorney >
Mr. BROWN. I suppose it is hardly worth
while to return to that amendment.
Mr. MASON. I did not hear that amendment.
I was called from the Senate very often while it
was under consideration. I only mean to say
that, unless some reason can be assigned, I do not
know why we should interpose between the In-
diana and the fund which is due to them, when
we would not interpose between any other per-
sons and a fund due fo them.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senate will listen, I will
explain the amendment in a very few words. It
will be seen that it does not propose to pay any
money to «Mr. Thompson, or anybody else. Here
is an outstanding: claim of Thompson against the
Indians. This Government has interfered to pre-
vent the settlement of it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. How?
Mr. BROWN. Because our Indian' Commis-
sioner will not settle it. lie takes theground that
Thompson was not entitled to any compensation
for his services. I do not believe anybody else
agrees with him. Mr. Thompson now asks that
the account be stated; and that the statement be
made to us at the next session of Congress. The
discussion to-day has certainly thrown some sort
of suspicion over this transaction. Then, Mr.
Thompson says, let the matter stand over until
the next session; let gentlemen have all the sum-
mer to investigate it thoroughly, and, when the
question of appropriation comes up, you can rein-
vestigate it. It proposes nothing on earth, except
to state the account, to see how much it is. I can-
not see, for the life of me, why we should not do
that.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I avail myself of this oppor-
tunity to say that I regiet I was called out and did
not have an opportunity of voting upon the former
amendment which, I learn, has already been de-
cided by the Senate. 1 should have voted for the
claim had I had the opportunity of voting; but
I should have desired to accompany it with the
declaration distinctly, that I did not sympathize at
all with any "-efiections made upon the Commis-
sioneroflridi \ Affairs. I believehe is oneof the
most prompt, /aithful, business-like, and honest
officers we have ever had in the Government; and
the only regret and hesitation I should have had
in voting for the claim would have been that some
of its advocates have ca?tsome imputations on that
Commissioner. I shall vote now for this prop-
osition of the Senator from Mississippi. I think
it is reasonable and fair, and that we ought to
arrive at some settlement of the question in order
to get at it in the next Congress; otherwise we
shall have it here forever.
Mr. BAYARD. This amendment seems to
me, in principle, to be very much the same as the
one which was presented to the Senate before,
and discussed. If it does not require the money
to be paid by the Government, it is, at least, an
interference of the Government in contracts be-
tween the Indian and the agent, or attorney, as
against the Government. I think this wrong in
principle. I have not examined the law on the
subject; but I understood the honorable Senator
from Connecticut to state, that under our law no
contract of that kind made with an Indian can be I
valid. If that be the law of the United States,
what an absurdity would it be for the Senate and
House, by a provision of this kind, to provide for
ascertaining, on principles of equity and justice,
what is due to a party for a contract that is not
valid in law ?
Mr. BROWN. If my friend will allow me,
the Senator from Connecticut is altogether right
in stating what the law is now. The law, how- j
ever, was passed in 1852. The contract was 1
made in 1850; and the services were rendered |
before the law was passed. I do not suppose, if ]
this ontract was valid m the beginning, the Gov- j
ernment would interposetwo years afterwards, to j
set it aside. i
Mr. BAYARD. I do not so understand the [
honorable Senator from Connecticut. The law i
of 1852, it strikes my recollection—but the Sena- I
tor from Connecticut, I see, will explain the
matter himself.
Mr. TOUCEY. The law was the same prior
to 1852 as practised by the Department, ai d as I
think, expressly provided. I am sure that the
subject was up before, and that was held to be the
law.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator will oblige me if
he will point to the law. A practice of the De-
partment is no law at all. The Executive officers
cannot make a law.
Mr. BAYARD. The law of 1852, as I under-
stand it, required the payment of the money to the
Indians per capita. The object was to prevent any
payment, under any circumstances, to any but
the Indians themselves; but the antecedent rule
may have existed under a general law before that,
that these prospective contracts made before, and
the services rendered, were asrair.st the policy of
the law, and therefore void. I should like to look
into that. But what strikes me still more strongly
as an objection to this proposition, is that it is an
attempt to engraft upon a general appropriation
bill, an amendment which I think is directly con-
trary to the general policy of the law at all events.
Give us time to see it on a private bill. Bring it
in separately; and if reasons can be given why
this excepted case should be made, I am willing
to vote for such a bill. I do not think it regularly
comes here before the Senate upon an amendment
to a general appropriation bill; I am, therefore,
opposed to it on the ground I mentioned. If it
was not the law, it ought to have been the law at
all times, that the Government of the United States
should not interfere for the purpose of securing
the payment of agents for services employed
against itself.
Mr. WELLER. It seems to me that this is a
very plain question. Here is an agent who has
performed services for a tribe of Indians. Every-
body concedes that he has performed the services.
They were performed under a contract made in
violation of no existing law at that time. So
far as the amendment disposes of this case, it is
simply a proposition that the officer who has
charge of the settlementof all the Indian accounts,
shall investigate the subject and reporf all the facta
to us for our decision and sanction. There is the
whole of it. It is in the nature of a simple resolu-
tion of inquiry, instructing the officer to ascertain
the facts, tell us what those services were,and, in
his judgment, how much ought to be paid; and
at the next session we shall decide the question
whether we wiil pay him or not. Whether he shall
be paid out of the Treasury, or out of the annui-
ties of the Indians, is a matter of no consequence
to the question; whether we shall instruct that
officer, who has charge of this whole subject, and
who ought to know all the facts, to report those
facts to us before we finally decide.
Mr PRATT. I did not vote against the former
amendment because I believed any of the charges
made af<aint the party intended to be benefited "by
it; but I voted against it for the reason alone that,
according to my conception, it was in dire't con-
flict with the settled policy of the Government in
regard to Indian annuities. I recollect, and [ am
sure I cannot be mistaken, that when the act of
1852 was under discussion, the great question in
it was whether it should be retroactive; and, by
the terms of the Jaw, it will be perceived that
it unquestionably is retroactive. 1 know that I
voted, and I think, sir, you voted in the same
way, for the purpose of making it retroactive.
The object of that law, and its effect were, not to
render illegal contracts which were antecedent,
but, as between the parties making it, to prevent
the question of the legality of that contract coming
in conflict with any claim of any Indian upon the
United States. The act of 1852 directs that ail
appropriations which are made to the Indians shall
be paid per capita to the Indians. It was not
intended to render illegal any contract which the
tribe of Indians may have made with any agent,
or set of agents; but it simply says that that agent
shall not receive, from the Government of the
United States, the money, the Indians receiving
what might remain after there had been deducted
the amount of the contract with him; but that the
money shall be paid directly to the Indians, so as
to leave it to the Indians, and to the attorney to
settle the question between themselves, with regard
to what their contract was. It is not our pui-
pose to adjudicate—it is not the province of this
