736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14.
that $40,000 has already swelled to more than
$1,050,000, and this bill proposes, without further
examination, to increase it still further by appro-
priating now another $1,500,000.
Mr. Speaker, it was well that some revisory
power was given to the Secretary of the Treasury
over these claims. I regret exceedingly that he
and his successors did not use the pruning knife
on the claims allowed more vigorously. If we
could examine all of them it would be most appa-
rent that the provisions of the treaty providing for
indemnity to Spanish subjects had been fully ex-
ecuted with prodigal liberality, and that these
claimants have already received sums abundantly
sufficient to pay all losses, damages, and interest.
Are we under obligation to do more than this?
The treaty has already been fulfilled—liberally,
generously fulfilled.
Sir, 1 have a copy of abstracts of some of these
claims which were awarded and paid at the Treas-
ury Department, which I will read to the House
presently, and which will show, in my judgment,
the most monstrous exaggeration, if not fraud,
ever allowed by this Government. Yes, sir, the
most monstrous. I have before me abstracts of
claims which were awarded, and every dollar
paid by the Secretary of the Treasury, the perusal
of which ought to make an honest man blush.
Mr. Woodbury, in 1835, was the first Secre-
tary of the Treasury who refused to allow interest
upon these awards.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. If the gentleman will allow
me, I desire to ask him a question. He has
stated that Mr. Woodbury dir.-tllowed interest
upon the awards paid by him. Now, 1 wish to
ask, if General Harrison and his Secretary of the
Treasury did not also disallow it upon the awards
Eaid by them, and whether General Taylor and
is Secretary of the Treasury (Mr. Ewirg) did
not make the same decision as Mr. Woodbury ?
Mr. ORR. That decision has notbeen reversed
by a single Secretary of the Treasury during a
single Administration from 1835, the time Mr.
Woodbury made his decision, down to the present
time.
Now, sir, I desire the House to see how wise
it was to confer this discretionary power upon the
Secretary of the Treasury to revise these awards.
Sir, how were they adjudicated ? Was counsel
sent, to represent the United States? Not at all.
The whole of these claims came up before the
judges, and before the Secretary of the Treasury,
wholly upon ex parte evidence. The showing
was an ex parte statement. There was nobody
there to contest them. Those who alleged that
they had suffered, and chose to present their
claims, presented them, and they were audited,
and nothing was said or done to protect the Gov-
ernment from the most enormous frauds from
being perpetrated.
Now, sir, I think the abstract to which I have
alluded, of the awards in some of these cases, will
show how little care or caution was taken in ex-
amining these claims, and how liberally these
sufferers have already been paid. The first claim
I shall refer to is that of Zepheniah Kingsley,and
here it is:
In the claim of Zepheniah Kingstey the principal is
stated that, for the Josa of crops, two thirds the estimated
appraisal is allowed.
This is said to have been the piinciple of previous decis-
ions. Date of award, August 13,1843.
In this award seventeen thousand five hundred pounds of
ginned and packed cotton was alto wed, at fifty cents ppr
pound   $8,750
Twenty-five thousand pounds ofcotton in the seed,
atfifteen cents per pound  3,750
$12,509
I ask the gentleman to notice that the cotton
for which these amounts were claimed and paid,
was not for cotton that was actually destroyed,
but for the crop he claims that he was prevented
from raising.
Mr. PRESTON. What is the date of that
claim ?
Mr. ORR. It was some time in the year 1812,
I think. The precise date is not given.
The next claim to which I shall ask the atten-
tion of the House is of John Fraser, deceased,for
losses sustained in East Florida—-and, by the
way, that does not sound like a Spanish name.
The treaty provided that no persons, except Span-
ish subjects, should be entitled to the benefit of
the provisions, or of the stipulations, which I read
to the House at the opening of my remarks.
Here is the claim:
•Award tn the matter of the claim of the executors of John
Fraser. deceased, fjr tosses in En>t Fhrida. in 18ia and
1813.
For the crop's of the Greenfield plantation for 1812, $«2,087
For crops of the same plantation for 1813, or dam-
ages tfor being prevented from planting that year,
say two thirds of the value of crops of previous
year  54,725
[But, sir, there is another item even
worse than that ]
Crop<a of the rice plantation on the St. Mary's, in
1812  11,600
For crops in the snrrn? plantation, in 1813, or dam-
aged lor being prevented Irom making crops that
year, say    7,734
For merchandise destroyed, (vide testimony, par-
ticularly Itichards's answer to forty-ninth inter-
rogatory,) which is included in the first petition, 1.000
Making $157,146, which has already been paid
to this claimant, and now this bill proposes to pay
the same claimant something more than $160,000
in addition. Two large items being for crops that
were never planted. Is it not preposterous, Mr.
Speaker ? Can it be that as extravagant, as prodi-
gal as we are with the public money, can it be
that a claim of this character will be allowed to
pass the House of Representatives?
Well, Mr Speaker, to quiet the fears of many
gentlemen upon this subject who may suppose
that I have gone and hunted out these particular
cases, I desire to state that they were called for by
me, and that they are abstracts of the two or three
first claims that the auditors laid their hands upon.
They have not been gotten up for the occasion,
and if time had permitted, if 1 had been allowed
the opportunity, 1 believe that I should have been
able to have brought documents here showing that
the awards of these judges for the benefit of these
claimants allowed them from two dollors to five
dollars per bushel for sweet potatoes! and other
charges equally extortionate.
Mr. Speaker, I do not desire, unnecessarily, to
detain the House upon this subject. £>ut I felt
that it was necessary that something should be
said. I feit that it was necessary that a bill pro-
posing to appropriate this large sum of money
should be discussed. 1 have no doubt that the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, and many
of the members of that committee, have been de-
ceived into making a report in favor of this claim
by cx parte statements. It is a long and difficult
matter to go through nil the documents in such
cases. I myself have not been able to wade
through all of them. There is one other docu-
ment which I have not adverted to—a report sub-
mitted by Mr. Forsyth, < f Georgia, when he was
a member of the House of Representatives, adverse
to this very claim, prior to the passage even of the
act of 1834, and when it was supposed that we
should only have to pav $40,000 for all the spoli-
ations committed in 1812, 1813, and 1814.
Mr. Speaker, these claimants have already re-
ceived more than they are entitled to, in my judg-
ment, They have already received three dollars
for spoliations where their property was only in-
jured to the amount of one dollar; and I protest
against the payment now of interest upon these
spoliation claims that have already been paid. I
call upon gentlemen on this floor to vote against
this bill, at least until they have had explained to
them the facts which I have felt it to be my duty
to bring before the House for its consideration.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
I will give way to my friend from Florida when I
have finished my argument, for I am sure that I
shall not be under the necessity of speaking for
more than half an hour in reply to the extrava-
gant assertions and arguments of the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr.] And here I
beg leave to inform my friend from South Caro-
lina that f have not been deceived into making this
report. J had before me the representations of
the present Secretary of the Treasury, made in
his elaborate report, together with a statement of
all these cases. I have also considered the opin-
ions of all the Attorneys General, and all theSec-
retaries who have ever examined the claims I
think I shall be able, in a very few words, and in
a very short time, to show gentlemen that all the
enormities which that gentleman has pictured are
the creation of his own imagination, and are not
facts connected with this case.
Now, sir, in the first place, as to the losses.
The assertion of Mr. White, made in 1834, to the
effect that these claims would not amount to more
than $40,000, 1 am at a loss to exp'din. I do not
know what motives could have induced him to
make such a representation, varying so much
from the facts as they were subsequently estab-
lished before the judicial tribunals. But whatever
may have been the causes of that assertion on the
part of Mr. White, they have no control, and
ought not to have any effect uportthe decision of
this case. I believe, from having looked into the
representations of Mr. White, who was extremely
anxious and ardent in his advocacy of the claims
which originated in West Florida, that his allu-
sion was to those claims, and not to those which
originated in East Florida.
1 wish now to call theattention of thegentleman
from South Carolina to the important fact, that in
1849, after a million and a quarter of theseclaims
had been paid, the Congress of the United States
passed a bill to authorize other parties who had
not presented their claims in time, under the pre-
vious act, to present them and have them adju-
dicated. Congress was not then ignorant of the
amount which had been established, by proof
patisfactory to the judges and the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. ORR. I concede that fact. The Con-
gress of the United States was appealed to by
parties who had not presented their claims before
the judges, under the previous act, and it was
said that, if those parties had good claims, they
ought to be paid, even although the time had ex-
pired. Congress simply said to those parties:
Come in and piove your claims, and we will do
you the same justice that we have done to those
who presented their claims in time.
Mr. STANTON. Exactly. That is true.
But Congress did that after a million of these
claims had been paid, and with the distinct knowl-
edge that such an amount had been awarded
under the previous law.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let me say a few words in
reference to these "enormous" cases, which the
gentleman from South Carolina hns cited here.
'These occurrences took place in 1812 *13. What
was the condition of this country at that time?
Does not everybody know that a certain port in
Florida was almost the only neutral port in the
world ? Does not everybody know that the staple
productions of the country, and especially cotton,
bore an immense price at that time? And can
my friend from South Carolina say that the esti-
mate put upon the cotton that was destroyed by
the American army—even although it might be
fifteen cents per pound for seed cotton, and fifty
cents per pound for ginned cotton—was not the
price current of that time?
^ Again, pir, the gentleman from South Carolina
ridicules the idea of some of these parties having
been reimbursed by these judges for damages re-
sulting from their having been prevented, by the
operations of the American army, from making
their crops. Well,I submit it to every lawyer in
this Hous*; I submit it to ev'ery man of common
sense, whether that is not just as legitimate an
object for indemnification as the destruction of a
growing crop? Suppose, in the spring of the year,
when I have just plowed my land, and got my
seed ready to plant, when I have my negroes or
hired laborers ready to perform the work, and all
my contracts depending on it, an army marches
through the country, breaks down my fences,
burns my house, and drives away my whole force
of laborers from the plantation, will thegentleman
from South Carolina say that that is not just as
legitimate a ground for indemnification as if the
crop had been growing ?
Sir, it is unnecessary for me to go further in
reference to that point; but I tell the honorable gen-
tleman that if he will examine all the proceedings
in reference to those cases which he has quoted,
he will find that Mr. Secretary Woodbury, before
he paid the awards, sent the papers and the testi-
mony back to the judges in Florida, and ordered
them to take new testimony.
The gentleman says that the Government of the
United States had no counsel. Now,sir, although
the judges were not bound to obey the instructions
of the Secretary of the Treasury, yet they did,
from comity and deference to the Secretary, re-
open and take new testimony in every case in
which Secretary Woodbury, or any other Secre-
