THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TI1E OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1855.
New Series.....No. 47..
tary of the Treasury, thought that an unreason-
able allowance had been made. On thesegrounds,
if on no other, I think the gentleman from South
Carolina is utterly precluded from raising the ob-
jec'ion that these claimants have had already
paid to them a larger amount than they were en-
titled to. The cases in which the amount of
award was considered too large by the Secretary,
were sent back for reexamination; and when the
Secretary did decide upon them, he allowed these
claims, with all the testimony before him, as just I
and equitable within the provisions of the treaty. |
Sir, t beg that gentleman [Mr. Orr] to under- |
stand this point of law which I put to him, and !
to every other lawyer in the House, that it was '
not on this ground that tiie Secretary of the Treas-
ary refused to pay interest; not on the ground that
the parties had been allowed more than they were
entitled to; not on the ground that the assessments
were extravagant; but on the single ground, as
stated by Mr. Woodbury himself m these words:
"Approved, with the exception of interest, which,
it is believed, has not been allowed in any similar
case."
I beg leave to refer you, Mr. Speaker, to the
letter written by Mr. Spencer, who was Secretary
of the Treasury, and who had the decision of these
claims during his term of office. Mr. Secretary
Spencer says:
" T am quite certain that, in considering the powpr of the
Secretary to revise the decision^ of the judges ui Florida,
on clann>und<'r th«' above acts, f did not take into view the
question wlx-ther iht* ine*«-UM! of compensation lor losses
was to be found according t<  the rule pr-bribed by the
 aw of natio i!=, but rather regarded it as a question anting
under our acts of Congress, and to be d^oded on the same
principle which governs in o;i-5es of claims by our own
citizens- on our own Government. Whttever decision I
made on the question ot interest on the Florida claims, had
reference to ,ro pective interest accruing after theuivaid
was 771- de, or to liie allowance of interest eo ?iourine, and
not as a measure of compensation at the time of the awaid
for the lo^es of propcitj ; and so far as my deciMons may
be questioned, tin y are not to have any bearing on the
points* herein stated."
Judge Bibb, another of the Secretaries, says:
ii I signed an order drawn up by one of the clerks accord-
ing to the form previously observed in like cases."
Although I read from a printed pamphlet, I have
before me the manuscript letters cf these and other
distinguished gentlemen, Secretaries and Attor-
neys General, to the same effect.
Now, sir, Judge Bibb signed an order written
by one of the clerks, and he says it was a blunder,
and that if the question had been brought to his
mind he could not have decided in that way.
Well, how did Mr. Secretary Woodbury treat
these cases? lie said " approved with the excep-
tion of interest." This is his exact language—
with the exception of interest, which, if is be-
lieved, has not been allowed in similar cases." That
is the whole thing. Now, Mr. Woodbury might
have intended the case to apply only to accruing
prospective interest, as stated by Mr. Spencer. He
might not have intended it to apply to the interest
allowed by the Florida judges, and incorporated
in the body of their awards. It is possible, and
I might even say probable, that his order was
misconstrued by the accounting officers. It seems I
afterwards to have been followed as a precedent '
without question, and with little consideration.
I am aware that when I quote the statements of
these distinguished gentlemen, made after their
retirement from office, it will be said that malign
influences have operated upon them. There might
be some plausibility in this objection, if there were
only one or two who had placed themselves in this
position, and if their well known character did not
shield them from such an imputation. But when
there is such a general concurrence among these
distinsu'shed gentlemen, the suspicion of their
being influenced by undue motives, or controlled
by a"pliant and yielding disposition, becomes pre-
posterous. The fact must, therefore, stand out
as unquestionable, that most of the Secretaries
who are quoted as having decided against the
present claims, did not intend their decisions to
have that effect.
The gentleman from South Carolina remarked,
47
in the commencement of his speech, that this bill
was designed to overrule the consistent action of
theTreasury Department from 1834 down to the
present time. I do not so understand it. It is
not to overrule the Department in any particular;
for, by the declaration of Mr. Guthrie, in his
report which 1 have here, it is stated that the de-
cision was based upon the usages of Ike Department,
and the precedents in these cases; that is, upon the
supposed principle that the Department was not
authorized in any case to pay interest. It was
not a decision against the propriety and justice of
the allowance as made by the judges.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let us look at this position
for a single moment. " The Department is not
authorized in any case to pay interest." Well,
now, the Secretary of the Treasury, according to
the view of my friend from South Carolina—in
which view, however, I do not concur—was act-
inias a commissioner in deciding upon these cases,
and not as Secretary of the Treasury. He was
acting as a judge, as an appellate tribunal, accord-
ing to his idea, to review the decisions made by
the Florida judges. If he was not acting as Sec-
i-tary of the Treasury, he was acting under the
law of nations, and should have been controlled
by the principles of public law, which have gov-
erned the United Stares in all similar cases, and
which have governed not only the United States,
but every Government on the face of the earth,
and every court that has ever decided questions
of the kind, as 1 have shown in my report, quot-
ing the decisions of the courts and the action of
the Government in similar cases.
Mr. < LINGMAN. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee let me state a single word before he
sits down ?
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from North
Carolina will excuse me f.ir the present. Every
man who considers this case must acknowledge
that if the Secretary had the power to review and
alter the awards of the judges, that could not have
been in his capacity as a mere ministerial paying
officer. He was not acting as Secretary of the
Treasury—he was acting as a commissioner, or a
judge. Elis functions, which he seems to have
confounded with the ordinary duties of his office,
were of a wholly different character. I do not
mean to be understood as admitting that the Secre-
tary had any such authority under the law; but I
insist that, upon the supposition of his having
such authority, he was invested with a new char-
acter. and had no right to apply the " usages of
the Department" to a case originating under a
treaty. The great principles of international law
were the only principles upon which his decisions
ought to have been founded. To repudiate those
principles now, upon whatever pretext, will be,
in my judgment, a gross violation of public faith.
Mr OP..II, (interrupting.) I desire to call the
attention of the House, and particularly that of the
gentleman from Tennessee, to the second section of
the act of 1823, to indicate the discretion which
was intended to be confided to the Secretary of
the Treasury, " who, on being satisfied (that is,
the Secretary of the Treasury,) that the same is
just and equitable within the provisions of the
treaty, shall pay," &c.
Mr. STANTON. Exactly.
Mr. OUR. " Equitable and just" is the general
direction, and the controlling of that " equitable
and just" is, that it shall be embraced within the
treaty.
Mr. STANTON. True, such is the language
of the act of Congress; but I refer to the treaty in
order to show that the position assumed by gen-
tlemen here and elsewhere, and attempted to be
sustained by the decisions of the Supreme Court,
namely, that the Secretary of the. Treasury had
the po#er to review this case and to decide as he
did, cannot be sustained uponany sound principle
of construction. I shall presently urgueand show
th^t even if the Secretary of the Treasury had
such an authority, he decided wrong; that his
de-ision is against every principle that has been
ever adopted in similar cases by every sort of tri-
bunal. But t say that he had no such authority.
And I take that position on the very ground of
the decision of the Supreme Court, or rather of
the two decisions of the Supreme Court of tha
United States, q* quoted in Ferreira's case, and
in the note appended by Judge Taney. In the
case of Hale Todd, as stated in a note appended
to the case quoted—it being a manuscript case and
never reported—the judges could not act in the
capacity of commissioners. Why ? Because a
commissioner is a judicial officer of the Govern-
ment, under the Constitution. He is clothed with
a sort of judicial power, and certainly exercises
high functions of a very important character; he
cannot, therefore, be nominated by an act of Con-
gress.. That is the effect of the decision of the
Supreme Court, as I understand it, in the case of
Hale Todd, as reported in 13 Howard. Judge
Taney directed the note to be appended to the
report of the case, although he does not correct
his decision in any particular, and, for aught I
know, he may still entertain the same views as
when he first drew up his opinion.
I must, with all deference to that distinguished
gentleman, and the court over which he presided,
dissent i,i toto from theeffectand operation of these
opinions. The Government of the United States
might probably appoint judges to be commission-
ers in the constitutional mode; but it must be done
by regular appointment, with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, before a party can exercise the
function of his office. I appeal to every gentle-
man present, whether this is not a truth which no
man can deny. But, then, it may be said, as Judge
Taney intimates, that the whole of these proceed-
ings are void. Not at all; because by treaty these
claims were to be adjudicated by process of law, and
because, by the act of Congress, the Florida judges
were clothed with authority and jurisdiction over
them. It is a fair and universal rule of construc-
tion, that if a law can be understood to do a proper,
constitutional thing, it ought to be so construed,
and not so as to be void 8nd without effect. Con-
gress has the power to extend the jurisdiction of
any particular court, tt had the power to extend
the jurisdiction of the Florida courts to the adju-
dication of these cases. It is only a fair construc-
tion of the act of 1823, to consider it as extending
the jurisdiction of the Florida courts, in order to
fulfill the treaty obligation,and to determine these
cases by process of law.
By theact of Congress, the judges of thedistrict
courts in the Territory of Forida wereauthorized to
make theadjudication. One of these judges after-
waids resigned, and other judges were appointed
under a different sy&tem, who went on to adjudi-
cate the'Se claims, which were settled at the Treas-
ury. Does not this fact show that these judges
were not appointed commissioners in their personal
capacity, but that as courts they were clothed with
jurisdiction to decide these cases. If this argu-
ment be sound, it follows, as a matter of course,
that the Secretary of the Treasury could have had
no authouty whatever to review thfir decisions.
If the Florida judges acted in their official capacity
as a court, then the principle is too plain for argu-
ment that an appeal could not be granted to an ex-
ecutive officer. Such a thing would be a solecism
m our political system, which vests the judicial
authority in separate officers, and not in the Ex-
ecutive Departments. But if the principle were
dliferent, a more unfair and partial tribunal for the
adjudication of international demands could not
be well devised. The very instinct of a paying
officer is to resist all demands, and to pay only
upon positive law, settled and applied by other
authority.
But what was the effect of the language used iit
the act of 1823, directing the Secretary to pay
these adjudications? It gave authority simply to
I see that the cases were justly and equitably within
I the provisions of the treaty. -The same authority
j is vested in every ministerial officer whose duty it
i is to execute the orders or judgments of a court.
' If he attempts an arrest he is guilty of false im-
prisonment, unless the court had power to issue
the process upon which he acts. He is bound to
know, at his peril, that he is not acting upon an
