738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
order which was beyond the authority and juris-
diction of the court. Just in the same way, and
to the same extent, the Secretary of the Treasury
was authorized, by the law of 1823, to examine
the grounds and evidences upon which these were
based, in order to ascertain whether they were
within the provisions of the treaty.
Mr. ORR, (interrupting.) 1 have hurriedly
glanced over the note to the decision to which the
gentleman has directed my attention. I do not
think that the opinion there expressed conflicts at
all with the opinion given by C®ef Justice Taney.
The second point made in the note is this:
" That, as the act of Congress intended to confer the
power on the courts, as a judicial function, it could not be
considered as an authority to the judges composing the court
exercise the power out of court in the character of com-
missioners."
I do not see how there is any conflict between
the two.
Mr. STANTON. I look upon the effect of the
decision in an entirely different light from my
friend from South Carolina. The case of Ferreira
was carried up to the Supreme Court of the United
States, at the suggestion of the Secretary of the
Treasury, for the purpose of determining the
question of interest. The district attorney of the
United States was directed to argue and contest
that case before the judges in Florida. He did so,
and the judge [Bronson] delivered one of the most
learned, forcible, and conclusive opinions that I
have ever read. I now have it before me, and if
it werenecessary, I could quote passages showing
that the decision of the Secretary was utterly un-
warranted by any principle of law. The Supreme
Court of the United States, whatever they may
have said in their decision, have not touched the
points contested in that case. They dismissed the
appeal for want of jurisdiction, and having no
jurisdiction of the case, whatever they may have
said upon any point involved, is not a decision—it
is, in technical language, a mere obiter dictum, and
ought not to be cited as authority, especially when
their argument is against well settled principles of
constitutional construction.
But now, Mr. Speaker, suppose the Secretary
of the Treasury had authority to review these
cases; and suppose, in pursuance of that authority,
he has decided those claims upon the grounds
upon which he has placed his decision, and sup-
pose, further, he has committed a gross error,
what is Congress to do? If you will read the
opinions of the Attorneys General, from the incep-
tion of this controversy, you will find that every
one of them entirely overlooks the principles of
public law applicable to the case, and bases his
opinion solely and distinctly upon " the usage of
the Department." I have already shown, I think,
that whatever authority the Secretary may have
had to review the awards and modify them, it
could not have been in his capacity of Secretary,
but in the wholly different one of commissioner or
judge. If the judges in Florida did not act as
judges, the Secretary of the Treasury did not act as
a mere Executive officer. He was, therefore, not
at all confined to the principles governing in the
ordinary routine of departmental business. He was
a judge, adjudicating treaty obligations, and sub-
ject only to the principles applicable in such cases.
In that capacity of judge, he has decided a prin-
ciple of international law contrary to every author-
ity to be found upon the face of the globe. I ask if
we ought not to correct these mistakes made by
the Secretary of the Treasury ? Here is the opin-
ion of the present Attorney General, in which he
distinctly admits that the weight of authority—and
he ought to have said all authority—is against the
decision of the Treasury officer. But, admitting
the weight of authority to be against it, he says:
" I recommend, therefore, that the matter be now laid
before Congress in the form required by the resolution of
the Senate."
For what purpose? Todecidea great principle
of international law, which is to control this Gov-
ernment, and all other Governments, in all similar
cases.
Sir, I have not, like the gentleman from South
Carolina, thought it necessary or proper to go
behind the decisions of the Florida judges. The
Secretary has not attempted to go behind them.
He has approved the awards. Let this fact be dis-
tinctly understood. Whatever authority he may
itave thought proper to exercise, in reviewing the
cases and ordering them back, he has approved
the awards, and they stand unimpeached and
unimpeachable upon any just principle, notwith-
standing the violent denunciation of the gentleman
from South Carolina.
Mr. ORR. The Secretary of the Treasury, in
the exercise of the authority conferred upon him
by the act of 1823, rejected many of the claims
which were sent to him by those judges.
Mr. STANTON. TheSecretary of the Treas-
ury did reject, and send them back, and the judges
were in all instances directed to reexamine them,
and take new proof. These cases were sifted as
thoroughly as ever any cases were sifted in any
court of justice. The interests of the United States
were carefully attended to, both by the judges and
by the Secretary of the Treasury. Every sort of
testimony in the knowledge of either of the parties
was directed to be taken, and it was only when
the cases were thus sifted that they came back to
the Secretary of the Treasury, and were by him
approved. I beg the House will understand this
fact, that the Secretary approved these decisions,
and allowed them, with the exception of the in-
terest, wnich he believed was not allowed in
similar cases. There was his mistake. There
was his plain violation of authority, because he
approved the estimates of the judges of the judicial
tribunal which made them, and he pronounced
upon a mere point of law, in which the Florida
judges were right, and he was wrong. I place
this important fact against the loud and violent
assertions of the gentleman from South Carolina.
The Secretary did not consider or decide that the
Florida judges had allowed too much. On the
contrary, he admitted their awards, and indorsed
them with his approval; but he accompanied his
approval with a decision against the allowance of
interest. I insist that the action of the Secretary
shall be considered precisely according to its legit-
imate force and effect, which was to sanction the
facts and estimates of the Florida judges, and to
overrule them in the application of a rule of law.
I therefore maintain, that the awards are not open
to question except so far as the interest is con-
cerned. The gentleman from South Carolina is
not justified upon any principle in going behind
these awards. But if he were, it would be unfair
and illiberal to stigmatize the awards, approved as
they have been, without looking at the testimony
on which they were made.
The whole question, therefore, being narrowed
down to the poiat of law involved in the decision
of the Secretaries, I feel that it would be an insult
to the intelligence of this House, and especially of
the many professional lawyers in it, to produce
an argument to show the error committed. I con-
tent myself with referring to the authorities quoted
in my report. No one has contested those cita-
tions of authority. The principle stands ac-
knowledged. Every court, and every commission
have fllowed interest in like cases. Our Govern-
ment demands it upon all occasions; and, as I have
heretofore said, we must hereafter abandon all
such claims, and announce a new principle in the
law of nations if we refuse to pay the present
demand. It will be the foulest violation of past
obligations, it is true; but we shall measurably
redeem ourselves, if, in repudiating this debt, we,
at the same time, announce that we shall always
act upon the same principle when we make de-
mands of indemnity from other Governments.
My friend from South Carolina alluded to the
fact that tTie Florida judges had been allowed addi-
tional compensation for their service in these
cases. I cannot see that this fact h^s any bearing
upon the question. They were required to take
cognizance of cases which opened up a new field
for adjudication, which greatly increased their
labors for a period of several years. It was just
as reasonable to allow them additional compensa-
tion as if they had been appointed in the capacity
of commissioners.
I will now yield to the gentleman from Florida,
[Mr. Maxwell,] upon the condition that he will
call the previous question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I appeal to the gentleman
to allow me a few moments to make an explana-
tion in a matter personal to myself. It will be
found that I voted the other day to suspend the
rules to take up this bill. Before doing so, how-
ever, I went across the Hall to the chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary, [Mr. Stanton,
of Tennessee,] and informed him that I was will-
ing the bill snould be considered, as I am that
all demands should be considered; but I desired
to know whether, if the rules were suspended to
take it up, he intended to move the previous ques-
tion, or to allow it to be discussed. He replied it
was his intention to allow it to be debated.
Under that impression, and with, that understand-
ing of the matter, I voted to suspend the rules to
takeit up. It was taken up; and after the gentle-
man had spoken upon it, he moved the previous
question. 1 then reminded the gentleman of th«
conversation we had had, and appealed to him to
withdraw the demand for the previous question,
and let the matter be examined in debate. He
declined to do so, and I informed him I should
vote against the bill, although he had made out a
plausibleprima/acie case. I shall vote against it;
and in doing so, 1 act upon this principle: ihat
when any one proposes to make an inroad upon
the Treasury to a large amount, and refuses to
allow discussion and debate, I assume that the
measure will not bear discussion and investiga-
tion. I remember two or three bad bills have
been passed by this House, and all on account of
their being put through under the operation of
the previous question; but I do not know of a
single instance, in my time, where a claim against
the Treasury, of any amount, has been wrongfully
passed after a full and free discussion upon it.
Mr. KERR. I wish to remind the gentleman
that the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Orb] has gone into the whole case, in opposition
to the bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 am speaking principally
of what occurred the other day. I think the gen-
tleman from South Carolina showed conclusively
that the bill ought to be defeated. But I was about
remarking—and I hope gentlemen will bear it in
mind—that 1 think every gentleman ought to be
prepared to vote against any money demand when
its friends come forward and refuse to allow an
investigation of it. I would just as soon, were I
one of a jury, after the Crown officer had ended
his testimony, and before rebutting testimony had
been given, or the case placed fully before the
jury, give a verdict against the prisoner, as to give
a verdict against the Treasury upon the rz parte
statement of the friends of the claim, who refuse
to allow debate, and, indeed, seek to stifle debate.
If it had notbeen for this putting a stop to debate
by the previous question, two or three bad bills
would have been defeated in the last Congress,
which did pass under this system. That clerk's
bill, which passed, never would have got through
had it been debated in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; and the same is true of
several others.
I beg leave further to say, that the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] told me, when I
appealed to him to withdraw the demand for the
previous question, his friends were insisting upon
his adhering to it, and that he could not withdraw
it. I then said 1 should vote against the bill on
that ground alone.
Mr. STANTON. Itneverwas my intention to
attempt to pass this bill without debate. I had
made a report, in which 1 had set out at length the
provisions of the treaty and both the laws "passed
by Congress to carry it into effect. I had also dis-
tinctly stated the form and character of the awards,
and pointed out the sources whence all proper in-
formation could be obtained. When I presented
the matter on Monday, it was my intention to
leave it open to debate. But I was appealed to
from all sides by gentlemen who had other mat-
ters to bring before the House, informing me that
the case was well understood, and that every body
was prepared to vote on it. W ith that under-
standing 1 demanded the previous question in de-
ference to others, and not on my own account; but
1 have not been afraid of debate on the question,
because I believe the more it is debated the better
it will stand before the House and the country.
I now yield to the gentleman from Florida.
Mr. MAXWELL obtained the floor, but yield-
ed it to
Mr. CRAIGE. I wish to correct a statement
of my colleague. He speaks of this claim as
having been fully discussed, and as not beirg ob-
jected to on the ground that it had not the fullest
discussion. When this matter was taken up the
other day I did desire to discuss it. 1 then
thought that I understood it. I had been bored
by the men who had these claims before Congress.
I thought the bill asked Congress to legalize a
