740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
improperly there—and the Government of the
United States has, by its subsequent action, ad-
mitted that it was improperly there—I ask if there
is not induced by that fact as much obligation on the
part of the United States to pay for the damages
sustained by that prevention as there is to pay for
losses sustained by (he destruction of growing
crops ? 1 submit it as a proposition which no
gentleman will or can deny, that there is as much
justice that we should pay for the former class of
damages an for the latter. I take it that this super-
visory officer, as the gentleman from South Caro-
lina calls him, would not have suffered such a
claim to pass his scrutiny, but for the fact that he
was satisfied that the position of the Army towards
those persons who were prevented from raising
their crops were such aa to bring the same liability
on the Government as if growing crops had act-
ually been destroyed.
Mr. ORR. I do not like to interrupt my friend
from Florida, but I would like to ask him how it
Was possible for the Secretary of the Treasury to
satisfy himself so thoroughly as to reject claims
which were made out in Florida by tx parte testi-
mony, without anybody to cross-examine the wit-
nesses or to reduce the amount of the claims?
Mr. KERR. I am informed by a gentleman
who was chief ckrk of the Treasury Department
at the time when these claims were scrutinized,
that the Secretary of theJTreasury, suspecting that
the interests of the Government had not been suffi-
ciently guarded, demanded them, and instructed
the district attorney of the United Slates to defend
the rights of the Government. He did appear
before the court, cross-examined the witnesses,
and defended the rights of the Government, and.
finally informed the Department that he believed
the claims were all just.
Mr. ORR. 1 have no doubt that the gentleman
from North Carolina has received the information
which he speaks of, but it is new information to
me. 1 desire the gentleman now to give us the
name of the chief cleric who makes that statement,
and to state further whether he indorses thestate-
ment, and whether he knows, of his own knowl-
edge, that it is true.
Mr. KERR. Undoubtedly not, because I was
not here at the time. I was a very young man in
those days.
Mr. MAXWELL. Asto the transactions be-
fore the judges before whom these claims were
first presented, I have no knowledge; but as to
the recent cases which have been tried before the
judicial officers of Florida, I do know that the
United States Government was represented by its
district attorney. What may have taken place
prior to that I cannot say. I believe that the case
referred to by the gentleman from South Carolina
is one of those thai comes within my own knowl-
edge.
Mr. ORR. 1 believe that it was presented un-
der the act of 1849.
Mr. MAXWELL. Well, sir, the act of 1849
did not give them any powers, or impose upon
them any duties d fferent from those which before
existed. It only granted an extension of time to
those claimants who had not presented their claims.
It does not, therefore, vary the position of facts
in that connection.
Mr. Speaker, the fair presumption is, that what-
ever the judges of Florida might have been dis-
posed to do, the Secretary of the Treasury would
have scrutinized these cases, and would not have
allowed one of them to be paid, under that super-
visory power which he claims for himself, unless
he had been satisfied that it was not only within
the provisions of the treaty, but just in the amount
claimed. I do not rest this upon mere presump-
tion. The fact is, that all the Secretaries who
have had anything to do with these claims, have
scrutinized them to such an extent as to reduce
some of them in amount, notonly so far as interest
was concerned, but in the principal also; and I
am not sure but that they have disallowed some
of them altogether. However that may be, it is
certain that they did scrutinize them to such a
degree that many of them were cut down, and
lurgily cut down. Why was this done? Because
the Secretary of the Treasury was satisfied that
the amount allowed was greater than ought to
have been allowed. Now, sir, the very fact that
he did, in other cases, direct his mind not only to
the propriety of the claims, but to the amount,
must satisfy us that in this case, which ia pre-
sented as an enormity, he musthavehad his mind
directed to that point also.
With the explanation which I have made in
reference to the declaration of Mr. White, that the
Florida claims would probably not amount to
more than $40,000, and the explanation I have
made in connection with the claim which has been
referred to bv the gentleman from South Carolina,
I do not feel that it is necessary to say more upon
those particular points.
Let me return now for a few moments—for I
shall not trespass upon the time of the House
much longer—to the gist of the argument of the
gentleman from South Carolina. Take away from
him the prejudice which he may have created in
the minds of members by the production of the
papers which he has read, and the statement of
the enormous amounts which have been allowed;
take away from him the prejudice which may
have been created in the minds of members by the
fact that the Secretary of the Treasury have uni-
formly rejected this claim for interest, and direct
your minds to the main question, the real point
involved, and 1 ask if the gentleman has said a
word touching it? No, sir, he has not ventured
to argue that claims of this character, supposing
them not to be fraudulent, ought not properly to
be allowed by the Government of the United
States. His citation of authorities aids him none
in this argument, so far as the main merits of this
question are concerned, because the decision he
has referred to does not declare, as the law of this
country, that where damages have been sustained
by citizens, and the Government has enforced the
rights of its citizens, those citizens are not entitled
to full satisfaction, not only for property lost or
destroyed, but also for the losses occasioned by
the detention of that property, or for the injury
sustained by the failure to repair the loss.
Now, sir, in what position is this Government
to stand if it refuses the payment of claims of this
character? Why, from the day when our flag
was first unfurled, down to the hour when we are
engaged in discussing this question, through all
our history, the Government of the United States
has never urged a claim in behalf of its citizens
against another Government that it has not in-
sisted on, ay, and obtained, satisfaction, not only
to the full amount of the value of the property lost
or destroyed, but indemnity for the detention of
property. That has been the uniform practice of
this Government. It is proved to be so by all the
records in your State Department; and not only is
this good international law, but it is good civil and
common law. But it is unnecessary for me to
discuss that. The gentleman from South Carolina
shrinks from the main question involved in this
resolution. I say here that he has not touched
the merits of it at all. Suppose the court did
dismiss the Ferreira case because of the want of
jurisdiction; does that decidethat there is no merit
m the claim itself? Suppose that the Secretaries
of the Treasury have refused to pay interest be-
cause they are in the habit of refusing to pay
interest; does that effect the merits of the question
itself? This joint resolution is, 1 suppose, in the
nature of an appeal from the decisions of these
Secretaries, who have, as 1 believe, mistaken the
law by which they should have been governed,
and have substituted departmental usage as supe-
rior to the law of nations. This resolution, sir,
comes before Congress to correct those decisions
and such usages of the Department as are in
conflict with the plain duty of the Government.
Mr. STANTON, (interrupting.) Will the gen-
tleman from Florida allow me to say a word in
reply to a point presented by the statement made
by the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Kerr]
a moment ago ?
Mr. MAXWELL. Certainly.
Mr. STANTON. It is an unquestionable fact
that the chief clerk of the Department, who is
conversant with all these matters, Mr. Harrington,
states that the district attorney of that district
was instructed to appear in all these cases. He
did appear, and contested the matter for the Uni-
ted States. Many of the cases were sent back,
and the amounts reduced on a rehearing of the
testimony, or on the hearing of new testimony
taken in the case, according to the instructions of
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. ORR. I want to ask the gentleman from
Tennessee a question or two. Was the Mr, Har-
rington he speaks of the chief clerk und«r Mr.
Fillmore's administration ?
Mr. KERR. That is the gentleman I. alluded
to. I think he was.
Mr. ORR. Well, Mr. Speaker, h« was the
chief clerk from certainly not earlier t.han 1849.
Now, if the gentleman will refer back to the doc-
uments he will see how few of these claims have
been paid Bince 1849. The whole bjlK of them
was paid previous to that time.
Mr. MAXWELL. I have very little more to
say with respect to these claims, and really I
should not have troubled the House at all with
the subject, but for the imputations thrown on
some of those to whom 1 am indebted for rrty
position here, and in whose reput ition I have a
deep interest. But for these impi .tations, 1 say,
1 should not have felt myself call'd upon to say a
word in addition to the very lu_id exposition of
this question made by the hono able chaitman of
the Judiciary Committee. Hav ig said thus much,
I will add only a word or tw- more. .
Now, then, cut away a" the covering which
the gentleman from Sout] Carolina has thrown
around the main trunk of this question, take all
that away, and every gen man in this House
will admit that these collateral issues, these inci-
dental questions and subjects sh. uld not affect the
merits of the mam question itself. Cut away all
that, 1 say, and then we have a principle which
my friend from Tennessee truly says has been ap-
proved and enforced by all the courts in the coun-
try. There is not a single incidental opinion, not
a single obiter dictum, nothing to destroy or inter-
fere with its uniformity. Now, then, sir, should
we not rather inquire into the main mer;ts of the
question, should we not rather inquire into the
correctness of the decision of the Secretary of the
Treasury—for that has been one of the things dis-
cussed here—than into these mere collateral ques-
tions? Sir, this is an appeal from all parties wh^>
have had any connection with it to the Congress of
the United States, whose duty it is to do justice
and right to its citizens and to all the world. And
what I have to say further is, that when the Con-
gress or the Government of the United States
refuses to recognize this as a principle on which
it will indemnify or satisfy the claims of foreign
citizens when urged by foreign Governments, then
the time has arrived when it must retrace its steps,
and no more demand from any foreign Govern-
ment satisfaction to the extent it has al ways here-
tofore demanded it. This is not a mere question
affecting these claims. It is a question of high
public policy, a question affecting our interna-
tional relations, and affecting, vitally, the rights
and interests of our citizens everywhere.
Mr. STANTON, (interrupting.) Will the gen-
tleman from Florida allow me to state, in connec-
tion with this portion of his remarks, that I have
here copies of two letters, addressed by Mr. Cal-
deron de la Barca, lute Spanish Minister to this
country, to the Government of the United States,
as to some of thepe claims held by persons residing
in the island of Cuba—merely to show that thia
is a question of treaty obligations, and one to be
determined by the principles of public law. One
of these letters reads as follows:
"Mr. Calderon de la Barca presents his compliments to
Mr. Clayton, Secretary of state or the Unred States, and
incloses herewith a copy oi' a memorial which he has
received I'rnm the representatives of a nunibrr of Her
Catholic Majesty's subjects residing in the Island of Cuba,
who are cla mants under the ninth article of the lieaty of
1819, with the accompanying letter of iheir attorney, the
Hon. W. Cost Johnson.
"The memorialists insist that, by the treaty and tile laws,
the Executive of the United States i ; bound to pay the
entire amount of the awards of the courts; and present
numerous arguments of high authority to sustain their
claim.
" Believing these judgments of lhe court- to be in con-
formity with the express stipulations of the treaty, and the
public law which controls such decisions, Mr. (Julderon'de
la B.irca respecttully lays the copy of the memorial and
letter before Mr. Clayton, and invites the attention of his
Government to the subject,notdoubnnsr that the Ex cimve
will give it the early arid favorable consideration wliieli is
claimed by the nieinorialists.
" Washington-, December 3, 1849."
Mr. MAXWELL. That, sir, offers a good
illustration of what I was saying. These claims
are not confined to citizens of Florida, for some
of the Spanish subjects who suffered is jury by ths
incursion of the American army, on the cession of
Florida to the United States emigrated to I'u^a,
and live there now; and they, through their Min-
ister, are demanding this measure of justice from
