1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
741
the Government of the United States. This Gov-
ernment, by solemn treaty stipulations with their
King, undertook to satisfy their losses. Now,
then, in this very case, there arises a question
whether thi^ Government will stand forth before
the other Powers of the world and declare that it
will not pay that to foreign citizens which it inva-
riably demands for its own citizens ? I know not,
sir, whether this claim, alluded to in the letter of
the Spanish Minister, is in prosecution now. But
this 1 do say: that if these claimants under this
treaty can establish that they sustained losses, and
can establish that this Government has kept them
wrongfully out of satisfaction for these losses, the
Government of the United States is forbid, by its
own previous acts, and by all its history, from
declaring that it will not pay, to the full extent, the
demands so made. Should this Government seek
to deny this, Spain herself could present a roll
against it in which the like demand has been in-
sisted on in behalfof citizens of the United States,
and not merely insisted on, but where payment
was made—not payment ajone for the value of the
property at the time it was destroyed, but pay-
ment for such value, with the addition of the value
of the use of that property from the period of its
loss to the period when payment was made for it.
Now sir, con the Government of the United
States, with a watchful regard for its future inter-
national relations, with that spirit of justice which
it would have dealt out to itself and its citizens,
and which it ought to be prepared to deal out to
all others—can this Government take a position
today in contravention of all its pasthistory,and
of all the previous acts of its authority? That it
will be doing if we reject these claims.
When our Government in behalf of citizens who
may have suffered losses at the hands of a foreign
Power shall demand redress m the shape of dam-
ages for the destruction or detention of property,
then she will be met by this solemn legislative act
of ours, and then will it be said, that, as she w-juld
not allow damages to others in cases of a similar
character, she has no right to claim them lor her
citizens
Having submitted these views upon great inter-
national pimciples, irrespective of the demands of
these particular claimants, I leave the justice and
merit of these claimsto the judgmentof honorable
members, believing that a proper presentation of
them would carry conviction to every mind.
I had promised to renew the demand for the pre-
vious question; but, with the leave of my friend
from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] I will not press
it now, because I wish it distinctly understood
that the friends of this bill have not, at any time,
manifested a dispos.tion to avoid the fullestdiscus-
sion compatible with the condition of other im-
portant business.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We have spent
euffi :ien>t time m the consideration of this bill, and
1 beltevdi that the House is prepared to vote upon
it, I therefore move the previous question; but
to shorten the disposition of the matter, I move to
lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask the gen-
tleman from Tennessee to withdraw the demand
for the previous question for five minutes, and I
Will renew tl
Mr. JONES. I think we had better vote upon
the bill now.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Upon the mo-
tion to lay the bill upon the table i demand the
yeas and nays.
Tne yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 104, nays 90; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Apptaton, Ashe,
David J. Bailey, Banks, Barksdaie, Barry, Belcher, Ben-
ton, Boyoe, Brooks, Caskie, Chn<mans (Jlaik, Clinsman,
Cobb, Cox, Craige, Curtis, John G. D.ivh, Thomas Davis,
Duvson, De Witt, Dickinson, Dovvdoll, Dunbfir, Edgerton,
John M. Elliott. Ellison, Faulkner, Fentoa, Florence,
Fuller, Gimhlp. Giddings, Goode, Greenwood, Hamilton,
Samp-ou VV. Harris, Hivon, Hendricks, Henn, ilibbard,
Ilit-oter, H 'U>ton, Howe, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George
W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Roland Jones, Kittredge,
Kurtz, Lt'TebPr, Lewi*, Lilly, McCulloch, Macdonald,
McQueen. Middle^warth. Smith Miller, Million, Morrison,
Murray, Noble, .V/ordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Parker,
Peckham, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips,
Pratt, Pnngle, Puryear, David Ritchie, Itobbins, ltuffjn,
Ru^s. H, Sa'gp, Seward. Shaw, Shower, Simmons, Skelton,
William Smith, George W. Sm>th, Stratton, Andrew
Siuarr, David Stuarr, John J. Taylor, Tracy, Tweed,
Vatl, Van-anr, Wado, Wal-h, Ellihu B. Washburne, John
Wentworth, Wheeler, Daniel B. Wnght, and Yates—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Ball, BeU, Beanett, Ben-
son, Bliss, Breckinridge, Bridges, Bristow, Bu?g,Campbell,
Carpenter, Caruthers, Chandler, Chase, Chasiain, Cook,
Corwin  Crocker, Culloni, Cutting, Disnry, Dunham, Fast-
man, fidraands, Edmundson, Thomas D. Eliot, English,
Etheridge, Everharf, Farley, Goodwin, Green, Grev, Aaron
Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Wiley P. Harris, Uasimgs,
Hill, Hughes, Hunt, Kerr, Knox, Lamb, Lane, Latham,
Lindley, Lindsley, MeDon^all, Mace, Macy, Mmtcson,
Maurice, Maxwell, May, Mayaii, Nichols, Norton, Pen-
nington, Preston, lteadv, Reese, Kiddle, Thomas Ritcbey,
Rogers, Rowe, Sabm, Sapp, Sej mour, Shannon,William R.
Smith, Sollers, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard II. Stanton,
Hestor L. Stevens, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Teller, Thurston,
Upham, Walhridge?W:tlker?Walley,Warren, Israel Wash-
burn, Wells, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, Hendnck B.
Wright, and Zollieotfer—yO.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. JONES. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid upon the table, and to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. STANTON. 1 move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. JONES. I hope that we will not consume
another day upon this bill.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Stan-
ton's motion; and the House refused to adjourn.
The question was then taken on Mr. Jones's
motion; and the House agreed to lay on the table
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was laid on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
for the purpose of taking up the civil and diplo-
matic bill,
Mr. HENN. I ask the gentleman to withdraw
that motion, so that we may have the balance of
the day for receiving reports from the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The question was then taken *,and, upon division,
there were—ayes r.inety-one, noes not countcd.
So the House adjourned, at twenty-five minutes
past three o'clock, p. m., till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 15, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. William U. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
AMENDMENT OF PASSENGER LAWS.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the Commit-
tee on Commerce, to whom was referred the bill
" for the better protection of life and health on
board of passenger ships," have directed me to
report it back to the Senate, and ask leave to be
discharged from its further consideration; and
in lieu of it to introduce a bill " to regulate the
carriage of passengers in steamships and other
vessels." The passage of such a bill as the one
which I now report is recommended by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in order to obviate the dif-
ficulties arising from a misconstruction of the
existing law, under which a great many seizures
of vessels are made in the city of New York. I
am therefore instructed by the Committee on
Commerce to ask for the immediate consideration
of this bill.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
first and second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
ft proposes to make provision in regard to the
number of passengers which each vessel plying
between the United States and foreign ports,
shall carry, the accommodations to be allowed to
the passengers, and the provisions to be furnished
to them.
The Secretary was proceeding to read the bill,
but before he had concluded 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 ask that the further read-
ingofthis bill be suspended, while I make a state-
ment in relation to it to the Senate. The Senate
is aware that the subject of a passenger law was
referred, at the last session, to a special committee,
of which the honorable Senator from New York,
[Mr. Fisii,} now absent in consequence of ill-
health, was chairman. This bill is now reported
from the Committee on Commerce. I assented to
it reluctantly, because, prior to the departure of
that honorable Senator for New York, being sat-
isfied that there was no time for his bill to pass at
this session, he requested me to pay especial atten-
tion to it, and not allow action oa it during his i
absence. I withdrew my opposition to the report-
ing of the present bill in the Committee on Com-
merce upon statements being made that that Sen-
ator had assented to the modification of the bill
which he, as chairman of the select committee,
had reported to tho Senate. I have since received
a letter from him, from which 1 ascertain that tho^e
statements were erroneous, and that he still ad-
heres to the bill as reported by the select commit-
tee, and which,is the fruit of much labor, and the
gathering logether of much information from all
parts of the Union, I think, under the circum-
stances, the Senate will not be disposed to put this
bill upon its passage in this hasty manner.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to inquire whether
this bill has ever been printed in the shape in
which it is now presented for the action of th'e
Senate?
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Louisiana object to the further consideration of the
bill to-dav?
Mr. BENJAMIN. X do, forthe reason which
I have stated.
The PRESIDENT. Then it will be passed
over, as a matter of course.
M r. W ELLER. I ask that the bill be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN. It has been printed.
Mr. WELLER. Never in the shape in which
it is now presented. I never saw so ragged a bill
submitted to the Senate. It is composed of forty
or fifty different scraps of paper. I move that it be
printed.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be passed
over, as objection is made.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
Mr. SEVVAUD. I hope that the Senate will
allow me to say a word concerning my own bill,
especially after the circumstances which have been
stated by the Senator from Louisiana. I wish to
narrate the history of the transaction very briefly,
and then submit the question to the consideration
of the Senate.
Mr. STUART. If I understand the rules cor-
rectly, the bill cannot now be considered, objec-
tion bein# made.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask unanimous consent to
make an explanation, after what has been said by
the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. Piesident, my esteemed
colleague [Mr. Fish] submitted at the last session,
amotion to have a special committee appointed
for the purpose of considering the defects in the
passenger law. That committee reported a bill to
remedy those defects He was leaving here the
other day, when merchants of New York appeared
here and stated that there was great embarrass-
ment in the city of New York, owing to the mis-
construction of existing laws. They called upon
the Treasury Department, and that Department
framed a bill which is just exactly the bill which
has been submitted here, without any alteration.
They requested me to introduce that bill here. I
answered that if it conflicted with the bill of my
colleague I could not, and that I must have his
permission. My colleague went away suddenly,
and I did not see him again. They reported to
me that he assented to, and approved of, the intro-
duction of this bill. I was prepared then to pre-
sent it, and I called upon the Senator from Louis-
iana, one of my associates on the Committee on
Commerce, to obtain his concurrence in it. He
told me that he had been requested by my col-
league to watch his own bill, and not to consent
to, or permit, the passage of another one, which
was proposed by citizens of New York. There-
upon I refrained, and advised the parties in New
York of the circumstances. They replied to me
that although I had not seen my colleague, he had
assented to it, and they produced to me a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, saying that
the Department understood him to have assented
to it.
Under these circumstances, the bill of my col-
league was referred, on the motion of the Senator
from California, [Mr. Gwm,]to the Committee on
Commerce, by whom, yesterday morning, I was
unanimously instructed to report this bill, and
urge its passage. The honorable Senator from
Louisiana was at that time present, and acting
upon the information which he then had, concurred
in that recommendation. Thus the bill came here
in the shape in which it was sent from the Treas-
ury Department. Now, my friead from Louisiana,
