1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
743
House, making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes, the pending question being on the
following amendment, proposed by Mr. Cooper,
as an additional section :
Jindbc it further enacted. That the tentlv^ection of the
•'Act making appropriations for the current ayd contingent
expenses ot the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with the various Indian tribes," approved July
31,1854, be carried into effect so as to pay to Upnry Snuih
and others the respective sums assessed to $em by the
commissioners under the Cherokee treaty of 1835->6,
through their authorized and sworn agents, William A.
Upton and Peter A. Soiner, with interest on said sums,
respectively, fiom the 23d August, 1843, and that the Sec-
retary of the Interior be further authorized and directed
to fill the blanks m such awards as are on hts files, with
euch amount?, respectively, as may be established by satis-
factory proofs.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that this is a
revival of a question which was so much debated
yesterday. It is proposed to pay, through the
Departments, Indian agents, and Indian attor-
neys. It proposes that we shall intervene for the
purpose of settling these questions, and I under-
Btand that it has not been the policy of the Gov-
ernment to intervene for any such purpose. .
Mr. COOPER. I am sure the Senator from
Virginia did not correctly understand the amend-
ment, or he would not have made the objection
whiah t understood him to suggest. This is pre-
cisely the same case as one that was discussed at
considerable length during the last session, I refer
to the Taylor claim; but although the circum-
stances are substantially the same, the Secretary
•f the Interior has not thought himself at liberty
under the tenth section of the act, passed the 31st
of July, 1854, to pay it.
The Senate will recollect that by the treaty of
1835-'6  certain reservations and preemptions were
made to the Indians, and to those who had Indian
wives. Taylor and Smith were of this class.
Subsequently two agents were appointed by the
Government for the purpose ofassessing the money
value of the reservations and preemptions with au-
thority to appoint sub-agents to visit the country,
And make the assessments. Messrs. Upton and
Somer were appointed for that purpose. They
visited the country and fixed the amount due for
the various reservations and preemptions, and they
made a report to the Secretary of War at that
time, which was, I believe, on the 23d of August,
1843. The amount at which the reservation or
preemption of Smith was assessed, was $2,400.
1 hold in my hand a certified copy of the report of
those agents, dated September 24, 1843. It is:
" Henry Smith—In the first forks of Peach-tree creek,
North Carolina, one hundred and sixty acres, valued at
fifteen dollars per acre ; forty acres improved land, one
double house, hewed logs, two stories high; one round Jog
bouse, one smoke-house—$2,400."
These reports were not filed in time, but subse-
quently they were put on file, and are now in the
office of the Secretary of the Interior. There are
two or three cases of a similar character, one of
them amounting to $560, another to $240, and a
third t© $256, which embrace the whole. The
claim of Taylor, which was a similar one, sub-
stantially, was for #14,000, and he was allowed
interest fiom the date, which is fixed, by this
amendment, for this claim, August 23, 1843.
I do not wish to detain the Senate, as I suppose
there will be no objection to the amendment. The
claim is certainly just, and its principle has been
settled long since.
Mr. HUNTER. I was at such a distance that
I could not understand distinctly the remarks of
the Senator. My impression, "however, is, that
his amendment will require this money to be paid
through an attorney.
Mr. COOPER. Not at all. It only requires that
the Secretary of the Interior shall pay to Henry
Smith the amount at which his property was
assessed, in 1843, by Upton and Somer. This was
a reservation or preemption under the treaty of
1835-*6. It was afterwards agreed that instead of
preemption, a money consideration should be paid,
and his agents fixed the value according to the
statement which i have just read:
" In the first forks of Peach-tree creek. North Carolina,
one hundred and sixty acres, valued at fifteen dollars per
acre; forty acres improved land, one double house, hewed
Jogs, two stories high j one round log house, one smoke-
house— $2,400."
They made a return, but it was too late to be
brought in under the terms of the tenth section ef
the act of July last, and this is to provide for this
subsequent case. Thare is certainly no objection
to it. It is similar to the case of Taylor, the only
difference being that the report was filed at a
different date.
Mr. HUNTER. It is not my purpose to argue
against the decision of the Senate, they already
having decided that it was not a private claim, but
could be attached to this bill. I do not know
what its merits are, nor have ( the means to ex-
amine it. I do not think it is a fit claim to go
upon the bill; but as the Senate have decided that
it is in order, all that I can do is to vote against it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I offered an amendment
for the creation of an additional agency for the
Kickapoo tribe of Indians, and fixed the salary at
$1,000. .1 stated, in moving that amount, that I
had been informed by the Delegate from the Terri-
tory, that the duties of that agency were of the
second class. I have reason to believe that I mis-
understood that gentleman, and that the duties
are those of the first class. I therefore now ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate to fix the
salary at $ 1.500 instead of $1,000.
By unanimous consent the correction was made.
Mr. WELLER. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section;
Sec. 2. Jirul be it further enacted. That from and after
the passage of this act, the salary of the central superin-
tendent of Indian afi'airs for the central supcrmtendency
shall, after this date, be $2,500 per annum, and for that
purpose the sum of ,-$500 id hereby appropriated.
It is an increase in the compensation of that
superintendent of $500. It is recommended by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs. The field
of that officer is very large a.id extensive. He is
compelled to disburse more than a million and a
half of dollars per annum. He is located at St.
Louis.
Mr. HUNTER. All I have to say in relation
to that is, that I believe he is a very estimable
superintendent, and I have no doubt that he dis-
charges his duties well; but we do not know how
far we are to go, if we begin altering these sala-
ries, and making an exception as to this superin-
tendent. I understand that the whole matter m
regard to the salaries has been classified, and I"do
not know but that this amendment will involve
the revising of the others.
Mr. W ELLER. I do not think there can be
found another superintendent on whom the same
responsibility rests, and who has the disburse-
ment of so large, an amount of money. He has
to disburse $1,500,000 annually. He has charge
of an immense number of Indians, extending north
to Kansas and Nebraska. I hope the Senate will
agree to it.
Mr. HUNTER. I am reluctant to interpose;
but I desire to let the Senate know that we are
departing from a system, and giving this superin-
tendent more than other superintendents. 1 sup-
pose, next year, we shall have to raise them all.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to theSenate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. There were three amendments
put on the bill in committee without my having
had an opportunity to examine them, or at least
I did not understand one of them, and totheother
two I objected then; but as it was doubtful whether
there was a quorum, I did not call for a division,
intending to have the question taken when they
were reported to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator state what the amendments are?
Mr. HUNTER. The first is in relation to the
Choctaws; the next is in relation to the Cherokees;
and the third relates to the separation of the office
of the superintendent from that of Governor in the
Territories. On them I desire separate votes.
The rest of the amendments were concurred in.
The question then recurred upon the following
amendment excepted by Mr. {Junter:
Sec —. Jind he it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Interior is hereby authorized and required to cause to
be paid to the North Carolina Cherokees, embraced m the
roll of John C. Molloy,orto the legal representatives of such
of tlv m as havo died since their enrollment, the sum of
$53 33 respectively, for the expenses of their removal and
subsistence, now held in trust by the United States, accord-
ing to the terms of the fourth section of the act of the 29th
of July, Anno Domini 1848; for which purjoie there is
hereby appropriated the sum of $43,290 69: ProviJr.J,
That each and every Indian so receiving such payment in
full, shall give their assent thereto: Jintt provided further,
That said Secretary shall be first satisfied thai the State of
North Carolina has, belore Mich payment, by some appro-
priate ac', agreed that the said Cherokees may rr main per-
manently in that State, any tiling in the treaty of 1835 to the
contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish simply to explain to
the Senate that thn,t proposes to take the money
out of the Treasury to pay these Indians, whit*
the act of 1848 contains this proviso:
" Provided, Thatthe amount herein required to be funded
for the benefit of the said Cherokee Indians in North Caro-
lina, and the amount required to be paid them, shall be
charged to the general Cherokee fund undi r the treaty of
New Echota, and shall be reimbursed then-from."
When it was passed, it was designed to b 
taken from the Indian fund, I suppose. I did not
•recollect this proviso, or rather 1 had not adverted
to the provision in the amendment offered by tha
Committee on Indian Affairs by which it was to
be paid out of the Treasury. 1 had supposed that
it was no addition to the appropriation. It turns
out, however, to be an addition to that amount.
We paid the eastern Cherokees the sum designed
as an allowance for the expenses of their removal,
though they did not remove, and required it to be
taken out of the general Cherokee fund as a sort
of settlement of the accounts between the Chero-
kees east and west. Now, the amendment will
repeal that proviso, aud require it to be taken out
of the Treasury of the United States. It is fair
for the Senate to know that.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 agree in the general
statement that the Senator from Virginia has
made about the appropriation, but whether the
appropriation from the Indian fund in 1848 was
right or wrong is, 1 now submit, a question quite
irrelevant to the discussion. I might be allowed
to ask that Senator whether it is not now a por-
tion of the national debt; and whether it is not
perpetual by its terms, and also whether the in-
terest will not be paid to the Cherokees until they
remove?
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator desires an
answer, I say it is not, because by the law it is
a part of that fund. It is not a national debt.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. In point of fact it was an
appropriation from the Treasury of the United
States; that amount was set apart out of the Treas-
ury, in the first instance, and the interest has been
paid from that time to this. It is a recognized
part of the national debt. It was to be charged to
the five million fund. It was not so charged,as
I believe, and the whole of that fund has been
paid out some two or three years, notwithstand-
ing the Government still pays interest upon it,
and it being in the nature of a grant I take it that
it is not now repealable, so that whether right or
wrong, the fact is, that it is a part of the national
debt. It is in that point of view that I look at it. If
such be a correct view of the case, in which I am
authorized to state the Department agree with me,
it certainly accords with our general policy to
redeem a portion of our national debt when the
creditor is willing to receive the payment, and that
is the case with these Indians.
I will state how, as 1 believe, it was not charged
to the five million fund, and why it was not so
charged. That appropriation was made in 1848,
on the 21st of July, when I had been a member
of the Senate some two or three weeks. In 1850,
the general adjustment of the Cherokee question
came up before the Senate of the United States,
and the Senate, acting upon the report which had
been made by the Auditor and Comptroller, con-
taining a statement of all the accounts for and
aeainst the Cherokees, dated the 6th of August,
1848, but a few days after this act was passed,
furnished the basis upon which the appropriation
was made. A final residuum, under the treaty
of 1846, was left to the Cherokee nation. That
amount has all been paid out of the residue of the
Cherokee fund taken from them. I am induced
to believe that the amount funded under the act
of 1848, was not embraced in the account of the
Auditor and Comptroller, dated the 6th of August
following, because there was no time to take the
enrollment of the Indians, and ascertain the gen-
eral amount for the purpose of charging it to that
fund;and yet, the general terms in which that re-
port of the Auditor and Comptroller was made,
had probably the effect of misleading the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, who investigated the
subject two yews afterwards. I do not know
