744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
officially whether it ever was or was not included.
1 infer from a comparison of the dates that it could
not have been included; but it leaves the fact as I
Stated it to be, that it was an appropriation out
of the Treasury of the United States, and clearly
to that extent a national debt, which we ought
to redeem at our option, or pay the interest punc-
tually. If the Senator will propose to repeal that
net, that will bring up the question of its validity
as being a perpetual grant of that amount of
money to the Cherokees.
Mr. HUNTER, if I understand the statement
of the chairman of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, this is the state of the case: the law required
this sum to be deducted from thegeneral Cherokee
fund, but the officer of the Government, in defi-
ance of the law, [ aid it from the Treasury, and
being paid, there is no other resource than to pay
the eastern Cherokees out of the Treasury of the
United States. Sir, it seems to me that is a state
of things which is not creditable to the officers of
the Government. They are bound to know the
law and observe it. I do not know that we ought
to punish the Indians because the officers have
not observed the law, but they ought to have
observed it. The proviso was put in for the pur-
pose of protecting the Treasury against this very
thing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ate concur in the amendment?
Mr. HUNTER. I havenotsaid that we should
not concur in it; but I think it my duty to call the
attention of the Senate to the fact. If we pass a
law it ought to be observed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 have said that the Sen-
ator from Virginia is right as to the statement of
facts, but it is not controvertible that this is an
amount on which we are paying interest, and the
question is whether we shall redeem it or not. If I
1 were goinsc back to the consideration of the
question in 1848,1 would say to him that it ought
never to have been charged to the five million
fund; but that is irrelevant now.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment, made as in Committee of
the Whole, was to insert:
Sec belt further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Interior be authorized to invest m safe and profitable j
Stocks, to be designated by the Choctaw nation, and at :
their risk, or, at his discretion, to hold in Iril-r, at an inter- J
est of five percent., all such moneys now received or here- j
after to accrue from the Choctaw orphan lands in (he ?ute ,
of Mississippi, or from the fund appropriated for the redemp- i
tion of Choctaw scrip annuities, which may remain on
hand by reason of the death of the parties properly entitlnl I
to claim the same. And that the said Secietary be author- i
ized to pay the annual interest thereon to the Choctaw ,
nation, tor the support and maintenance of such neighbor- i
hood or common schools as they may establish among the >
Choctaw nation west of Arkansas: Providrd, That upon
lawful claim made upon such tunds by any party entitled,
the prmcip i! of such amount shall be paid, and the interest
on the same shall cease. I
Mr. L1UNTER.. I objected to this amendment :
when it was offered in Committee of the Whole,
because, as I said then, it seemed to me to be toe
commencement of a dangerous and improper
policy. I believe that we ought not to allow the
Government to invest these funds in State stocks. \
I think, if we do, we shall see repeated theexperi- j
ment which we have already witnessed. We '
have invested moneys in State stocks, and have
not been able to get them repaid. I believe this
money belongs either to the Choctaw people as a
nation, or else it belongs to those individuals who
Have been absent, and have not claimed it. If it be-
longs to the Choctaw people as a nation, it ought
to be paid to them, for we have the testimony, on
all hands, and especially from the Senator from
Mississippi, who is well acquainted with them,
that they are abundantly able to take care of their
own affairs. If, on the other hand, it does not
belong to the Choctaw nation, but to those indi-
viduals, it ought to remain in the Treasury of the
United States, and when they come forward they
-will be paid. They will have no right to call for
interest if they do not claim their money; and it
ought to be kept there until they do come to be
paid. I believe it will be the commencement of a
very dangerous policy, if we now allow or require
this money to be invested in State stocks.
Mr. ADAMS. In addition to the remarks of
the Senator from Virginia, I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that there is no report
or pretense that the individual Indians to whom ;
this money belongs are either dead or beyond the j
power of the Government to pay them. It la true, ,
the Senator from Arkansas says, that the money
has been sent out, and it has remained in the
hands of the agent for some two years, and has
not been claimed. That is the only 'evidence
which we have of the death of the parties who are
entitled to it. I do not think we should go on
and administer upon these dead Indians' private
funds on such testimony. Let the money remain
where it is, in the Treasury, until there is certain
proof that there are no Indians entitled to claim it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I had occasion to say,
when this amendment was up before, a day or
two since, that the amount which is sought to be
funded for the benefit of the Choctaw nation were
trust funds which had been created for particular
purposes; that is, had been created for the pur-
pose of being paid to a particular class of indi-
viduals. One fund, I think, is known as the
orphan fund; the other as the Choctaw, annuity
fund. It is unnecessary to make any more allu-
sion to the nature of the trust, because that has
nothing to do with the disposition to be made of
it. But out ofthose two funds there has accumu-
lated something like §120,000, which is now, and
has been for the last uvo or three years, lying idle
in the hands of the United States agent, unclaimed
by any person, because the families have become
extinct, or the proprietors have failed for some
cause or other to make that claim upon the fund
to which they are entitled. It is true that fund
belongs, generally, to that class of individuals,
and whenever they make a claim upon it, the
United Stales are required to take so much of the
fund and dispose of it in the redemption of that
portion of the claim; so that theie are no private
rights interfered with. But, m the mean time,
what disposition is to be made of this unappro-
priated fund ?
The Choctaw nation has, through their dele-
gation here, (a body of very intelligent men, rep-
resenting a nation who not only occupy a front,
but the very foremost, rank among the civilized
Indian tribes of the West,) asked that it shall be
funded to the United States, as their friend and
trustee, for it is not paid over to them yet, in ord er
that they may be enabled to establish and carry
out a system of common schools in the nation,
which has already been inaugurated, but under
such auspices that they cannot prosecute it effect-
ually. No person will be injured by the appro-
priation. On the contrary, I think, it is a just and
benevolent disposition by the Government to for-
ward the general objects of the enterprise which
they wish to accomplish. I do not put it upon
the ground that there is a legal obligation to do so.
So far as we assume any responsibility here.it is
voluntary; but, for one, I am willing to do so for
all those Indian nations who are willing to take
the funds and appropriate them for a purpose so
laudable. - It is the first example in the history of
those nations where they have asked that the funds
of the nation may be appropriated to purposes like
this. It is but a temporary arrangement after all.
It is to make the fund productive while it is now
idle for a purpose of this kind; and I ask, is the
Senate going to turn a deaf ear to the first genuine
proposition emanating from an Indian ration to
appropriate its moneys for a most laudable pur-
pose, and in the only true direction to attain any-
thing like the civilization of the tribe ? I have not
put it upon a legal footing—nothing of the kind.
I admit it to be a gratuity; and I hope the Senate
will agree to it.
As to the particular feature objected to by the
Senator from Virginia, and which seems to alarm
him, that it is to embark this Government in a
general scheme of investing all the trust funds, I
have no particular objection to that; but I shall
not insist upon it. I shall be perfectly content to
get the balance of the amendment. Ism not tena-
cious on that point. If the Senator objects to
it, let him wipe out the obnoxious feature. My
object is to give the aid of what is now a small,
unproductive fund, to aid this tribe in the enter-
prise which they have inaugurated under such
unpropitious circumstances.
Mr. HUNTER,. What I do object to is the
investment of this money in State stocks. I do
not object to the appropriation of the fund to pur-
poses of education among the Choctaws; but I do
object to conferring on the Secretary of the Inte-
rior the power to invest Indian money in State
stocks. I think it ia the commencement of a bad
system.
Mr. WELLER. It can be modified so as to
obviate that difficulty.
Mr. HUN1ER. Let the Secretary read the
amendment, so that we can ascertain its terms, to
see whether it can be so modified.
The amebdment was accordingly read again.
Mr. WELLER. I do not see any objection to
the arnent^fWent as it now stands. The Choctaw
nation is Regular, organized, constitutional Gov-
ernment. ,oITlie Choctaws have made more rapid
advance -iiSan any other tribe of Indians. This
investment is to be made in State stocks, or other
securities, under the direction of the Choctaw
nation. It is to be done at their risk, arid I can-
not see how, in any event, the Government of the
United States can, at any subsequent time, be held
lia'ble for any loss which may be sustained by the
I'ailuie of the States to redeem their bonds. The
investment is to be made with the consent of the
Choctaw nation, they being a regular, organized
Government, with full capacity to make a con-
tract. We simply come in and consent to act as
trustees for the Choctaws, to make the investment,
receive their interest, and pay it over to them. I
cannot, for the life of me, discover any objection
to this amendment; nor do 1 consider it as the
commencement of a system to invest Indian
moneys in Siate stocks. 1 sliuuld regret, as much
as the Senator from Virginia, to see the Govern-
ment engage in that again, because, in the end, it
must be a loser.
Mr. PRATT. There is one difficulty which I
desire that the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs should answer, for if it be not
explained satisfactorily, I do not think any of us
can vote for this amendment. The fund which is
to be disposed of is, if I understand it, a fund
belonging, not to the Choctaw nation, but to indi-
viduals ot that tribe or nation. Now, the propo-
sition is to divert this iund, which is an individual
fund, ar.d not a national one, from the individuals
to whom it belongs, and to vest it in the nation
for some national purpose.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 conceive from the Sen-
ator's remarks that he evidently misunderstands
the question. It is true these funds belong to
two clusses of individuals, if 1 may say so. The
money has been in the hands ot the United States
agent under an appropriation made by an act of
Congress for their payment. All who appeared
and asserted their interest have been paid. The
residuum which remains is what might be called
the lapsed interest of parties who are either extinct
or probably never will make a claim. This prop-
osition is not to take it away from those parties,
but. merely that the Government shall hold it in
trust, and pay the interest on it to the Indians,
and devote the interest simply to national pur-
poses, reserving the principal to pay theclaimants,
whenever they may come forward. There is a
provision in the amendment that whenever any
claimant comes forward, so much as is due to him
shall be paid to him, and interest on that cease at
once. The Government is to hold the money m
trust—to take the principal and invest it as trus-
tee. If one of the beneficiaries claims it, they
have to sell so much of the stock as will amount
to that principal, and pay it over. It is not an
appropriation, but merely making an idle fund ac-
tive for a short period of time.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, we have had
some experience upon "this subject of investing
Indian money in State stocks. We have done it
before; and when the States failed to pay their
interest, we considered ourselves bound to make
it up to the Indians; and so it would be in th<s
case. Notwithstanding the provision that the
Choctaws are to give their assent, if we should
invest their money in State stocks, and the States
should fail to pay the interest, we should cer-
tainly hold ourselves bound, as guardians of the
Indians, to make it good. This is a practice
which I say is dangerous, and 1 think I am war-
ranted m saymg so from our past experience.
I fir.d, since the amendment has been read again,
that it will be very difficult to put it in a shape in
which I think it ought to pass 1 shall, therefore,
vote against it. I believe it would be better to
hold the money in the Treasury until we ascertain
that there is no reasonable probability of the miss-
ing claimants ever appear ng; and when that is the
: case, pay it over to the Choctaws. If they have
aGovernnier.t, as they have indeed, and areamong
the most advanced in civilization of any of the
