1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
745
Indian tribes, they will be able to take care of the
money, when it is paid to them, and devote it to
this purpose.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The PRESIDENT. The last amendment, which
has been excepted, is:
Sec —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after
the day of • next, the Governors of the Territo-
ries of Minnesota and Washington shall cease to have and
exercise the dunes and powers now conferred upon them
by Jaw as superintendents of Indian affairs in their respect-
ive Territories ; and instead thereof, the said Territory of
Washington shall hereafter be attached to the superintend*
ency ot Indian aiFairs for the Territory of Oregon ; and the
Territory of Minnesota shall thereafter be attached to arid
form part of the northern superintendency. And that the
Governor of Minnesota bhall thereafter receive the annual
salary now allowed to the Governors of Kansas and Ne-
braska ; and the Governor of the Terniory ol Washington
shall thereafter receive the annual salary now allowtd to
the Governor of the Territory of Oregon.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs will not insist on
that amendment. It is ruinous to the public inter-
ests in the Territory of Washington, as i am as-
sured by the Delegate from that Territory. I
trust, therefore, it will be rejected.
Mr. STUART. I have had some conversa-
tion with the Chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs on this subject, and I will suggest
merely—for I have no feeling about it—a modifi-
cation of the amendment. The existing law
authorizes the President of the United States to
separate these dunes whenever he thinks it proper;
but there is a difficulty attending doing &o, because
it reduces the salary of the Governor. Now if
this amendment were to be modified, so as to pro-
vide that, if the President deems it proper in any
one case to separate these duties, and shall do so,
the salary of the Governor shall remain as it is
now for both services. I think there would be
no objection to it. I have no feelmg about the
matter myself; but I have conversed with several
individuals residing in the Territories who are
interested in this question, and it seems to me the
power ought to be left with the President to divide
these dunes. Perhaps in one case he might think
it proper, and not in another; for instance, he
might divide them in Minnesota, and leave them
as they stand in Washington Territory, or rice
versa; but whenever he separates them, let the
salary of the Governor remain as it stood before
the separation. 1 think that would be a satisfac-
tory arrangement.
Mr HUNTER. I doubt the policy of the sep-
aration of the two offices. It seems to me the
Governor of the Territory ought to have the con-
trol of the Indians m that Teiritory; at least so
much as is given to the superintendent of Indian
affairs, and especially in the distant Territory of
Washington. The icsuit of my inquiries—and I
have made some—is, that ir is bad policy to sepa-
rate the offices. I believe the only instance in
which it has been done on this side of the Rocky
mountains was to meet a peculiar difficulty in
Utah; and I believe the result of our experience
has not been such as to encourage the practice.
I hope, therefore, that the amendment will be
rejected, and that it may be the pleasure of the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs not
to press it.
Mr. GWIN. The Delegate from the Territory
of Washington says it would be ruinous to the
prosperity of that Territory to separate the two
offices, I hope the proposition will be rejected.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor from Michigan states very truly that the
amendment asserts the general principle and the |
general practice of the Government heretofore, j
The Senator from Virginia is mistaken in suppos- I
ing that there is but one Territory which forms j
an exception to this general policy. Sir, the j
policy proposed by this amendment has been the I
usual pohcy of the Government of the United |
States. The Governors of Kansas and Nebraska j
are not superintendents of Indian affairs m those j
Territories; and in Oregon a large and very pros- i
perous Territory, the policy of separation has !
worked remarkably well. Of one thing I *m quite j
sure: either the offices ought to be reunited in ;
Oregon, or separated in Washington Territory;
because the anomaly prevails there, in the same
region of country, of a separation in the one Ter-
ritory, and a combination of the duties of Governor
and superintendent in the other. I say the policy
has generally been to separate the two offices, |
Now, sir, as to the application of that general
principle, which 1 have no doubt is a sound one,
1 could give many reasons why it is so. As to
the necessity of enforcing it in Washington Terri-
tory at this time, 1 must admit that, in conse-
queoceof information which 1 have since received,
autl which was unknown to the committee at the
time they adopted tfus amendment, it is probably
a douUttul pohcy in that case to separate the
two offices, from the fact that Governor Stevens
has inaugurated an Indian pohcy there which,
whether right or wrong, it is best to give him an
opportunity of carrying out. For that reason, so
far as that Territory is concerned, I shall not insist
on it.
As to the Territory on this.side of the Rocky
mountains, Minnesota, I am clearly of opinion
that the separatiun ought to talte place. That
i'erruoiy, on the one side, is surrounded by JNe-
bra*ka, immediately b^lovv which is Kansas, both
ot which are subject to the jurisdiction of a suptr-
lntendent of Indian affairs not connected with ihe
Governors of the Territories. The country on the
other side belongs to the northern supenmer.d-
ency. Here is a JTeriiiory in which there is a
conflict of interest, between the white settlers on
the one pari—those m^n who control thr political
opinions of the Governor—and the reserved tribes
ot Indians on the other; and we ought to have a
separate officer to take care of taoae Indians.
This contest is perpetually going on. The inevi-
table consequence is, that, either the country ia
locked up from settlement by a puJicy favoiable
to the Indian, or the interest of the Indian is sub-
verted before that of the white settlers. 1 think
that where there are two distinct interests, as m
Minnesota, those interests ought to be protected
by two different officials.
There is a law existing at this time which au-
thorizes the President to exercise the power of
separating the offices of Governor and superin-
tendent in Minnesota whenever he thinks proper
to do so. I understand, informally, that it has
never been done in consequence of the «ffect being
to reduce the salary of the Governor of the Teru-
tory below what is deemed a just equivalent for
his services; and to reduce his compensation might
be considered as a reflection on the official ability
of that gentleman. The view which th Senator
from Michigan takes would obviate that difficulty;
and I am disposed, therefore, to adopt the sugges-
tion which he makes; and if he will move an
amendment embodying his sentiments on that
point, I shall very cheerfully agree to it, and yield
my opposition, for the present, to the retention of
the two offices in the same person in Washington
Territory.
Mr. bfUART. The sense of the Senate can
be taken on the proposition which I have sug-
gested, but it will require some tune to modify the
amendment so as to correspond with that. The
Senate, however, understand very clearly what
the proposition is.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I ask, then, that this
amendment be passed over intoimaJly by general !
consent, and we can go on with other amendments j
until the Senator ahull have time to prepare his
modification.
Mr. STUART. Very well.
The PRESIDENT. If no objection be made
this amendment wnl be passed over for the present.
Mr. RUSK. Before that amendment is passed
over, as 1 may not be m my seat when it comes
up again, I desire to say a few words upon it.
i ihink this amendment should be adopted. I
have no doubt as 10 its propriety in all the Terri-
tories. It seems to me that, if we intend to con-
trol intercourse with the Indians, we ought to do it
by the proper officers; but if we intend to submit
the question m each Territory to the local juris-
diction we ought Vi unite the offices of Governor
and superintendent. We should do one or the
other. If we unite the offices there will certainly
be difficulties I do not mean to cast any reflec-
tion on anybody when I say that we know that
gentlemen go out to the Territories to take the
office of Governor with the expectation-of return-
ing to Congress. That is the universal rule. I
do not know that the present Governors are oper-
ated on by this feeling; but human nature is pretty
much the same in everybody. 1 hey go out to
the Territories; they subject themselves to great
inconvenience and trouble, and aid in settling a
new country. There is frequently a very strong
temptation on their part to come to Congress,
either as members of the House of Represent-
atives or Senators, and therefore their interest is
for the settler against the Indians. Whenever the
Indians are located on a reservation, and there is
very good land in the neighborhood, settlers crowd
around them, and instantly wish to obtain the
reservation. The Governor, as a matter of coarse,
subject to local influences, would be tempted, at
least, to disregard the rights of the Indians; and
the result would be confusion and injustice, which
would cause us much difficulty. I have no doubt
that a great many of the Indian troubles have
grown up under such circumstances.
As I have said before, I do not intend to cast
any reflection on the Governors of the Territo-
ries; but at the same time I do-not wish to subject
th*m to these temptations. I think, sir, that the
best prayer we find written in the New Testament,
is " Lead us not into temptation;" and especially
ehould it be remembered in regard to political pre-
ferment and honor. If we are going to control the
Indians, let us doit by our own officers. You
appoint agents, and they are amenable to this Gov-
ernment; but, at the same time, under the existing
system, they are also amenable to the local terri-
torial government. This is a species of double
allegiance which seems to me to be very incongru-
ous
Mr. GWIN. I was speaking especially in ref-
erence to the Territory of Washington. The
Delegate from that Territory has stated to me, and
other members of the Senate, that he believes the
tffect of this separation will be to depopulate that
Territory. If you do not keep the power of Gov-
verm>r and superintendent of Indian affairs to-
gether in the same hands, the Indians, who will
then be practically under no control, will massacre
the whites. It is impossible for the superintendent
of Oregon to keep m check the Indians in Wash-
ington Territory, This is the opinion of the pe-
culiar representative of that section of thecountry,
and I think his views on such a subject ought to
be respected by the Senate. I am speaking, not
only by his authority, but by the authority of the
Governor himself, for I have received a letter from
him expressing the same sentiment. Th- y antici-
pate great difficulties there with the Indians. It
is a most dangerous country, heavily timbered,
very much broken, and the Indians are entirely
different from those on the plains. They dash in
upon the white inhabitants and massacre them. If
you do not have the power of the Governor and
superintendent in the hands of the same individ-
ual, there will be no safety in that country. This
is the testimony of the Delegate.
The PRESIDENT. At therequest of Senators
this amendment wiJi be passed over informally.
Mr. BROWN. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
See. — Jind be it f trther enacted, That Indian agents
and sub agents be, and they are hereby, authorized t<> tf.ko
acknowledgments of deeds, wills, and other instruments of
writing; and that acknowledgments so taken Mi all have the
same efl'ect as if taken before a justice of the pcace.
I simply wish to remark, in explanation of this
amendment, that I learn from at least one of the
agents—a highly intelligent gentleman, who lives
with the Choctaw nation—that these people have
sometimes to travel as far as one hundred and
fifty or two hundred miles to find a justice of the
peace, before whom to make an acknowledgment
of a deed. Many of the Choctaws, Chickasaws,
Creeks, and Cherokees, are men of fortune, but
they cannot get anybody to acknowledge a will
for them. I think this is a defect which ought to
be remedied. I offer the amendment, however,
on my own responsibility, and not on that of the
committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I offer the following addi*
tional sections as one amendment:
Pec. —. Jl-nd be it farther enacted, That the Secretary of
the Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and required
to make suitable compensation to agents lor paying pen-
sions, but in no case shall such compensation exceed three
p-r cent, on the amount of moneys by such agent annually
disbursed, and shall be paid out of the fund appropriated
for the payment of revolutionary pensioners. Said com-
pensation shall be in full for all services and contingent
expenses of said agency, except for books, printing, and
stationery : Provided, That the amount ©f compensation
allowed to any one agent shall not exceed the sum of $1,500
a year.
Sec.—. Jind be it further enacted, That each of said
agents shall state his account quarterly, and transmit the
same to the proper accounting officer of the Treasury fas
