1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
747
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, the absence of
drovernor Stevens from the Territory of which he
is Governor, was in regard to another duty which
he had to perform. He came here to make his
report in regard to a survey across the continent.
During his absence the Secretary of State for the
Territory acted in his place, and there was no suf-
fering in consequence of his absence. I undertake
to say that the best judges of what is necessary
to be done in legislation for the Territories are the
Delegates of those Territories in the House of
Representatives.
Since I have been in the Senate I have never
known an occasion where the representations of
those Delegates, in regard to the interests of their
constituents, were disregarded by this body. The
Territories have no representatives here, and we
are accustomed to defer to what their Delegates in
the other House say is their interest. The Dele-
gate from the Territory of Washington says that
we shall drive the white population out of that
Territory if we separate these two officers, and
put the charge of the Indians in Washington un-
der the superintendent in Oregon, who cannot
keep the Indians in his own superintendency at
present under control. Acting upon his repre-
sentations of the-wants of his Territory, I trust
the ampndment will be rejected.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I sincerely hope this amend-
ment will not prevail, and that w  shall not sepa-
rate the office of superintendent of Indian affairs
from that of Governor of the Territories. The
same proposition was presented and discussed at
the last session of Congress, and the Senate then
refused to agree to the separation. I am willing
to do what the Senator from Michigan, a few
minutes ago, proposed—provide that, whenever,
in the opinion of the President of the United
States, the public interests may require it in any
Territory, he may separate the duties; but I am
not willing to make a compulsory separation by
law. I believe that it is essential to the good
order of the Territories, to the preservation of the
whites from the aggressions of the Indians, and
also the preservation of the Indians from the
aggressions of the whites, that the two offices
should be united.
The Governor, in virtue of his executive au-
thority, is clothed with the power of calling out
the militia, whenever he thinks it necessary, to put
down-any insurrection, or to repel any invasion,
either on the territory of the Indians or of the
whites. Being armed with that power, he would
certainly have more authority as superintendent
of Indian affairs to preserve peace on the borders,
to protect the whites from the Indians, and, what
is still more important, protect the Indians from
the whites. He has much more authority as
Governor than he would have simply as super-
intendent of Indian affairs. Sir, you will have
confusion, and violence, and anarchy, the moment
you separate these two office?, so that the super-
intendent shall have no real authority to carry out
the ordeis of the Government, or the laws of the
country. I am willing to provide that the Presi-
dent shall have power to make the separation in
any case where the public interests require it, and
for that purpose I will offer, though in a slightly
modified form, the amendment which the Senator
from Michigan presented, and ask for the yeas
and nays upon it. My amendment declares that
the separation may take place whenever, in the
opinion of the President of the United States, the
public interests may require it.
Mr. EVANS. That is the law now.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to modify this amend-
ment in that way, and then pass the provision.
Mr. PRATT. It has just been voted down.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The proposition which I
offer is not the same as that which has been voted
down; it is slightly modified. My observation, as
chairman of the Committee on Territories, has
brought me to the firm conviction that the greatest
injury you could inflict on the Territories would
be to make this compulsory separation. What
harm can there be in leaving the whole matter in
the discretion of the Executive Department ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger.)
The amendment of the Senator from Illinois is
precisely in the same words as that offered by the
Senator from Michigan, except that he has stricken
out the words " to do so" in one line, and the
word " the" in another.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Precisely, so that the legal
effect is the same. I call for the yeas and nays on
this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I have a great
deal of confidence in the judgment of the honor-
able Senator from Arkansas, and of the Committee
on Indian Affairs; and as this proposition has
been brought forward by them, after very thorough
consideration, I am inclined to support it. The
amendment of the honorable Senator from 1 Uinois,
however, seems to me to be perfectly nugatory;
for I suppose it is not to be imagined that the
Executive of the United States, having power to
remove a territorial Governor, would think it
proper to divest him of a jurisdiction once vested
in him over the Indian tribes within the limits of
his Territory. If an exigency arose which, in
the opinion of the President, demanded such a
thing, I think he would be very apt to remove the
officer altogether. For this reason I think that
amendment ineffectual.
This whole question, it seems to me, should be
determined by what the Government considers its
true policy, and what the public interest requires
in regard to two points which I shall state. Is it
the object of the officers who have the manage-
ment and control of the Indian tribes within any
Territory, to induce them to remove out of it as
rapidly as possible, to get fresh acquisitions of
land, to conciliate them, and open the road for
new treaties with the Indians in order to clear
them entirely out, and to promote rapid settle-
ment? If that be the policy of the Government,
the Governor is the proper person to be superin-
dent of Indian affairs, and he ought to have the
whole control within his hands. The danger is,
that they are very likely to become over-anxious
to expel the Indians from their borders, and in
this way we occasionally become involved in
difficulties which might otherwise have been
avoided.
I make no imputations on the Governor
either of Washington or of Minnesota Territory.
Every gentleman here knows what the ambition
and policy of these Governors are likely to be,
almost in spite of themselves, on questions of this
kind. If the proper policy of the Government in
regard to the Indian tribes be what I have just
stated, there ought to be no change made; but the
Governors ought to have the superintendency of
Indian affairs. If, on thecontraiy, it is the policy
of the Government only to remove the Indians as
fast as they can be conveniently removed, with
some degree of consideration for their situation,
and wants, and desires; if we wish an officer to
conciliate and secure the affections of the various
tribes, it would be better, I think, to have a sepa-
rate superintendent for that purpose.
As to the Territory of Washington, I believe
there are but few Indians within its whole limits.
Although it reaches from the Pacific ocean to the
crest of the Rocky mountains, I do not believe
the Indians in the whole Territory exceed six
thousand or seven thousand, and they are made
up of I do not know how many tribes. In Min-
nesota the Indians have ceded almost all the lands
which are desirable for settlement.
The superintendents of Indians are more likely
to contract feelings of friendship, and pursue a
policy conciliatory and beneficent in regard to the
Indian tribes, than the Governors of the Territo-
ries. That is about the whole question. If the
superintendents are proper men, they will never
allow their local feelings to come in conflict with
their duty to the Government of the United States,
and with our policy in extending white settle-
ments where they ought to be extended, where
there is need for Indian country, and to lay the
foundation for new treaties as they ought to be
made to meet the requirements of our extending
borders. If our superintendents be the proper
men who ought to occupy those places, they can
have a powerful influence in restraining Indian
difficulties and preventing hostilities, particularly
if they be men of energy and sagacity, as well as
of good principle. If they be men of no capacity,
if they have not the means of adopting or pur-
suing a policy for the great end of the preservation
of peace, then it makes very little difference who
has the superintendency or management of the
Indians,
I think myself the Committee on Indian Affairs
are correct in regard to the rule which they have
laid down. I feel no anxiety about it; but I think
it is the truest policy of the Government to sepa-
rate the office of Territorial Governor from that
of the superintendent of Indian affairs, when-
ever it can be done conveniently. In this case, I
understand it is proposed to attach Washington
Territory to the superintendency of Oregon, where
the superintendent was appointed for the whol«
territory wh«n Oregon included the present Terri-
tory of Washington. In regard to Minnesota th«
proposition is, to attach it to the northern super-
intendency.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. Douglas's amendment to the amendment,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bright, Brodliead, Brown, Clay, Daw-
son, Douglas, Fnzpatrick, Foot, Gvviu, Hamlin, Jones of
Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Matron, Pettit, Seward, SlidelJ,
Stu trt, Tlinmson of New Jersey, Weller, and Wells—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Badget, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin,
Bramerd, Cha*>c, Clayton, Cooper, ftvans, Gillette, Hous-
ton, Hunter, Pearce, Pratt, Rusk, Thompson of Kentucky,
Wade, and Wilson—19.
The question recurring on the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, as thus amended,
was taken by yeas and nays, and resulted—yea#
16, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bright, Brodbead, Douglas, Fitzpatricft,
Jones of Iowa, Mason, Pearce, Peun, Sebastian, dewartf,
Shdell, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New
Jersey, VVellcr, and Wetls—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Alien, Badger, Bayard, Bell,
Benjamin, Brainerd. Chase, Clay, Clayton. Dawson, Foot,
Gillette, Gwm, Houston, Hunter, Jones or Tennessee, Mat-
lory, Pratt, Rusk, Wade, and Wilson—23.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
Mr. PETTIT. There ore, in my judgment,
some instances where the Secretary of the Interior
ought to have a discretionary power to pay out
moneys owins to the Indians, sometimes for pro-
visions furnished, for clothing, and at others for
services rendered. I take it that such a provision
would be wholesome and proper for the Indians,
especially as putting them in a condition where
they may possibly get credit when they shall need
it, for services, and for provisions. A proposition
of that kind cannot be properly objected to, if it
is guarded against abuse. I propose to the Senate
this amendment:
That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized to
pay, out of any money hereafter to be paid to any tribe, or
part ot' tribe, of Indians, such sum as tie may tie folly satis-
lied shall be justly due and owing to any person, or persons,
for necessary provisions furnish* d, or tor proper and ben-
eficial services rendered to such tribe, or part of tribe, the
assent of such tribe, or part of tribe, being first properly
obtained thereto.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the yeas and naya
on that amendment. The Senate, yesterday,
twice rejected the same provision in substance.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bright, Jones of Iowa, Pettit,
Rusk, and Weller—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Bayard, Benjamin, Brainerd,
Brodhend, Chase, Clay, Clayton, Dawson, Dodgeof Iowa,
Evans, Fnzpatrick, Foot, Guyer, Hamlin, Hunter,
MaJlory, Mason, Pratt, Seward, Slidell, Sfuart, Thompson
of' Kentucky, Toomson of New Jersey, Wade, Wells, and
Wilson—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendments were then ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time. The
bill, as amended, was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose after the amend-
ments which we have adopted, it is necessary to
amend the title of the bill, by adding, " ana for
other purposes."
The amendment was agreed to and the title, as
thus amended, was adopted.
SWAMP LANDS.
Mr. STUART. The House bill for the relief
of purchasers and locators of swamp and over-
flowed lands was amended by the Senate. The
House has disagreed to our amendment. I now
move that the Senate insist on its amendment, and
ask for a conference thereon.
The motion was agreed to; and the President
pro tempore was authorized to appoint the com-
mittee.
ORDER OF BUSINESS PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. GWIN. I ask the Senate now to proceed
to the consideration of the first special ordsr on
the Calendar—the bill reported by the pelect com-
mittee in relation to the construction of a railroad
to the Pacific ocean.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, there is a bill
