1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
751
territory people are settlir.g down, and so it is on
the other two routes also.
Besides, there is no great danger in that provis-
ion of the bill, for the reason that it requires the
President of the United States to make the sur-
veys, but the means are not provided in the bill
by which he is to make the surveys. It will be
hereafter in the discretion of the Senate, the hon-
orable Senator being one the body, and of the
House of Representatives, to furnish the means
of making these surveys.
Mr. MASON. Do you order a survey without
furnishing the necessary means to accomplish the
object ?
Mr. RUSK. The means are not furnished in
the bill, and therefore an appropriation will here-
after be required for the purpose. This provision
in the bill does not amount to any damage to the
Treasury, for Congress will hereafter have to say
whether it will give to the President the means
necessary to make the surveys. The length of
the line to be surveyed would not much exceed
three thousand miles in the whole.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, we have made
various treaties with the Indiana who formerly
occupied portions of the country now occupied by
the whites, giving to them the usufruct of the ter-
ritory assigned to them, until they should think
proper voluntarily to surrender it to the United
States. I am not advised, and I would therefore
inquire of the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, whether either of these roads will
pass through any portion of the territory of In-
dians with whom such treaties exist? I do not,
however, see him in his seat at present.
Mr. RUSK. I can answer the Senator. Nearly
all the treaties recently made with the Indians
reserve to the United States the right of making
roads through their country.
Mr. PET TIT. But they do not reserve the
land within forty miles on each side of the road.
Mr. RUSK. It is provided that the land cannot
be surveyed until the Indian title be extinguished
Mr. ADAMS. "Nearly all" is a very unsat-
isfactory answer. I take it for granted that to
reserve forty miles on each side of the roads—if
Indian country which the Government has pledged
its faith shall be al ways the property of the Indians,
and subject to their control, occupation, and use,
as our territory is to ours—would be an infraction
of our treaties with those Indians.
Mr. GWIN. If it be impracticable to make
the treaties, of course that is an obstruction which
cannot be overcome, for the bill only provides that
the President shall make treaties " if it be practi-
cable;" and in thatevent the roads can be located,
and not otherwise. There is, therefore, nothing
in the Senator's objection.
Mr. ADAMS. Well, sir, I understand that
that portion of the bill is, that the Indian title shall
be extinguished, if practicable; but the duty to
survey the whole line—forty miles on each side-—
whether it belongs to the Indians, or whether we
are entitled to it or not, is obligatory, under this
bill, as I understand.
Mr. GWIN. I will read the words of the bill:
" The President shall cause the public land on each side
of said route, or routes, to the extent of at least forty miles,
to he surveyed, and tho Indian title thereto extinguished,
if practicable."
If it is not practicable, of course he is not to do
it; and if the Indian title be not extinguished, no
surveys can be made, and no road be located.
Mr. GEYER. 1 desire to have the bill read-as
it stands. It is a measure of very considerable
importance. Scarcely anybody has been furnished
with a copy of it. It involves a very large
expenditure; and I think it is important that we
should know something of what is in it.
Mr. MASON. I will suggest to the Senator
that there has been no opportunity of comparing
opinions as to the probable vote on the bill. As
a test vote for the present, I move that it lie upon
the table.
Mr. WELLER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion, and hope it may be regarded as a
test question.
Mr. CHASE. I suggest to the Senator from
Virginia the expediency of withdrawing that mo-
tion for the present. It cannot be a test vote on
this bill. It is true as has been said by the Sena-
tor from Missouri 
A Senator. The motion to lay on the table is
not debatable.
Mr. CHASE. I ask the Senator from Virginia
to withdraw the motion to allow me to make a
statement.
Mr. MASON. I withdraw it.
Mr. CHASE. The vote to order the bill to lie
on the table cannot be a test vote for the very
reason suggested by the Senator from Missouri.
The bill has been before the Senate for sometime,
it is true; but it has been generally understood
that it would hardly be taken up or acted on at
this session. In consequence of that, I dare say,
many Senators, like myself, have not given the
subject that consideration which ought to be given
to one of such grave importance, and affecting so
momentuotisly the greatest interests of this coun-
try. The bill has not even been read in its pres-
ent form. We want time to consider it, and to
reflect upon it, and for the purpose of giving that
time, as it is now late, I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. SLIDELL called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 22, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Badger, Bavnrd, Chase,
Clayton, Cooper, Dawson, Eva i«, Pitzpatrick. Gillette,
Hunter, Mallory, Mason, Pearce, Pottit, Sumner, Thomp-
son of Kentucky, Toucey. Wade, Wells, and Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Benjamin, Brainerd. Bright, Brod*
head, Brown, Clay, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Foot,
Geyer, Gwin, Houston, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of
Tennessee, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Slide!!, Stuart, and
Weller—22.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. In order to test
this question, 1 renew the motion that the bill He
on the table. I am m favor of the bill, and shall
vote against laying it on the table; but if there is
strength in the Senate to pass it, we may just as
well pass it now as at any time. I make the
motion with a view to test the matter.
Mr. "WELLER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. CHASE. I shall vote against the motion,
but not as a test.
The question being taken resulted—yeas 22,
nays 23; as follows:
YEA3 — Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Brodhead,
Brown, Clay, Clavton, Coop'r, Dawson, Evans, Fessen-
den, Fitzpatrick, Ilunter, Mallory. Mason, Pearce, Peitit,
Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Toucey, Wells, and
Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Benjamin, Brainerd,
Bright, Chase, Dodge ol Wisconsin, Douglas, Foot, Geyer,
Gillette, Gwin, Houston, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of
Tennessee, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Slidell, Stuart, Wade,
and Weller—23.
So the Senate refused to order that the bill he
on the table.
Mr. GEYER. I have voted steadily against
adjournment, and against laying the bill on the
table, although, in my judgment, I cannot approve
the bill as it stands. I did hope that we might
have an opportunity of seeing a printed copy of it
before we were called upon to vote on it finally;
so that if it required amendments, they might be
made. I suppose I shall eventually vote for the
bill, if I cannot get a better one; but it seems to
me that gentlemen are pressing it rather too hard,
considering that we have not had an opportunity
of reading it, or hearing it read in the Senate; and
I state, as an apology due to the Senate, why I
ask a little further time for the consideration of the
bill, that my understanding when I was last in the
committee was, that we had determined to adhere
to the original bill. I suppose, now, I must have
been mistaken, as the chairman, this morning, has
reported this amendment.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will give way,
I will certainly move to adjourn, that he may
have an opportunity to examine it. 1 shall also
make the motion to have other copies of the bill
printed. It has been printed once.
Mr. EVANS. It is so long ago that we have
lost our conies.
Mr. GWIN . I move that the substitute, as
amended, be printed.
Mr. RUSK. Plenty of them have been printed.
Mr. GWIN. Then I hope there will be no
objection to reading the bill to-night, so that we can
get through with that part of the labor, and then
adjourn, and order the bill to be printed.
Mr. WELLER. Let it be read. It has already
been printed.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the bill will be read, and
then we can ad joujn, to accommodate Senators.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. GWIN. I hope not. Let us have the
bill printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous
consent the bill, as amended, will be printed, with-
out the necessity of a formal order. ["Agreed."]
Mr. Mason's motion was agreed to; and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thorsdat, February 15, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milbdrn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. CORWIN obtained the floor.
Mr. HENN. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. CORWIN. I desire merely to remark that
I am a very old man; that I have been a member
of this House for four years, and I have never
asked a favor at the hands of the House to take
up any thing out of its regular order. But there is
a bill now which I am anxious to have the House
consider. I will not occupy thetime of the House
over five minutes. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table
Senate resolution for the relief of Rebecca Hinton.
I appeal to the humanity and gallantry of the gen-
tleman from Iowa, not to insist upon the regular
order of business at this time, when the rights and
interests of a lady are involved.
Mr. HENN. I demand and insist upon the
regular order of business. 1 have refused a half
dozen times this morning to withdraw the demand
for the regular order of business, and I cannot,
under any circumstances, yield my demand.
Mr. CORWIN. The bill which I desire to take
up is for the relief of a lady, and I appeal to the
gallantry of the gentleman to withdraw his demand
for the regular order of business.
Mr. HENN. I have refused one widow lady
already, and I cannot give way.
Mr. HAVEN. I would inquire of the Chair
if it is in order to move that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to make that motion.
There are but fourteen days of the session left,
and computing the sessions at four hours each,
we shall have but fifty-six hours remaining, in
which to dispose of the public business, of which
there is much pending. I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. HENN. Do I understand the Chair to
decide that it is in order to move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole at
this time?
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order, un-
less there is some old question before the House
upon which some gentleman is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HAMILTON. What is the regular order
of business ?
The SPEAKER. It is House bill No. 102,
being " An act granting lands equally to the sev-
eral States to aid in the construction of railroads
and for the support of schools," upon which the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Hamilton] is
entitled to the floor. The motion, therefore, of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Haven]
would not be in order at this time.
Mr. HAVEN. I see that the Chair is right,
and I desire to appeal to the gentleman from
Maryland to allow me to make the motion that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and I say to
him and the House that the appropriation biils are
in very great danger.
Mr. HAMILTON. In response to the gentle-
man from New York, I will say that it is my
purpose, in order to proceed to the consideration
of the important public business pressing before
the House, to move that this bill be committed to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and upon that motion I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HAVEN. The demand for the previous
question being now pending, I move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SOLLERS. I ask the unanimous consent
