752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15.
of the House to allow me to make a report of a j'
bill that has been in my desk for three weeks. It "
will take but a moment to dispose of it.
Mr. HENN. 1 hope that the House will rote
down the motion of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Haven,] so that vie may devote the
morning hour to reports from committees.
TEXAS INDEMNITY BILL.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Before that motion is
put to vote, I rise to what I suppose to be a privi-
leged question. I learn that the Senate have dis-
agreed to the amendments of this House to the
Texas indemnity bill, and have asked a commit-
tee of conference. I believe the usual parliamentary
motion is that the House insist upon their amend-
ments,and agree to the request for a committee of
coherence. I make that motion.
Mr. COBB. Is that a question of privilege?
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that the
motion is in order. It is at least in order, as a
rule of practice of this House, and a very proper
one.
The question was then put; and the motion
was agreed to.
The Sneaker thereupon appointed Messrs.
Breckinridge, Jones, of Tennessee, and Howe,
as such committee on the part of the House.
The q lestion then recurring on the moiion that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HENN called fortellers. "
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. HENN. 1 demand the yeas and naya.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then put;and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Edgerton in the chair.) *
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state that
the first business in order before the committee is
Hou-se bill (No. 569) making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government
for the year ending the 30.h of June, 1856, and
for other purposes. The Clerk will read the first
section of the bill.
Mr. FAULKNER. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
a question of order and priority of business. 1
move that the Army appropriation bill be taken
up, and considered by the committee, and I call
the attention of the Chair to the I35'h rule of the
House, which provides " that general appropria-
tion bills, and, in time of war, bills for raising men
and money, shall be preferred to all other bills at
the discretion of the committee; and, when de-
manded by any member, the question shall first
be put in regard to them." Tne Army appropri-
ation bill embraces provisions for raising men and
money at the call of the Executive. Some gen-
tlemen smile at the idea of there being now an
existing war. But 1 stand here prepared to de-
monstrate to this House, and to the country, from
official sources of information 
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I call the gentleman from
Virginia to order. 1 object to all debate.
Mr. PAULICNER, (amid loud cries of " Or-
der!" from a portion of the House, was under-
stood to say.) 1 stand here prepared, from official
documents, to satisfy this House that a state of
actual hostilities—of war—exists between the In-
dian tribes of the West and the whiter—'he fron-
tiers bleeding—and, if not within the letter, I am
certainly wiiiiin the spirit of the rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, and will state to thegentleman that thecivil
and diplomatic bill has aheady been taken up by
a vote of i he House,and that is the bill nowunder
consideration.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the first rending
of this bill be dispensed with. I do rot desire, at
this Lite day of the session, to occupy the time of
the House.
Mr. SOLLERS. I object to dispensing with
the first rer'dt Z- Let it l-e read.
Mr FAULKNER. I appeal from the decision
of the Cf'S'r.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from Virginia will reflect for a moment upon the
rule which he has read, he will see—even if what
he states as fact be true that we are in a state of
war already with the Indians—that it would not
entitle the Army bill to be taken up in preference to
the civil and diplomatic bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
debate is not in order upon this question. Does
the Chair understand the gentleman from Virginia
to appeal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 do.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, " Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the committee."
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would inquire if there is
any objection to dispensing with the first reading
of this very long bill?
Mr. SOLLERS. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. Tiien I desire to say a few
words.
Mr. SOLLERS. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am in order. I am entitled
to the floor, and have the right to discuss the ques-
tion. I wish to say this to the committee 
Mr. HENN. 1 would ask the Chair if it is in
order to move to lay aside this bill for the present ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides such
a motion would not be in order while the gentle-
man from Alabama is upon the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. What I want to say to the
committee is, that there are three or four most
important appropriation bills which have not yet
been sent to the Seriate. My desire is, as well as
the desire of those gentlemen who are c< operating
with me, that they shall be taken up and passed
through this Mouse, in order that they may be
sent to the Senate for action upon them. We
have only fourteen days of this session left, and
it is inevitable that some of these bills will be lost
if we take up bills upon which extensive debate
must arise.
Mr. HAVEN. I rise to a question of order. I
believe the proposition of the gentleman from
Alabama is to change the order of business. The
question is not debatable. But the Chair has
decided that the civil and diplomatic bill is before
the committee for consideration. If the gentleman
makes a motion to change it, 1 ask for the ques-
tion upon it at once.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman has entirely
mistaken my remarks. 1 am desirous to keep
before the committee the civil and diplomatic bill.
Mr. HAVEN. Very well; then let us go on
with it.
Mr. OLDS I move to lay aside the civil and
diplomatic biil for the present. I make the motion
for the purpose of afterwards submitting a motion
to take up the ocean mail steamer bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a question
of order. I submit the question that the gentle-
man has no right to make such a motion. One
bill is already up before the committee, and he
can make no moiion to put it aside.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, to lay aside
the civil and diplomatic bill, is in order.
Mr. OLDS. I make the motion. I had no
doubt it was in order; and [ hope it will be agreed
10. This ocean steamer bill is a short one, and
we can get through with it to-day.
Mr. JONES, "of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Ohio wishes to take up a biil which will
consume more time in its consideration than the
civil and diplomatic bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Bat the Chair decides
the motion to lay aside the civil and diplomatic
bill is in order.
Mr. SEWARD I des:re to inquire of the
Chair what has become of the bill for the con-
struction of the seven steam sloops of war?
The CHAIRMAN. That bill is not up. It
is still in the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 appeal from the decision
of the Chair that the motion to lay aside the civil
and diplomatic bill is in order.
Mr. SEWARD. But I wanttobe informed in
reference to this subject of the steam war sloops.
'When the House was last in committee we had
before us the bi'l to which I have referred, and 1
want to know in what way it has been got rid of
The CHAIRMAN. In reply to the gentleman
the Chair would say, that the committte, when
last in Bession( by a vote took up the civil and
diplomatic bill in preference to other business, and
that bill is before the House at this time. The
gentleman from Ohio moves to lay it aside, and
take up the ocean mail steamer bdl, The Chair
decides the motion in order, and the gentleman
from Virginia takes an appeal from that decisioa.
The question is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw the appeal for
the present.
Mr. OLDS. I demand tellers on my motion.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the committee do
now rise. I have made an inquiry which wa« not
answered. I do not think any business will be
done to-day.
The CHAIRMAN. A motion that the com-
mittee do rise is not in order while the committee
is dividing.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 take an appeal from that
decision of the Chair.
[Cries of "There is an appeal already pend-
ing."]
TheCHAIRMANappointed Messrs. Oujsand
Hendricks tellers on the motion of Mr. Olds.
Mr. HAVEN. I think the Chair is under a
misapprehension. My friend from Virginia with-
drew his appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state the
question. The gentleman from Ohio moved that
the civil and diplomatic bill be laid aside, and that
the committee take up for consideration the bill
making appropriations for the transportation of
the United States mail, by ocean steamers and
otherwise, during the fiscal year ending the 30-h
June, 1856. The Chair decided the motion to be
in order; an appeal was taken from that decision,
but was subsequently withdrawn. Theqne-stion
is now on the motion to lay aside the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Would it be in
order before putting the question to have the 135th
rule read ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair isof the opin-
ion that it would.
Mr. JONES. Then I hope that it may be read,
so that this question may be set in its true tight
befoie the committee.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that the
motion is not in order while the House is divid-
ing.
Mr. SEWARD. Prom that decision I took an
appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides noap-
peal can be entertained while the committee ia
dividing.
The question was taken on Mr. Olds's motion;
and it was agreed to, the tellers having reported—
ayes 74, noes 57.
So the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill
was laid aside, and the mail steamer bill was
taken up.
Mr. FAULKNER. Mr. Chairman, I now
move that the bill making appropriations for the
transportation of the United States mail, by ocean
steamers arid otherwise, during the fiscal year
ending the .'Mill of June, 1856. be laid aside, and
that the committee take up for consideration the
Army appropriation bill.
The CtlAIRMYN. The Chair decides the
motion to be in order.
Mr. FAULKNER. I demand tellers on the
moiion.
Te'lers were ordered; and Messrs. McDougaix
and Coeb were appointed.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to, the tellers having reported—ayes 55,
noes 74.
So the committee refused to lay the mail steamer
appropriation bill aside
OCEAN MAIL STEAMERS.
The Clerk then proceeded to report the bill to
the committee.
Mr. OLDS. I ask that the first reading of the
bill may tie dispensed with.
Mr LSLLY Ioiject.
The bdl was then read throueh.
The reading by sections was then commenced.
The first paragraph was read, as follows:
For transportation of the mail* from New York to Liv-
erpool and back, $819,500 s and that the Secretary of the
