754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
to the bond. One of my constituents contracted to carry
the mail from Zanesville, Ohio, to MaysviUe, Kentucky,
and, like Mr. Collins, he made a bad bargain and failed.
What was the consequence? The Post Office Department
commenced a suit against his sureties. I have been nego-
tiating for a compromise, and have just completed an
arrangement by which the sureties of my constituent pay
$2,500 to be released from the bond.
"Now,sir, I am willing to release Mr. Collins from his
bond, without damages or prejudice. T do not wish to
hold him to a bad bargain, and I am willing that he should
have the opportunity not only of relinquishing and giving
up that bargain, but also of being a bidder again. Surely
this is giving overall competition. My amendment requires
first-class steamers for the transportation of this mail. Col-
lins has such steamers all ready for the hervice. This gives
him a most decided preference over any other person. If
he has a bad bargain, I do for hira what the Government
would not do for my constituent. I am wilkng to relieve
him from the bad contract, and then suffer him to come in
and compete for the contract again.
" i meet the objection of those who say that we are upon
the British side, by excluding British competition. I re-
quire the steamers to be American steamers, and the bidder
to be an American bidder. What can they ask more than
this ? Is it not doing full justice to Collins & Co.1 warn
£. K. Collins & Co. not to relinquish this contract with a
second thought. One of the largest steamboat owner* and
builders in the United States—a gentleman of great experi-
ence, and who has a memorial before the Pfw Office Com-
mittee for the transportation of the mail upon ocean
steamers between New York and San Francisco—said to
me that he would give Collins & Co. §200.000 for their con-
tract, and transport this mail for the balance of their time,
if he eould get their contract without taking their steamers.
The contra<t, then, is a good one, and my friend from Ken-
tucky [ijlr. Mason] is right in supposing that this enormous
appropriation i> for rosewood and mirrors, and not for the
mail service of the country. The whole truth is, the^e
steamers are extravagantly and gorgeously furm>hed; they
are, in faet, floating palaces, too extravagant to be profit-
able to the owners unless, by this appropriation, the people
can be compelled to foot the bill.
"Mr. Hart. I would like to inquire if the gentleman
has made a calculation how much the Cunard steamers
co>t ?
" Mr. Olds. T have nothing to do with the Cunarders. I
am as much of an American citizen as the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Hart,] and I have gone as (ar as he dare
go, for I have excluded British competition, and required
the bidder to be an American citizen. What ous,ht Collins
to as/, more thanfhis ? Have f not done him fui! justice?
If he has a hard contract and a hard bargain, let him throw
it up. The Government would not let my constituent do
it, but compelled his sureties to pay the penalty of the bond.
Notwithstandi ng this, I would let Mr. Collins throw up his
contract, and bid again. All he has to do is to enter into
competition with other American citizen*, and not Briu-h.
I wain him, however, that there are American citizens
enouuh ready to take this contract. He need not fear
British competition. But let him beware of the enterpris-
ing Yankees, who will beat the British in this, as ihey have
done m everything eise. X repeat, sir, give the Yankees
ha f a chance, and they will beat the British and give them
Jour in the game.
Mr. SMITH. The committee cannot fai! to
see the point at issue. They cannot fail to see
that the gentleman from Ohio at that time pro-
posed to treat E. K. Collins & Co. with liberal
justice. He was willing to let the contract out on
a regular public bid. He was willing to let the Col-
lins company loose from a bad bargain, although
the securities of one of his constituents had to
pay a sum of money to the Post Office Depart-
ment for breach of contract. And he states that
there were responsible men willing to take Collins's
contract as it then stood, and to pay him for it
|200,000
I call the attention of the committee to this for
the purpose of letting them understand the gentle-
man's position at that time. But the gentleman
says that an advertisement was published for bids
for this contract, and that there was not a bidder.
Sir, why was that so? The gentleman himself
has furnished the answer; for, subsequently to
this, at the last session of the present Congress,
he, as chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, reported a bill annuling a por-
tion of their heavy allowance with E. K. Collins
on giving the very notice contemplated by the bill
now lying upon your tabl£.
Mr. OLDS. It waa*fb amend the contract al-
together, to make it different.
Mr. SMITH. There was a notice to discon-
tinue the contract, as I understand it. That prin-
ciple is now in the bill before the committee, and
it is that which the gentleman from Ohio proposes
to get rid of by his personal, individual effort and
influence, not as chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. He rises here,
not in his official capacity, but upon his own per-
sonal responsibility, and offers an amendment to
get rid of the recommendation of the very com-
mittee over which he presides as chairman. Sir,
that proposition comes in conflict with his whole
antecedents; comes in conflict with all his posi-
tions; comes in conflict with the allegation, on his
part, that Collins had then a good contract; comes
in conflict with his own expressed opinions,
founded upon an intimate knowledge of the sub-
ject; comes in conflict with his own allega'ian,
that Collins could get $200,000 for his contract;
comes in conflict, I say, wiih an allegation which
he made, and which is true, that these steamers
are palaces, floating palaces, and made so by the
liberality of this Government. Sir, how is it, I
ask, that the gentleman has suddenly undergone
such a mighty change? When, sir, he was in
this wise persecuting, it may be said, Collins &
Co.; when he was engaged in the performance of
his high duties, as chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads; aye, sir, even when
he was on his road from Tarsus to Damascus, he
seems most unexpectedly to have fallen under the
power of a new light, and now comes forward
converted to a strange and extraordinary opinion.
Here, sir, is a very good lesson from the pages
of the good book, to which I beg briefly to call
the attention of the committee.
Mr. SOLLERS. Oh, the devil sometimes quotes
Scripture for his own purposes. [Laughter..]
Mr. SMITH, (reading:)
" And as he journeyed he came near Damascus; and sud-
denly there shmed roundabout hinj a light from .Heaven.
" And he fell to the earth, and heard a voice saying unto
him : Saul, Saul, why persecutes! thou me?
"And he said: Who art thou, Lord? And the Lord
said: Iain Jesus whom thou persecutes!. It is hard for
thee to kick against the pricks."
I introduce this thing, Mr. Chairman, in no
spirit of irreverence. I introduce it in this Hall,
t( To point a moral and adorn a tale."
[Laughter.]
For, sir, the conversion of the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Offipe and Post Roads is
scarcely less remarkable than, the conversion of
the Apostle Paul, to that hour the greatest perse-
cutor of the Christians of that day. [Laughter.]
Mr. OLDS. As to my conversion 1 can only
say that the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith]
may comc to me to receive his sight, as Saul went
to Ananias.
Mr. SMITH. I do hope that the motives of
the conversion of the gentleman from Ohio may
have been as true and as genuine as were those
of the Apostle Paul himself But, sir, that will be
a question for thegentlemen of the committee and
for the country to determine. And although the
devil sometimes quotes Scriptures, as the learned
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Sollers] has
said, yet it is the duty of him who stands up for
the right, in the temples temporal or spiritual of
the country, to refer to that holy book for the
purpose of rebuking error and sin. I did not
expect in coming here to-day to have to speak in
reference to this bill, because there are other bills,
of inlinitely higher importance to the country,
which should have first engaged the consideration
of the committee. Here are the bills providing
for the Government of the country untouched.
Here is the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill
unconsidered. Here is the Army bill involving
an important addition to our Army—made neces-
sary by the hostilities of the Indians on the plains
—unconsidered. All has been made to give way
to this quasi personal claim, led on by the dis-
tinguished member from Ohio.
A few words more, Mr. Chairman, and 1 shall
have done with the merits of the question, for
most assuredly I would
" Nothing extenuate,
Nor set down aught in malice."
The gentleman from Ohio has given his various
views on the subject, and has indulged in common
dissertation which has often been indulged in m
this Hall about the value of these Collins steamers
for war* purposes. And in that connection, in
referring to the evidence of the Navy Department,
and of the various officials of that Department,
the gentleman has indulged in a course of remark
which 1 think he should not have done. I say,
sir, he has sought to get rid of the testimony of
the Navy Department, and of the experienced
officers of that Department, and by what means ?
By denouncing them as " Old Fogies," by sinking
into a clap-trap description, to get rid of the just
weight which ought to attach to their official rep-
resentations. What has he done? He has not
introduced new evidence to show that the Secretary
of War was in error when he reported against the
adaptation of these vessels for war purposes, but
he has ventured to charge our young, gifted, and
indefatigable Secretary, with his able and practical
advisers, with being old fogies, and upon evidence
which he has had before him for years, which he
has repeatedly passed upon and disregarded, and
wonderful to tell, upon the letter of that gallant
and gifted old fogie, Commodore Stewart, who
stands senior captain and Nestor of the American
Navy. t
" Oil wad some power the giftie gie us,
To see oursels as ithers see us;
It wad frae mony a blunder free us,
An' foolish notion."
A very few words more, and I will bring my
remarks to a close. I state to this committee that
men of the highest responsibility in this country,
will take this contract for $15,000 the round trip.
I will ask the Clerk to read a paper which I desire
to put upon the record here, that it may go forth
to the nation, so that we may have in an emphatic
form, evidence to confront the action of this Con-
gress if they should dare to do what the honor-
able gentleman from Ohio proposes.
The following paper was then read by the Clerk:
Ocean Steamers.—Pursuant to a proposal of the Post-
master General,inviting bid*} for carrying the foreign mails
m steamships, a gentleman of ample means, Christian
Hansen, (see p. M. G. R., December 1, J853, pages-65 to
71 and 79,) offered to run a line of four steamers of the first
grade, to be constructed under the supervision of the Navy
Department, from Brookl1 n, New York, to Hamburg, in
Ilolstein, Denmark; via Plymouth, Antwerp, and Rotter-
dam, to OKickstddt, at the mouth of the Elbe, thence by
railway (two hours) to Hamburg.
This mail service is greater than any now performed by
any mail ocean steamerm theservjee of the United States
for the price, and less $28,000 than the contract price paid
for the Jme now running to Liverpool, and less $428,000
paid the same line, aggregating the contract price and extra
bonus of $500,000.
The advantages to be secured by the proposed line are:
1. The nearly simultaneous delivery of the mails at Liv-
erpool, London, Paris, Brussels, and Hamburg, the chief
commercial marts of Europe.
2. By the delivery of the mail at Plymouth, the mail to
London and Liverpool by rai'way will be simultaneous ;
and the delivery some twenty-four hours sooner at Loudon,
and six hours sooner at Liverpool.
3. By this line, the transit postage of $300,000 paid on
the Prussian, French, and Bremen closed mail, delivered
now at Liverpool, will be saved, as they will be delivered
at Antwerp, and reach their destination some three days
sooner than by the present Bremen mail; also, will be
saved to travelers the transit fare of passengers through
England, of at least 01,900,000 per annum.
4. A large amount of letter postage to the continent will
be saved by this line, the postage being reduced to ten cents
in lieu of forty cents now paid on all letters passing through
England.
5. The post office receipts will be materially improved
by the increase of letters, as letters in large packages from
Northern Europe are mailed m London for the United States
which will come in tins line.
6. By the shipment direct of our great staples to the con-
tinent, all the intermediate charges at Liverpool, such as
commissions and expanses incident to reshipment to the
continent, will bp saved to the planter.
7. Bv direct shipment and a depot {'or cotton and tobacco
at Gluck-?tadt. the vallrv of the Rhine will be supplied with
the raw material, and the planter thereby will have two
markets, and to a gieat extent control the Liverpool market.
8. The advantage to The planter of a depot is seen, when
the trade in cotton twist up the valiey of the Rhine is taken
into consideration. Sixty millions of dollars is now paid
by the people of the Rhine (Zolverem Customs Union) to
England annually for twist made of American cotton,
which would be otherwise spun by German factories, if a
supply ofthe raw material could be bad.
9. For the first time a conveyance in steamships to
America will be presented at reasonable prices, to a large
cias? of artisans and agriculturists, who, hitherto dreading
the "emigrant ships," have delayed emigrating, and who
will bring with them means whereby the country will be
benefited, if population be an element of power and a source
of wealth.
10. By the terminus at Hamburg, and thence by the in-
land links of travel (by railway) through Piussia and Aus-
tria to the Trieste, on the Adriatic, and by the Danube .to
Odessa, Trebizond, and Constantinople, thence to Alex-
andua and Arabia, new market^ nou monopolized by Eng-
land, will be opened to American products of cotton texture,
11. As to the cost of these steamer*, not a dollar of public
money is astced for, nor a cent under the contract, until the
steamers have rendured service : and the most ample bonds
will be given by the contractor for the prompt performance
of the service, in accordance with the requirements of the
contract.
The proposed line, thus presenting so many advantages
to the Government and the people, in point of economy,
both as to time and monev, appeals to a great American
principle for oupport—and that is, the non-interference of
Government, except public emergency demands it.
The G ivernnient now pay for the line of steamers to
Liverpool $838,000 \ The genltetnan in question proposes
to periO'tn the fame and more service, to greater advantage
to the Government, for the sum of {§355,030; and by the
chance of the termini, wiilsave the heavy tranrit postage
of .<>3u0 000 now paid, by delivering the raailsat Liverpoo',
and also the sum of paid the Bremen line, (which
ought never to have been established,) which will be ren-
dered useless by the line proposed.*
