1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
745
Summary.
Collins leceives, per annum,     $858,000 00
Hansen proposes rendering more service for.. i*oo,000 00
Difference in price    $503;b00 00
1. England receives fiom the United States,
in closed mails, per annum....§178,422 t>t>
2. Postage, 16 cents, on 237,576
French letters, earned m the
Cunurd line  38,012 16
  216,434 82
Total of items one and two saved by Hansen's
line  $719,323 82
Amount paid the Bremen line  2( 0 000 00
$919.434 82
This large sum would be saved by the running of Han-
sen's lino, and giving the notice to Collins.
Collins lias recem d extra on- his original con-
tract,from January, lb52, to30th June, 1855.. $1,750,000
Amount paid bun under his original contract,
from 1848 to 30th June, 1855   2,502.500
Whole amount paid Collins $1,25V-00
Which sum l<s independent of the large amounts received
for freight and j/dwn^cTS.
Sixty tents is paid to Collins for every letter carried by
his line to Liverpool.
Thepobtage on every letter intended for the continent,
carrier! by tins lino, amounts to forty cenfc, paid by the cor-
respondent.
By Haw-en's line, the postage per letter to the continent
would be ten cents—a saving of three fourths.
Mr. SMITH. I wish this committee and the
country lo understand that, by this proposition,
on the Collins steamer line aione five hundred
and three thousand dollars, and nine hundred and
odd thousand dollars on the steamer lines to Eu-
rope, can be saved per annum.
Mr. FAULKNER, (interrupting.) I wish to
make one inquiry of the gentleman. I wish to ask
him whether he has not seen in the public prints,
withm the last month, a proposition, made by a
gentleman from New York, of ample responsi-
. bility, to carry these mails for the Government,
for less than one half that is paid to the Collins
line?
Mr. SMITH. Yes; 1 will notice my colleague's
suggestion /resent!y.
i proclaim here—and I would that the world
could hear it—that here is a proposition to save
to this country nine hundred thousand and odd
dollars a year, and that, too, from men who are
not, as I am assured, greedy speculators, but fail
of responsibility, and ready to give ample securi-
ties for the full and complete performance of the
proposed contract. And yet the gentleman from
Ohio advocates the continuance of this great mo-
. nopoly!
Sir, if was only last session that the honorable
chairman of the Post Office Committee went out
of his way to speak in terms of indignation and
contempt of the profligate waste of this public
money in pampering the Collins line to the great
detriment of the little inland post-lines required by
the wants of our worthy and unpretending fellow-
citizens. He then speculated upon the hundred
and one deprivations, which our interior country
would suffer in consequence of the appropriation
of these enormous sums.
Sir, we all know Cornelius Vanderbilt, in person
or by reputation. He has made famefor himself,
and has also added to that of our country. I know
him well, and he has no superior in the line of his
profession. His late yacht expedition is a matter
of pride and glory to our country, and wus the
admiration and wonder of all the countries of Eu-
rope. The magnificence of his movements was
not believed, in many of the despotisms of Eu-
rope, to be that of a private individual; and, in
consequence of a belief that it was a governmental
movement, he fell under the surveillance of one, at
least, of the countries of the Old World.
This man will perform these services for $15,000
a trio; and shall we pay E. K. Collins & Co.
$33,000 for the same services, and that, too, at the
instance of one who, up to the bursting of tltis
new light upon him, was perfectly satisfied it was
a gross misapplication of the public treasure, and
that it was squandering upon a pampered com-
pany sums which ought to be distributed to sup-
ply the humble mail wants of a plain and unpre-
tending people?
Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to the whole system
of ocean steamers, as a governmental movement,
between this country and foreign parts—opposed
to the whole. I consider it a source of corrup-
tion, deep and damning. I consider it a source of
gross violation of public duty.
Mr. OLDS. Will the gentleman permit me to
ask him a question? I remember that last ses-
sion, when my friend and colleague on the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Iloads reported
a bill to pay a million and a half of dollars for a
line of mail steamships to California, he found not
a more efficient advocate for that bill upon this
floor than the gentleman from Virginia himself.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That was for the
domestic mail service.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Chairman,
" Optics keen hath he, I ween,
Who sees what is not to be seen."
I said I was hostile to all the ocean steamers which
are to connect us with foreign parts. The gentle-
man lays hold upon it to make his wholly inap-
plicable remark.
Mr. OLDS. The gentleman has had new light
bursting upon him.
Mr. SMITH. I say, so far as California is
concerned—a part of our country which, up to a
late period, has been neglected by our Govern-
ment— I am ready to foster and assist it by every
means in our power, which does not involve a
great constitutional principle. I am not one of
those who recognize the Constitution as limited to
my own district, and not applying to a part of the
country situated a few thousand miles distant.
Mr. OLDS. The gentleman must have been to
Damascus lately.
Mr. SMITH. That is a place which I do not
visit, and I leave it entirely to the gentleman from
Ohio. [Laughter.] I a?k this committee, and
through it I ask the House, if it is the policy of
a republican people to build, and foster, and sus-
tain these splendid ocean palaces? I say the sys-
tem i9 demoralizing. 1 say it corrupts the tastes
and habits of the country,and it engenders a spirit
of rivalry, and extravagance of habit which is
wholly at war with that simplicity which ought to
belong to republican institutions. 1 say it is using
the treasure of the country for the purpose of cor-
rupting the morals of the people. An elegant sim-
plicity is true taste, whether m public or private
affairs. But that gorgeous ostentation which
makes everything marvelous to those who wit-
ness it, operates unfavorably upon the habits and
tastes of the people.
Mr. OLDS. If the gentleman is opposed to all
these extra appropriations, I should like to know
how he acquired Ins name of '"Extra Billy
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman has no right to
interrupt rne for the purpose of being impertinent.
No man has a right to be impertinent—none in
the world; and he is not a gentleman who will vio-
late the rules of order for the purpose of violating
the laws of good manners. [Cries of " Ouler!"
" Order !"] I got that sobriquet in connection with
the gentleman's own department, and,thank God,
never by a dishonorable, mean, unworthy, and
contemptible trick. Does the gentleman under-
stand that ?
Mr. OLDS. The gentleman understands it
better than any one else.
Mr. SMITH, I say to this House, briefly, that
I have, perhaps, a right to it, by a manly, frank,
open, cordial, and faithful execution of ail polit-
ical and personal duties which have been devolved
upon me. I care not. I am, I hope, like the
Democratic party, which wins for any nickname
you choose, popularity, because it touches the
hearts and sympathies of the people. In conclu-
sion, Mr. Chairman, I will say that I came here
to-day with no purpose in the world to say any-
thing. And what i have said has been the result
of the feelings which have been aroused within me
by this proposition which has come from thegen-
tieman from Ohio, the more remarkable because
of his most remarkable conversion. *
Mr. WALBRIDGB. Mr. Chairman, in the
remarks which I am about to submit I shall enter
into no personal considerations of this question,
but look at it as it affects the entire Union. I
shall reply to the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Smith] so far as he says that he is opposed to
this appropriation on constitutional grounds, and
the views which I may express are entitled to
some force, for they are and have been consistent.
At the last and previous sessions of Congress,
and even before 1 took a seat in this Hail, I was
in favor of this Collins steamship line. I was in
favor of it from the conviction that its support
was essential to the naval prosperity of this
country. We ought to have no concern with the
question whether or not Mr. Collins, Commodore
Vanderbilt, or any other equally meritorious citi-
zen is interested in the contract. The question is
one of greater magnitude, and entirely of higher
consideration.
Mr. Chairman, looking to the important rela-
tions which the city of rfew York bears toward
the commerce of the Union, and the measure of
her annual contributions to the revenue of the
country, no one will deny she has a legitimate
right to be heard in the matter now before us.
The question involves high and-grave consider-
ations. It affects deeply our commercial interests,
and is no less than this: Shall American naval
enterprise, invited by your legislation, begun and
sustained under your auspices for the wisest con-
siderations, and resting upon a basis of the sound-
est economy to the country, be neglected or <lis-
carded by hesitancy or refusal to continue the
contract which gives us a position of ascendency
in the rivalry between this country and Great
Britain, in ocean navigation?
The General Government had long felt the re-
proach that lay at its door for neglecting the inter-
ests of our commerce for seven years, by permit-
ting our trans-Atlantic rival deliberately to assume
superiority in ocean steam navigation.
In the year 1838, the first ship of the Cunard
line was built. She was called the Great Britain.
In the year following, the British Government
made a contract for seven years with the proprie-
tors for carrying the mails from their shores to
ours. What was the condition of things at that
time in the competition between the American and
British sailing vessels? The former defied all
competition in the transportation of light mer-
chandise and of passengers Superior speed and
other sailmgqualuies placed them far ahead of the
English models. 'What was to be done? The
Bntish Government, justly sensitive to the com-
mercial interests of its citizens, sought a remedy
in the contract of 1839 with Cunard; and with it
went to that line almost a monopoly of the valu-
able carrying trade which we had previously pos-
sessed.
In this new and profitable channel of business,
our Anglo rivals went on most prosperously for
themselves, but most detrimentally to our splen-
did clipper ships, that had been doing a thrifty
business, and had distinguished themselves in
this special department of the carrying trade.
The country felt the neglect, our peoplesaw the
listlessness of the legislative department in the
matter, but finally public opinion—the propel-
ling power in our institutions—reached these Halls
and dictated the enactment of 1845, by which
the Postmaster General was authorized " to c6n-
tract for the transportation of the United States
mail between any of the ports of the United
States and a port or ports of any foreign Power,
whenever, in his opinion, the public interest
would thereby be promoted;" and the Postmaster
General was also directed, in ail cases of offer
to contract for carrying the mail between any
ports of the United States and any foreign port
or place " to give the preference to such bidder
as shall contract to carry the mail in a steamship,
or steamships, find the said contractor stipulating
to deliver said ship or steamships to the United
States, or to their proper officer, upon demand
made, for the purpose of being converted into a
vessel of war, the United States being bound on
their part to pay to said owner or owners the fair
full value of every such ship or vessel at the time
of such delivery," &c. Well, after the passage
of this act, which shows that Congress, though
tardy, had at last waked up to the importance of
doing something, the Postmaster General made
proper advertisements for bids to perform the ser-
vice. None was received. The British had taken
the start of us. They had already been reaping
the advantage of ocean steam navigation for seven
years without competition; had acquired high
standing, great experience, with unlimited capital.
Who was then to be found ready to vindicate
American enterprise and skill, and to enter into
this fierce competition with capital and courage at
hand? An energetic and patriotic citizen of New
York, Mr. Edward K. Collins, came forward,
after having been solicited by the Government to
make a bid, and submitted his proposals, which
were accepted#
