756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
The contract of Mr. Collins called for ships of
two thousand tons measurement for each steamer,
with one thousand horse power, to be built for
great speed, and sufficiently strong for war pur-
poses, and in 1847 Congress gave its deliberate
and unequivocal sanction to the law of the 3i of
March of that year, providing for the building
and equipment of four naval steamships.
The second section of that act made it the duty
of the Secretary of the .Navy "to accept on the
part of the Government of the United States the
proposals of Mr. Coliins and his associates," for
the transportation of the United States mail be-
tween New York and Liverpool, and to contract
with the said E. K. Collins and his associates for
the faithful fulfillment of the stipulations therein
contained; and in accordance with the provisions
of that act, the third section of which declared
" that the steamships to be employed by the said
E. K. Coliins and his associates in the transpor-
tation of the United States mail between New
York and Liverpool, shall be constructed under
the inspection of a naval conductor in the employ
of the Navy Department, and shall be constructed
so as to render them convertible, at the least pos-
sible cost, into war steamers of the first clats."
At the time this contract was executed between
the Government and Mr. Collins, the largest Ca-
nard ship was only fourteen hundred tons, with five
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I beg to state to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Walbridge,]
that Cornelius Vanderbilt, .known as Commodore
Vanderbilt, has now before the Postmaster Gen-
eral a written proposition, in which he agrees to
perform this service for $15,000. I repeat that
there is such a proposition now before the Post-
master General, made by Cornelius Vanderbilt.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, if my friend from
New York [Mr. Walbridge] will allow me,. I
desire to ask the gentleman from Virginia, who has
told the committee that Mr. Vanderbilt has pro-
posed to perform this mail service for §15,000,
I whether Mr. Vanderbilt will also relieve the Gov-
ernment from the responsibility of purchasing the
Collins steamers?
Mr. SMITH. I do not know anything about
that. If the Government has any contract with
Mr. Collins in reference to the purchase of his
steamers, they will fulfill it, without doubt.
Mr. TAYLOR. I wish to say that 1 under-
stand the United States to be compelled to take
! those four steamers at a very high rate, they
' huvingcostoriginallyabout$300,000each. Now,
! sir, these gentlemen, who have placed printed
| papers upon our desks day by day, proposing to
take the contract for carrying the mail from New
York to Liverpool, say nothing about relieving
the Government from their contract to take these
hundred horse power. Soon as the energetic ji Coliins steamers whenever his contract for carry-
action of this Government became known, Cunaid
laid the keels of the four ships, America, Europa,
Canada, and Niagara, each of eighteen hundred
tons.
Collins, fully appreciating the responsibilities
he had assumed, determined to do his pait in
vindicating the ability of the American people to
compete with the citizens of Great Britain, and
he, therefore, appiied to and received from the
proper Department a carte blanche to build ships
one thousand tor j larger, with a corresponding
increase of niotiv „ power.
By this in" ^a^ein the steamships'capacity it
requires bv" .e calculation to detennine that the
running exy.- seswere increased to the proprietor
fifcy per centum.
By the original contract it was stipulated that
they should run twenty trips out and back at
$19,250 per trip. They were then required to
increase the trips to tv, enty-six at the same late,
and the whole allowance for the wholeservice was
a fraction over $500,000. With all the care, pru-
dence, economy, and the additional advantages of
increased speed, it was found the proprietory were
sinking money; and while the mail service was
performed faithfully and to the benefit of the
postal revenue, the finances of the owners were
rapidly collapsing, and the whole business was on
the point of discontinuance. The Congress of
1852 thoroughly sifted the whole subject. Tney
found the then existing contract was a losing con
mg the mail erases.
Mr. SMITH. One word more. I can only
say to the gentleman from Ohio, and to the com-
mittee, that whether we are under any obligation,
to take these ships, is a question not yet decided.
I maintain that we are under no obligation what-
ever to take them.
Mr. ORECIUNRIDGE. If the gentleman
from New Yoi k will allow me, 1 desire to say, in
' reply to the gentleman from Ohio, that the ques-
i lion of giving notice for terminating the addi-
, tional pay given to Mr. Collins, first in 1852, has
: no connection whatever with the original contract
I under which the gentleman says the Government
j are compelled to take these ships. The increased
, compensation given in 1852 was a mere bounty
j upon the part of the Government, which we are at
j liberty to terminate at any ume by giving six
I months' notice, leaving the original contract pre-
\ cisely where it was prior to that time.
| Mr. UOODE. The ships were never built in
j conformity with the contract.
| Mr. WALBRIDGE resumed, and said: Now,
| all the world knows that the rates of living, and
j the cost in every departmentof the mechanic, arts,
j have risen one hundred per centum since the ori-
' gmal contract was made, and that they have been
; augmented fully fifty per centum since the in-
, creased allowance by the law of 1852. This of
! itself would be an unanswerable argumentagainst
I any attempt at reduction, by failing to come up to
cern to the proprietors. As legislators they were \ \ the spirit and purpose of the law of 1852 But
unwilling, even if the ability oi the owners would
allow, that the service should be continued at a
loss. Thealternative was brought directly before
them as it is now: Shall the American ocean
steamship line to Great Britain stop, or shall it go
on ? The answer is found in the act of Congress
of the 21st July, 1852, in which it is declared as
follows:
" For additional compensation for increasing the trans-
portation of the United States mail between Ne v York and
Liverpool in lii« Collins {me of steamers to twenty-fix tnpg
per annum, at sucfi tunes as shad ix* directed by tii<; Post-
master General, and, in conformity to the last annual re-
port to Congress, and Iih letter oi the lf)ih of November last
what advantages have not resulted from the es-
i tablishment of this American line, in addition to
j the national reputation we have acquired upon the
| seas? Previous to its organization the maritime
j genius of our rival had ever triumphed. But in
| this fiercc competition, American skill and genius
; has brought the two great continents nearer to-
! geiher than they have been brought before. The
; reduction of the cost of freight on light articles has
! been nearly one hundred percent.; a reduction of
' twenty-six per cent, in the price of passage; a re-
, duction of one-sixth of the time in the passage of
i crossing the Atlantic. Thecheap support of war
to the Secretory of the Navy, commencing said increased ji ships, ready, ata moment's Warning, to pass from
service on tlie 1st January, 18 .2, at the rate of &3o,Qi!0 per ; t}ie hands of the present owners to those of the
trip, in lieu of the pi<iBent allowance, the sum of $236,500
Prowled, That tt sssall be in the power of Congress, at any
time arter the JUst of DecPiuher, 1854, to terminate the
additional allowance herein provided for upon giving t>ix
months5 notice."
What effect did this legislation produce? By
giving the increased compensation of $13,750 per
trip, and making the aggregate for each trip equal
to $33,000, r ~ 'otal tor the service was raised
from rising .~"),C00 to $838,000, and the increase
continues u. Ue lsc of January, 1855. After
thatpeuod. less you now interfere by further
legislation, original contract, which extends
to the 1st of ApalTlrt'oO, Will ieave the owners to
Ho thr. service at the sum of &5O0,5QG,_w:th the
enormous loss which they must necessarily sutler,
even if they have the ability to go on with the
service.
Government, and perfectly capable of taking on
equipments of battery and iron material, should
the exigencies of the service require it, withal of-
ficers and seamen, trained by discipline and ex-
perience in the science of navigation, constitute an
element of strength m time of war, and a com-
mercial facility in time of peace, which place them
far beyond all competition.
Are all these advantages, positive and direct,
not only to the city which I have in part the
honor to represent, but the whole Union, to be
sacrificed, by a discontinuance of that enlightened
policy which has always given to the United
States the palm of victory in a struggle for the
commercial supremacy of the seas?
Mr, MURRAY, I would like to put a ques-
tion to my colleague, How much did Collins <fc
Co. receive annually for carrying the mails under
the original contract? • 
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, I stated
in advance that i should present only what I re-
gard as the questions of public policy, leaving the
questions of facts and figures to be illustrated by
the distinguished chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MURRAY. Then my colleague declines
to answer my question.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. If I had the information
I would answer it with pleasure. My impression
is, that the original contractwas for $15,000 atrip«
Mr. MURRAY. The original contract was
for twenty trips per annum, at $19,250 per trip,
I amounting to less than $500,000 per annum. We
' increased the number of trips to twenty-six per
annum, and the pay per trip to $33,000, amounting
to $858,000.
Mr. CUTTING. I think there is a slight error
in the statement of my colleague, [Mr. Murray,]
and I desire to correct it, although perhaps I shall
be in error myself, for I do not profess to be very
accurately posted up in reference to any part of
this matter.
As i understand it, under the original contract,
which was to endure for ten years, Coliins & Co.
were to perform twenty trips out and back—-
twenty trips from New York and twenty trips
from Liverpool—and for that service they were
to receive $385,000 per annum, being equal to
$19,250 per trip.
Mr. MURRAY. That is exactly what I stated.
Mr. CUTTING. Very* well. Thus far we
agree. Now we come to our difference. On or
about the 1st of January, 1852, the Post Office
Department made an arrangement with Mr. Col-
lins, prior to the passage of the act of 1852, and
irrespective of it, by which the number of trips
was increased to twenty-six per annum, at the
same ratio of compensation, to wit: $19,250 per
trip. Then, by the act of 1852, the compensation*
—not the number of trips, as they then existed,
but the compensation—Vas increased to $33,000
the trip.
Now, if you will multiply the §19,250 by twen-
ty-six, the number of the trips, and deduct that
gross sum from the $858,000, it will be found that
the difference is not, as my friend supposes,
$500,000, but only some three hundred and odd
thousand dollars.
Mr. MURRAY. My colleague misunderstood
me entirely. I did not say that it was §500,000.
I stated that the original contract for nearly §20,000
a trip amounted to about $500,000 per annum, and
that the increased compensation of $33,000 atrip
amounted to $858,000 per annum, making a dif-
ference of three hundred and odd thousand dollars.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I believe thai my speech
was first-rate in all but the mathematics, and now
j that is supplied 1 have done. [Laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER obtained the floor.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I beg the Mouse to un-
derstand that, in the remark which I made just
now,! intended no reflection on my colleague, for
I am much obliged to him for his statement.
Mr. PECKHAM. Oh, no one suspected that
you did.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman, I- do not
propose to occupy much of the time of the com-
mittee with remarks upon this bill; but I propose
to bring the minds of members back to the points
which are in issue in this controversy, in the
hope of bringing them to the conclusion that it
is better to have the service rendered for §385,000
than to require the Government to pay ^850,000
for like service. Our object here ia not only to
have the business of this Government done, and
well done, but it is our duty to have that business
done upon the best terms that can be secured in
behalf of our constituents, whose agents we are.
Now, sir, I maintain that if, in the discharge of
any representative duty here, I can get the service
done for one half the amount that it now costs, I
am discharging my obligations faithfully to my
constituents, and discharging my obligations faith-
fully to_ all other parts of the country interested m
the various schemes that are the subject of con-
sideration.
A proposition has already been presented to the
House by my colleague, [Mr, Smith,] in which it
is stated that an entirely responsible man proposes
to do the very service which is now done by this
Collins line, for $390,000, (t think it is.) Now,
