1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
757
sir, if this be true; if a responsible man makes
this proposition to the Government; if he is a man
who has shown by his past history that he is
capable of fulfilling any obligation which he has
thought proper to take upon himself, is it notour
duty, if we can do so without violating the law or
the principles of justice, to make the contract with
that party, and thus protect our people from an
abstraction from their pockets of $500,000 that
they now pay ? So it seems to me.
Well, then, again, this must be a business of
profit to some extent. There is another individual
who is here before Congress, competing for this
service—Mr. Hansen. He proposes to take this
contract, to deliver the mails at the points where
they are now delivered by Collins, and to deliver
them at other points in addition, for the sum of
$385,000; thus proffering to do for that sum more
than is done by Collins& Co. for $858,000!
At the proper time, if it shall ever come, of
which I have some doubts—for I have arrived at
the conclusion that there is a clear majority against
us here in this House—but, if I do get a chance, 1
intend to propose, as a substitute for this portion
of the bill, the proposition which I now send to
the Clerk's table to be read, and 1 trust that,
whether the friends of this bill have a majority
and the power to pass this bill or not, they will,
at least, allow the bill and the substitute to be
Elaced in such a position before the House that,
y a call of the roll on the yeas and nays, the
matter may be so placed upon the recoid that the
country may see who it is that stands by Collins
& Co. at $858,000 when there is a proposition
to do the same work for $385,000.
Mr. Letcher's proposition was read by the
Clerk, as follows:
Be tl evaded hy the Ser.ate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled.
That tlie Postmaster General be, and he is hereby, directed
to enter info a contract, foi a term not exceeding ten years,
with Christian Hansen, of the city of Brooklyn, State of'
New York, for the transportation of the United States
mails, semi monthly, from the city of Brooklyn, State of
3New York, to the continent of Europe, via England, Bel-
gium, Holland, Bremen, to Gliickstadf, on the river Elbe,
near Hamburg, in Holhtein. The Brni&hmails to be deliv-
ered at such southern ports? in England as he, the Post-
master General shall direct, and the closed mails to be de-
livered at such port as the Postmaster General shall desig-
nate. Tlie steamers employed under ihis contract shall
leave the citv of Brooklyn and ihe ports selected hy the
Postmaster General for the delivery of the British and
closed mails, twice a month, at such time and date as the
Postmaster General may direct. Four steamers shall be
employed in the transportation of said mails, shall be of
the first elass, and of not less than two thousand ton* bur-
den each. Government measurement. This contract s>hall
be made in the usual forms, and with the usual condmons,
Mr. Chiistian Hansen giving satisfactory security for the
faithful performance of the contract. The four steamers
required shall he built under the supervision and plans of
the Secretary of the Navy, and shall be either nide-wheel
or steam-propellers, as he may direct; they shall also be
constructed so as to accommodate first, second, and third
clas^ passengers. The United States may reserve the right
of purchasing these steamers at a fair valuation, on giving
three month1-' notice ; and also to confer the command of
them upon officers of the United States Nivy.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted} Thai, as a consider-
ation for the transportation of the United States mails as
aforesaid, the said Christian Hansen shall reccive the sum
of §355,0(10 per annum, payable quarterly. That two of said
steamers shall be ready for service within twelve montns,
or sooner, of the date of the contract. The other two
steamers shall also be ready for service within eighteen
months of the date of the contract: Prowled, however,
That no appropriation shall be required to cany this con-
tract into effect at any earlier period than within twelve 1
months of the date thereof. i
Sec. 3. Jind be it jurtker enacted, That if, any time he- [
tween the date of said contract and the taking cffect thereof, j
provision should not be thade, or should n"t exist, for the :
transportation of said mail58, the Postmaster General be, and !
is hereby, authorized to contract with Christian Hansen for ;
the transportation of said mails, by temporary steamers, ■
until the taking effect of the contract first made with said |
Hansen, upon the same conditions, and with the same re- j
gtnetjons as may be contmned in the contract first made • j
Provided, however, That no appropriation shall be required |
to carry into effect tbe contract far the transportation of
said mails bv temporary steamers, until three months' ser-
vice shall have been rendered.
Mr. LETCHER. I know none of these par-
ties, Mr. Chairman. I know nothing of the
means of these parties, or of their ability to fulfill
their contract, should they receive it. 1 do not
know, so far as my personal knowledge goes,
whether Commodore Vanderbilt is capable of ful-
filling an obligation of this sort; 1 do not know
whether this man, Hansen, is capable of fulfilling
an obligation of this sort, except as I derive in-
formation as to both of these persons from others
who are acquainted with them, and with their
means and energies. But, sir, I take it that they
are competent to fulfill every obligation which they
may incur, and that if they come forward here to
make a proposition to this Government, and to pro-
claim at the same time that they are ready to give
a sufficient guarantee that this work shall be ful-
filled if the contract be made with them, they are
gentlemen of some position, of some means, and
that there is a reasonable calculation that they
will comply with the terms of their contract. I
know not, sir, whether theseare not the same par-
ties who proposed last year, or the year before, to
enter into a contract with the Government for the
carriage of this ocean mail. Perhaps the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Olds] will tell me.
Mr. OLDS. They are not.
Mr. LETCHER. Then they are not the same.
I refer to the proposition which, in the last session,
or in the Congress before, the gentleman from Ohio
told us was made in good faith, and by men who
were capable of executing their contract. Very
well; then, sir, if there was a proposition here two
years ago from a responsible source, from parties
who were able to execute their contract—if the
Government had made itwith them—if there were
at that time responsible parties before this House
proposing to undertake the work for half the
amount now charged for it, what excuse can this
House undertake to fender to the country—to the
people, who are to foot this bill—for an expenditure
of double the amount of money necessary to ac-
complish the same result?
But, besides all this, sir, besides the declaration
of the gentleman from Ohio, we have the Post-
master General reporting to this House, in 1853,
that there were applications nrnle to him for this
contract from responsible parties. Then, sir, as
far as we can go; we have evidence on the subject.
We have the evidence of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads; we have
the evidence of the Postmaster General on the
subject, and we have theactual propositions intro-
duced into the House, with pledges and guarantees
that the contracts shall be faithfully executed.
How much more could we have, in regard to a
contract of this sort, to induce the House to go
into its consideration, and, at least, induce it to
try the experiment, when they have it within their
power to do so, by terminating the Collins line
contract, and throwing the*friatter open to the
competition of the market? Will Mr. Collins
come into that competition under any disadvan-
tage? Will he come in with less opportunity and
lesa means of securing an advantageous contract
from the Post Office Department than Mr. Hansen,
or Mr. Vanderbilt, or any of these other gentle-
men who are applicants for this business with the
Government? No,sir. On the contrary, hecomep
into the competition with decided advantages, tie
comes in with all his vessels already constructed
for the purpose of fulfilling his obligations,and of
carrying out thecontract in the eventof his getting
it. He comes in with all the experience which he
has acquired from being engaged several years in
the service. Besides, he comes in with a full
knowledge of the expenses to be incurred in prose-
cuting this business, and of the profits to be de-
rived from it, not only from the amount paid by
the Government, but from the amount received
for freight and the transportation of passengers.
Mr. WALLEY. Does the gentleman from
Virginia mean to have us understand that all of
these parties propose to furnish vessels which will
be convertible into war steamers in case of war,
equal in character to those of Mr. Collins?
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts inquires as to the war steamers. Why,
Mr. Chairman, does not the gentleman know that
there is just as much contrariety of opinion now as
to these vessels of the Collins line being fit for war
purposes as there is about any other disputed and
debatable question before this Congress, or be-
fore the American people? Officers of the Navy
have said over and over again that they are not
convertible into efficient war steamers; and, if the
gentleman had noticed the proposition which has
been read, he would have seen that there was a
provision in it which authorizes these vessels to
be built under the superintendence of the Navy
Department.
Now, if the Collins steamers, built in this way,
will answer for purposes of war, why will not ves-
sels, of the same character, built by other parties,
answer the same end. If the gentleman will look
at the proposals made by these parties, he will find
that they propose to build vessels provided for
such a contingency. Now, in true Yankee style,
I would like to put a question to the'gentleman
from Massachusetts. Does the gentleman believe
that a broadside could be fired from any one of
these vessels of the Collins line without sinking it?
Mr. WALLEY. The best commodores* in
service say that it could be, and that is the best
kind of authority.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the gentleman if there
has not been every shade and difference of opinion
reported upon that subject by the Navy Depart*-
ment, and hy the officers of the Navy themselves.
Mr. ORR. X should like to ask the gentleman
from Virginia a question. Is it not true that in
the British navy they have abandoned the side
wheel steamers altogether for war purposes, and
resorted to propellers?
Mr. LETCHER. I have so understood, and
I will now read an extract from the report of the
Lords of Admiralty in regard to an examination
of these English steam vessels, published in the
London Gazette on the 2d February, that will
show what their character for war purposes is.
" Armament of Mail Steamers.—The Lords Com-
missioners of the Admiralty and the Master Geneial and
Board of Ordnance having decided that a mixed commit-
tee of officers, consisting of Colonel Colquhoun, R. A.,
inspector royal carriage department; Commander Jerning-
ham, E. N., ;ind Mr. Henry Chatfield, ^ ouid assemble to
consider how far it may be possible to evry into effect a
plan for arming the contract mail pacfce< fesenmers, and to
report whether tlie frma of their contn't have been ob-
served by tlie several companies •* gard* the preparation
of their vessels lor war puiposes, have reported as lollows;
" Sir: Tn pursuance of instructions received by us from
the honorable Board* of Admiralty and Ordnance to con-
sider the question of arming man contract steam packets,
on an emergency, for purposes of war, we have the honor
to repon to you that our attention has been directed, in the
first instance, (as proposed in onr letter ot the 8th of Juno
las.) to the Peninsular and Oriental and the Royal West
India Mail Packet Companies.
" We find that the total number of vessels- possessed by
these companies amounts to fifty three, whose aggregate
tonnage and horse power are as follows :
" Peninsular and Oriental Company.—'Vessel?—wood,
11; iron, 22; total, 33. Tonnage—wood, 12,800; iron,
2fi,449; total, .39,249. Horse powei—wood, 4.086; iron,
7,481; total. 11 bt>7.
u Royal West India Mail Packet Company.—Vessels—
wood, 19; iron, 1; total, 2v). Tonnnge—wood, 3),612}
iron, 2,7*20; total, 35,332. Horse power—wood, 8,750;
iron, 800; imal, 9,550.
" Total—Vessels, 53; tonnage, 74,581; horse power,
21,117.
" Not anv of these vessels would, in our opinion, become
efficient kubs-titute* for regular men of war. Some of them
might he made auxiliary to war purposes; consiuuting, as
it were, part of anaval militia, undera very pressing neces-
sity, for home service; but we should think them better
calculated for armed packets and armed troop phips.
" Out of fifty three vessels, including wood and iron, only
sixteen are employed between Southampton and foreign
poits; twenty-three are employed inier-cotoi ially ; six are
under repair; eight building; .and five on an average io port
at a time fit for sea. Two out of the five are vessels of
inferior character, employed in the Peninsular service. Out
of the sixteen vessels plying between Southampton and
foreign ports, five are of iron, (Madrid, Ripos, Sultan, Bom-
bay, and Madras,) and three (Jupiter, fberia, an t Tagus,)
are considered incapable of carrying an efficient armament,
being much mierior tn tonnage and horse power to the ves-
sels generally of the two companies, and having raised
poops and forecastles, with other obstructions to carrying
and fighting guns. There remain, therefore, only eight
(wooden) vessels out of the sixteen, which we consider
capable of being efficiently fitted to receive an armament
for war purposes on an emergency; and thai number would
become gradually available as thej retum*home,in succes-
sion, within periods varyina from three to nine weeks. But
iiere we would remark, that if any of these vessels were
taken up by the Government, the mail packet companies
might experience great difficulty in replacing them, more
particularly eince Government would be. first ir. the market,
and there would be a gieat demand for ships to afford the
earliest means of communicating the news of hostilities, or
of reinforcing the colonies with men and stores. The re-
maining thirty seven, with the exception of those building
and under repair, (which in the month of June amounted
to fourteen.) arc employed inter-colonially, or otherwise
permanently abroad.
"At this period of our report we thin"* it ~lght to invite at-
tention to the fact that there are no lesa tnan twenty- tw®
out of thirty-three vessels belonging to * in* Peninsular and
Oriental Company of iron. These twenly-two vessels have
all been built since 1843, to the exclusion of wooden ves-
sels, with the exception of only two, now building, of nine
hundred and ten tons each. Had wc considered the iron
vessels in other respects suitable for men of war, weshould
have hesitated to recommend thfjm ior that service, on ac-
count of the materials of which sbey are built.
**********
(( Our opinion is, that the ships of these companies can
never be regarded as efficient substitutes for regular men
of war; and that opinion is based on the following consid-
erations :
" First, Their sharp form of bow to promote speed, con-
tinued upwards as it is ro tbe height of the port RiUa, Ten-
ders it impossible to point and elevate guns in the hue of
keel. Secondly, their rake of stern would render it daa*
