700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
part of his remarks, I have to say that it is true
that to call this additional compensation clear
bounty is not, strictly speaking, correct, for this
reason: About $19,000 per trip was originally
given for twenty trips a year; but when the num-
ber of trips was increased to twenty-six, the com-
pensation was increased to $33,000 per trip. The
increase of the compensation was, therefore, out
of all proportion to the increase of service. When,
therefore. I say that this extra compensation was
a clear bounty, 1 desire to limit the remark to the
explanation I have made.
Now, sir, one single remark more upon another
^ point. I said that if we terminated this arrange-
ment for additional compensation by giving the
six months' notice, the original contract would still
stand, and that we should not be obliged to take
the ships. My friend from Virginia seems to
be laboring under some misapprehension upon
this subject. I will read the proviso. After the
clause increasing the number of trips from twenty
to twenty-six, and increasing the rate of compen-
sation from J19,000 to $33,000 per trip, is the
following:
"Provided, That it shall be in the power of Congress, at
any time after the 31st of December, 1834, to terminate the
arrangement for the additional allowance herein provided
for upon giving six months' nonce."
So that the effect of the notice provided for in
this bill is simply to terminate the arrangement for
the additional compensation, while the original '
contract will remain untouched.
Mr. CUTTING, (Mr. Kerr still yielding the
floor.) 1 desire to ask the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to make a still further allowance in refer-
ence to what he is pleased to term " bounty." It i
is this: Under the original contract there were to
fce sixteen trips per annum* made during eight
months in the year, including the spring, summer,
and early in the autumn, when the travel is great
and when the seas are comparatively smooth and i
calm, when the damage to the ships, and the wear ,
and tear of the engines aie compaiaiively li^ht; ;
but when the six additional trips were added, ;
four of them were interpolated into the four win- ;
ter months—December, January, February, and :
March—two of them falling1 just outside these 1
months. Now, every person at ali acquainted j
with steam navigation, will at once admit that the j
cost of running these extra trips during the stormy
seasons, with an exceedingly limited number of
passengers, when traveling for pleasure and trav-
eling for business are comparatively rare occur-
rences, imposing upon the owner a very consider-
able loss in the returns compared with the same
period during the summer months—I say, the fact!
that when this additional compensation was given, j
causing Mr. Collins to double his winter service, I
it should be considered in comparing the increase
of compensation with the increase of service. I
do not mean to say that the additional compensa-
tion was not allowed for all the other months also, i
but I think it will be perceived that the doubling
of the winter service necessarily required an in-
crease of pay, in order to enable the owner of
these ships to meet the additional expense incurred
in consequence.
Mr. IC&RR resumed the floor.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. 1 merely wish to say
that I will answer the gentleman from New York,
if I can get the floor.
Mr. OLDS. Before the gentleman from North
Carolina proceeds with his remarks, I wish to
say that his colleague, [Mr. Rogers,] whoisabout
to leave the city, desires to make a speech, not
upon this bill. With the understanding, therefore,
that the gentleman [Mr Kerr] shall be entitled
to the floor on this bill to-morrow, I move that
the committee take a recess until seven o'clock
this evening.
[Loud cries of " No!" " No!" and " Yes!"]
Mr. CULLOM. 1 hope the committee will
agree to the motion. The gentleman from North
Carolina desires to make a speech, and this will
be the only opportunity he will have, as he is to
leave for home to-morrow.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand tellers
on the motion for a recess.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I want a little in-
formation before the vote is taken. If we take
a recess until seven o'clock, shall we, when we
meet this evening, go on with the consideration of
this subject, or will gentlemen be at liberty to
speak on other matters?
Mr. OLDS. This subject will go over till to-
morrow.
The CHAIRMAN, As theChairunderstands
the question, if* the committee take a recess now,
this subject will be before them this evening.
Mr. COBB. And nothing else ?
The CHAIRMAN. And nothing else.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The resolution
which was adopted on Monday provides that, for
the remainder of this session, members, in the
Committee of the W hole on the state of the Union,
shall, in their remarks, confine themselves to the
subject immediately under consideration, except
in such evening sessions as the committee shall
order, when general debate upon anything and
everything may be had.
Mr. EASTMAN. I would ask the gentleman
from Tennessee if that part of the resolution relat-
ing to evening sessions does not contain the words,
" for the purpose of general debate?"
Mr. JONES. Certainly.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair states that, if
thecommntee take a recess, this bill will be before
it this evening; but the debate upon it may be gen-
eral in its chai acter.
Mr. OLDS. And no vote will be taken.
[Cries of " Question !" " (Question !"]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
make one inquiry of the Chair. Cannot the com-
mittee, when it meets to-night, go on and act upon
this bill, and report its action to the House, if it
sees fit?
Mr. LETCHER. I wish to makean inquiry.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Tellers have been demanded on the motion that
| the committee take a recess until seven o'clock this
evening.
Mr. LETCHER. I want to know, before the
vole )s taken on that question, who will have the
lloor when we come here to-night, if we take a
i press? Will it be the gentleman fiom North Car-
olina, [Mr. Kero.?1
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
decided that this bill will be the business in order
before the committee, and upon this bill the gen-
tleman from North Carolina will be entitled to the
floor.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, and if he should not
happen to be here, fie would, of course, lose his
right to the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. As a matter of course.
Mr. KERR. Then, Mr. Chairman, I move
that the committee do now rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The proposition before
the committee is to take a recess till seven o'clock
this evening.
Mr. GOODE. Is not the motion to rise in
order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to take a re-
cess having been first made, the question must be
first put upon it, and tellers have been demanded
by the gentleman from Tennessee.
Tellers werenotordered.
Thequestion was then taken;and it was decided
in the negative.
So the committee refused to take a recess.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now move
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
pro tempore [Mr. Bocock] having taken the chair,
the Chairman [Mr. Edgerton] reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the state of the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
No. 595, being the ocean mail steamer appropria-
tion bill, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
SWAMP LAND BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Senate
have asked for a committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on House
bill No. 9, which is the swamp land bill. I move
that a committee of conference be appointed on
the part of the House to meet the like committee
on the part of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COBB, (who stood in the area near the
center of the Flail.) I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill of which previous
notice has been given.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
I believe the rules of this House require gentlemen
to address the Chair from their seajs, and 1 see
that the gentleman from Alabama is a long way
from home. [Laughter.]
Mr. COBB. I will state to the gentleman that
I have to address the Chair from wherever I can
get an opportunity, and I believe he generally
does the same thing himself. I am only asking
leave to introduce a private bill and have it referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. COBB. Then I shall object to everything
from this time to the end of the session.
CLOSE OF DEBATE MAIL STEAMER BILL.
Mr. CUTTING. If it is agreeable to the
House, and not otherwise 
Mr. COBB. I object to everything.
[Cries of" Order!" and " Adjourn !M]
Mr. CUTTING. I say if it be agreeable to the
House, and not otherwise 
Mr. COBB. I repeat that I object to every-
thing that is out of order.
Mr. WARREN. I rise to what 1 believe to be
a privileged question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York has the floor, and has a right to
state his proposition without being interrupted.
Mr. CUTTING. If it be agreeable to the
House, and if there be no objection on the part Off
any gentleman, I will propose 
Mr. COBB. I say that I object to everything
out of order from this to the end of the session,
I and I insist upon my objection.
[ Mr. CUTTING. In view of the pressure of
I the public business, I propose that all debate in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the ocean mail steamer bill shall cease in two
hours after the committee shall again resume the
consideration of the same.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, and several
other members. Say in one hour.
Mr. CUTTING. I will say one hour if gentle-
men wish if.
Many Mtmbrrs. Oh, no; two hours.
Mr. CUTTING. Very well; then I wiH
adhere to my original proposition, that the debate
be closrd in two hours.
Mr. ROGERS, by permission of the House,
delivered a speech in regard to the action on the
Nebraska bill; which will be found in the Appen-
dix.
Mr. TWEED. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The bPEAICRR pro tempore. The confusion in
the Hall is so great that it will be impossible to
decide the question without tellers.
Mr. HENN. Then let us have tellers.
TeJfers were ordered; and Messrs. Pringljs
and Walker were appointed.
Mr, W AK.REN. 1 demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House is
dividing now by tellers.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 44, noe«? 38.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gen-
tleman insist on his demand tor the yeas and nays ?
Mr. WARREN. No, sir; I withdraw the
demand.
So Mr. Tweed's motion was agreed to;
And thereupon, at four o'cloclc, p. m., the
House adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 16, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburw.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SWAMP LANDS.
The PRESIDENT pro lem. appointed Messrs.
Stuart, Slidell, and Douglas, as the commit-
tee of conference on the part of the Senate on the
d isagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill of
the House for the relief of purchasers and locators
of swamp and overflowed lands.
A message was subsequently received from the
House of Representatives, announcing that they
insisted on their disagreement to the amendment
of the Senate to this bill, agreed to the conference
 ^e^y the Senate, and appointed Mr. Letcher,
Mr. Dawson, and Mr. Washburne of Illinois^
managers at the conference on their part.
WILLIAM G. PRESTON.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, this
being private bill day, reported from the Committee
