1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
761
on Military Affairs, without amendment, House
bill for the relief of William G. Preston, and rec-
ommended its passage.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR SYSTEMS.
Mr. MASON. I also ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to enable me to report a bill in
order that it may go on the Calendar. It is one
of geneial interest, and I trust there will be no
objection to it.
The PRESIDENT. The report cannot be
received if there be objection. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to report back House
bill to remodel the diplomatic and consular systems
of the United States; and I give notice to the Sen-
ate that I shall ask them to take it up at an early
day next week. As accompanying it, the com-
mittee have instructed me to ask that the Senate
will order to be printed certain statistical papers,
from the Department of State, which I now pre-
sent, and which are designed to give information
on the subject of the bill.
The motion to print was agreed to.
ORDER OP PROCEEDING.
Mr. WADE. I move that we go through the
Calendar to-day, commencing at the point where
we left off last Friday, and consider only such
bills as are not objected to.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the honorable Senator's
consent to vary his motion so as to allow us to
take up the Private Calendar and go through with
those bills to which there may be no objection.
There are one or two which were objected to last
Friday, but the objections to which will be with-
drawn. I think, therefore, that it wouHl be better
to begin and a;o through with the Calendar.
Mr. BADGER. I rise to ask whether this
alteration of the order does not require unanimous
consent ?
The PRESIDENT. It does.
Mr. BADGER. I am compelled to object to
it; and i wish to state that H is not with any dis-
position to interfere with the arrangements which
gentlemen have, but I'do not think it is right to
take up the Calendar in this way, and put every
bill, as it is reached, in the power of a single ob-
jection. If bills are improper, it is easy to move
to lay them on the table.
The PRESIDENT. Objection being made, the
motion cannot be entertained.
REBECCA WINN.
Mr. RUSK. I appeal to (he Senate to take up
the bill from the House of Representatives " for
the relief of Rebecca Winn, widow and executrix
of the last will and testament of Timothy Winn,
deceased, late a purser m the Navy of the United
States, it is a small bill, involving only the pitiful
pittance of $G00 to a widow lady. It has passed
the House ot Representatives,and been examined
and found to be correct by the Committee on
Naval Affairs of this body.
Mr. GW1N. I trust that bill will betakenup.
When 1 reported it from the Committee on Naval
Affairs 1 wished to have it considered, but I
cou'd not obtain consent for that purpose.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. Its object is to require the accounting officers
to adjust the accounts of the late Purser Timothy
Winn, so as to allow hid legal representative
$600 per annum for clerk hire during his term of
service as purser at the Washington navy yard,
deducting whatever payments, on account of
clcrk hire, have already been made, either by the
allowance of the Department, or the judgment of
the court of the District of Columbia.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
BRIG GENERAL ARMSTRONG.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. 1 ask the Senate now
to take up and act on the pending motion which I
made on last Friday, to reconsider the vote on
laying on the table the bill for the relief of the
claimants of the private-armed brig General Arm-
strong. I hope the Senate will agtee to take up
the bill, because there is an understanding between
its opponents and friends to agree to a proposition
to appropriate $50,000 to the captain, officers and
crew of the brig General Armstrong, as compen-
sation for their gallant services.
Mr. CHASE. I wish to inquire if thatmotion
is in order?
The PRESIDENT. The first business regu-
larly in order this morning is the motion which
was made by the Senator from Iowa, to reconsider
the vote by which the Senate ordered the bill for
the relief of the claimants of the private-armed
brig General Armstrong to lie on the table. That
question is not debatable.
Mr. STUART. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and taken.
Mr. BENJAMIN, when his name was called,
said: I promised the friends of this bill to vote for
an express appropriation in this case, as a gratuity
to the applicants, and, therefore, I vote " yea."
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; the
yeas being 23, and nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Brown, Cass,
Clayton, Cooper, Dodge 01' Iowa, Douglas, Foot, Geycr,
Houston, James;, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Mason, Morton,
Rusk, Seward, Shde!l, Thomson of New Jersey, Walker,
and Weller—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Badger, Brainerd, Brod-
head, Butler, Chase, Clay, Dawson, Evans, Fessenden,
Fitzpatriek, Hunter, Jones of Tennessee, Pearce, Pralt,
Stuart, Sumner, Toucey, Wade, Wells, and Wilson—22.
Mr. BAYARD. I presume the bill comes up
now for consideration. 1 offer the following amend-
ment as a substitute for it.
Mr. STUART. The question now is on the
motfbn that the bill lie on the table.
Mr. BAYARD. No, sir; the motion to recon-
sider the motion which laid the bill on the table
has been agrerd to.
Mr. STUART. And the question now recurs
on the motion that the bill lie on the table.
Mr. BADGER. The first question is on the
motion that the lull lie on the table. I suppose it
will now be withdrawn by whoever made it.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
The PRESIDENT. The first question is on
ordering the bill to he on the table.
Mr. CHASE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 24, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ad nns, Allen. Badser, Brainerd, Brod-
liead. Holler. Chase, Clay, Dawson, Evans, Fe-senden,
Fitzpairiek, Gillette, Hunter, Jones of Tenae-see, P;aiee,
Trait, Selmstian, Stuart, Sumner, Toucey, Wade, VV<11:,
and vVil.-on—SM.
NAYS—Mes-rs. Bayard, Bell. Benjamin. Brown. Cass,
Clayton, Cooper, Dod^e of fO'.va, Douglas, Foot, Gcyer,
Houston, James, Jones of fowa, Mallory, Mason, Morton,
Rmk, Rewaid, Slid. 11, Thompson of Kentucky, Thumson
of New Jersey, and Weller- *23.
So the.mouon was agreed to; and the bill was
ordered to lie upon the tabic.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Can I now make a
report? j
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous |
consent. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let us go on with
the Calendar.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I ask the unanimous
consent to report a private bill from the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. WADK. I object, and desire to renew
my motion to go through with the Calendar.
The PRESIRENT. The first bill is the one
for the relief of Hiram Moore and John Ilascall.
Mr. STUART. That may be passed over.
The bill was accordingly passed over.
The PRESIDENT. The next bill is one for
the relief of Benedict J. Heard.
Mr. FESSENDEN Ort a former Friday the
bill for the relief of Hiram Moore and John Has-
call was taken up, and postponed until the next
Monday. At the same time the lull fir the relief
of Cyrus H Mi Cormtck was taken up and also
postponed to the same day. The first bill has
been called up and passed over at the suggestion of
the Senator from Michigan; and I inquire whether
the same course must necessarily be taken with
the other, or whether it does not now come up.
Mr. STUART. The proceedings which were
had on that day did not change the order of these
bills upon the Calendar at all.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is calling the
bills in their order upon the Calendar.
Mr. WALKER. That is the very question
which is raised, whether these two bills, having
been postponed to the same time, that does not
bring them up in the relation m which they were
postponed ? Does the Chair decide that it does
not change their position upon the Calendar at
all ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next bill
upon the Calendar, the Chair announces as the
bill for the relief of Benedict J. Heard.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator from Maryland
prefers that that shall go over. I shall be under
the necessity of opposing it if it is taken up.
There is no probability of its passing both Houses
at this session. I have no objection to pursuing
that, course.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be passed
over if there be no objection.
CAPTAIN VOORHEES. '
The next bill was one for the relief of Captain
Philip F. Voorhees, United States Navy; which
was considered as m Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to pay $1 500 to Captain
Voorhees, for expenses incurred in carrying
Charles Eames, as Commissioner from the Gov-
ernment of the United States to the King of the
Sandwich Islands, to California; foi  carrying Jo-
seph Balestier, Envoy of the United States, from
Macao to the Governments of southeastern Asia;
and for extraordinary expenses incurred by him
while he commanded the United States frigate
Savannah, and while be commanded the East India
squadron, in entertaining the dignitaties of the
different Governments in connection with those
missions.
Mr. SLIDELL. I feel great reluc'ance to
oppose a bill of this sort, but I consider it so
decidedly objectionable that 1 am compelled to do
bo. It proposes to give to Captain Voorhees com-
pensation for the expenses incurred in carrying
on board a Government ship diplomatic agents
of the Uniied States. By the regulations of the
Navy Department, and by the usages of the ser-
vice, every person who is ordered to be received
on board a Government ship as a passenger, is
bound to contribute his proportion of the expenses
which attend sue.]) transportation.
The usage has grown up—I think it is a very
great aim*e—by which naval officers, refusing to
receive from the persons whom they are thus
ordered to transport, either m kind or in money,
commutation for the expenses they may have
mnirred, apply to the Nnvy Department, and
failing, under its regulations, to receive compen-
sa'ion there, throw themselves on the bounty of
Congress.
On this point I have a letter from the Secretary
of the Navy, to which I will call the attention of
the Senate:
Navy Department, May 3,1854.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your communication of the 23il) nlumo, and to inform you,
in reply to vour inquire, that, hy a regulation of rliis Depart-
ment, adopted Marelt 9, IMli, '• althouall it is tl-ual lor our
Mini-teri to he conveyed in ship* of war, no allowance (8
made bv the Government for the expenses of ihi.ir mainte-
nance whilst on Imard. In every such ease, provision is
to lie made, and the expense to he defrayed, by the Minister
himself, just as it would lie if he took passage in a private
vessel.1'
I am. \erv respectfully, your obedient servant,
J.C.DOBBIN.
Hon. John Smdf.i.t., Unttrd States Senate.
The facts that 1 have thus stated, show that
this is a mere gratuity. 1 should r.ot, however,
have objecetl to this, because there are precedents
for it, but that there are antecedents in the conduct
of Captain Voorhees, which, m my opinion, do
not entitle him to the favorable consideration of
the Senate; and I desire now to make a statement
which I think will have a beneficial (fleet m pro-
ducing unanimity on the part of the Senate, in the
passage of the bill in regard to the Navy,returned
from the House with amendments, which will
probably be soon reported to us from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. I beg leave to say here
that I make this exposition very reluctantly in-
deed, and 1 may be permitted to say to the hon-
orable Senator from Florida, [Mr. Mallory,]
that I wished to avoid the necessity of makn g
these remaiks in regard to a gentleman who now
appears here as a postulant for our favor, and
whose character, as a n tvai officer, would not bear
examination.
Captain Voorhees was tried by a court-martial,
in June, 1845, found guilty of "disobe.Vi ce
of orders," and sentenced to be reprimanded in
general orders oy the Secretary of the Navy, and
suspended for three years. 'The sentence was
