1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
763
tnatic agent, I see no reason, in law or equity,
•why this Government should pay a single cent of
his expenses on board the vessel which carries
him to his destination.
Mr. SLiDELL. I will state, in confirmation
of what the honorable Senator from Michigan has
just said, that 1 have twice had the honor of being
transported on board of the public ships of the
United States, and that I should conceive myself
grossly insulted and offended if any officer of the
Navy were to come here and ask compensation
for having carried me. That is all I have to say
on that point.
Mr. CASS. I have been in the same situation
as the honorable Senator from Louisiana for some
months, on board the frigate Constitution. No
officer will ever come here to ask you to pay my
expenses.
Mr. CLAY. I have nothing to add to what I
have already said in regard to the merits of the
bill. I simply move its indefinite postponement;
and if that does not prevail, I shall propose to
recommit it to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
with instructions to report a general bill providing
in future certain sums for the entertainment of
our own agents and of foreign dignitaries, accord-
ing to their rank.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask my friend from Ala-
bama to withdraw his motion for the present.
Mr. CLAY. I will do so.
Mr. MALLORY. Having made the report in
this case, I feel it incumbent on me to place it right
before the Senate. The objection which has now
been raised by the honorable Senator from Ala-
bama is, that the provisions which were furnished
in this case were the rations allowed by the Gov-
ernment. Now, as to that, the Senator is in error.
No captain of a public ship draws the rations from
the Government. The ration is fixed by law, and
the articles are determined specifically. The ration
consists of certain articles, but they are n.ot taken
by the captain. He compromises for them by
furnishing his own stores, and paying for them,
and receiving from the Government the money
value of the ration. .Everything used by Mr.
Balestier and his suite, and by Mr. Eames, on
board this vessel, was the property of Captain
Voorhees.
The objection of the honorable Senator from
Louisiana is, that Mr. Eames states in his letter
his willingness to pay his portion of his expenses.
He did so. That was his offer on going; on board
the ship, and it was a very natural offer to pay
his portion of the mess bill; but it was not re-
ceived by Captain Voorhees, for the reason, I
presume, that it had never been the custom of the
Government to do so. The custom was exactly
the reverse. It had not been usual to charge an
officer thus placed on board of a public ship, any
part of the mess bill; but Congress had thought
proper in every instance to pay it. Captain Voor-
hees was therefore perfectly justified in his course
on that point. I feel it incumbent on me to state
some instances precisely analogous. On the 20th
of February, 1833, in the naval appropriation act
of that year, Congress directed "that there be
paid to Master Commandant John D. Sloat,of ihe
United States Navy, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of \
$1,360, being the amount of his account exhibited i
to the Navy Department for expenses incurred |
in entertaining, on board the St. Louis, under his ^
command, General Bolivar and several of his offi- j
cers, at Guayaquil, in theyear 1829; and General ,
La Fuente, President of Peru, and Major General j
Miller, of the Peruvian army, in the year 1831." '
On the 2J of March, 1833, the civil and diplo-
matic bill contained an appropriation " to indem-
nify Captain Daniel Turner, of the United Slates
Navy, for the expense of conveying the Nether-
lands minister and his*sui£e from New York to
Curacos, by order of the Secretary of the Navy,
in the year 1828, $1,182 78."
That is a case precisely in point; because it was
conveying the Netherlands minister to and from
New York to Cura^a. The amount allowed was
$1,182 78, a much larger sum pro rata than the com-
mittee report in this case. In the same act there
was also an appropriation " to indemnifyCaptam
George W Storer, of the United States Navy, for
the expenses of accommodating Commodore David
Porter, charge d'affaires of the United States at
Constantinople, on board of the United States
ship Boston; and for the expenses of conveying
George Porter, consul of the United States at. Tim-
giers, from Port Mahon to Tangiere; and of con-
veying Lieutenant Ebenezer Ridgway, consul of
the United States at Tripoli, and his family, from
Port Mahon to Tripoli—in all $500.
A similar provision was made m an act passed
July 7, 1838, which provided for the payment of
$3-391 to Captain Daniel T Patterson, "for extra-
ordinary expenses incurred when he commanded
the United States squadron in the Mediterranean,
in the years 1832,1833, 1834, and 1835, in receiving
and entertaining on board of his ship the head offi-
cers of the Governments of the countries where the
presence of said squadron was required for the gen-
eral protection of the commercial interests of his
Government, and for his extraordinary expenses
in visiting the courts of those Governments."
In a private act, passed on the 17th of June,
1844, Congress provided:
" That the Secretary of the Treasury be authorized and
directed to pay to Captain CharlesXV Morgan, of the United
States. Navy, th«* sum of $4,3< 0, for extraordinary expenses
incurred by him while he commanded the United States
squadron in the Mediterranean, in the jeais 1841,1842, and
lb43, m conducting the negohat-on with the minister plem-
poteniiary of the Emperor of Morocco, in relation to the
indignity offered to the United States consul, Thomas IV.
Carr ; in entertaining the Queen of Prussia and her suite ;
and in relation to the reception and entertainment of the
Prince of Syracuse and the Prince of Lucca; including,
also, looses on sioies laid in at Toulon tor a cruise, vvlurh
were abandoned and sold upon being suddenly recalled by
the Navy Department; ihe said allowance being in full
compensation lor all exnaordinaty expenses incurred by the
said Captain Charles* XV. Morgan, during his command of
the Mediterranean tquadron, as aforesaid, and to be paid
out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated."
At the last session of Congress we passed a bill
appropriating six or seven thousand dollars to
Commodore Paulding for similar expenses in-
curred at Bremerhaven and Southampton.
Now, Mr. President, with this legislation staring
us in the face, would it not be manifestly unjust to
a person, placed in that precise position, to refuse
to give due weight to these precedents, and deny
him a similar allowance under the same circum-
stances? The committee were not to presume
that Congress would advance thus far, and then,
without assigning any motive, stop suddenly
when they reached Captain Voorhees. These
gentlemen went on board this ves&el under circum-
stances precisely analogous to those stated in the
report. They conducted themselves precisely m
the same way. The provisions consumed were
the property of Captain Voorhees. And now,
unless you shall come to the conclusion that he
is required to entertain in this manner public func-
tionaries without pay, then you will pass this bill.
How can the Senate reject in view of the prece-
dents which I have cited?
There is much, sir, in the suggestion of the
Senator from Alabama, as to the propriety of gen-
eral legislation on this subject, and I should con-
cur immediately in the passage of such a bill; but
that ought not to deter us from doing justice in the
case before us. I am also inclined to agree with
the suggestion of the Senator from Michigan, in
relation" to the outfit. On that point there was a
doubt, and it was the only doubt which the com-
mittee had in making this leport. The outfit has
been furnished for the purpose of embracing all
these expenses;but such has notbeen the legisla-
tion of the Government. For over twenty years
we have pursued a contrary course; and when a
public vessel has been assigned to a functionary,
and the captain has been directed to carry him to
a particular place, the compliment has been paid
him of reimbursing to the captain all his expenses.
It is true, as the Senator from Louisiana states,
that Captain Voorhees put in a claim for $2,800;
but that underwent a severe scrutiny, and upon
investigation I collected together all the items for
the use of the committee, and found he was justly
entitled to $1,500; and for that sum, for the enter-
tainment of tnese gentlemen, the committee re-
ported the bill. I have no desire on this subject
except to place the report of the committee prop-
erly before the Senate, and they may act upon the
subject as they think proper.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, into the char-
acter of Captain Voorhees in any of the transac-
tions which have been referred to by the honor-
able Senator from Louisiana, unconnected with
the pending bill before the Senate, \ do not pro-
pose to enter. I should consider it extremely
unfair and unjust towards any officer of the Navy
who came here for the purpose of asking relief at
the hands of Congress for pecuniary losses which
he had incurred, or pecuniary expenditures which
had been put upon him under the orders of the
Government, to entangle that question with in-
quiries about his conduct as an officer—with
inquiries about whether he had been court-mar-
tialed, and if so, for what charges—with inquiries
about whether he had disobeyed orders, and had
received a r<n>uke from the Navy Department.
Sir, in the first place, it must be remarked that
we are a tribunal exceedingly incompetent to pass
upon such questions. Captain Voorhees is sub-
ject to the jurisdiction of the Navy Department.
If he has done anything which deserved a re-
buke, the head of that Department has given it to
him. But, in the name of Heaven, the effettee
having been committed, and the punishment un-
dergone, let it be forgotten; at least, let it be for-
given. If he has heen subjected to the proceed-
ings of a court-martial, and a punishment awarded
to him, that punishment has eitherbeen executed,
or it has been remitted by the President of the
United States. If, in the first case, it falls pre-
cisely in the category of the rebuke—-the punish-
ment has been suffered, and let it be forgotten or
forgiven. If the President of the United States, in
the exercise of his plenary authority on the sub-
ject, has seen good reason to restore the officer to
what was taken from him hy the sentence of the
court, it is decided by the proper and competent
authority, and there let it rest.
We cannot, sir, as >t seems to me, with proper
consideration for what is due to ourselves for a
character for justice, undertake to determine this
question by mixing up these collateral inquiries.
It would be exceedingly unjust, that the Senate
should found a vote in regferd to this claim, upon
considerations of that kind ;for it would be placing
a stigma upon this officer, over whom we have no
jurisdiction, and for which the present claim pre-
sents neither excuse nor apology.
Then, sir, laying these extraneous matters out
of the question, about which 1 know nothing, but
which I believe cannot be connected with thia
case, let us inquire what is his conduct in regard
to this claim ? W hy, sir, from what has been read
by the Senator from Louisiana, f think he has
behaved as a gentleman should have done. When
Mr Eames came on board his vessel, he, as a
gentleman should have done, proffered to pay his
portion of the mess bill. This was declined by
Captain Voorhees, and why? Because he said he
understood the order which he had received from
the Department made Mr. Eames his guest, as the
representative of the Government, onsboard that
ship; that he had, in several instances, received
foreign ministers under the same circumstances,
and the Government had recognized it, and Con-
gress had paid the necessary expenses. In this I
must say, that, so far from having subjected him-
self to the imputation of being disposed to act the
part of a landlord, he acted as a gentleman of
honor, it appears to me, would naturally have
acted. The Government had directed him, accord-
ing to his interpretation of the order, and accord-
ing to the interpretation put upon it previously, in
instances in which he was concerned, to receive
this gentleman as a public guest. He did so; he
entertained him; he sat at his table; he ate at his
expense; and I do not think, sir, it could be any
crying offense (although my friend from Alabama
alluded to it as if he thought it would be) if he
also drank wine at his expense. 1 presume it is
not the intention of the Navy Department, or of
the Government, wh^n a foreign minister is put
on board a public vessel, that he is to have served
out to him the beans and pork allowed to the crew.
1 presume it is not intended that he shall be put
in the mess with the common sailors on board the
ship; that he is to be called up daily to receive his
gill of whisky or gill of brandy. But it is intended
that he shall be entertained; that he shall live
there as the compeer, at least, of the commanding
officer, and receive whatever his table furnishes,
either of necessaries or luxuries
This gentleman has done this. The Govern-
ment has heretofore recognized and paid such
claims. The honorable Senator from Florida tells
us that the committee went over the claim, which
was originally for $2,800, and they excluded
everything except proper articles which he had
furnished, and they have allowed to him what
will just remunerate his expenses.
