7M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Now, Mr. President, a word as to the state-
ment made by the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan,and a similar one madealso by the honorable
Senator from Louisiana. They have been trans-
ported in public capacities on board public ships,
and they have paid their share of the mess bill.
Well, be it so; it is all very right, and proper, and
corrtct; but does that furnish any reason in the
world why the expenses of Mr. Eames, which
were not paid by him, but which wETe paid by the
commanding officer of the vessel, should be left as
a charge upon the puvate or official resources of
that officer? Surely not.
It may be very proper, sir, for aught I know,
that a general bill should be reported, and I should
probably agree with my friend from Alabama in
that. But this is a particular case, occurring under
the circumstances mentioned, and p'roposed to be
paid for according to the course which Congress
has heretofore pursued in similar cases. It may
be proper that we should pursue it no further; it
may be proper that we should make none of these I
allowances hereafter; but, if so, let the officers 1
understand that distinctly; pass a resolution say-
ing that hereafter the Senate will vote no such
allowances to any officer, and then they will have
notice; then they will either call on the gentleman
who is entertained, by the direction of the Gov-
ernment, for his share ok the expenses, or they
will turn him over to the beans and pork and the
gill of whisky a day of the men, or they will en-
tertain him at their own expense, and know
beforehand that tluy are to bear the loss. But do
not let us adopt this rule now, without notice,
without any changeefthe law, in order to put upon
an officer in the Navy, who does not receive any
large amount of pay under any circumstances, the
loss of §1,500, expended in entertaining a guest
put on board his vessel by the Government, when
he had a reasonable expectation, according to the
previous practice, that that much at least would be
remunerated tQ him.
Mr BU TLER. I wish to ask the Senator
from Florida who reported this bill a question, on
the answer to which will very much depend my
vote. W hat was the true diplomatic charactcr of
Mr. Eames?
Mr. MALLORY. He was the Commissioner
to the Sandwich Islands.
Mr. BUTLER. WasheachargS.as that term
is generally understood?
Mr. MALLORY. He is termed a commis-
sioner. The other gentleman who was entertained,
Mr. Balestier, was a special envoy or agent to
Cochin China, and Siam, and carried with him
an mterafeter and secretary.
Mr. UUTLER. Had both outfits?
Mr. MALLORY. 1 do not, know as to that.
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. Balestier was liberally
paid his whole expenses.
Mr. BUTLEEt. If Mr. Eames was a chargS,
and the Government gave him $4,500 as an outfit
to pay his expenses forgoing,! think he ought to
have paid his bill out of his own pocket, and
Captain Voorhees can make out a bill against him
for furnishing him his wine and bread. Or it was
competent, I take it, for Mr. Eames to have put
his own wine on board, or supply himself with
what little luxuries he chose, and eat what the
others ate. Jn fact he offered to pay his mess
bill, as I understand.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, the gentleman
in favor of whom this bill has been reported, is
now a resident of the State which I have the
honor in part to represent. I know him person-
ally very well, and 1 feel it, therefore, my duty to
say a word or two in regard to the proposition
which is before the Senate. The report of the
Committee on Naval Affairs clearly demonstrates
that, from 1833 down to 1844, it was the practice
of Congress to pay the commanding officers of
our Navy for similar charges to that which is
made by Captain Voorhees. I submit, therefore,
that whatever may have been the antecedent prac-
tice of ministers sent from our country abroad, in
regard to the payment of their own expenses,
when Captain Voorhees was directed by the De-
partment to receive these two gentlemen on board
his ship, and carry them to the different points of
destination designated in theorder, knowing,as he
did, what was ihe practice from 1833 to 1844, it
was his duty to conform to that practice, and to
receive those gentlemen on board, to properly treat
them there, and to call upon the Government for
payment. He did right, as a man and as a gen-
tleman, in refusing to receive from Commissioner
Eames, and from Mr. Balestier, whom he carried
abroad, compensation individually, because he
knew that it was the practice, established in 1833,
down to the period when he was taking those
officers on board, that the Government, and not
the individual, should pay the expenses. The
Senator from Louisiana, as [ understand, concedes
that there are many precedents for the payment
of such a-claim.
Mr. SLIDELL. Allow me to inform my friend
from Maryland that I concede no such thing.
There is but one precedent, and if he will do me
the favor to refer to the list of precedents accom-
panying the report of the committee, he will find
that there is but one which is at all in point, and
that isthe appropriation which was made in the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill in 1833,
" to indemnify Captain George W. Storer, of the
United States Navy, for the expenses of conveying
George Porter, consul of the United States atTan-
giers, from Port Mahon to Tangiers; and of con-
veying Lieutenant Ebenezer Riagway, consul of
the United States at Tripoli, and his family, from
Port Mahon to Tripoli."
In no one of those cases does.it appear that
those officers were taken on board by order of the
Navy Department. Now, I will refer the Senator
from Maryland, who naturally feels an interest in
the success of this claim of his constituent, to a
letter of the Secretary of the Navy, in which he
" By a regulation of this Department, adopted March 9,
1846, although it is usual for our ministers lo be conveyed
on i,lnps of war, no allowance is made riv the Government
for the expense of their maintenance while on ship-board ;
and' in every such case provision is to be made, and the
expense to be defrayed, by the minister himself, just as it
would if he took passage in a private vessel."
That is a regulation of the Navy Department.
Now, there is no precedent since 1833 of Congress
having allowed one dollar to any officer of the
Navy for transporting a passenger taken on board
under the instructions of the Government.
Mr. PRATT. The distinction which the Sen-
ator from Louisiana draws is, that the naval offi-
cers are paid when they are not ordered by the
Navy Department to receive the commissioner or
minister on board their vessels. So far as that
distinction goes, I submit to the judgment of the
Senator himself whether, where the officer is
directed and ordered by the Navy Department to
receive a minister on board his ship arid carry liim
to a designated point, it does not afford a stronger
reason why the Government should pay than if he
were not so ordered ?
Mr. SLIDELL.. Does the Senator wish me to
reply to that argument?
Mr. PRATT. I have stated what I understood
to be the Senator's position.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 say this: That where, under
circumstances of emergency which could not have
been foreseen, a public functionary, or citizen of
any sort, finds himself on board a United States
vessel, hospitality will not be refused to him; and
under those circumstane.es 1 think it very fair to
make an allowance; but where sufficient notice is
given, and time elapses for taking in his stores,
and the officer is ordered to take on board a public
functionary, and to carry him from one point to
another, that necessity does not exist, and the per-
son so transported ought to pay his own expenses.
Mr. PRATT. Sir, I submit that, when the
Navy Depaitment orders an officer of the Navy
to take any one on board his vessel and transport
him lo some foreign port; and when, in accord-
ance wiih the practice of the Government, Navy
officers, for the discharge of the same duties, have
hitherto been naid, an officer who has received such
an order from the Department would be justified
in refusing pay from the individual, and would be
authorized to claim it from the Government? The
Senator is undoubtedly mistaken, for all the pre-
cedents which are meniioned in the report read by
the honorable Senator from Florida are directly in
point. From 1833 down to 1844, numerous cases
occurred, which are referred to in the report,
where the Navy Department directed an officer to
take on board his ship some particular functionary,
and the Government has paid that officer for the
support of that functionary whilst on board.
The argument of the Senator from Louisi-
ana, in his first speech, was, that this gentleman
ought not to be paid, because he hod been dis-
missed from the service for highly dishonorable
afrd discreditable conduct. X do not know, sir,
that this was the identical charge against the indi-
vidual.* I do.not know precisely what are the
facts; but my recollection is, that instead of having
been dismissed from the Navy, he was suspended
for a term of years without gay, I know that
the question as to the legality of the finding of
the court-martial was submitted, but recently, by
the present .Executive of the United States to the
Attorney General, and the Attorney General has
decided that the finding of the court-martial was
illegal. I know, further, that there has been paid
to the officer within the last few months, in con-
sequence of that decision of the law officer of the
Government, his full pay for the whole period
embraced within the sentence of the court-martial.
Here, then, was a court-tnartial which found this •
gentleman guilty of certain specified-charges, and
it has since been decided, not by the mercy of the
Executive, as seems to be supposed, but by its jus-
tice, by the legal decision of the Attorney General,
that the finding of the court was a nullity.
Now, I apprehend, in no aspect of the case,
whether the original finding, in the opinion of any
individual Senator, may have been right or rot,
can it have anything to do with the claim of this
gentleman for the amount which is specified in
this bill. He claims this sum for hav:ng discharged
his duty in accordance with the order of the Gov-
ernment. He claims it as a charge similar to that
which has been madebyother officers,*and alio wed,
in like cases, to them.
My friend from South Carolina, however, says
his vote is to be governed by this consideration:
"That, inasmuch as an outfit was paid to the per-
sons carried in the vessel it was their duty to pro-
vide for their own expenses. For that reason the
Senator says he will not, by his vote, allow the
Government to pay those expenses to this officer.
Now, if there were no other case of the kind; if
this were the first occasion on which such a charge
was proposed to be allowed, the argument might
be a good one; but when my honorable friend
from South Carolina considers that, from 1833
down to 1844, as the Committee on Naval Affairs
have reported, in every single case where diplo-
matic agents were carried in public vessels, the
commanders of those vessels were paid for the
service, he cannot but see that there is nothing in
that object.
I shall not make the slightest complaint of a gen-
eral bill, or of a resolution denying the obligation
of the Government hereafter to make payment in
similar cases; but it is manifestly unjust towards
this officer, to interfere and single him out as the
only party who is not to be paid for such services.
There are many cases, as the report shows, in
which applications have been made, and there is
no instance where such an application has been
refused.
Mr. WELLER. Will my friend from Mary-
land allow me tu send to the Chair an amendment
whic,h I propose to move?
Mr. PRATT. I have concluded. I have noth-
ing more to say.
Mr. CLAY. I made a motion a short time
since for the indefinite postponement of the bill,
but I withdrew it at the instance of my friend from
Florida, and since then other Senators have taken
advantage to protract the debate further than I
desired or intended to permit. But, sir, the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, arid the Senator from
Maryland have made some remarks to which I
consider it my duty to say something in reply.
They have entered into an elaborate vindication
of this naval officer from certain charges impugn-
ing his official conduct. I repeat what I said be-
fore, and what was said by the Senator from Lou-
isiana, that that does not influence my judgment
in the slightest degree. „It is the principle of the
bill itself which I condemn.
The Senntor from North Carolina says that I
object to the use of wine. By no means, sir. I
simply object to a call upon this Government to
pay for such indulgences. The Senator says I
propose that the committee should report a gen-
eral bill. I did no such thing; I did not intend to
avow that I was the advocate of any such bill;
but 1 intended to say that,-if the Senate indicated
a purpose to pass this bill, I would prefer to have
a general bill presented. Both the Senator from
Maryland and the Senator from North Carolina
allege that it has been the custom of Congress
