768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16.
Julia, his property, improperly seized by Com-
mander S. F. Dupont, of the Navy, while lying
at La Paz on the 18th of September, 1846.
The petitioner seeks to obtain from this Gov-
ernment remuneration and indemnity for losses
alleged to have been sustained by him in Lower
California in 1846 and 1848, while that Territory
was in the military possession and under the pro-
tection of the United States.
The first item is for $10,250, the value of the
schooner Julip; the second for $1,600, the value
of a lot of cotton yarn deposited in the house of
Don Francisco Psiacio de Micanda, in La Paz,
and destroyed by the Mexican forces in an attack
upon the town on the 16th of November, 3848; the
third for $3,287, the amount of arrearages alleged
to be due him for pay as a retired lieutenant colonel
of the Mexican army, lost by his espousing the
American cause; ana the fourth for $5,000, the
alleged value of the island of San Jose, which he
was compelled to abandon after the restoration of
Lower California to Mexico, under the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo.
In regard to the first item, there is no evidence
to show that the schooner Julia had ever been
engaged in the service of the enemy. On the con-
trary, it is proved that she had been employed in
peaceful commerce between La Paz and Mazatlan.
While lying at La Paz, in ji dismantled condition,
without either flag or sails, on the 18th of Septem-
ber, 1846, she was seized by Commander Dupont,
used as a tender for some months, and on the24!h
of June, 1847, condemned and ordered to be sold
as a lawful prize by Alcalde Colton.
Commodore Sloat, then commanding the naval
forces of the United States on the Pacific coast,
had, prior to the seizure of the Julia, (on the 7th
July, 1846,) issued a proclamation to the citizens
f California, in which he pledged full and ample
protection, both of persons and property, to such
of them as should lay down their arms, and either
espouse the cause of the United States or remain
neutral in the contest. Upon the issuing of that
proclamation, the petitioner at once became an
active partisan in our ranks, and identified him-
self with our cause; and further, the Julia was, at
the time of seizure, his property, and of the value
of #10,250.
Under these circumstances, it is clear that the
8chooirer was not properly subject to seizure.
And besides, the United States not having estab-
lished a court of admiralty at Monterey, the de-
cision of Alcalde Colton, condemning and ordering
the vessel to be sold, was-wholly unauthorized
and illegal. The committee, therefore, recom-
mended the allowance of this item.
The cotton yam for which compensation is
claimed, was, when destroyed, deposited in a pri-
vate house not occupied by our troops for military
purposes at the time it was burnt; nor does it ap-
pear that it had been previously so occupied. In
no case has a claim of this character ever been
allowed to our own citizens, and it should not be
allowed in this.
As to the arrearages of pay due to him as a
retired lieutenant colonel in the AJexican army,
and forfeited by his taking side against his own
eountry, upon no principle of justice or national
morality recognized by this Government can this
item be allowed.
In regard to the fourth item, it is believed that
the protection promised by Commodore Sloat to
the citizens of California, in his proclamation of
the7th of July, 1846, referred alone toUpper Cali-
fornia, and, therefore, cannot apply to any rights
of property in the island in question, it being an
appendage of Lower California, which, under the
treaty above mentioned, still remained as a part
of Mexico. This item, therefore, is not allowed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
AMOS AND JOHN E. KENDALL.
The PRESIDENT. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is one for the relief of Amos Kendall and
John E. Kendall.
Mr. EVANS. I move that it lie on the table.
It involves an important principle which I do not
think the Senate are now prepared to act upon.
On a division, there were—ayes 9, noes 7; no
quorum voting,
Mr. BADGER. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. CHASE called for theyeas and nays; which
were ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas 11,
nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Badger. Benjamin, Clay,
Fessenden, Fitzpatriek, Foot, Pearce, Pratt, and Smart—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Brainerd,8rodhead, Brown, Chase,
Clayton,„Cooper, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Evans, Geyer,
Gillette, Gwin, Houston, Hunter, Jones of Tennessee,
Mallory, Morton, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Sli-
dWI, Sumner, Thomson of New Jersey, Toucey, Walker,
Weiler, ar,d Wells—30.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion that the bill lie on the table.
Mr. STUART called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr.-BROWN. I have just heard that this is a
proposition to order the bill for the relief of Amos
Kendall and John E. Kendall to lie on the table.
Has the bill been read >
The PRESIDENT. It has been fead by its
title.
Mr. BROWN. That is a very extraordinary
manner of proceeding. Who submitted the mo-
tion to lay it on the table ?
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from South
Carolina.
Mr. BROWN. I hope he will withdraw it, to
allow the bill and report to be read. It is certainly
treating the committee in a very extraordinary
manner.
Mr. EVANS. I Supposed, as it involved a
very important principle, and as there were so few
Senators here, it would hardly be desired to con-
sider it now. It was with that view that I sub-
mitted the motion—not that I was not prepared to
vote upon it. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. BADGER. Let it be passed over.
Mr. BROWN. I consent to that. The bill
does involve an important principle, but it is one
which 1 do not want to see repudiated and put
down in this short-hand way. I am willing to
let the bill be passed over. I do not ask the Sen-
ate to go into a long discussion on it at this late
day of the session, when it cannot pass both
Houses; but I do not want to vote on laying it
on the table.
Mr. EVANS. I did not intend to get rid of it
by indirection.
The PRESIDENT. Is a motion submitted to
postpone it until next Friday?
Mr. BROWN. I ask the Senate, by common
consent, to pass it over informally and take up
the next bill.
The PRESIDENT. That course will be pur-
sued.
SIMON SMITH.
On motion by Mr. WELLS, the bill directing
the payment of arrearages of pension due Simon
Smith, deceased, late a pensioner of the United
States, to his heirs-at-law, was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary of the Interior will be directed
by this bill to pay to the heirs-at-law of Simon
Smith, deceased, $1,3-14 arrearages of pension
due him from January 1, 1837, to January 1,
1851, during which period his pension was with-
held on account of an omission in the terms of his
discharge.
Smith applied to the bureau for an invalid pen-
sion in 1837, upon a certificate of discharge, stating
that he was disabled. But as the discharge and
the return on the rolls omitted to state that the
disability was incurred in the service, his applica-
tion was rejected. In 1851, fourteen years after
his first application, he succeeded m proving that
i his disability was incurred in the service while in
i the line of his duty, and thereupon whb placed on
j the rolls at the rate of eight dollars per month,
[ which he continued to receive up to the date of his
; death. His heirs now pray for an act directing
| the payment to them of arrears for the fourteen
i .years during which his case was suspended, on the
| ground that the officer who granted his discharge
! should have stated therein the fact that the disa-
! bility was incurred in the service in the line of
1 duty; and that this omission on the part of the offi-
J cer to do him justice should not have deprived-him
| of his rights under the law.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that they had passed the Ml of the
Senate to provide for holding,additional terms of
the circuit courts of the United States for the dis-
tricts of Missouri and Ohio, and for holding a
special term of the district court for.' thenortherii
district of Ohio.
MRS. 1EURIGHT BROWNING.
On motion by Mr. CHASE, the bill to continue
half-pay to Mrs. Leuright Browning, for a further
term of five years, was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It will direct the Secretary of the Interior to
continue to Mrs. Browning, widow of Robert L.
Browning, late of the Navy, half the monthly pay
of her husband, for the further term of five years
from the time that that half-pay, granted by the
act of September 20, 1850, shall cease.
Mr. CLAY. I ask for the reading of the report
of the committee.
The PRESIDENT. There is no report ac-
companying the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. A report was made.
The PRESIDENT. Was it ordered to be
printed ?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir. " ' -
Mr. CHASE. It merely Continues a pension
which was granted before by an act of Congress,
for the term of five years;
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is informed fey
the Secretary, that the report has been taken off
the files.
Mr. CLAY. My reason for calling for the
report is known to every member of the Commit-
tee on Pensions. I will state, very briefly, the
reason. When the case was submitted to our
consideration, I thought the committee were de-
termined to report against it, unless certain facts
appeared, which could not be gathered from the
papers then before us. It appeared from the evi-
dence which we then had, that the husband of this
lady did not die in the service of the United States,
nor in consequence, as then appeared, of his being
on furlough; but he was really engaged in an ex-
ploring expedition, with the view of ascertaining
the mouth of some river on the Pacific coast.
But it appears, that if he had been at that time on
furlough, he still would not have been in the tine
of his duty. That was a voluntary service, not
ordered by the Department, and consequently one
in which he was not engaged in the service of
the country. It was with the view of ascer-
taining the fact whether the Department had
ordered this exploration, and whether, if lie had
received his orders to join this vessel, he would
have been in the line of his duty, that it was laid
over. I objected to it, simply on the ground that
it was without any precedent, if the facts were as
originally presented to the committee. The Sen-
ator who reported the bill can state what facts
the further investigation of the subject has pre-
sented to remove the objection.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the petition
was for a continuance of this pension for life, the
pension having been originally granted for five
years. The committee, taking'all the facts into
consideration, were unable to come to the con-
clusion that the pension should be continued for
life. They were not satisfied, on the evidence
which was introduced, that the husband had
actually died while on duty in the service of the
United States. The evidence was not explicit to
that point. Still, there was reason to believe he
had died on such service. At any rate, there was
doubt on the question, arid the committee felt it to
be their duty to give the applicant the benefit of
that doubt, but not to the full extent to which she
claimed it, that is, to the extent of a pension for
life. They sanctioned a continuance of the pen-
sion, therefore, for five years, which was in some
respects a splitting of the difference between her
petition and the first impression of the committee,
which was adverse to it. It was at the last session
of the committee that the subject was very fully
considered, and they felt it to be their duty to
authorize the bill which is now before ihe Senate
to be presented.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, ami passed.
CHARLES STEARNS.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr."President, on Friday last
a bill for the relief of Charles Stearns was passed
