THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1855.
New Series No. 49.
over, upon the objection of the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] on the ground that he
considered the amount of it too large. The case
is a v&ry hard one, but I will not go into the
particulars. It is a bill which was reported from
the Judiciary Committee at the last session, by
Mr. Williams, of New Hampshire. The objec-
tion is waived upon an amendment by which the
allowance is to be reduced from $5,000 to ยง2,500.
The condition of the petitioner is such that he feels
under the necessity of acquiescing in that reduction
of the amount. With the consent of the Senate,
therefore, I ask that the bill may be taken up in
order that I may move that amendment, and have
it now acted upon.
Mr. WALKER. Does it require unanimous
consent to consider the bill out ot its order?
The PRESIDENT. It does.
Mr. TOUCEY. It was laid over last Friday,
under objection.
The PR.ESIDENT. That does not alter the
case. The order is peremptory that we shall take
up the bills as they stand on the Calendar.
Mr. WALKER. Let the Calendar, be proceeded
with regularly.
Mr. TOCJCEY. I appeal to the Senator from
Wisconsin to withdraw his objection. I am sure
he would consent to the passage of the bill if he
knew the circumstances.
Mr. WALKER. I haveanappeal ofthesame
kind to make, which I would press, but I prefer
that we should go on in regular order.
The PRESIDENT. Objection being made the
bill cannot be taken up out of its order.
SOPHIA KIRBY.
The next bill on the Calendar was one for the
relief of Sophia Kirby, which had been reported
on by the Committee on Pensions adversely.
Mr. WELLER. I move that the adverse re-
port of the committee be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was,
therefore, rejected.
CONTINUANCE OF HALF-PAY.
The PRESIDENT. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is " a bill in addition to an act entitled ' an
act to continue half pay to certain widows and
orphans."'
Mr. WELLER. Is that a private bill ?
Mr. EVANS. It seems to me that it is not a
private bill.
The PRESIDENT. It appears to be a bill
general m its provisions.
Mr. CLAY. The Senate, the other day, over-
ruled, I think, several such decisions made by the
then incumbent of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT. The Senate on last Friday
decided that this was not a private bill, and it has
been accidentally, put in the file of private bills.
Mr. CLAY. Some subsequent decisions were
made overruling that, and 1 think it was con-
cluded that this was a private hill.
The PRESIDENT. I will submit the question
to the Senate, if it is desired, to say whether this
be a private bill or not.
Mr. CLAY. I will state that the bill provides
for a certain class of widows and orphans of the
Army, and 1 think it is much more importantthan
many which are passed here. It will save the
necessity of considering many separate bills.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair decides that is
not a private bill. Does the Senator appeal from
that decision ?
Mr. CLAY. I will not take an appeal.
Mr. STUART. I understand that the bill only
coveis three or four cases on which the Com-
mittee on Pensions concludtd to act favorably,
but they thought it would be better to report a
bill applying to the whole of the class. It is very
important that it should be passed, and 1 will ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate to take it up
now. If it is not to be passed, the committee cer-
tainly ought to abandon it, and report separate
bills m each of the cases.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator appeal
from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. STUART. No, sir. I only ask the
49
unanimous consent of the Senate to consider the
bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I join in that appeal. If a
single bill for the relief of one of these widows or
orphans was presented here, the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate would be given to take it up.
The PRESIDENT. Is there any objection to
the consideration of the biil?
Mr. EVANS. I object.
Mr. STUART. Then I hope the Committee
on Pensions will report separate bills for each case
covered by the bill, so that we can act on them.
JOSEPH NOCK.
The PRESIDENT. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is one reported from the Committee on the
I'ostOffice and Post Roads, for the relief of Joseph
Nock.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That is withdrawn.
Mr. PRATT. By whom ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. The applicant himself
desires that the bill should be withdrawn at pres-
ent. I reported the bill.
The PRESIDENT. What disposition will the
Senate make of the bill? It must be disposed of.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I move that it lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN SHLY'S PATENT.
The Senate next considered, as in Committee
of the Whole, the bill to extend the patent here-
tofore granted to John Shly, of the State of Geor-
ge-
It proposes to direct the Commissioner of Pat-
ents to make to the executors or administrators of
Shly, who is now dead, a certificateof extension for
fourteen years, of the patent granted to Shly on
the 27th of October, 183G,for an improvement on
the saw cotton-gin, and its application to picking
and breaking wool, ginned or seedless cotton, and
for dislodging or cleaning them from burrs, briars,
or any other substance which may prevent their
being carded or dyed; and also for the mixing of
cotton and wool together ready for the carding
process.
Mr. GEYER. I should like to hear the report
in that case.
Mr. DAWSON. It is a bill which I reported
from the Committee on Patents; and 1 think I can
state the facts m a manner which will satisfy the
Senator from Missouri.
Mr. GEYER. 1 withdraw the call for the read-
ing of the report.
Mr. DAWSON. Judge Shly, the inventor of
this machine for his own manufacturingestablish-
ment, unfortunately died just before the time when,
under the existing laws, he should have applied
at the Patent Office for the purpose of having his
patent extended. The period limited by law ex-
pired before letters of administration could be
taken out upon his estate. This bill is merely to
remedy that defect. It is to do what would have
I been done at the Patent Office but for the death of
j Judge Shly.
I The bill was reported to the Senate without
| amendment, ordered Jo be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOHN ERVIN. .
The PRESIDENT. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is one to confirm the claim of John Ervin
to a certain tract of land in the Bastrop claim.
Mr. SLIDELL. I perceive that that is an
adverse report.
Mr. WELLER. I move that the adverse re-
port be concurred in.
Several Senators. Let the bill be passed over.
Mr. CLAY. If we pass over these adverse
reports we shall havo them all coming up again
at the next session.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to hear the report of
the committee read. I wish to know the grounds
on which the adverse leport is made.
The Secretary accordingly read the report.
The object of the bill is to confirm John Ervin
in his title to the land on which he resides in the
parish of Morehouse, Louisiana, to the extent of
six hundred and forty acres, to be taken by legal
subdivisions so as to include his improvements,
and to direct a patent to be issued to him, after a
legal survey, under the direction of the surveyor
general for the State; but it is to amount only to
a relinquishment of title on the part of the United
States.
The Committee on Private Land Claims say
that the only evidence before them is a report sub-
mitted on the 20th January, 1852, by Mr. Downs,
in which he states that the petitioner represents,
and the evidence sustains his averment, that,
twenty-three years since, he settled on and im-
proved a tract of land in the Bastrop claim, in
Louisiana, and has resided on and cultivated it
ever since, that long previously to his settlement,
the land had been sold by the grantee to Ballinger,
who, after having made some improvements on
it, abandoned it and left the country, and has not
been heard of since, nor has any agent 6r heirs
appeared, or been heard of, to act for him; that, in
consequence of this absence, he has not been able,
as he intended to do, to purchase the title of Bal-
linger, but that he has held peaceable and unin-
terrupted possession long enough to give him a
title by prescription against all claimants, except
the United States, under the laws of Louisiana;
that ail act of Congress, passed 3d March, 1851,
intended, among other things, to give a donation
claim to such settlers, for over twenty years, as
he is, but that it has been decided not to embrace
his case, because he has not a written title from
Ballinger, holding under the original grantee; that
he was a pioneer in the wilderness when he settled
this place, on which, by his own laborand that of
his family raised on it, he has made considerable
improvements; that he is now old and infirm, and
prays that he may be confirmed in his title to the
land to the extent of six hundred and forty acres,
the quantity granted by the act of the 3d March,
1851, to otherclaimants under the grant, who have
occupied and cultivated the land for more than
twenty years.
Whilst the committee are willing to admit the
facts, as stated in the report of Mr. Downs to be
true, they dissent from the conclusions. This case
does not come within the spirit, or the letter, of
the act of 3d March, 1851, granting six hundred
and forty acres " to all bona fide claimants by pur-
chase from De Bastrop, or those claiming under
him, where the land has been occupied and culti-
vated for twenty years." The very basis of such
grant must be the purchase from De Bastrop, or
those holding under him; in this case, the peti-
tioner' was a trespasser upon the land and the
rights of Ballinger, the grantee of De Bastrop, if
the title had been' in the original grantee; and,
therefore, the petitioner held adversely to Ballin-
ger, and could not be entitled to the benefits de-
rived under that part of theactof 3d March, 1851.
The committee are of opinion that expediency and
justice alike forbid this confirmation, since great
injustice would be done to other claimants sim-
ilaily situated; they are only entitled, by virtue of
their preemption, to enter one hundred and sixty
acres, when it is proposed, in this case, to confirm
six hundred and forty acres to the petitioner with-
out the payment of the purchase money; and they
do not feel authorized to make such a discrimina-
tion.
Mr. BADGER. The question, I presume, is
on the bill ?
The PRESIDENT. The question is, "Shall
the bill be engrossed for a third reading?"
It was decided in the negative; so the bill was
rejected.
MARGARET a. COPLEY.
The PRESIDENT. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is one for the relief of Margaret A. Copley,
of the State of Louisiana, which has also been re-
poited on adversely by the Committee on Private
Land Claim's. Its object is to allow Margaret A.
Copley to enter a tract of land m Louisiana, not
exceeding three hundred and twenty acres, at the
price of SI 25 per acre.
George W. Copley purchased at sheriff's sale a
