110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
parcel ofland, situated upon Bayou Bartholomew,
in the parish of Morehouse, Louisiana. He was
execution plaintiff, and the execution defendant
was Alexander D. Peck. In 1845 the collectors
of taxes seized and levied upon the land for the
taxes due for 1844, which was assessed in the
name of Lambeth & Thompson, non-residents of
the parish, and was described as being situated
on the Bayou Bartholomew, and containing eight
hundred acres; and on the 5th of May, 1845, the
collectors sold one hundred acres of the tract to
Peck for $7 84, being the amount Of taxes and
costs upon the whole of the tract for 1844, from the
said collector of taxes.
•The lands are situated within the De Bastrop
frant, and it does not appear from whom Lam-
eth & Thompson held their title, nor that Peck
held any title or made any claim to any other
lands than the one hundred acres so purchased at
tax sale. The gheriff, however, levied upon and
sold the whole of the eight hundred acres as the
property of Peck, who also joined in the deed of
the sheriff. These lands, lying within the De
Bastrop grant, were Government lands, and con-
sequently were not liable to taxation; hence the
sale of one hundred acres to Peck for taxes was
of no legal effect. Yet admitting that he wentinto
possession under color of title, the most that he
could claim was the one hundred acres.
Prom the fact that Peck joined in the deed to
the execution plaintiff, thereby representing him-
self as the owner of the whole tract, and still con-
tinuing in the possession thereof, it does appear as
if there was some collusion and fraud between
Copley and Peck. If Lamb.eth & Thompson are
the grantees of De Bastrop, or those who derived
title under him, and can bring themselves within
the requirements of the act of 1851, it is evident
that they would have the right to enter the lands
as against all other persons whatever. The bill
under consideration grants the right to Margaret
A. Copley to enter the said lands at the minimum
price of public lands.
The committee are of opinion that manifest
injustice would be done to others in the passage
of this bill. They therefore recommend that it
do not pass.
The question being taken, the bill was rejected.
L. E. L. A. LAWSON.
The PRESIDENT. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is one for the relief of L. E. L. A. Law-
son, sole surviving heiress of General Eleazer W.
Ripley, deceased, which has been reported on
adversely by the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill proposes to direct the Secretary of
War to cause the accounts of the late General E.
W. Ripley with the Government, to be audited
and settled, and to cause to be paid to L. E. L. A.
Lawson, his sole surviving heiress, such sum as
may be found due her late father, according to the
principles of equity and justice, not to exceed
f 14,726 12, being the balance due by the United
tates as found by a verdict in favor of the said
Ripley at the May term, 1835, of the district court
of the United States for the eastern district of
Louisiana.
While General Ripley was employed in the
military service as major general of the south-
western division, he haa devolved upon him im-
portant duties, independent of his proper com-
mand. Among other functions, he was required
to discharge the duties of quartermaster and dis-
bursing officer of his division. After his resig-
nation, in 1822, the Government instituted suits
against him to have his accounts settled. These
suits being consolidated, the General pleaded
against the Government a discount. The items
of the set-off thus pleaded, consiste'd of claims
against the Government for commissions on
money disbursed as quartermaster, and for other
services not falling within the proper sphere of
his command as major general.
The case was submitted to a jury, and, by
their verdict, they found that the Government
was indebted to General Ripley §3,000. A second
trial was had, in which General Ripley filed a
claim, as part of his discount, of §6,000, alleged
to be due him as a pension from the Govern-
ment. On the trial, the jury found a verdict for
him of §20,000. An appeal was taken to the
Supreme Court, mainly to decide the question
whether the $6,000 allowed as a pension was a
proper item of discount. Before the court had
decided the question, Congress allowed the pen-
sion to General Ripley; and thereupon the ac-
counts of General Ripley were ordered to be bal-
anced and settled at the Treasury, His daughter
now says that there are still $14,000 due her
father's estate, and_ coming to her as his only
heir.
In no legal point of view can the verdict be re-
garded as valid against the Government, so as to
impose upon it an obligation to pay it aa authori-
zing any judgment. It is admitted that no judg-
ment can be entered upon it; and then the ques-
tion occurs, can or ought it to be regarded as such
evidence of a claim against the Government as to
call upon it to allow it? Such a verdict is not like
the decision of auditors, setting forth the grounds
upon which it was founded. If so, the committee
would have felt bound to review the grounds of
the decision, and, in passing on them, to have
allowed or disallowed them.
A majority of the committee have come to the
conclusion that it would be an unsafe practice for
the Government to allow claims founded on ver-
dicts setting up discounts beyond the amount
claimed by the Government. The Judiciary Com-
mittee have repeatedly refused to recognize such
proceedings as sufficient evidence upon which
they would allow such claims. Such verdicts
may be necessary in fact, and sometimes may be
dictated from considerations which should not
bind the Government. Such considerations may
be honorable to the feelings of the jury, in refer-
ence to the merits of parties before them, but
may not always be in accordance with the sterner
dictates of justice, as to the matter of litigation.
At any rate, the Government has pot delegated to
such a tribunal the power of deciding on the
appropriations of money when acting beyond the
sphere of its legitimate province.
The committee have not come to a conclusion
that the memorialist is entitled to nothing from
the Government in right of her father's services;
but they have determined that the evidence before
them is not sufficient to authorize them to make
a favorable report on the claim submitted. Under
these views, they report that it is inexpedient to
allow the memorialist's claim for $14,000.
The bill was rejected.
colt's patent.
The PRESIDENT. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is one "authorizing the Commissioner of
Patents to grant an extension of his patent to
Samuel Colt, a citizen of the United States, for an
improvement in /ire-arms."
Mr. STUART. I reported this bill from the
Committee on Patents, out I suppose it is of no
use to seek to pass it- through Congress at this
session; and yet I think the bill is one that has
great merit in it. I wish nothing done which
shall prejudice it, and I move, therefore, to post-
pone its further consideration until Friday next.
The motion was agreed to.
edisto island volunteers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the Senate
now, by unanimous consent, to take up a bill
which I reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs, "for the relief of Whitemarsh B. Sea-
brook, Joseph Whaley, and others, officers and
members of the Edisto Island Company of the
State of South Carolina." When I make a state-
ment of the case, I am sure no Senator will object
to the consideration of the bill. In the first place
it is a claim from some citizens of South Carolina,
and I believe it is the first claim I have ever seen
presented by citizens of South Carolina since I
have been a member of this Senate. 11 is entitled,
I think, to some consideration on that ground.
In addition, one of the Senators from South Caro-
lina'is somewhat indisposed, and I hope the Sen-
ate, as a matter of courtesy to him, will allow me
to call up the bill, and have it acted on now. It
is to pay for the services of a company of volun-
teers in the war of 1812 who never received a cent.
Mr. SEWARD. I should be very glad to
accede to the request, but I have been waiting all
the morning for the purpose of calling up a bill for
the relief of a widow.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This is a harder
case than that, for it embraces nine or ten widows.
I will agree to take up the Senator's bill after this
shall be disposed of.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well, I will not object.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary
of War to audit and settle, upon terms of equity
and justice, the claims of Whitemarsh B. Sea-
brook, Joseph Whaley, and others, officers and
members of the Edisto Island Company, of the
State of South Carolina, for compensation for their
military services in the war of 1812, and for reim-
bursement for money expended by them during
that war in erecting two fortifications at Edisto
inlet, in that State; but the claim for rffihtary
services is not to exceed the the sum of $54,050,
and that for reimbursement is not to exceed the
sum of $47,368 01.
Mr. CLAY. 1 should like to hear the report
of the committee in this case.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the Senator will
withdraw the call for the report, I will state, in a.
few words, the facts of the case. In the war of
1812 this company was organized, and it was
mustered into the service of the United States on
the 12th of July, 1812. It served during the whole
war, and rendered very efficient service, being in
two or three engagements with the enemy, and
capturing two or three of their little vessels. The
company was composed of men of comfortable
means, to say the least, if not those in independ-
ent circumstances; they, therefore, made no claim
whatever upon the Government. The papers
show that they never received a cent for their ser-
vices. They were under the orders of the Gov-
ernment, and fought during the whole war; but,
being in independent circumstances, they made
no demand for compensation. Since that time,
changes have come over them. Some of them
have become poor, and the representatives of
others are dependent on themselves for support,
and they come in now and ask the Government
to settle their account, and pay them for "their ser-
vices. The records in the Department show that
they were regularly mustered into service and
served during the whole war, but never received
a cent of pay.
Mr. CLAY. There is one feature in this bill
which strikes me as "original and unprecedented,
and that is the provision to pay these officers for
building a fort. If. they have not been paid for
their services during the war, I say pay them by
all means—pay them liberally; but it seems to
me, that no such proposition has ever been heard
of before, as that of swelling their compensation,
by paying them for building a fort. I have always
thought that to build forts was part of the duty of
an officer, and I have yet to learn that he is enti-
tled to extra compensation for this discharge of
duty, which is aa much incumbent on him as ia
the duty of leading his men into battle.
_Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I can satisfy my
friend from Alabama on that point, as I have
looked into this question very fully. This com-
pany was organized when the enemy were ap-
proaching the harbor of Charleston, and the com-
manding officer, Colonel Bloodgood, issued his
order to the captain of this company to proceed at
once to the erection of a fort. The men did so,
and the only claim they make is for their actual
expenditures in erecting that fort, and the mate-
rials which they furnished and had to procure.
Every one familiar with that part of the country,
knows that there was no timber on the land which
they could use, and they had to procure it else-
where. A voucher for every single item in each
account is to be presented to the Department
before one dollar will be paid. The object is to
reimburse the actual expenses in erecting the fort
under the orders of the commander of that divis-
ion.
Mr. BADGER.
time ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. No; they charge
nothing for the time. They were in actual service
during the whole war. This is to pay the actual
expense under which they were in erecting the
fort. ± here are twenty similar cases which have
heretofore been allowed. They ask for the cost
of the material, and the means of getting it there,
and putting it up.
Mr. BUTLER. I, perhaps, ought to say a word
or two in relation to this case. I know pretty nearly
all the gentlemen living on Edisto Island. It is
an island known as the Long Staple Island—more
remarkable for that than any other thing. It is
inhabited by gentlemen of fortune, and, at that -
time, gentlemen distinguished for their public spirit,
Not to pay them for tlseir
