772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
a single Senator a control on the action of the
body, by a request to postpone a measure, in
order that he may be heard, or in order that he
may investigate it, We are now winding up
the present session. Under any other circum-
stances I would cheerfully grant the time; but I
consider it now as in the light of nothing but a
defeat of the bill. It is but one mode of reaching
the result which the Senator desires—the defeat
of the bill; and I shall, therefore, vote against the
postponement, but I beg him to understand, that
1 do so not from any want of courtesy at all.
Mr. ADAMS. I discover, by examination,
that this bill was reported from the Committee on
Indian Affairs on the 30th day of May, at the last
session. Without intending any disrespect for
the Senator from Ohio, or any other gentleman, £'
must say that when Senators have had that length
of time to investigate a question in which they
feel an interest, and have not done it, it is no dis-
respect, in my opinion, to vote against postponing
the measure, if my mind is made up. If the Sen-
ator could not make up his mind, could not be
prepared, from the 30th day of May last year, to
the present time to vote on the bill, giving him a
week now could hardly be considered a courtesy.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, there is no
Senator on this floor to whom, on a mere question
of courtesy, I would sooner yield than to tne hon-
orable Senator from Ohio. His own course to
every Senator would certainly always demand that
at my hands.
Mr. BADGER. That is true.
Mr. BAYARD. But, sir, there are questions
of a much higher character than those of courtesy,
to which courtesy must necessarily give way. _ I
apprehend that if this bill contained a provision
to pay for any other property than slaves, there
would have been no objection to its passage. I
draw that conclusion from the general remarks of
the honorable Senator from Ohio. _ His object,
therefore, if we are to have a discussion on the bill
on next Friday, is to bring up a debate involving
the question of slavery and the obligations of the
Constitution in relation to it. I do not mean,
under any circumstances, unless they are inevit-
able, ever to agree, by my vote, on courtesy ^ or
. any other ground, to sanction such an agitation
in the Senate of the United States, while I am a
member of the body; because I think such agita-
tions tend to the destruction of the Union,and, if
not prevented, will ultimately end in the destruc-
tion of the Union. Sir, I regret to say that if the
honorable Senator from Ohio be right in his sup-
position that, at a future day, the opinions which
he entertains in reference to the constitutional
questions connected with the institution of slavery
shall be recognized by the courts of the United
States, or in the legislation of this country, they
will be recognized as existing over a broken Union
and a dissevered people.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President. I feel very much
indebted to the Senator from Delaware for the
kind terms in which he has expressed himself in
regard to me. 1 must further ask the indulgence
of the Senate while I respond frankly to the ques-
tion of the Senator from Florida, which was put
in a manner that certainly demands a courteous
and prompt answer,from me. As at present ad-
vised, T could vote for no bill which treated per-
sons—human beings—as property, within the
meaning of the Indian intercourse law. I state
that distinctly and explicitly. But I say, also,
that this bill presents another and distinct ques-
tion. It is this: Can those Senators even, who
regard slaves as property within the meaning of
the Constitution and the Indian intercourse law,
vote for this bill as a measure falling within the
principle and provisions of that law ? I have had
occasion, heretofore, to discuss questions of this
nature somewhat at large, upon a proposition to,
indemnify certain citizens of Alabama for Indian
depredations in Alabama. I doubt whether, even
if slaves ought to be paid for at all, this bill could
be vindicated upon the principles which govern
our intercourse with the Indian tribes. Certainly
I think there would be_ no such urgency for its
immediate consideration if there were no slaves to
be paid for. I must say frankly that I think
there is an undue disposition here, whenever a bill
comes up recognizing property in men, or giving,
in any way, a benefit to the holder of slaves as
such, to push it through without consideration and
without debate.
The Senator from Mississippi says that this
bill has been reported for a long time, and that
the report has been lying upon the table. That
ia true; but then every body knows that we have
just as much as wecan do, to attend to the current
duties of the Senate; that such is the irregular
mode of transacting business, that no one can be
certain what will come up from day to day, and
that it is not usual for Senators, not members of
the committees which report them, to look into
these private bills until they actually come up for
consideration. We, then, very often content our-
selves with the reading of the report, or with the
statement-ofa Senator. If that statement, orthat
report be unsatisfactory, and any Senator desires
further time to consider, it is usually accorded.
Mr. BADGER. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him whether he did not object to
this bill on this day last week?
Mr. CHASE. I did.
Mr. BADGER. And has not looked into it
since ?
Mr. CHASE. True. Now, sir, I am content
that the Senate shall dispose of this matter as they
see fit. I shall record my vote against the bill, if
the question be taken now. I should prefer very
much to have it postponed. If the Senate do not
choose to postpone it, of course, I shall submit,
as I always do, to their decision. Before I con-
clude, t must be permitted to say, that I have no
such gloomy apprehensions as those which have
been expressed by the Senator from Delaware. I
do not believe that when the opinions which I
cherish shall prevail in the legislation of the coun-
try, and shall be recognized by the judicial tri-
bunals of the country, those mournful effects will
follow which he sodespondingly anticipates. The
Constitution and the Union have survived much
misinterpretation and perversion. Both will still
survive when the former shall be interpreted in
the sense of its framers and in the spirit of liberty,
and the latter shall be made efficient to secure the
great ends of its establishment, freedom, justice,
and happiness for all.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, on
the motion to postpone, resulted—yeas J 3, nays
27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brainerd, Chase, Coopfir, Fessenden,
Foot, Gillette, Hamlin, Seward, Stuart, Sumner, Wade,
Walker, and Wilson—13.
NAYS—.Messrs. Adani", Badger, Bayard, Bell, Bright,
Brodheart. Blown, Clay, Dawson, Dodge of Iowa, Evans,
Fiizpatrick, Geyer, IUmter, Jones of Iowa. Jones ot Ten-
nessee, Mailory, Mason, Morton, Pearce, Pratt, Sebastian,
Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Tou-
cey, Weller, and WelU—27.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading,and read the third time; and the question
was stated to be, " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. CHASE. On that question I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken,resulted—yeas 31, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Cadger, Bayard, Bell, Bright,
Brodhead, Brown, Clay, Cooper, Dawson, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Evans, Fiizpatriek, Geyer, Hunter, Jones of
town.JonesofTennessee, Mailory,Mason, Morton, Pearce,
Pratt, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toticey, Weller, and Wells—
31.
NAYS—Messrs. Brainerd, Chase, Fessemlen, Foot,Gil-
lette, Hamlin, Sewaid, Sumner, Wade, and Wilson—10.
So the bill was passed.
CHARLES STEARNS.
Mr. TOUCEY. I now move to take up the
bill for the relief of Charles Stearns. The objec-
tion to it is withdrawn.
The motion was agreed to; and-the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which designs to appropriate $5,000
to indemnify Charles Stearns for losses sustained
and expenses incurred in defending his title to
certain lands claimed by the United States; and
also in defending two criminal prosecutions
brought against him by direction of the Secretary
of War.
Stearns was, for a number of years, the owner,
in fee simple, of a tract of land in Springfield,
Massachusetts, bounded eastwaroly by lands
owned by the United States, and used for the pur-
pose of a national armory. The boundary line
was acquiesced in from the founding of the armory,
in or about the year 1S01, and no doubt or ques-
tion was ever suggested on the subject until 1845,
when the United States authorities <Sf the armory,
without any just ground, saw fit to question it.
As early as the year 1827 the memorialist joined
with a number of other proprietors, who. also
owned land adjoining his, in opening a street or
public highway on the westerly border of the lands
of the United States, which was called Prospect
street. This arrangement was made with tha
knowledge and approbation of the then superin-
tendent of the armory, and in concert with him.
This street has ever since remained an open and
undisturbed public highway until the year 1845,
and has afforded very great accommodation to the
adjoining proprietors as a means of access to their
respective lots and to the public, and especially to
those connected with the armory. From time to m
time he sold portions of land, and bounded his
grantees by Prospect street; and that street not
having been laid out and dedicated by public au-
thority, but the fee-simple remaining in the memo-
rialist and the other proprietors of the land over
which it passed, he was legally bound, by the
terms of his deed to his grantees, to keep open
this street, as the only means of access to the lots
purchased by them. A portion of the ground was
Bold, in 1843, to Timothy Hays, for the purpose
of erecting a church, with a boundary on Pros-
pect street, which furnished the only access to it.
In the summer of 1845, after the erection of the
church had commenced, the authorities of the
armory, without notice to him or his vendees,
caused the whole of the street in front of the lot,
except a space of about nine feet wide, to be closed
by a fence, and also erected a shed, and placed
other obstructions upon it; thus not only commit-
ting a trespass upon the land of the memorialist,
but also cutting off all access whatever to the lot
of the vendees by the obstruction of this part of
this public street. Having been called on by his
vendees to protect their rights under his deed,
which was conveyed to them by a boundary line
on Prospect street, and for protection against a
trespass committed by one of the officers of the
Government in the military department, he called
upon the Secretary of War, who was then in
Springfield, and notified him fully of the injury,
and asked the exercise of his official authority for
the purpose of removing the obstructions, and re-
pairing the wrong. From some cause the Secre-
tary left Springfield without affording any relief
whatever. Under these trying circumstances, -
being pressed by his vendees, he proceeded, on
the 19th day of June, 1845, with workmen in his
employ, in a peaceable manner, to remove the
obstructions thus unlawfully erected, and to place
the materials on or near the line between him and
theUnited States. Thisact was erroneously repre-
sented to the Secretary of War as " riotous " and
a "high-handed trespass" upon the lands of the
United States. In consequence of this the Secre-
tary of War directed the United States district
attorney to prosecute the memorialist; and he and
his men were hurried off to Boston, where two
bills of indictment were found against them; one
for riot, and one for malicious trespass upon the
lands of the United States. The result was a
verdict of acquittal, and a unanimous certificate of
the jury that there was no foundation for the pros-
ecution. The indictment, after much trouble and
expense, was finally dismissed by the attorney for
the United States. The men being generally poor,
and acting under the direction of the memorialist,
he felt bound to pay all the expenses incurred by
them, which he did.
For the purpose of bringing his case fully
within the rule, and placing his title beyond all
question, he caused a suit to be brought against
the superintendent of the armory, in his private
capacity, for trespass. The court of common
pleas decided that the title to the land was in him.
The supreme court of Massachusetts subsequently
affirmed this decision. After the decision, the
Government of the United States purchased the
property of the memorialist, thereby recognizing
his title to it.
Mr. TOUCEY. I -now move the amendment
which I before stated, to reduce the amount from
$5,000 to $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, sfhd the amend-
ment concurred in. The bill was then ordered to
be engrossed for a thirdreading, was read the third
, time, and
