1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
773
SURVEYOR GENERAL FOR UTAH.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to allow me to report, from
the Committee on Public Lands, a bill to estab-
lish the office of surveyor general ofUtah, and to
grant land for school and university purposes.
Mr. COOPER. I object to it now. I ask that
the next bill on the Calendar, which is one for the
relief of the legal representatives of James Bell,
may be considered.
Mr. STUART. As objection is made, I move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. WALKER. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. My friend from Penn-
sylvania has withdrawn his objection to this bill, \
and 1 am sure that when the bill is read, there is '
not a Senator present who will object to it.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Michi-
gan has moved an adjournment.
Mr. STUAR.T. I withdraw that motion ifper-
mission is given to report the bill which the Sena-
tor from Iowa desires to report. It is one of the
first importance.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on grant-
ing the Senator from Iowa leave to report the bill.
It requires unanimous consent.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa—there being no objec-
tion—reported back, without amendment, House
bill to establish the office of surveyor general in
Utah, and to grant land for school and university
purposes.
Mr. CADGER. Is it intended to pasa the bill
now ?
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I ask unanimous con-
sent to consider the bill now. It is a very short
one. My time here, like that of my friend from
North Carolina, is exceedingly limited, and ! know
. that he is the last man m this body to object to
any reasonable" proposition.
Mr. BADGER. 1 am  ot going to object, but
I wish to suggest to the Senator from Iowa, as this
is a bill for the benefit ofUtah, that it is of very
great importance that the question proposed here
at the last session by the late Senator from Con-
necticut, (Mr. Smith,) as to the modus operandi of
polygamy in Utah, should be answered. [Laugh-
ter.] Is it right to pass this bill before that ques-
tion is answered ? [Laughter.]
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. This bill has no sort
of connection with that interesting question, I
assure the Senator.
By this bill the President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Seriate, will be authorized
to appoint a surveyor general for Utah, at an an-
nual salary of $3,000, and whose power, author-
ity, and duties, are to be the same as those pro-
vided by law for the surveyor general of Oregon,
prior to the act of July 17, 1854.
"When the lands in Utah Territory shall be sur-
veyed under the direction of the Government of
the United States, preparatory to bringing them
into market, sections numbered sixteen and thirty-
six m each township are to be reserved for the
purpose of being applied to schools in the Terri-
tory, and in the States and Territories hereafter
to be created out of it. Two townships are also
to be reserved for the establishment of a univer-
sity.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. WELLER. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. WALKER called for the yeas and nays;
but they were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 16, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Mileurn.
TheJournal of y esterday was read and approved.
ADDITIONAL UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. BENTON. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to allow me to submit a motion to take
up and dispose of a bill which has been received
from the Senate. It is a bill merely altering the
time of holding the United States courts in the dis-
trict of Missouri and Ohio. I want to have it
taken up and passed; I am sure there Gan be no
objection to it.
There being no objection, Senate bill (No. 286)
to provide for holding an additional term of the
circuit court of the United States for the district
of Missouri, and for holding special terms for the
district and circuit courts of the United States for
the northern district of Ohio, was taken fiom the
Speaker's table, and read a first and second time
by its title.
Mr. IIAVEN. That is a Senate bill, sir, I
believe.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HAVEN. It has reference, I believe—for
I listened as accurately as I could to its reading—
simply to holding additional terms of United States
courts in Ohio and Missouri. It seems to me to
be right, and I call for the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question was ordered to be put; and, under
the operation of the previous question, the bill
was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. EDGERTON. I call for the regular order
of business.
BOARD OF CLAIMS.
Mr. LILLY. 1 rise to what I consider to be a
question of privilege. The day before yesterday
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Jones]
asked the unanimous consent of the House to
have the bill for establishing a board of claims
made the special order for to-morrow. I am
reported in the Globe as having objected thereto.
That is not the case. My colleague [Mr. Skel-
tos] made the objection. I, being in favor of tile
bill, wish to be placed right on the record. If the
Journal makes me objecting ill the same way I
desire to be corrected on it. If not, I desire to be
corrected in the Globe.
The SPEAKER. The Journal contains no
such declaration.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. As opportune, I
hope, to the removal of this objection, 1 now ask
the unanimous consent of the House to allow me
to report that bill—the board of claims bill.
Mr. EDGERTON. I call for the regular order
of business.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bills; winch thereupon received the signature of
the Speaker:
A bill to regulate the salaries of the district
judges of the United States;
A bill making an appropriation for a territorial
road in the Territory of Nebraska; I
A bill for the relief of William llagerty;
A bill making ail appropriation for completing
the public buildings of Oregon Territory and
Minnesota;
A bill for the construction of a military road in
Oregon Territory;
A bill to provide for the accommodation of the
courts of the United States tor the district of
Maryland, and for a post office at Baltimore
city, Maryland;
A bill making appropriations for improving
ceitain military roads in the Territory of Maine-
sola;
Joint resolution explanatory of the act giving
compensation to Judges Woodbury and Chipmau;
and
A bill for the relief of Medford Caffey, of the
State of Tennessee.
MAIL STEAMER BILL.
Mr. HAVEN. Is it in order now to move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. There is a resolution pend-
ing to close debate on the mail steamer bill.
Mr. HAVEN. And is that resolution the first
business in order?
The SPEAKER. That is the first business in
order.
Mr. HAVEN. If that be so, I move to amend
that resolution by inserting " half an hour," in-
stead of " two hours."
' Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. Have I not the
floor, Mr. Speaker ? _
| The SPEAKER. No, sir. Tour proposition
jJ was objected to, and the regular order of business
0 demanded.
Mr. H A VEN. I desire to make one inquiry of
the Chair before my motion be put. This mail
steamer bill was reported by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means of this House. If
he was in his place in the House now—from
which he is detained through indisposition—he
would have an oppoitunity of occupying an hour
in reply after the close of general debate. I un-
derstand that it is his desire that a member of
the committee—Mr. Breckinridue—should oc-
cupy his place in that respect. Can that be done
regularly and in order?
The SPEAKER. It cannofbe done regularly
and in order. It can only be done by the unan-
imous consent of the House.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, this
bill, was brought up very unexpectedly to us all
yesterday. It was in charge of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means. He is too
unwell at present to attend to it, and has intrusted
it to me. I had no desire to participate in the
genera! debate; but I desire in his [Mr. Hous-
ton's] place to occupy a short time after debate
closes in making some observations on the bill.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent the
gentleman can do so.
Mr. SOLLERS.' 1 object to any such ar-
rangement.
Mr. HAVEN. I move to amend the resolution
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cutting,]
by inserting " one hour" instead of " two hours,"
and 1 call for the previous question on the resolu-
tion.
Mr. ORR, (to Mr. Haven.) Oh, leave it "two
hours."
Mr. HAVEN. Perhaps one hour and a half
would be better.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I have some papers
from the Department which I wish to have an
opportunity of referring to.
Mr. HAVEN. It is my own judgment that
the debate should close in an hour. The House
can vote it down if it do not approve of it. I there-
fore move to amend the resolution by striking out
the words "two hours# and inserting in lieu
thereof the words " one hour. " I do this to test
the question, and shall be satisfied let it come out
as it may. I call for the previous question.
Mr. EDGERTON. 1 rise to a privileged ques-
tion. This, 1 believe, is private bill day, Mr.
Speaker.
The SPEAKER. This is private bill day.
The Chair, however, would state to the gentle-
man from Ohio, that, in the opinion of the Chair,
the regula" order of business ki first the disposition
of this resolution, then to proceed to the disposi-
tion of the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. EDGERTON. This resolution is one to^
close debate on the mail steamer bill. I ask if it
is not in order to move to go into a Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar, and if
such motion would not take precedence of this
resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. The
disposition of the resolution to close debate is first
in older.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. TWEED demanded the yeas and nays on
the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I wish to inquire of
the Chair whether there is not a resolution pend-
ing before the House to close the debate upon the
bill now under consideration in the Committee of
the Whole in two hours.
The SPEAKER. The original resolution fixes
the time for closing the debate in two hours, and
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Haven] pro-
poses to amend by making the time one hour.
; Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I hope the House
! will vote down the amendment,
i Mr. TWEED. I call for the yeas and nays.
I want discussion upon this question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Haven; and, upon a division, there
were—ayes G6, noes 58.
Mr. HENDRTCKS demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Jones, of Louisiana,
and Sapp were appointed.
The question was taken; and. the tellers reported
—ayes 73, noes GO.
So the amendment was agreed to.
