1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
and come to the true glory, that he had come to
the service of his country in upholding this enter-
prise, which has reflected more honor on the na-
tion than any other one ever undertaken in the
history of the Government.
It has been said by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Breckinridge] that this war steamer
suggestion was an unmitigated humbug, if I un-
derstand him right; that it was an unmitigated
humbug to pretend that they could be used for
war purposes. Was it a humbug for the British
Government to take the Cunard ships from the
line, and to convey troops in them to the Crimea?
Was that a humbug? When England called on
them they were willing to go. Without them she
would have been without means of transporting
her troops with the necessary quickness. In
these steamers she has conveyed French troops to
the seat of war, and is going to convey Swiss and
Sardinian troops there. And she has thus illustra-
ted the fact that these vessels are just fitted for that
sort of service—better fitted for it than any others
that tread the ocean, not only on account of their
strength and adaptedness to accommodate passen-
gers, but on account of their great speed. The
time which th&y make is of the greatest importance
for martial purposes, as is instanced by the fact
of their bringing speedy aid to the besiegers of
Sebastopol.
One word further, Mr. Chairman. What is
this terrible array of figures and facts? Is the
country in any danger from it5 Why, sir, the
expenditure asked for the pupport of this grerit
enterprise, whose founders have never made one
farthing by it, is only a little over $300,000 differ-
ence. And now, in regard to these facts and
figures which the gentleman from Kentucky has
brought to bear, 1 will say this: let the Post-
master General address Mr. Collins, or any mem-
ber of the company, and he can have a perfect
detailed statement, which will correspond with the
statement given by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Chandler.] And as one of the mem-
bers of the Post Office Committee—I allude to
Mr. Grey, of Kentucky—refused to serve, for
reasons which will be found in the Congressional
Globe, let the Postmaster General, with that state-
ment, send to the House a letter from Commo-
dore Vanderbilt, who approached the chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and offered to withdraw all his opposition to the
Collinsline if the company would buy his steamer.
Is that the sort of authority to go to tins House
and to be used sgainst the proposition of the
chairman of that committee?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, (interrupting.) I
feel authorized to contradict that statement.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. YATES. Mr. Cnairman, could I have
obtained the floor when the bill for tha construc- j
Uon of seven steam sloops of war was pending a |
few days ago, I should have opposed it almost for 1
the same  eisons that I shall now oppose this bill j
for additional ocean mail steamers. The only j
argument of any force at all which is now urged j
in favor of an additional appropriation for these i
steamers is, that such steamers will constitute an j
i.aportant adjunct to the Navy, and can be used as i
war ships, should they be needed for such a pur- j
pose. Mr. Chairman, i am in favor of an efficient i
Navy. It is a strong arm of our national defense; j
it is mdirpensable to the preservation of our rank [
among the nations of the earth; it is indispensable
to the t 'otection of our commerce, not only upon
our extended coast, but to our commerce in the dis-
tant seas and ports of the world. I indorse all that
gentlemen have said about the honor which the
Navy has conferred upon the country. There are
no brighter pages of American history than those
which have been illustrated by the prowess, the _
enterprise, and the daring of the American sailor.
The importance of the naval branch of the Gov- j
ernment willneve  he undervalued while the names
of a Paul Jones, a Perry, or Decatur, are remem- j
bered. And more recently, sir, it was a proud day j
for America when, on a distant sea, the exclama-
tion " I am on American citizen" was the talis-
man of protection, and Austrian myrmidons
shrank back in terror before the flutter of the stars
and stripes.
Hut, sir, while no one can more highly appre-
ciate than I do this efficient arm of our national
defense, yet I cannot see that our Navy is now
not sufficient for a nation whose mission is not
conquest and propagandism, but peace; whose
policy is neutrality, and whose highest glory is
the promotion of all the arts of peace. It should
be the object of Congress rather to curb the spirit
of aggression than to promote it. And while, sir,
I would have the American sailor and merchant-
man upon the quarter-decks of our American
ships feel proudly secure beneath our flag, yet I
would not, by the unreasonable increase of our
naval armament, present to our sailors tempta-
tions to aggression on the rights of other nations.
The filibustering expeditions constantly springing
up but too plainly show that the spirit of war is
m the hearts of our people. The sailor of no
country now treads the quarter-deck of his ship
with such a self-reliant and defiant look as Brother
Jonathan. The tone of our press, the spirit of our
legislation, the temper of our diplomacy, the
grasping reach of our commerce is aggressive and
warlike. Our great nation sits between the two
occans, self-poised, and conscious of her strength
and power, and, if she does not fight the world,
her language and bearing are that of bold defiance;
and there is every reason to believe that one half
of our people would rather court the provocation
to war than to adopt the certain and cautious
policy of its avoidance.
Mr. Chairman, this system of ocean mail
steamers, to be kept up at the expense of the
people, is a growing evil. It commenced, m 18 35,
with an appropriation of $350,000. It then in-
creased to $y00,000. The last year the expendi-
tures on this account were near $1,500,000. The
public money ia paid out to miUionairespeculators
and individuals for the construction of floating
palaces. And, sir, unless a stopis put to this
system, it will result in the squandering of untold
millions of the public money. There is, I admit,
good reason in keeping up the line^of steamers tor
the present between our Atlantic cities and our
Pacific possessions—these are demanded by the
exigency of the case, otherwise those possessions
would be inaccessible to us* and the affairs of the
Government could not be properly administered
there.
Mr. Chairman, Congress, at the last session,
promptly responded to the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Navy for the construction of six
new steam frigates, and for completing and launch-
ing two others, then in process of construction;
and we are informed that they will be ready for
service during the ensuing Rummer. We ctl ready
have nine navy-yordsand dockc—immense estab-
lishments, maintained at enormous expense; re-
quiring large outlays for buiMmg, rnateri da, men,
and supplies. Then, sir, there are all the append-
ages of the Navy, such as light-houses, fortifica-
tions, &c., involving immense expense, not only
m original construction, but for repairs constantly
needed and feigned to be needed. And now the
estimates of the Secretary of War, for the naval
service alone, for the present fiscal year, amount
to the sum of near $9,000,000; and it is to be ;
j feared that one third of this sum—millions of Fed- !
' eral money—are annually squandered far no ofh<=T :
; purpose than furnishing jobs to contractors and ,
| employmentforthedwellersofoursca-boardcities. :
j And now, Mr. Chairman, while I admit that
^he Navy is the property of the whole country,
! and designed for the benefit of the whole, yet, sir,
; an observant western man cannot shut his eyes
; to the fact that by far the major part of these ;
1 appropriations are expended at, and inures to the ,
| benefit of the Atlantic cities, and operates to the ,
; protection of our foreign commerce only, while a ;
i commerce as much exposed, and more extensive, |
, upon our great lakes and rivers, is passed by with ;
: neglect, not permitted to have a single dollar of !
i Government money for the improvement of their i
navigation. The great Mississippi, flowing three
thousand miles, from our northern boundary to
the Gulf, watering, in its long track, thirteen
States, with ten millions of people upon its bunks,
j and floating #200,000,000 of commerce upon its
j; bosom; the Ohio, with us magnificent commerca,
extending from the foot of the Alleghames, one
j! thousand miles, to its point, of confluence with the
• father of waters, in the bosorn of the West; the
1 Illinois, uniting the Mississippi and the great lakes
! of the North; the Missouri, extending her long
| arms four thousand miles, through the wall of the
I western half of the continent; these noble streams
! and lakes receive no fostering cave from the Gov-
ernment.
Well authenticated statistics show that, on the
western rivers alone, during the l-ast year, seventy*
one steamboats were sunk upon snags, that the
loss of life by disasters was three hundred and
fifty-five, and of property, $12,570,000. And, sir,
though scores of sailors, emigrants, and travelers
annually sink to the bottom of our lakes and
rivers, and millions of dollars are annually sunk
for the want of safe harbors, and the improvement
of the channels of navigation, yet the Govern-
ment turns a deaf ear to the imperious wants of
the people of the West; or, sir, if Congress, after a
hard struggle, shall agree to dole out, with penu-
rious hand, a pittance, one eighth of the amount
annually expended for the benefit of the sea-board, _
then even that amount is stopped in transitu, and
clinched by the remorseless grasp of an Executive
veto, under the plea of unconstitutionality—a plea
long since exploded, and serving only to bring
into ridicule those who use it.
The legislation of Congress incident to the
acquisition of our Pacific possessions, is a strong
illustration of the partial policy to which I have
referred. California had scarcely been admitted
as a State into the Union, before the Government
had pledged millions for steamers from the eastern
States to California and Oregon, by way of the
Isthmus. This was right enough—I am not here
to controvert it—but, sir, it inures almost entirely
I to the benefit of the Atlantic cities. The western
i emigrant, who desires to emigrate to California or
; Oregon with his family, cannot incur the expense
ofa thousand miles journey to arrive at a starting
point, and then incur the additional expense of a
long and hazardous voyage by sea. Moreover, he
i« unused to the sea—that is not his mode of travel.
No, sir; he is left to battle, single-hand and un-
protected, his long journey over a savage country,
unbeaten roads,and unbndged rivers, and through
narrow mountain defiles and deserts of sand.
Why, sir, are the fifty thousand emigrants, those
undaunted soldiers of progress, who annually em-
igrate overland to our Pacific possessions, not as
much entitled to have a safe and easy path cutout
for them as the eastern emigrant, who has for his
comfort a floating palace, and for his security and
safety the whole Navy at his command ?
Mr. Chairman, I should not have ventured upon
this line of remark, but for the fact that we have
very lately seen this House give the go-by to the
; bill for the construction of a railroad to the Pa-
| cific,and even, sir, refused to entertain the propo-
• sition for a common post road from our western
! borders to the Pacific. Is this exact and equal
i justice > I am opposed to such partial legislation.
! And the fault, sir, is with Representatives from
j the West. It results from their jarring and di-
I vided councils, from a want of union among them-
selves. They ought, as the Representatives ofthe
great valley of the Mississippi, to present a united
and unbroken front, and not to remain content
until a more liberal, impartial, and national policy
i-3 adopted, embracing alike the ocean, the lakes,
the rivers, and the improvements of every section—
fi fa'r, equal, and just distribution of Government
favors to all.
The question was taken on Mr. Lyon's amend-
ment; and it was rejected.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. For the pur-
pose of saying a few words, I propose to increase
the amount £2,000.
It seems to me that very much of the discussion
upon this question, has been outside, end inde-
pendent, of the true points in issue. I do not
regard this in the light in which the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Brcckiniudge] does, as a
question of bounty, but a question of payment
for services rendered to the country, and as noth-
ing more or different. I would not vote for any-
thing to these parties as a mere bounty; but if I
can "see clearly that the country, in consequence
of making this arrangement with Mr. Collins and
others, has received, and by continuing it will
receive, advantages, on the whole,, equivalent to
and warranting the amount paid them, then I will
go for continuing the payment to them of such
sum; and it is upon that ground that I shall vote
for the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Olds.] Gentlemen have said, that we are
paying here more than it would cost if we were
to throw up the contract wiih Collins, and moke
one with Vanderbilt, or others, and more than the
English Government pay the Cunard line for a
like number of trip*. E>o they bear in mind that
