776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
the Collins line performs the service in shorter
time than the Cunard line does, of than any other
can, at lower rates than are now paid to Collins?
And do they remember, also, that time, in this
country particularly, and at this time of day, is
money ? By the Collins line the mails are carried
quicker than by any other line; and if the mer-
chants of this country save a day upon every
draft sent, save a day in all transactions between
the Old World and New, and if alt the people, and
the Government, are interested m the speediest
transmission of intelligence, that is something
worth caring for, and paying for. And we must
not forget, when we undertake to compare these
ships with others, this difference and superiority,
and that this increased speed, while it enhances
largely the expense of the trips, secures to the
American line, and to the country, through it,
those advantages, direct and incidental, for which
it was thought important to establish a line of our
own in the beginning—advantages to the country
of postal, commercial, and national consideration.
Do gentlemen bear in mind, also, that the Collins
steamers are capable of being made available in
time of war, for war purposes, and that, therefore,
in this respect, we derive a great advantage from
this contract which no other that has been sug-
gested proposes to afford? And do they take into
consideration what the cost would be of keeping
up these steamers for war purposes only ? Granted
that these ships may be made valuable and effective
for war purposes—and that they may be seems to
have been conclusively settled—how much better
and more economical for the Government it is to
have them so employed in time of peace that the
net expense to the country is reduced to less than
one fourth the sum that would be required'to keep
them up as purely war vessels, part and parcel of
the Navy; and when, at a moment's notice, should
occasion require, they may be placed in condition
to perform the most valuable and efficient service
in the Navy.
But the gentleman from Kentucky has resorted
to figures. What confidence can be placed in them
I do not know. I know that the man who has the
making of figures, can generally, if at all ingenious,
continue to make them fit whatever hypothesis he
desires to maintain. I do not know that the gentle-
men were well skilled and informed in reference
to the matters concerning which they have made
their estimates. But I understand this to be true,
that the stock of the Collins line may be purchased
by the gentleman from Kentucky, or any other gen-
tleman, for much less than the par value; and that,
I take it, is the best evidence which can be afforded
on this point, safer, better, infinitely better, than
any statements prepared to be used here for the
purpose of making out a case. Sir, here is a fixed
fact, the report of the stock market,.the evidence
of Wall street, the most conclusive and satisfactory
that can be given, and it proves that this line can-
not be sustained at lower rates than are now paid.
Reduce those rates and abandon the line; retain
them and continue it; these are the questions and
the only practical questions before the committee.
The gentleman from Kentucky said that we
have received only some $7011,000 or $800,000 in
all from postages from the Collins line. But this
is not the entire amount for which we should
credit this line. By an arrangement with Great
Britain, we receive a percentage of the Cunard
postages, which, added to the net revenues of the
Collins line, increase largely the sum mentioned
by the gentleman. This amount should be cred-
ited to the Collins steamers; for without them we
should not have been in receipt of it. Again, in
consequence of this line we were enabled to make
a postal treaty with Great Britain whereby the
postages between Europe and the United States
have been greatly reduced—one half, or more, I
believe.
The consequence is, that our people are able to
receive their letters from Europe at less than
one half the amount they had heretofore been
obliged to pay. Is not that something worth con-
sidering by those whose province and duty it is to
legislate for the interest of the people at large? is
not this a legitimate way for lightening the bur-
dens of the people? Sir, considerations of this
character should not escape us, when we are about
to decide the question whether or not this line is
to be abandoned, and the country fall back upon
the old system of leaving the transportation of
all our mails to our great rival and competitor,
to be done in her own time and upon her own
terms.
Mr. Chairman, I represent in part a maritime
State; a State which probably constructs one half
of the sailing vessels which are built in the United
States; a State whose people have a deep and
lively interest in this question. Every ship-owner,
aye, every ship-carpenter in Maine, is peculiarly
sensitive upon this subject. There is not a "man
in the State who does not feel that the honor of
our country is involved in.supporting and main-
taining this line of steam-ships—that her interest
is 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire here to
state that the statement made by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Lyon,] like many other
statements which are circulating around, with a
view of creating in the minds of the members of
this body unjust and unwarrantable prejudices,
is not in itself correct. I say, for I feel authorized
to say, anything to the contrary notwithstanding,
come from what quarter it may, that Cornelius
Vanderbilt never did offer to abandon his project
provided E. K. Collins & Co. would purchase a
steamer which he had.
I make this statement most cheerfully, because
I have known that gentleman long, and esteem
him highly as a gentleman and an honorable man,
and I call upon the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wheeler,] who knows him, to say whether
he is a gentleman or not.
Mr. WHEELER. I can say he is a gentle-
man and 
[Cries of " I object !"and " Go on !"]
Mr. SMITH. Well, I will go on. One word
more. I have made that statement, and I felt it
right to do so, for an argument has been- founded
upon the assertion of that fact upon this floor.
Mr. WHEELER. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. SMITH. 1 will; and I appeal to him to
testify to the correctness of my statement as to
Mr. Vanderbilt.
Mr. WHEELER. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from Virginia has appealed to me to know
whether Mr. Cornelius Vanderbilt is a man of
honor and integrity. I know him well; and there
is no man living, in my opinion, who bears that
character better than he does.
Mr. SMITH. I will now proceed with my
remarks.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a point of order.
We are under the operation of the five-minute
rule, and members should confine their remarks
to the amendments under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will pro-
ceed in order.
Mr. SMITH. I will proceed in order; but 1
will say, if it is in order for one member upon this
floor to make a statement here, it is equally in
order to deny his statement. But let that pass.
A great deal of talk has been had in this Hall
to-day about the value of the ocean postage, and
especially that derived from the Cunard line.
Now, I have in my hand an official statement of
the Postmaster General, made on the 4th day of
December, 1854, of the net revenue of the Post
Office Department for the current year, and I
ascertain from that report that the postages of
which we have heard so much, only brought the
country in debt to the amount of $121,257 89.
That is in reference to the Cunard line. So much
for the postal treaty. This postal treaty with the
British Government, under which we were to
receive this twenty per centum has, I repeat.,
brought the country into debt $121,257 89. And
giving to the Cunard line the whole benefit of our
inland postage on the mail matter which it brings
us, to which, of course, it can in no proper view
be entitled, it gives us a revenue of only $1,483 91.
I advert to these facts to correct the impression
that the postal arrangement with Great Britain I
has been a great boon to this country, or that the
Collins line can look to that quarter for any advant-
age. I am opposed to the amendment of the
gentleman from Maine, and hope it will not be
adopted.
Mr. WASHBURN. I withdraw my amend-
ment, if there is no objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let a vote be
taken on it.
The question was put, and the amendment was
not agreed to.
Mr. CUTTING. I move to strike out the two
last words of the amendment, whatever they may
be.v
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will con-
fine his remarks, under the rule, to the amendment
proposed. [Laughter.]
Mr. CUTTING. 1 ask the indulgence of the
committee to make a few remarks.
Mr.„JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
will permit me I will move an amendment,and, in
opposition to that amendment, he can make the
remarks he desires.
Mr. CUTTING. I will move to increase the
appropriation $5,000.
Mr. JON ES. I ask the gentleman to allow me
to move 50 amend, by striking out of the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Olds,] all included from thefourth to the thirteenth
lines inc'usive.
Mr. CUTTING. I will hear it read.
The amendment, which was read, proposes to
strike out the following words:
" Proviso contained in the first section of the act entitled
'An act to supply deficiencies in the appropriation for the
service of the fiscal year ending the 30ih of Jane, 3852,' ap-
proved on ttie 2tst day of July, 1859, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from New York can take the floor in reply to that
amendment.
Mr. CUTTING. I wish to say a single word.
I do not think it just that statements should be
brought in, and submitted to the committee, when
no opportunity is allowed to answer them. Now,
I ask the unanimous consent of the committee to
allow me to review the statements sent hereby the
Postmaster General, and to make some remarks
in reference to the proposals made by other bidders
for this service. I wish to be brief.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from New York that it can only be
done by the unanimous consent of the committee.
Mr. CUTTING. I ask tfiat unanimous con-
sent. I ask it as a matter of justice.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee.' Thegeneral debate
upon this bill has been closed, and we cannot
open the general debate upon this subject again.
Mr. CUTTING. 1 desire to answer the re-
marks made by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Breckinridge.]
The CHAIRMAN. Does any gentleman ob-
ject?
Mr. JONES. I do.
Mr. CUTTING. I would say to the gentle-
man from Tennessee that there is not a gentleman
upon this floor who has taken up less time than I
have, either in committee or in the House, and I
ask the opportunity to answer the gentleman from
Kentucky.
[Cries of " Order!" " Order 1" and " Go on!"]
Mr. HUNT. 1 rise to a question of order. 1
had understood that it had been conceded that the
gentleman should proceed.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!" and " Let him
go on!"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As gentlemen ail
around the House seem to wish that the gentleman
should be permitted to speak, in obedience to that
wish I withdraw my objection.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object, unless there is
some understanding as to the length of time the
gentleman shall occupy.
Mr. CUTTING. I will say this to the gentle-
man, that I will talk to the point, if I know how,
and as rapidly as I can.
Mr. HAMILTON. I will not object, then.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hears no objec-
tion. and the gentleman will proceed.
Mr. CUTTING. If the Post Office Depart-
ment, where the statement read by the gentleman
from Kentucky was prepared, had been sent to
the House at an earlier day, the committee might
then readily have taken means to ascertain its
accuracy or its imperfections. It was thrown into
this debate at the last moment, simply, I presume,
becausejt was not delivered to the gentleman from
Kentucky in time to have submitted it sooner, and
therefore the committee have not had any oppor-
tunity to investigate it.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE." It was delivered to
me yesterday by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, [Mr. Houston.]
Mr. CUTTING. Now for a brief review of
the inaccuracies of this statement—striking inac-
