780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16j
hearts in this land with woe unutterable; will you
select this time to break it up ? I see by the papers
that this line has recently met with another dis-
aster, in running down an English vessel with a
valuable cargo. Under this accumulation of ad-
verse fortunes, will you select the present as the
time to give the notice of discontinuance? I think
you had better cherish them in the days of their
adversity and trouble. The same principle which
actuated Congress in 1852, apply now, when they
have to build another vessel. They have suffered
great calamities, and do not add to them by taking
aWay the extra compensation which they have
heretofore received, and at a moment, too, when
all the'arguments, which induced Congress m 1852
to bestow it, apply with ten fold greater force for
its continuance.
With these remarks, I will resume my seat,
thanking the committee for its kind indulgence.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the cost of
the Collins steamers, the expense of running them,
with the rates of fare for passengers, and the
receipts for freight, we have nothing to do. That,
sir, is the private business of E. K. Collins & Co.
With them I have no more to do than 1 have with
the amount of goods imported by Stuart, of New
York, or of any other merchant in that city.
My business upon this subject, as a Represent-
ative of a tax-paying constituency, and as a legis-
lator, is to inquire whether the services rendered
by E. K. Collins & Co. are worth, in the first
place, the money which we pay them; and, in the
second place, whether or not we can get clear of
any portion of that expense without violating-the
contract with that company, or giving them cause
of complaint. In 1847, Collins & Co. came here
and made a proposition, in accordance with which,
without altering one word, Congress directed by
law that the Secretary of the Navy should close
the contract upon their own terms, which were
that they should carry the mailstwenty round trips
a year, and receive for it $385,000 from the Uni-
ted States—being $19,250 for each round trip.
They commenced the services in April, 1850, and
in 1852 came back to Congress and represented
that they could not carry out the contract and
perform the services at the compensation they
were receiving. The proposition was success-
fully advocated in Congress, that if you would in-
crease the number of trips by six, and increase
the compensation to $33,000 the round trip, they
would carry out the contract and perform the ser-
vices.
In both cases, one of the strongest arguments
urged was, that it was the building up of your
Navy, and would supersede the necessity of a di-
rect expenditure in increasing the navy establish-
ment. That argument has now no force, for I
believe no one now seriously contends that these
vessels will answer for war purposes.
Awtin, you were told when this compensation
was increased that the increased mail facilities
would so increase the correspondence between
the two countries and, consequently, so increase
the amountof postage as to remunerate tliecountry
for the extra expenses paid. Now, sir, theamount
received by the Collins line fiom the Government,
for the year ending 30th June, 1853 was $858,000,
and the net revenue received through that line lor
the same year was $192,313 87, making the ex-
cess of paytnent over the receipts $665,086 13.
The payment to them for the last fiscal year was
the same ($858,000,) and the net receipts from
them $153,337. This shows a decrease of re-
ceipts for the last year, from that of the preceding
year of about §40,000. So that the loss for the
two years has been $1,024,617 04.
E. K. Collins & Co. commenced the service on
the 27th of April, 1850.
Amount paid E. K. Collins & Co", from April 27,
1850, to June 30,1854     .$2,835,406 57
Amount of ocean postages received
for mails carried by Collins line
from April 27, 1850, to June 30,
1854....  734,466 01
Loss on Collins line since com-
mencement     $2,100,940 06
Mr. OLDS. I am opposed to the amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee, for this reason:
That if Mr. Collins continues his service he re-
quires another steamer. The service requires that
there should be another steamer. Now, will you
require him to build another with this notice im-
pending over him? If it is "not given this year it
may be the next, and will you require him to build
another steamer under these circumstances ?
Again, I hold that under the contract with Mr.
Collins, the General Government are as much
bound to pay him the extra compensation as they
are to pay him the amount originally granted.
After a full investigation in 1852, Congress de-
termined that Collins & Co. should receive $33,000
per rounti trip, instead of the $19,000 or $20,000
they had heretofore received. This, in my opin-
ion, was in effect entering into a new contract with
Collins & Co. It is true that a proviso was ap-
pended, giving Congress theright to terminate the
extra compensation, by giving six months notice;
but I hold, nevertheless, that Congress arejustas
much under obligation to continue the additional
as they are the original compensation.
The reserved right amounted to just this. If
Congress became satisfied that they were giving
the line too much for the service, they could term-
inate this portion of the compensation by giving
the six month's notice. But I have demonstrated
to the House thefactthat thccostof making these
trips is largely beyond what it was in 1852, when
this new contract was made. I hold, therefore, I
repeat, that Congress is just as much holden for
one allowance as for the other, until they can pro-
duce evidence that the additional compensation is
no longer needed. Now, sir, has any such evi-
dence been produced? On the contrary, I have
produced the sworn evidence of an engineer of
the Navy Department, and of Mr. Collins him-
self, that the cost of running the vessels has largely
increased. But, sir, I do not propose to detain the
committee longer; I ask for a vote upon the amend-
ment of thegentieman from Tennessee and ask for
tellers upon its adoption.
Mr. ORR. I desire to hear the amendment
again read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Perhaps, as some
gentlemen around me do not seem to understand
my amendment, it will be better that I should state
what will be its effect. I propose to strike from the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio so much
as provides for repealing the law of 1852, which
authorizes Congress to give six months' notice
for terminating the allowance of additional com-
pensation. If the amendment prevails, it will then
leave us to vote upon the question whether we will
give the notice now or not. All I propose is, that
we shall no t prevent oursel ves from giving the notice
hereafter if we shall see fit.
Tellers were ordered;"and Messrs. Jones, of
Tennessee, and Olds, were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 79, noes 83.
Sri the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. CRAIGE. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Olds's
amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the vote
will be taken upon the amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio without further debate, and then
let us decide the question in the House, where we
can have the yeas and nays.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio so as to
limit the time allowed for completing the new
steamer to six months, instead of two years.
Mr. CHANDLER. Why, they cannot build
a steamer m six months.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I offer that amend-
ment for the purpose of making a single remark,
and then 1 hope a vote will be taken at once upon
the amendment of thegentieman from Ohio, [Mr.
Olds.] I desire, sir, to call the attention of the
committee to that amendment. I do not think
their attention has been particularly directed to it
After repealing the proviso contained in the act of
1852, by which we reserved to ourselves the power
to terminate the ariangement upon six months
notice, the amendment goes on to provide that
Edward K. Collins and his associates shall pro-
ceed, with all due diligence, to build another
steamship, in accordance with the terms of the
contract, and have the same ready, in two years
after the passage of this act 
Mr. CAMPBELL, (interposing.) I wish to
present a question of order to the Chair. The
gentleman is not confining himself to the discussion
of the merits of his amendment, to wit: the pro- '
priety of limiting the time for the construction of
the steamer to six months. He is going on to
discuss' the merits of the original amendment, pro-
posed by my colleague, [Mr. "Olds,] and I submit
that that is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Kentucky that he must con-
fine his remarks to his own amendment, to the
propriety of reducing the time allowed forthecon-
struction of the steamer to six. months.
Mr. BRECKiNRtDGE. Why, sir, when I
was called to oider I was engaged in stating the
amendment itself! Why is not that in order, I
should like to know ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will explain to the gen-
tleman my point of order. He was not proposing
to discuss the amendment which he himself offered,
but to discuss the amendment offered by my col-
league. That is the point.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Why, sir, have I
not a right to read his amendment, in order to ex-
plain the effect which my amendment to his amend-
ment will have? However, I will change my mo-
tion, and move to strike out the proviso to the
amendment, and I hope-that, instead of raising
questions of order, the gentleman from Ohio will
listen to that proviso, for it is certainly in order for
me to read what I propose to strike out. It is as
follows:
"Provided, That Edward K. Collins and his associates
shall proceed, with all diligence, to build another steamship,
in accordance with the terms of the contract, and have the
same ready lor the mail service in two years from and after
tile passage ot this act. And if said steamship is not ready
willmi the time above mentioned, by reason of anynegleet
or want of diligence on their part, then the said Edward K.
Collins and his associates shall carry ihe United States
mails, beuveen New York and Liverpool, from the expira-
tion ol'the said two j ears, every fortnight, free of any charge
to the Government, until the new steamship shall have
commenced the said mail service."
The effect of that proviso is, first, that they
shall have two years in which to complete the
proposed new steamship, and next, that if, by
reason of any neglect on their part, Lhey fail to
complete it within the two years, then they shall
carry the mails, free of charge, until they do com-
plete it.
Now, why do we want this new steamship,
unless we intend to make a new contract with Mr.
Collins, after the present one has terminated,and
unless we intend to extend this system of con-
necting the Government with these commercial
monopolies? Mr. Collins's contract was for ten
years? When did it commence?
Several Members. In 1847."
Mr. CUTTING. No, no; in 1850.
Mr. OLDS. The first trip was made in 1849.
Mr. CUTTING. The gentleman is mistaken;
it was some time in the spring of the year 1850.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. When did the ten
years commence to run ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The service com-
menced on the 27th of April, 1850.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Very well, sir; the
service commenced on thc27th of April, 1850, and
was to run for ten years. That would terminate
it on the 27. h of April, 1860. Weil, they are to
complete this new steamship wkhin two years
from the passage of this act. Suppose you pass
it now. They must have their steamer built by
the month of February, 1857, and there will then
remain only between two and three years of their
term under the existing contract.
Mr. OLDS. More than three years.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Now, why do we
want a new steamship, to run only between two
and three years, unless it is intended to renew the
contract ?
Mr. CUTTING. Will the gentleman allow me
a word just there?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The contract will
almost have expired before the vessel is completed,
under the limitation contained in this proviso.
Mr. CUTTING. I will explain to thegentie-
man from Kentucky, with his permission, what
I suppose to be the reason, although lam not
personally informed about the matter. Under the
original contract, Mr. Collins was allowed eigh-
teen months to build the steamers, but it was
found that that -time was insufficient to complete
them, and an act of Congress was passed by which
the time was extended till 1850. Mr. Collins has
now only three vessels—three vessels kept under
whip and spur, to enable him to carry the mails
