1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ti'i
and fulfill his contract. Those three vessels must
run from now on for five years, without the slight-
est accident, or else he will violate his contract.
It is, therefore, necessary that there should be a
fourth vessel to enable him to fulfill his contract
under any contingency.
Now, 1 once heard the suggestion made by Mr.
Collins himself, that the English are building a
great iron steamship, called the Persia, of three
thousand five hu drecl tons burden, which is to be
ready some time this coming spring 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DISNEY Obtained the floor.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Is my time out?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. CUTTING. 1 did not mean to consume
the time of the gentleman from Kentucky, but I
have the floor, and am entitled to speak five min-
utes in opposition to his amendment, and that time
I will yield to him.
Mr. JONES, of Tennnesse. But the gentle-
man from New York has not got the floor.
Mr. CUTTING. I believe I have.
The CHAIRMAN. The floor has been as-
signed to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Disney.]
Mr. DISNEY. Mr. Chairman, I desired to
have got .the floor during the progress of the gen-
eral debate upon this subject, but I failed to do so,
and experience has taught me pretty thoroughly,
the folly of attempting, in a five-mmute speech,
to give my views upon this or any other question.
I shall perpetrate no such folly on this occasion.
I am opposed to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, and I rise to state to the
House the impression which has been produced
upon my mind by the general course of this debate,
and by the facts which have been presented for
our consideration. 1 am satisfied that this Col-
lins concern has made no profit out of this affair,
and the thought has occurred to me, that this whole
matter might be adjusted practically with a just
regard to the public interest, and without giving
any ulterior or just cause of complaint to the par-
ties on either side.
For one, 1 am willing that the contract with
E. K. Collins & Co. shall be continued during the
term for which it was originally made, but I can-
not resist the conviction that these mails can be
transported between this country and Europe at a
much less price and to far greater advantage to all
the parties concerned—I mean the community at
large.
Now, a proposition has been made to Congress,
emanating fromMr. Hansen, of Brooklyn, which,
in my judgment, can be successfully carried out.
Why not authorize the Postmaster General to
contract with this individual upon satisfactory
sureties, to transport the mails in the manner
proposed by him? Let th&t contr&ct coinrnenc6}
say two years from this time. At that point of
time the existing contract with the Bremen and
Havre line will have teiminated. These two
lines are considered failures. The contract of Mr.
Hansen, then, would not increase the expenditure
of the Post Office Department for the transpor-
tation of the European mails, and it would, at least,
afford an opportunity to test the experiment,
whether these mails can or cannot be transported
in the manner proposed by him successfully, and
whether we cannot dispense with the necessity of
giving gratuity to these mail lines altogether.
Well, sir, I am willing that these parties get
the contract for which they propose, and 1 there-
fore intend to introduce a proposition authorizing
the Postmaster General to enter into a contract
with Mr. Hansen, of such a character as he has
indicated.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ORR. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) No further
debate is in order. The question is on the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I desire to with-
draw it.
The question was taken; and the amendment to
the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ORR. I move, Mr. Chairman, to strise
out all that portion of the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Olds] which provides
for the building of a new steamer.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the proposition
which was submitted by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Breckinridge,] and which has been
just voted down.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Was there a vote
on that proposition? I understood the gentleman
had withdrawn it.
The CHAIRMAN. There was a vote.
Mr. ORR. Well, I move to strike out all of
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, except
the first five words.
I am opposed, Mr. Chairman, to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio. I think that
the proposition reported by the Committee of
W^s and Means ought to be adopted. I was a
member of the Thirty-Second Congress when this
proposition to give increased compensation to the
Collins line of steamers waspassed. It was passed
here, after a long and doubtful struggle, by a ma-
jority of two votes. 1 do not know, Mr. Chair-
man, that it was stated distinctly on the floor at
the time, but I think it was, that it was necessary
to give this line the increased compensation of
$33,000, with a view of enabling the company to
relieve itself from, pressing embarrassments; and
that, if it were continued for a little time then the
company would be able to get along without any
further aid. Two years have expired. Congress
reserved to itself the privilege of terminating the
increased compensation by giving, six months'
notice; and I venture to say here, that if that
reservation had not been contained m the amend-
ment increasing the compensation from$19,250to
$33,000, it could never possibly have passed the
House.
Still, Mr. Chairman, I think that the debate on
this subject has been full. The proposition of
the gentleman from Ohio presents one distinct
issue'—-the proposition of the Committee of Ways
and Means presents another. If the committee,
however, should adopt the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, and go into the House, then
there is a direct vote. If the friends of the bill
think the amendment strong enough to be carried,
why, let them vote it in. We can have the two
distinct propositions to vote on—the one being to
give a notice of the termination of the increased
compensation, according to the recommendation
of the Committee of Ways and Means, and the
other the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. OLDS. That is right; agreed.
Mr. ORR. There is no proposition that can be
adopted by the committee which can give us a
more direct, well-defined issue, than the two
propositions now pending. I therefore hope that,
if the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chand-
ler.] has said what he desired to say on this sub-
ject, the debate will terminate now, that we may
go into the House and determine the question by
yeas and nays.
[Cries of "Right!" "Right!" "Agreed."]
Mr. BARRY, of Mississippi. I am very will-
ing to let this matter be taken outof committee into
the House, but as others have had their say, 1
think it but proper that I should make a few re-
marks.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to speak in opposition to the amendment of
the gentlemafi from South Carolina?
Mr. BARRY. Yes, sir; I intend to introduce
an amendment appropriating this increased com-
! pensation, but with an aim to the establishment of
j another line of steamers—that is, to pay the dif-
\ ference between the 519,000 and the $33,000 as
i compensation to another line for running alternate
| trips with the Collins line, so as to have weekly
j departures. If we require this quick and constant
j communication with other countries, and if we
; must give this large compensation for it, let us at
; least take care to have additional facilities for our
I money.
! Mr. SOLLERS. May I ask the gentleman
; from Mississippi if the other line he refers to is
the Vanderbilt line >
Mr. BARRY. It is any line that will take
$15,000 per round trip for the service.
Mr. SOLLERS. Yes; I understand.
' Mr. BAR.RY. I come back fo one thing con-
!' tained in the amendment of the gentleman from
I Ohio, and which it is proposed to strike out; that
is, the building of a new ship. These parties have
! undertaken to carry the mails, and we have no
■ ,-jo-ht to say, by subsequent law, that they shall
[' build ships, or that they shall not. The con-
'j tractor has got to build the ship; and if they are
[' not of the teind contracted for, his contract be-
ll comes forfeited. Now why, I ask, with all due
II deference, was this proviso of building a new ship
put in? Justto show that the company wasgoing
to an additional expense." But, sir, this is an ex-
pense which, when they entered into the contract,
they became liable and responsible for. _ I can
only regard it as having been put in for the "pur-
pose of having an effect on the committee. The
company was bound, in its original contract, to
build these ships, and It is unnecessary to hitve
this proviso in the amendment.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I ask if, in the ori-
ginal contract, the company was not bound to fur-
nish five ships ?
Mr. BARRY. Yes;and they have neverdoneit.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman from Mississippi permit me to state 
Mr. BARRY. Thegentleman can get the floor
after I am through, if he chooses. I have only a
minute or two left. Now, sir, I was proceeding
to say that this proviso was put in simply for
the purpose of making the amendment look more
plausible and more strong before the House and
the country—this proviso that the company shall
buildaship, which they are already bound to build,
and so fulfill this mail service contract.
Gentlemen talk of the great loss sustained by
the company in the recent wreck of one of its ves-
sels. That, sir, is one of the losses incident to
every such undertaking; and they are bound to
meet it as any other men meet losses incurred in
the regular course of trade. About the frightful
misfortune with which the country sympathizes
I have only this to say: that if they had spent in
life-boats for that vessel the money which they
spent in ginger-bread ornaments and decorations,
there might "have been hundreds of valuable lives
saved, which are now lost to the country. The
loss of the vessel is theirs, and the responsibility
is theirs. And why, sir, should we be called upon,
at this time, to continue this large compensation;
why should we give pap to this company, at the
expense of the revenues of the country, which
was intended to be only a temporary relief for a
temporary embarrassment? They ask now to be
favored in this manner on the plea of their recent
misfortune. Why, sir, so far as I can see, it waa
their own conduct which made so many hearts in
the country bleed; it was their own conduct which
led to a calamity from which there is hardly a
family in the Union which has not suffered. And
they dare to put forward their money losses here
as an argument in their favor, or as an appeal to
the sympathy of Congress.
Mr. SOLLERS. I ask my friend from Mis-
sissippi whether he thinks Mr. Collins was to
blame for a calamity by which he lost his family ?
Mr. BARRY. I do not say he was, except in-
a business point of view. My sympathies with
him are as profound as those of any other mem-
ber.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Orr; and it was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is now upon
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Olds.]
Mr. OLDS demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Caskie and Wheeler were
appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes eighty-two, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I am instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to offer the
following amendment.
The amendment was then read by the Clerk, as
follows:
Sec. 3. Jtnd he it further enacted, That the following
sums be, and the same are hereby, appropriated to supply
deficiencies m the appropriations lor the service of the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June,18"5,ontof any moneys
in the Treasury not oitiei wise appropriated, namelv:
For the transportation of the mails from New York to
Liverpool nnd back, $550,238 75.
For ihe tiansportati m of the mails from New York to
New Oiieans and Charleston, Savannah, Havana, Chagres,
and back. S2iU,378 at.
Foi tbo tiasportation of the mails from Panama to Cal-
iforma and Oregon ami back,$349,2-12 02.
Sec. 4. Jlnil le it further enacted, That the following
sums be, and the same arc hereby, appropriated for the ser-
vice of the I>o-t Office Department for the year minis? the
3<Ji!i of June. 185.), out of any moneys in the Ireamry
arising lroiil the revenues of said Department m conlorm-
lty to the act of the 2d of July, 1846 :
For the transportation of the mails, in two steamships,
from New York, by Southampton, to ISremen and back, at
$100,000 for each ship ; and m two steamships from New
York, by Cowes, to Havre and back, at $75,000 for each
