782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
shin, under the contract with the Ocean Steam Navigation
Company of New York, $350,000.
For the transportation of the mails between Charleston
ami Havana, under the contract with M. C. Mordecai,
£50,000.
For the transportation of the mails across the Isthmus of
Panama, <$8."),314.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. It will be observed
by the committee that the appropriations fall short
of the whole annual amount of the service, and
the reason why I offer this amendment is, that
there is an unexpended balance in the Treasury
which, to the extent it would go, is appropriated
for that purpose.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Breck-
inridge's amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. DISNEY. I now offer the amendment
■which I indicated I would offer awhile since.
The amendment was then read by the Clerk,
as follows:
And the Postmaster General is hereby authorized, upon
patisfactory security being furnished for us faithful execu-
tion, to enter into a contract with Christian Hansen, of the
city of Brooklyn, for the transportation of the mails of the
United States, to commence with the expiration of the
present contracts with the Bremen and Havre lines, in four
steauitrs or propellers, of not less than two thousand tons
burden each, from the city of Brooklyn, in the State of New
Yoik, twice a month, via Plymouth,in England, Antwerp,
Unite)dam, to Gilickstadt, on thenvei Elbe, near Hamburg.
Tim times of departure to be fixed as the Postmaster Gen-
eral shall direct. The said steamers to be built under the
direction and supervi.-ion of the Secretary of the Navy,
and the n* ht to purchase them at a price to be fixed by
valuation fchall be reseiveu to the United States, and as a
consideiation for the tianpporiaiion of the mails as herein
provided, the Postmaster General is hereby authorized to
contract to pay the said Christian Hansen, the sum of
£J5o,Ci00 per annum, or $14,<91 per round trip, payable
quarterly.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I make the point
of order that there is no law authorizing the ap-
propriation contemplated by the gentleman in his
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides, under
the 61st rule, that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. WALBPJDGE. I move that the commit-
tee rise and leport the bill.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly House bill (No. 505)^
making appropriation for the transportation ot
the United States mail, by ocean steamers and
otherwise, during the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1856, which they had directed him to
report to the House with two amendments.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I demand the pre-
vious question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be now
P°Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to inquire of the
Speaker, whether, under the rules, this bill will
come up in the morning, if the House now ad-
journs? ' , ,
The SPEAKER. The main question has been
ordered to lie now put, and the Chair thinks it
wiil be the first business in order in the morning.
The question was then put upon the motion to
adjourn; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly, at twenty minutes
past four, adjourned untii to-inorrow at twehe
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
SatuiiBay, February 17, 1853.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The President pro tempore laid before the Senate
a message of the President of the United States,
in answer to a resolution of the Senate of Decem-
ber 11, 1854, asking for copies of correspondence
relative to the late difficulties between the consul of
the French Government at San Francisco and the
Federal authorities in the Stateof California; which
was ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of'the Treasuiy,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate of
the 10th instant, calling for a statement of the
amounts of silver purchased for recomage; also,
the reasons for the difference of the prices paid at
Philadelphia and New Orleans for the silver re-
coined; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, all the original papers, including a
report of the Commissioner of Customs, in rela-
tion to the claim of Gibbons and Kelly, contractors
for building light-houses in Oregon and California;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of the
Minnesota and Northwestern Railroad Company,
praying that the joint resolution of the House of
Representatives, now before the Senate, disap-
proving the act of the'Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Minnesota, incorporating that com-
pany, may be rejected by the Senate; which was
referred to the Committee on Territories.
Also, documents in relation to the claim of
Jesse Posey, a soldier in thelatewarwithMexico,
to a pension; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of citizens
of Alton, Illinois, praying that a pension may be
allowed William Young, who was wounded in
firing a salute in honor of ex-President Fillmore,
on the occasion of his visit to that city; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Illinois,
against the renewal of patents heretofore granted
to Cyrus H. McCormick, Obed Hussey, and
Moore & Hascall, for improvements in mowing
and reaping machines; which was ordered lo lie oil
the table.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of Iowa, praying the establishment of a
mail route from McGregor's Landing to Inde-
pendence, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying the immediate repeal of |
the fugitive slave law; which was ordered to lie j
on the table.
Also, apetition of electors of Y/orcester, Mas-
sachusetts, praying that no State may hereafter be
admitted into the Union whose constitution does
not expressly prohibit slavery therein; which was
ordered to he on the table.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a resolution
of the Legislature of Iowa in favor of an appro-
priation to compensate the citizens of Iowa who
were called into service by the Governor thereof .
to repel a threatened invasion of that Territory by ,
the people of Missouri; which was referred to the ;
Committee on Military Affairs. _ j
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Iowa, >
in favor of the establishment of a mail route from
Bear Grove to Council Bluffs,and additional mail [
facilities from Fort Des Moines to Council BluiTs; ,
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. . j
Also, a petition of citizens of Iowa, praying the ,
establishment of a mail route from Elkader to In- j
dependence, in that State; which was referred to ;
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. <
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Iowa m ,
favor of reducing the rates of ucear) postage;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post •
Office and Post Roads. _ |
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of low i i
ill favor of the establishment of a regular line of 1
steamers, to be employed in the trade between the !
United States and the coast of Africa; which was j
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Iowa I
against the renewal of the patents of McCormick,
Hussey, and Moore & Hascall for improvements j
in mowing and reaping machines; which was j
referred to the Committee on Patents and the (
Patent Office. j
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Iowa
concerning the protection of settlers and emigrants
between the Mississippi valley and the Pacific
ocean, including the establishment of postal and
telegraphic communications across tne American
continent; which were (jrdered to lie on the 'able.
Also, a memorial of the General Assembly of
Iowa, praying that the duties on sugar and mo-
lasses may be abolished; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Also, a memorial of the General Assembly of
Iowa, praying the construction of a railroad be-
tween the States bordering on the Mississippi
river and Pacific ocean; which was ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
Also, an additional document in relation to the
petition of Orson Young; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions. _
Also, a memorial adopted at a meeting of citi-
zens of Keokuk, Iowa, praying that ten thou-
sand acres of the public lands may be set apart
for the purpose of colonization on scientific and
equitable principles; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CLAYTON presented six petitions of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying an appropriation
for the erection of a building for the post office,
custom-house, and United States Courts in the
city of Philadelphia; which were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented four petitions of
citizens of Pennsylvania, prayingan appropriation
for the erection of a building for the post office,
custom-house, and United States courts in the
city of Philadelphia; which were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. COOPER, it was
Ordered, That .lames A. Glanding have leave to with-
draw lils petition and papers.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I desire to
withdraw from the files of the Senate the petition
and papers of Elizabeth V. Drane.
The PRESIDENT. Has there been an ad-
verse report upon them ?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. There has
been.
The PRESIDENT. Then it is against the rule
to withdraw them without some reason for it.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. The peti-
tioner wishes the*m for her own use.
Mr. MASON. The rule, I understand, is, that
when an adverse report has been made, the papers
cannot be withdrawn unless some proper reason
be assigned for it.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was recommitted Senate bill No.
524, with instructions to report a bill with specific
appropriations for the several harbors or other
works on the lakes mentioned in the above bill, for
which, in their judgment, appropriations should
be made, reported a bill making appropriations for
the improvement of certain harbors on the north-
ern lakeE; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and made the special order for Monday-
next, at one o'clock.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration, for the
reason that they were embraced in the bill he had
just reported for the improvement of certain har-
bors on the lakes;
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Conneaut, Ohio;
A bill to continue the improvement of the harbor
of Ashtabula, Ohio;
A bill to continue the improvement of the harbor
of Fairport, Ohio;
A bill to continue the improvement of the harbor
of Cleveland, Ohio;
A bill to continue the improvement of the harbor
of Huron, Ohio;
A bill to continue the improvement of the harbor
at the mouth of the Black river, Ohio;
A oill to continue the improvement of the harbor
of Sandusky City, Ohio;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Dunkirk, New York, on Lake Erie;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Oswego, New York, on Lake Ontario;
A bill making an appropriation for a steam
dredge on Lake Ontario;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor at the mouth of Oak Orchard Creek, New
| York, on Lake Ontario;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Buffalo, New York, on Lake Erie; ^
A bill for continuing the" improvement of the
,, harbor of Sodus Bay, Wayne county, NewYork,
it en Lake Ontario; and
It A bill for continuing the improvement of the
