1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
WB
harbor of Sodus Bay, Cayuga county, New York,
on Lake Ontario.
He also, from the Committee on Public Lands,
to whom was referred the petition of James Har-
per and Robert W. Harper, praying that a law
may be passed authorizing the State of Virginia
to pay her revolutionary officers as those of the
Continental line, submitted an adverse report
thereon; which was agreed to, and. ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Pi-
nance, to whom was referred the amendment of
the House to the second amendment of the Senate
to the bill of the House making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States for the year ending 30th of June,
1856, recommended that the Senate concur there-
in.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred
a bill to aid in the transportation of the mails,
reported it back with an amendment in the form
of a substitute.
He also, from the Committee on Pensions, to
whom was referred the petition of Thomas H.
Bingham, son of Ralph Bingham, a soldier of the
Revolution, praying remuneration for the services
and sufferings of his deceased father, and losses
sustained on account of the depreciated currency
in which his pension was paid, submitted an ad-
verse report thereon; which was agreed to, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ALLEN,from theCommitteeon Pensions,
to whom were referred documents in relation to
the claim of the heirs of Stephen Morrill, to the
pension due their father, together with a bill for
that purpose, submitted an adverse report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred a bill from the
House making an appropriation for.military de-
fenses at Proctor's Landing, in Louisiana, re-
ported it back, without amendment.*
Mr. SEIDELL, from theCommitteeon Foreign
Relations, to whom were referred additional do-
cuments in the case of Robert M. Hamilton, who
claims compensation for diplomatic services while
United States consul at Montevideo, submitted an
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred a bill for
the relief of the heirs and legal representatives of
Pierre Cazelan, deceased, reported it back with-
out amendment, together with a report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of Cephise Piseros, widow of
Louis Labranche, praying the confirmation of her
title to a certain tract of land, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for the relief of Cephise
Piseros, widow of Louis Labranche, of theparish
of St. Charles and State of Louisiana, which was
read, and passed to a second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GW1N, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Charles J. Swelt, praying compensation as purser
during the time he acted as such on board the San
Jacinto, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for his relief; -which was read, and passed to
a- second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TOUCEY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill to protect officers and
other persons acting under the authority of the
United States; which was read a first and second
time by its title.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to sell revenue cutters Ingham and
Harrison, and to build or purchase four other
small boats for the revenue service of the lakes;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom were referred the amendments of
the House of Representatives to the bill to pro-
mote the efficiency of the Navy, together with the
amendment proposed thereto by Mr. Phatt, re-
ported in favor of concurring; in the amendments
of the House of Representatives.
SURVEY OF RED RIVER.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to fur-
nish to the Senate the report of Colonel Fuiier, of his late
survey of the Red river, in the region of the raft, with the
accompanying map.
CONVICT AND PAUPER IMMIGRATION.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution for consideration:
Whereas, the Constitution of the United States confers
on Congress the power to establish a uniform mlc of natu-
ralization, and is silent as to the exercise of any power over
the subject of immigration : And whereas, it is declared in
the Constitution that all powers not delegated to the United
States by the Constitution, nor prohibited to the States by
it, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people:
Therefore—
Resolved, That Congress has no power to pass any law
regulating nr controlling immigration into any of the States
or Territories of tins Union. But that the power to pre-
scribe such rules and logulations touching this subject as
may bfi deemed necessary to the'safety and happiness of the
people, belongs to the States respectively, or the people:
And that each State may determine tor itself the evils result-
ing from the great influx of criminal and paufier immigra-
tion to this country,and applysueh remedy as their wisdom
may suggest, or their safety demand.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. SEWARD asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a joint
resolution, authorizing the Secretaryof theTreas-
ury to settle the claim of Alfred G. Benson, on
the principle of equity and justice; which, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
MAIL STEAMER APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McICean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that they had passed a bill making
appropriations for the transportation of the United
States mail by ocean steamers and otherwise, for
the fiscal years ending June 30,1855, and June 30,
1856.
STEAMER FANNY FERN.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred the
memorial of William W. Martin, asking for the
passage of an act to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to change the name of a certain ves-
sel therein named, to report a bill to change the
name of the American-built steamer Fanny Fern
to that of Thomas H. Stuart, and ask for its im-
mediate consideration.
The bill was read twice, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The steamer was wrecked by a collision, was
abandoned by her owners to the underwriters, and
has been purchased and is now owned by William
W. Martin, of Alleghany county, Pennsylvania.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
admit her to register under the new name.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONERS.
Mr. .TONES, of Iowa. I am instructed by the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred a
resolution on the subject, to report a bill for the
furtherreliefof thesurvivingofiicers, non-commis-
sioned officers, soldiers, and seamen, who served
in the war of the Revolution.
The bill was read by its title.
Mr. CASS. I hope it will be read a second
time and considered now. There can be no ob-
jection to it. It is a bill which simply provides
that every revolutionary officer or soldier now
living, who is upon the pension roll at a pension
of less than §100 per annum, shall receive that
sum. I do not suppose that a voice can be raised
against it m the Senate. It is founded upon letters
which I have received from one or two individuals,
poor old pensioners of ninety-two and ninety-
three years of age, who are now compelled to sub-
sist on the means of others.
Mr. HAMLIN. I shall interpose no objection
to the passage of that bill; but I do ask thatitmay
not be finally considered now,and for this reason:
there is a class of widows of those who served in
the revolutionary war, who are entitled to a com-
pensation equally with these persons. An amend-
ment is pending upon the pension appropriation
bill to meet their case. The Committee on Finance
have, this morning, reported a recommendation to
concur with the House in rejecting that amend-
ment. Now, if the Senate should see fit to do
that, I propose to add that amendment to this bill.
I have not prepared it, but I will have it ready on
Monday morning. If the bill then comes up, I
shall interpose no objection to it. - \
The bill was read a second-time; and its further
consideration postponed until Monday next. '
PERSONAL EXPLANATION. , -
Mr. CASS. I desire to give notice that on Mon-
day, I shall ask the indulgence of the Senate to
make som« explanations which may perhaps be
considered as personal. The Senate will reeolleet
that during the last session, I called its attention
to a declaration made by the British Secretary of
State for Foreign Affairs, in the House of Lords,
that a union had been formed between France and
England that looked to every question of policy
through the world. Since then, and recently, a
statement has appeared in the public papers pur-
porting to be, and I have no doubt it is, by the
authority of Lord Clarendon, denying that the
true construction was put upon his words, and
condemning, pretty severely, the course I pursued.
I now repeat, that on Monday I shall ask the in-
dulgence of the Senate to make some remarks upon
the subject.
ANTONY WALTER BAYARD.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I am instructed by the
Committee on Pensions to report favorably on the
bill of the House increasing the pension of An-
tony Walter Bayard, of Bellefonte,in theState of
Pennsylvania.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The man for whose relief
that bill is recommended saved General Taylor's
life and his command at Fort Harrison. He was
one of two or three men who volunteered their ser-
vices to extinguish afire of an outbuilding that had
been fired by the enemy. His companions weie
at once shot down, and himself wounded, but he
succeeded. I hope the Senate will consider the
bill now.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
considered the bill. It raises the amount which
the pensioner now receives from eight dollars to
twenty-dollars a month; the increase to commence
from the 1st January 1852, and to continue during
life.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate, and ordered to a third
reading. It was read the third time, and passed.
NEW ORLEANS CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce, Co whom wasreferred the
joint resolution in relation to the New Orleans cus-
tom-house, to report it back without amendment,
recommend its passage, and ask for its immediate
consideration.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, considered
the joint resolution as in Committee of the Whole.
It will give authority to the Secretary of the
Treasury to make such a change in the mode of
constructing the New Orleans custom-house as
will be best, in hisjudgment, to lighten the founda-
tions from the great weight of the superstructure.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
EFFICIENCY OF THE NAVY.
Mr. MALLORY, from theCommitteeon'Naval
Affairs, reported the amendments ofthe House to
the bill to promote the efficiency of the Navy, and
asked the Senate to act upon them now,but at the
earnest desire of gentlemen who wished to go
through with other business, he withdrew his mo-
tion.
INVALID PENSION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move that the Senate
take up and consider the amendment of the
House to our amendment to the bill making appro-
priations for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States, for the year ending
June 30, 1856. There is but one question pre-
sented which, I think, we can very soon decide.
The motion was agreed to.
The Senate passed the bill on the 20th of De-
cember last, with three amendments. The first
was to add:
Sec. 2. Jlni be it further enacted, That any moneys
appropriated by the act of 31st of May, 1S54, to supply
deficiencies for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1854, applicable to the payment of pensions of invalids
who were wounded on board private-armed vessels during
