THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d i
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1855.
New Series....No. 50.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Brainerd, Bright, Dodge of
Wi.-'connn. Dodgo of Iowa, Douglas, Foot, Gvvin, Ilamhn,
Jones of Iowa, Pratt, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Slidell, Stu-
art, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of JNcw Jersey,
Toucey, W«de, and Weller—21.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
DUTIES ON RAILROAD IRON.
On motion by Mr. CLAY, the Senate, as in
Committer of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the bill granting to railroad companies
three years in which to pay the duties on iron im-
ported for railroad purposes.
~/ir, CLAY. Although I intimated the other
day an intention to address the Senate in support
of this bill, I have determined, on consultation
with its friends, not to do so, unless it shall be-
come necessary in reply to something that may be
said on the other side. I am so anxious to have
the bill acted on that I shall forbear making any
remarks in this stage of its progress.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, I had hoped
that this measure would not be pressed upon the
Senateat this time. There are now but two weeks
of the session remaining; and it is known to you,
sir, and to every member of the Senate, that there
is a large amount of the current business yet to be
done; and if the subject involved in the bill row
pending should undergo that discussion to which
its importance entitles it, very much of the residue
of our time would be consumed, it is not, how-
ever, merely on this account that I think the bill
has been introduced atan improper season; but at
this very moment the interest which this bill is
calculated to affect most deeply, is far from being
in a prosperous condition. Tt is true, that not
many months ago, owing to peculiar circum-
stances here and abroad, iron reached a price
which made the business of its manufacture in this
country flourishing and prosperous. Previously
to that time, however, that interest had been com-
pletely prostrated, and a large portion of the man-
ufacturing establishments of the country had been
■compelled to cease operations under the severe
pressure of the times. A temporary season, a
very short one, succeeded, during which, as 1 have
just remarked, there was prosperity; prices rose,
and all over the country furnaces, founderies,
forges, and rolling mills were established, and the
production promised to be much larger in future
years than it had been in the years which were
past. Everybody acquainted with the laws of
trade felt assured that this increase in the amount
of production would be followed by a decrease in
the price of the article. But, sir, that season of
prosperity continued only a short time. Other cir-
cumstances, adverse to this interest, succeeded, and
nowa^ainitis groaning under a pressure which
has driven out of operation those establishments
whose owners were men of moderate means, leav-
ing only the larger establishments, those con-
trolled by men of large capital, to furnish the iron
necessary for the consumption of the country.
Mr. President, for more than twenty years past
the whole system of our congressional legislation
(if that can be called a system which never was
systematic) in relation to the imposition of duties
on fabrics of foreign manufacture, and especially
such as come into competition with our own do-
mestic fabrics, has been radically wrong, calcu-
. lated, for the most part, to retard the progress of
home industry, and often to lay it prostrate at the
feet of its foreign rivals. That this has been the
effect of our legislation in regard to iron 1 shall
attempt briefly to show; and, at the same time, it
will be my own fault if I do not prove that this
course of legislation, so prejudicial to the manu-
turer of iron, has been detrimental, in the mam, to
the consumer also.
As a general rule, Mr. President, no proposi-
tion is truer than that frequent changes of legisla-
tion, on any subject, are mischievous; and this is
true of changes in civil as well as political legisla-
tion. Frequent changes of legislation, either for
prescribing the duties, defining the rights, or re-
dressing the wrongs of individuals, argue a want
of wisdom, stability, and forecast in the Legisla-
ture, and result in breeding contempt for the
50
authority of its enactments. And besides this, a
frequent change of laws renders it impossible for
the people to be familiar with their requirements,
or to respect them as unchangeable rules of action
demanding their observance. And equally in-
jurious are similar changes of that class of laws
whibh affect, directly or indirectly, their pursuits
and occupations. Nothing is more detrimental to
the interests of labor than to invite it, by legisla-
tion, into-a particular channel, and then to pros-
trate it by abandoning it to a competition which,
owing to circumstances, it cannot endure. Yet for
more than twenty years this has been the course of
congressional legislation in respect to many of the
branches of American industry; and none of them
has suffered from it more than the manufacture of
iron.
I will not go back, Mr. President, to the com-
mencement of what was, at the time, designed to
be a system of protection to such branches of our
own industry as were considered of prime neces-
sity, and which were subject to a disastrous com-
petition from abroad. Ic will be enough for my
present purpose to state, that prior to the enact-
ment of the "compromise" of 1833, Congress
had passed laws to encourage various branches of
our infant industry, which were utrugghng against
foreign competition. Under the encouraging au-
spices of this policy, a large amount of capital
was invented in establishments for the manufac-
ture of a great variety of necessary fabrics. In-
vestments of this kind were remunerative as long
as the policy of protection waa pursued, and under
this policy the country became prosperous. Not
only did those branches of industry which were
the immediate objects of Government protection
feel the quickening and salutary influence of this
policy, but other pursuits, not within its immedi-
ate range, grew and prospered under it. Its ben-
efits were general und multifarious. It diffused
widely throughout the country a spirit of mechan-
ical and manufacturing enterprise. The absurd
notion that our " work-shops should be located in
Europe," and that our true vocation was agricul-
ture and commerce, was exploded. The skill of
our artisans was improved, and their ingenuity in
the construction of machinery for labor-saving
purposes, astonishingly developed.
It was, sir, under the influence of this policy,
that the rivalry m skill between the American and
foreign mechanic and manufacturer sprung into
existence—a rivalry which promises, ere long, if
properly cherished, to end in the admitted superi-
ority of American skill and ingenuity. Jtisowwg,
too, to this policy, vacillating and changeful though
it has been, that we owe our independence of
foreign nations for those fabrics so essentia] to our
prosperity in peace, and our security and success
m war.
But, sir, while we owe to this policy the devel-
opment of our skill in mechanical and manufac-
turing pursuits, and a large share of the general
prosperity of the country, its frequent changes,
and occasional abandonment, have been fruitful in
producing some of the most serious embarrass-
ments and disasters, which have occurred in the
whole course of our nation*.! experience.
Before the passage of the compromise act of
1833, on the faith of existing laws for the protec-
tion of ourdomestic industry, avery large amount
of capital had been invested m building furnaces,
forges, woolen mills, cotton factories, glass works,
and in the manufacture of steam engines, edge
tool*, nails, and other articles, for most of which
we had been previously, m a great degree, depend-
ent on foreign countries. These establishments
were planted all over the country, everywhere
withdrawing men from other pursuits, and creating
new and convenient markets, not only for the
grain and meat, the principal articles which the
farmer sells in a distant market, but likewise for
all the surplus commodities of the farm, the dairy
and the garden, the profits of which are lost in the
absence of a domestic market in which to sell them.
The capital invested in these enterprises, directed
by the untiring energy and skill, characteristic of
our countrymen, soon began to be remunerative,
though at first it was generally otherwise; and
the influence of these enterprises, even when un-
fortunate themselves, being communicated to other
departments of business and industry, gave.an
impulse to the useful arts which, notwithstanding
the checks and drawbacks to which they have
been subjected by unwise legislation, has carried
them forward with a rapidity, unexampled in the
history of industrial progress. The prosperity of
the whole country, every branch of its business
was promoted by the policy of protection; and
the existence of a complete harmony of interests,
in all the departments of industry, was clearly
developed Trade, commerce, agriculture, and
the mechanic arts, all felt its enlivening and stim-
ulating influences, and all were rendered pros-
perous.
But this prosperity, so universal, did not long
endure. The compromise of 1833 came to mar
it, and blast the prospects of thousands and tens
of thousands of those who had embarked their
fortunes and labor in enterprises which had grown
up under the policy repudiated by this mischievous
compromise.
It is true, Mr. President, that the reduction of
duties under this act was gradual; buta blow was
struck at the former policy, and a time fixed when
a horizontal rate of duties, entirely inadequate
to the wants of our infant establishment, should
take the place of the old one. Discrimination was
repudiated, and notice given by Government to
domestic labor that it should look to it for a help-
ing hand no longer. Thenceforth it was to strug-
gle alone against foreign competition and a skill
which centuries of practice had developed and
perfected.
This policy, by which discrimination in favor
of American labor was repudiated, had scarcely
been adopted before a change was everywhere
visible. Its first effect was the destruction of con-
fidence. Although the reduction of duties was
gradual, the end could be seen from the beginning;
and the day was known in advance, when a level
rate of twenty per cent, duties on the ai valorem
principle would take the place of the discriminated
j duties imposed by former acts. The consequence
! of this was, what was to be expected. Capital,
1 instead of seeking investment m manufacturing
and mechanical enterprises, began to be with-
drawn from then), either to lie idle or be invested
in lands, and thus to swell the amount of agri-
cultural products, at the tame time that the mar-
kets in which they were lo be sold were being
destroyed. This, sir, was the effect of the policy
of the act of 1833; it was the effect, as 1 shall
show, of the act of-1846; and it will be theeffect
of the measure now proposed, if it should become
a law.
From 1833 until 1842, when the declining scale
of duties, adopted by the act of the former year,
had run down to its lowest notch, the decline of
| the prosperity of the country was constant; and
for two or three years previous to the enactment
of the tariff law of 1842, was rapid and disastrous.
And, sir, it is well to remember, at this conjunct-
ure, that manufacturing and mechanical industry
did not suffer and fall alone. The prostration
was general, embracing the whole countiy, and
all its interests. Agriculture, and commerce, and
the various branches of manufacturing and me-
chanical industry fell side by side.
I am not unaware, Mr. President, that between
the two periods to which 1 have referred, (1833
and 1842,) there was a season of activity and
apparent prosperity in many departments of busi-
ness. But this activity and apparent prosperity
had their rise in causes entirely independent of
our revenue system. The deposits had been
withdrawn from the old Bank of the United States,
and placed, for safe-keeping, in State banks, which
were invited to extend their discount facilities as
widely as possible. The result of this policy was,
to multiply State banks by hundreds. Politicians
in the different States, hoping to be able to con-
trol the Government deposits, and banks without
capital of their own, sought and obtained charters
everywhere; and, the consequence was, & flood of
