786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
paper money, which entirely unsettled the value of
property, and begot a spirit of speculation, which
in a short time ended in the ruin of most of those
who were drawn into its devouring vortex.
But, sir, although fortunes may have been made
whilst the period of wild speculation which fol-
lowed the extension of the banking system lasted,
there was no sound prosperity during the nine
years which intervened between 1833 and 1842.
Every branch of industry declined during this
period, and the decline became more rapid as the
duties became lower and lower. In my own State,
between the latter part of 1839 and the early part
of 1842, more than one third of the furnaces and
forges had extinguished their fires and discharged
their hands, who were forced to betake themselves
to new employments, with which they were unac-
quainted, in order to earn their bread. But to
assume that the manufacturer of iron was the only
sufferer, or that the blow struck by the compro-
mise fell upon him alone, would be to conclude
rashly. Tiie mischief wrought by that measure
had a much wider sweep. It embraced all of the
departments of industry, and, while it almost
beggared thousands of people, it extended, like-
wise, to the Government, destroying its credit,
and tendering it almost bankrupt.
You recollect, Mr. President—we all recollect—
that the country, from one end to the other, W8s
languishing, the Treasury of the nation empty,
our creditors clamorous, while the public credit
had fallen so low that we could scarcely borrow
a dollar, either at home orabroad. You have not
forgotten, none of us have forgotten, that an agent
was sent abroad by the President for the purpose
of making a loan; and that, after having hawked
the bonds of the Government through the streets
of the many capitals of Europe, he returned as
empty-handed as he went. Here were the fruits
of the policy of the act of 1833; and the fruits of
every repetition of it will be the same.
Such as I have represented was the state of the
country in 1842. Distress and bankruptcy pre-
vailed throughout its length and breadth. Trade,
and commerce, and agriculture, and industry of
all kinds were languishing or prostrate. There
was no life, no vitality, no energy apparent in any
of the departments of business. Wages were
low, though many foreign products were high.
The markets, which the furnaces, forges, fouwd-
eries", cotton factories, and workshops of various
kinds had furnished to the farmer were, in a great
measure destroyed; and the potato-rot, and fam-
ine consequent upon it, had not come, as it did, a
few years later, to supply him with a foreign
market for his surplus products.
At this period Congress saiw fit to retrace its
steps; and once more, in providing revenue for
the Government by the imposition of duties on
foreign fabrics, it discriminated in favor of the
domestic manufacturer and mechanic. The tariff
act of 1842 was passed, and by it our own labor
was protected against what had been found to be
the ruinous effect of the competition of the less
than half-paid, half-starved,and holf-clad laborers
of Europe. And what, sir, was the effect of this
legislation ? Confidence was immediately restored;
the empty coffers of the Government were filled;
the prostrate branches of industry were set upon
their feet; and prosperity once more returned to
smile upon the country. The influence of this
measure, like the sunshine and rain, descended ,
upon the land to bless it and_ render it fruitful;!
and the change produced by it was instant and j
everywhere manifest. It was visible in the fields, j
in the factories, in the work-shops. It was to be j
seen in the schools, in the churches and in the
countenances of the people, from which the gloom :
of despondency had been chased by the smile of j
restored confidence and renewed prosperity.
In rny own State the influence of the tariff act j
of 1842 was almost magical. In the course of a
very few months the fires were rekindled on the
hearths of the furnaces, and the scattered work-
men recalled to take their places around them.
New furnaces and forges were built. Cotton and
woolen factories sprung up in all the considerable
towns. Our coal lands were developed, the mines
opened, and that great branch of our industry ex-
tended far beyond all the anticipations of the ^®t
sanguine of those who had embarked in it. The
wages of labor were increased, and all kinds ofin-
dest. y bccome remunerative. And whom did the
policy wh'ch had produced such effects injure,
and why was it repealed ? It injured nobody, and
was repealed for no other reason, Mr. President,
than because it was for a time the watchword of
a,party—of a party in the minority, but a party
whose principles, if they had been uniformly and
honestly carried into practice, would have com-
mended them to the majority of the people.
By what 1 have said ,1 do not mean to be under-
stood that theactof 1842 was perfect,and without
need of modification in the future. The work of
human hands is never perfect, and less frequently,
perhaps, is there perfection m the work of their
heads. All I mean to say is, that its general effect
was most salutary in restoring the prosperify of
the country, in developing its industry, in increas-
ing the skill of our workmen, and enabling them j
to compete successfully with those of foreign coun- '
tries. In these respects its influence was undeni-
ably salutary and beneficial. But that a day might
come, and, perhaps, had come, at the time of its
repeal, for modifications in some of its provisions,
1 do not intend to deny; and that some of the
duties imposed by it were higher than necessary
1 am ready to admit. But that its repeal was
called for, or that there was any necessity that it
should be replaced by an act changing the system
of specificfor ail valorem duties, I cannot concede;
and the operation of the act of 1846 will bear me
out in declaring that the change was unwise and
injurious.
1 need not state, Mr. President, that the ad
valorem system of duties not only opens a door to
the perpetration of frauds, but affords likewise
the least protection to the domestic manufacturer
when mast it is necessary. Take the article of iron
for illustration: Two years ago, iron had fallen in
England to some $22 per ton, the duty being but
$6 GO per ton, when a large duty was necessary
to protect the manufacturer in this country, and
keep up the needful degree of competition. But
a little while since the price of iron abroad had
become so high that no piotection was necessary
to enable the domestic manufacturer to compete
successfully with the foreign; yet the duty rising
in proportion to the price had become so high as
to be nearly prohibitory. Thus it will be seen
that the ad valorem system is calculated to produce
fluctuation in prices, and to reduce the rate of
duties at the very time that sound policy would
increase them; and vice veisa. It is tor this,
amongst other reasons, that the ad valorem system
has been repudiated by commercial nations every-
where.
But I may be told that the high prices and high
duties which existed a few months ago, afford an
argument in favor of the measure which is now
pending. But this is an argument which can have
no force with statesmen, who ought never to legis-
late on an accidental state of facts. In legislating
on such a subject as this we should not act in ref-
erence to a single point of time, nor be governed
by what might have been deemed the necessities
of a moment. We should look at the subject as
it has existed, or as it is likely to exist, through
a course of years, and make provision accord-
ingly. For much the greater portion of the time
since the passage of the act of 1846, the duty has
been entirely inadequate to the protection of the
American manufacturer. Yet, without regard to
what has been the general range of the rate of
duty, we undertake, because for a moment it may
have been too high, to repeal, reduce, or suspend
it. Is this, permit me to ask, either just or states-
manlike?
Sir, under the act of 1846, the just complaint is,
net that duties have been too high, but that both
prices and duties have been- ruinously low. For
two or three years after the passage of that act, a
state of circumstances entirely independent of it,
prevented its worst effects from being felt. ^ Pre-
vious to the time of its passage the public mind of
Europe had embraced, with great ardor, the policy
of uniting the commercial points of the continent
by a system of railroads. Surveys were made,
roads located, and contracts entered into for their
construction between most of the large cities on
the continent. Under this state of things the de-
mand for iron was greatly increased, and the price
correspondingly enhanced; and for a while the
demand in Europe served to keep up the price here,
and prevent the effects of the act of 1846 from being
felt in all their force. But when the revolutions
came, and works of internal improvement were
abandoned on the continent of Europe, England
was compelled to send to her old customer, the
United States, the whole of her vast surplus, glut-
ting the market, and breaking down our manufac-
turing establishments by the ruinous lowness of
the price at which she could afford to sell it. And,
Mr. President, although the prices at which iron
was sold in this country, by the foreign manu-
facturer, between 1849 and the beginning of 1853,
were lower than even his cheap capital and cheaper
labor warranted him in receiving, we are not, there-
fore, to infer that he found himself out of pocket
at the end of the year. It was but the surplus,
which was not consumed at home, that was sold
here at a price below the cost with the duty added.
For the bulk of his production, which was dis-
posed of at home, he received remunerating prices,
and was thus enabled to send us his surplus ai
rates so ruinously low. And this, sir, was done
upon calculation, with the view to break down our
manufacturers, and leave to himself a clear field,
without competition for the future. And in this
he was successful; and would have been still more
so, had it not been for the intervention of unlooked-
for circumstances, to which I shall advert pres-
ently.
Mr. President, I know it may be said that
prices are regulated by fixed and constantly oper-
ating laws of trade. And this I admit to be
mainly true. But it is not always true, and espe-
cially not in regard to the iron trade in England.
There, by means of associations, embracing all
the manufacturers of the United Kingdom, arbi-
trary prices are often fixed, and adhered to with a
pertinacity which is marvelous. These associa-
tions regulate not only the home price and the
foreign price, but likewise the quantity to be pro-
duced; and through their supervising instrument-
ality, and for the purpose of breaking down the
competition of our own manufactures, they favor
us with the surplus of their productions at rates
below the cost. But for the low rates at which
they are willing to furnish us for a season, they
expect to indemnify themselves by high prices
afterwards, and in this they have succeeded.
I now come, Mr. President, to speak of the
period when the act of 1846 began to produce its
full effects upon the manufacturer in this country.
For a time, as 1 have stated, this effect was mate-
rially mitigated, or rather postponed, by the con-
dition of things in Europe. But as soon as the
spirit of railroad enterprise, which for several
years amounted almost to a mania in Europe, had
subsided, or given way to the more absorbing
spirit of revolution, the legitimate effects of that
act became visible here in the decline of manu-
facturing prosperity, the low prices of agricultural
products, and the diminution of the wages of
labor. From the latter part of 1848 until the
beginning of 1853, the downward progress of
manufacturing industry in this country was quite
as rapid asithad been in the corresponding period,
between the latter part of 1839 and the early part
of 1842; and the causes in both instances were pre-
cisely the same. During this period, very neatly,
or quite, half the furnaces and forges in Pennsyl-
vania blew out their fires. Scores of them weri
seized in execution and sold by the sheriff to sat-
isfy the indebtedness of their owners, contracted
in struggling against the competition of their for-
eign rivals. The workmen were without employ-
ment, and in some instances their families were
without bread. The distress wasgeneral; norwas
it limited to those who had been engaged in the
manufacture of iron alone. Other branches of
industry suffered along with it, though perhaps
in a less degree.
During the existence of this state of things-
Congress was memorialized by thousands of our
citizens to do somethingfor their relief. All classes
and trades united in the prayer preferred to Con-
gress in behalf of this most important branch of
Pennsylvania industry. But, sir, their prayer
was unheeded; and they were told that the act of
1846 would not be disturbed. Defeated in their
application, they struggled on, bearing up as well
as they could against the accumulating tide of
adversity and disaster, hoping, either that Con-
gress would reconsider its determination and afford
relief, or, that by some change of circumstances,
relief might reach them from some other source.
Congress was inexorable; but one of those strange
commercial revolutions which defy all the calcu-
lations both of the economist and statesman,
occurred to change for a time the previously exist-
