788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
the year 1852, the diminution intheamountof pro-
duction was rapid. Between these two dates nearly
one half of the furnaces and forges in my own State
ceased operation. The diminution in the quantity
produced was probably not quite so large, though
the disproportion between the number of furnaces
and forges ceasing operation, and the diminution
ft) the amount production, could not have been
great. I have seen no accurate tables of the
amount of iron produced in the country since 1850;
but at that time the production had fallen off nearly
a third, and that the decrease was quite as rapid
during the next eighteen months as it had been
during the previous two years, L have no doubt
whatever.
From this brief review, Mr. President, the
Senate will see that, under the low duties of the last
years of the compromise of 1833, the diminution
in the production of iron was rapid, and that it
affected the whole country injuriously, both in its
credit and industry. Under the act of 1842, which
afforded adequate protection to industrial pursuits,
the increase of production was large, and pros-
perity universal. The act of 1846 produced re-
sults similar to that of 1833; under it production
was rapidly diminished, and with diminished pro-
duction came low wages, low prices for agricul-
tural products, as aconsequenceof the destruction
of domestic markets. The general prostration
under the operation of the act of 1846 was not so
great as under the act of 1833, because the supply
of gold received from California came opportunely
to fill the vacuum which an adverse balance of
trade would have created in the precious metals,
and in the substantial circulating medium of the
country.
Now, Mr. President, in view of the facts which
I have grouped together, what is likely to be the
effect of the passage of the bill on your table ? Is
not the conclusion irresistible, that the returning
prosperity of the iron interest of the country, pro-
duced by the operation of the causes to which I
have adverted, will be checked by the adoption of
measure? There is, in my judgment, nothing
more certain than that the preparation which is now
being wade over the whole country to increase the
production will beat once abandoned. Men of
moderate means, who were broken down under
the operation of the act of 1846, before the inter-
vention in their favor of the circumstances which
lately produced so great a modification in its
effects, and who were about to recommence busi-
ness under the promise of better times, will be
compelled to desist if hostile legislation on the
part of Congress should be persevered in; and the
apprehension of this kind of legislation will pre-
vent many others from embarking their unem-
ployed capital in enterprises of this kind. This,
Mr. President, is no guess woik. It is founded
on information of the most reliable character, and
supported by the opinion of practical men in
various sections of the country.
In Pennsylvania, and elsewhere in the United
States, the manufacture of railroad iron is yet in
its infancy. Up to the year before last the pro-
duction was very limited; and even in that year
did not exceed, according to the best information
in my possession, seventy thousand tons, though
I have seen a different and higher estimate. But
during the present year, if legislation on the sub-
ject should be let alone, and there should be a
revival from the effect of bank and mercantile
failures, the amount of production will be greatly
increased. The table I hold in my hand is made
up from reliable data, and exhibits an increase
over my estimate for the year before last of eighty-
five thousand tons, or one hundred and sixty
thousand tons as the production of the whole year.
This table shows the number of tons, the amount
of pig iron consumed, the location of the various
mill-, and the quantity of the manufactured article
produced by them respectively.
Railroad Mi'Is, and their estimated production,
Montour Iron Works, Danville, Pa 18,000 tons.
Rough and Heady, Danville, Pa  4,000 «<
Lackawanna, Sorariton, Pa..   lb,(RKj
Phce'iix Iron Works PiiOBmxville, Pa.. 20,u0ll "
Safe H irbnr, Sat<> Harbor, Pa 15,' 00 "
Great Western, Brady's Bend, Pa 12-000 "
New Works, Pittsburg, Pa  5,t«iU "
Pottwille Iron YVorks, Pottsviilf\Pa  3 00)
Cambria Iron Works, Cambria, Pa 5,0 0
Trenton Works, Trenton, N. J     J5,000
Massachusetts Iron Works, Boston, Mass.... lo,uuu
Mt. Savage Iron Works, Mt. Savage, Md 
Richmond Mill, Richmond, Va.  5,000
Washington Rolling Mill, Wheeling, Va   5,000 tons.
Crescent Works, Wheeling, Va  5.000 "
New Mill, Portsmouth, Ohio.   5,000 "
160,000
Represented items in the production o/160,000 tons of Rail-
road Iron.
Pig Iron required—ton per ton of rails 213,333 tons.
Coal used 5± " " "  840,000 «
Iron Ore "  560.000 "
Limestone l| " " "  213^303  
Total number of tons raw material.
,.1,826,666
Several furnaces and mills for the manufacture
of railroad iron, about to be put into operation, if
circumstances should be favorable, have, to my own
knowledge, been omitted from the above list. But
if the contemplated measure should pass, several
of the works enumerated in the tabl^i^>hich I have
read will never go into operation. And, on the
other hand, if Congress should indicate a determ-
ination not to repeal or change the existing laws,
another year will see the amount estimated for this
increased a third; and in three or four years from
this time, if there should be a favorable change in
the times, that is, if money should become plenty,
the annual production will have arisen to half a
million of tons, and will go on increasing as the
demand increases.
But, sir, I repeat, that if this bill should pass,
and things abroad return to something like a nor-
mal state, the production in this country, instead
of increasing will be diminished, because, as I
have already stated, the suspension or reduction
of the existing duty will not only deter many of
those who are disposed to embark in this branch
of business from doh'g so, but will induce a cer-
tain class now engaged in it, men of limited means,
relying to some-extent upon credit, either to with-
draw from it, or materially curtail their operations.
That this will be the result of the adoption of this
measure, past experience, as well as a positive
j knowledge of existing facts, render entirely cer-
tain.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
at this point excuse me for asking him a question?
Mr. COOPER. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. As the honorable Senator
comes from the State of Pennsylvania, which is
deeply interested in this question, he has probably
made an estimate of the amount of duties which
will be remitted or suspended under this bill. I
wish to inquire if he can give us information as
to the effect of the bill upon the Treasury—the
amount of duties per annum which, under this bill,
will be withheld from the Treasury.
Mr. COOPER. 1 do not know exactly; nor do
I suppose it is possible to say what the amount
will be.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Judging from the experi-
ence of the past three years, it will be $12,000,000,
about $4,001),000 a year. This gives a bonus of
about $12,000,000.
Mr. COOPER. I can hardly think it is quite
so much as that, although 1 have seen some esti-
mate of the kind. I will state a few facts, from
which the Senator from New York will be able to j
form some estimate. The amount of railroad iron
manufactured in the United States during the last
year was about one hundred and fifty thousand
tons, as near as I can judge from the statements of
intelligent manufacturers in Pennsylvania. During
the same period, I believe, about one hundred
thousand tons were imported, and laid down.
From these two items the Senator from New York
can form some estimate of the amount of duties
which the bill will withhold from the Treasury.
Mr. CLAY. With the pei mission of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania 1 will correct him. I
have before me a statement made out by the Re-
gister of the Treasury, Mr. Bigger, showing that
two hundred and eighty-two thousand eight hun-
dred and sixty-six tons of railroad iron were
imported during the last year.
Mr. COOPER, Then my colleague is right in
the estimate which he has made. A duty of
thirty per cent, on two hundred and eighty thou-
sand tons would yield more than $4,000*000 a
year. But, sir, let me return to the point which
i was arguing.
Having shown, as f think I have done satisfac-
torily, that the passage of this bill will have no
tendency to increase the production of railroad
iron in Great Britain, and that it will necessarily
diminish its production here, is it likely that the
object of the advocates of the measure, which is a
reduction of price, will be attained? We have
seen that a principal regulator of the price of an
article is the state of supply and demand, and that,
as a general rule, the price falls as the supply in-
creases; and, as it is clear that the supply of the
article of iron will not be increased by the passage
of this act, it follows that the price will not be re-
duced, unless there be something in the existing
state of things to modify the rule to which I have
referred; and if there be any circumstance likely
to modify the operation of the general rule, it is
for the advocates of the measure to point it out.
To what good, then, will the act tend? What
effect will it produce? Why, sir, this, and this
alone: that the amount of duty removed or sus-
pended will be added to the profits of the foreign
manufacturer, without cheapening the article a
farthing to the consumer in this country. This
will be so in every case, except where the iron has
been purchased already. Of course, where this
is the case, a reduction of the duty will diminish
the cost to the consumer to that extent. Mr.
President, I am fully aware that the notion is very
prevalent, especially amongst a certain school of
political economists, that the imposition of a duty
upon any particular article, is always followed by
an increase of the price of the article to the con-
sumer. But this notion is far from being correct,
as experience has demonstrated in a hundred
instances.
1 am willing to admit that, if the imposition of
a duty on any specific article produced no modifi-
cation on the state of its supply at home or abroad;
had no effect upon the amount of its production,
or influence on its exchange between nations, this
notion might be correct. But, Mr. President, as
a general rule, the imposition of a duty does affect
its production and influence its movement commer-
cially. It operates in an hundred ways almost
unseen, or seen only by the closest observer; and
the modification produced on the article itself,
increasing or diminishing its production, according
to circumstances, causes it to act upon others,
which, in their turn, react upon it, thus lteeping
up a constant action und reaction, which essen-
tially modify the simple tendency and effect of the
duty. If thia be doubted, call in the aid of expe-
rience, and you will learn from it thatwhat I have
just stated is correct. Take up the prices current
for the last twenty years, or any given number of
years, and see if you can form from them any
correct judgment of how duties have ranged in the
mean time. You will find that low prices and high
duties have occurred quite as often as low duties
and low prices. Take the article of iron, for
instance, and examine how prices and duties have
ranged within the period I have narked, and if you
can deduce any general rule, it will be, instead of
low prices following upon low duties, that when-
ever the duty was brought down to the point where
domestic competition was destroyed, or nearly
destroyed, prices have risen. And the reason is
obvious. Competition being broken down at
home, and the supply diminished, the foreign
manufacturer was enabled to obtain his own price.
Look at the effect of the act of 1842. At the time
it was passed railroad iron and rolled iron brought
from eighty to ninety dollars per ton; but a few
years of domestic competition brought down the
prices more than a third; and if that act had re-
mained in force, instead of manufacturing from
seventy thousand to one hundred thousand tons
of railroad iron per annum, during the last year,
at seventy dollars or seventy-five dollars per ton,"
we would be producing an half a million of tons
annually, at from fifty dollars to fifty-five dollars
per ton. This, Mr. President, is no £uess-work.
It is a fact demonstrated by our previous experi-
ence, and susceptible of the most satisfactory
proof.
I do not mean to say, Mr. President, that the
increase of duty on iron and other fabrics, by the
act of 1842, did not enhance the price fora season.
This it undoubtedly did. But no sooner was
business fully resumed in our furnaces and forges,
and the languishing and prostrate condition of the
iron trade restored, than domestic competition
began to produce its usual effect. As the business
was extended, skill acquired, and the supply in-
creased, prices began to fall; and lon^ before the
act of 1846 began to operate, they had gone down,
as I have already stated, fully a third. Nor is
