792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
principle; but this amendment does not even go
to that extent. It simply provides that the com-
panies shall perform this service for such compen-
sation as shall be agreed upon between the De-
partment and the Government, and then, that in
the event of disagreement Congress shall determ-
ine the question. It avoids some very serious
difficulties which have heretofore arisen in relation
to contracts between the companies and the De-
partment. In no event, it seems to me, can it
possibly occasion the least detriment to the com-
panies themselves.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, this case, and
the cases to which the Senator from Ohio refers,
have no anology. The railroads to which this
bill will apply are not railroads which have been
built by contribution of lands from the domain of
the United States. The bill proposes to give a
creditupon thepaymentof duties on railroad iron;
and then, becausea credit is given for the payment
of the duties on railroad iron, the Government
surrendering nothing, giving nothing, granting
nothing but a simple delay in payment, it is pro-
posed to do—what? Why, sir, that the railroad
companies shall be obliged to transport the mails
and troops of the United States upon such terms
as the Government chooses to dictate without any
authority in them to decide whether they will
accept the proposed terms or not. There is no
comparison between the two cases. If Congress
should appropriate $1,000,000 for building a road,
or should giveaway an immense amountof public
land for building a railroad, as a consideration
therefor, they mifht justly require, as in some
instances I believe they have, that the company
should transport these things for nothing; but it
would be absurd, in my opinion, on a bill of this
kind to put such a provision. It would be grossly
unjust, because, after all, what is the question?
What is the case supposed by the amendment?
That the Postmaster General, for example, for a
certain service, proposes to allow §100, and the
company think they should have $'20U. Who is
to decide? Congress; that is, the Government, in
one form, or other, is to determine the question,
and the railroad company is obliged to perform
this service on terms not agreed to by themselves,
but by the Government, and for what? For the
mighty consideration of giving them two or three
years delay in thepaymentof duties. It is unjust,
it is unequal. If Congress is unwilling to grant
this facility, refuse it; but do not come forward
here with a miser's bargain, requiring what is
equivalent to ten per cent, a month for the use of
money, or for delay in the collection of these
duties.
Mr. RUSK. I would suggest to the honorable
Senator from Ohio to modify his amendment; that
is, to require them to transport the mails simply,
in place of entering into a contract. There is no
necessity for that. The road may change owners.
Nor is there any necessity for the provision in re-
gard to troops. There will be no difficulty about
that; that is only a temporary service. The mail
service is a regular one, and, I think, ought to be
provided for. If he will change it to the usual
form of the provision in these railroad grants I
wilf support it. If the Senator will not modify
it, I will move an amendment to it.
Mr. WELLER. 1 really do not perceive that
there is anything in the amendment at all. Sup-
pose, after the expiration of three years, these
companies should pay the duties which they agree
to pay upon the railroad iron, and suppose they
then should refuse to transport the mails upon
their railroads at all, is there any power in this
Government to compel them to carry the mails?
1 do not apprehend that there is. After they have
paid their duties into the Treasury as they stipu-
lated for, it will be optional with them whether
they will transport the mails or not; and if they
should not see proper to allow the mails to be
carried on their cars, I know of no power in this
Government to compel them to do it.
Mr. RUSK. I move to amend the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio, so that it shall read as
follows:
Provided further, That the railroads benefited by Ihe
provision') of tins act shall be required to transport the
wails at such compensation as shall be prescribed by law.
The PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays having
been ordered upon the amendment first read, will
have to be taken, unless this modification is ac-
cepted or received by unanimous consent.
Mr. CLAY. If I understand the amendment
of the Senator from Texas aright, it seems more
objectionable than the otiginal amendment of the
Senator from Ohio, for it takes away all discretion
on the part of the company. It takes the bargain
out of their own hands and transfers it to Con-
gress who is to make the bargain, and they must
abide by it.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio, and on'
that question the yeas and nays have been or-
dered.
Mr. STUART. Has the Senator from Ohio
accepted the amendment of the Senator from
Texas as a modification of his amendment?
Mr. CHASE. 1 shall not do that unless it is
generally acceptable; but I will modify my asnend-
ment so as to meet the views of the Senator from
Texas, by striking out all except what relates to
the transportation of the mails—that is the trans-
portation of the troops and property of the United
States.
Mr. RUSK. Will the Secretary read the
amendment as the Senator from Ohio modifies it ?
The Secretary read it as follows:
Prorided further. That the owners of every road for the
use ol' which sucli iron may be imported, shall only be en-
titled to the benefits of this act upon filing with the Post-
master General a sufficient contract, in wrjling, binding
said road and the owners thereof, to transport tile mails in
such manner and for such reasonable compensation as may
be agreed upon between the said owners and the proper
Department, subject, luuvevc r; to be ascertained and fixed
by Congress, in ease of a disagreement between said De-
partment and the said owners.5' .
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, that isacurious
amendment, " binding said road and the owners
thereof!" Bindii'g theroad ! How can you bind
a road ? I suppose the Senator means by ih- t the
corporation that owns theroad. Very well, then,
you bind them, and then you are to bind, besides
that, the owners of the road. Who are they?
Mr. BROWN. The stockholders.
Mr. BADGER. The individual stockholders—
is that the intention?
Mr. SEWARD. I think the honorable Sena-
tor from North Carolina is quite too astute in his
criticisms.
Mr. BADGER. Will the honorable Senator
tell me the meaning of the language used ?
Mr. SEWARD. It means this: that railroad
companies shall carry the mails on such terms as
the law provides. The road, of course, cannot
carry the mails; but the owners of the railroad,
the individual owners, if it is owned by individ-
uals, or the corporation, if the owners are a cor-
poration, can make provision for it.
Mr. BADGER. Will the Senator be good
enough to inform me what he means by binding
the road as contradistinguished from the owneis
of the road.
Mr. SEWARD. The words " the road," prob-
ably may be regarded as surplusage, and certainly
they are not very necessary, but they do not at ail
render the proposition obscure.
But I desire to say a few words upon the merits
of the amendment. A great difficulty in this
country, Mr. President, is, that since our postal
arrangements were established, our system of
roads has been entirely, or greatly, changed. We
formerly had the mails carried upon the common
roads. Now, as to a large proportion of the
mails, they are carried upon railroads. Those
roads are made by individuals, and by corpora-
tions; possibly, by States, and are entirely inde-
pendent of the action or control of Congress, or
of the Federal Government. Another difficulty
which arises, resulting from this change, which
is, perhaps, only a temporary one, is that the
railroads are, as yet, everywhere a monopoly.
There is not that competition among the roads
which will enable the Government to select one
road to compete with another, or, to speak more
accurately, the owners of one road to compete
with another. We have felt this difficulty a long
time—ever since the system of railroads has been
introduced. It would-be very desirable if wecould
secure the benefits of some understanding with the
owners of the roads, or some power to legislate
upon the subject, with the consent, of course, of
the owners of the roads.
Now, as to the present case, here is a proposi-
tion calculated to acquire for us this power over a
road. I see nothing wrong in it; but it will be a
decided advantage, if it can be obtained, because,
if we get this right, we shall then be able to limit
the price of carrying the mails, so as to evade
exaction and extortion. We do not get it at all,
unless with the consent of those who are to be
affected by its exercise—that is, the owners of the
road. It will be perfectly fair, and equal, and
just, and right, if they agree to give us what is
stipulated for in the amendment. We do not
compel them to give it to us, because they come
here sueing to the Government for a boon to
which they are not entitled, and Congress may
give it or withhold it. If it can rightfully withhold
it at all, or if it can rightfully give it, it can give
it upou conditions, and if it can give it upon con-
ditions, it can give it on conditions desiring to
promote the public benefit, and thegeneral interest
of society. This is the consideration which is
proposed on our part; and if it is adequate, the
company will accede to the condition. If it is not,
the company will refuse the boon, and will receive
r.o wrong by it. I should be glad if there were
other boons which it were in our power to givg to
other railroad companies, by offering which, and
rendering them acceptable to such companies, we
could gain that control, that interest in their
councils, which would enable us to carry the
mails upon mote just and equal terms than we are
now able to do.
Now, can this be made to operate harshly on
a railroad company offering to carry the mail ?
Suppose they offer the Postmaster General certain
terms upon which they will carry them, and he
refuses; there is an appeal in that case to Congress.
Is there any reason to apprehend that Congress
will be unjust or illiberal? Congress is never illib-
eral in such cases. The claimants will come to
Congress with the utmost confidence that their
appeals from the fiscal administration of the Gov-
ernment will be properly attended to. There is
more danger that Congress may be too liberal
in allowances for the public mail service than that
Congress will not be liberal enough; but I should
not insist upon this reservation in favor of Con-
gress if there were any other tribunal to which it
might be taken, if it did not result from the Con-
stitution and laws that there is no other tribunal
but this to which such a question can be sub-
mitted. Congress acts as a court for the settle-
ment of claims in law and equity, preferred by
citizens against the Government of the United
States. So far as my experience here has g^rie,
there is no reason to complain that Congress is
unjust or inequitable in its adjudications. The
only complaint is that it is dilatory.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I desire to
say one or two words explanatory of my views
in reference to this subject. If this bill is to pass
at all, it seems to me that the proposition for the
extension of credit on the duties on railroad iron
ought to be unincumbered by any such amend-
ment as is proposed. Those railroads which aie
artificial legal personages that are to continue in
pcrpetuo—many of them forever—would have, I
think, by the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Ohio, imposed upon them a burden vastly
greater than what they would lose by the imme-
diate payment of the duties; that is to say, you
make a proposition to give them an indulgence,
and you couple with that indulgence a requisition
that, in point of fact, when you go to carry it out,
will effectually counterbalanceall the benefit which
you bestow upon them.  
If the young States within which these road3
are situated, which are now struggling in these
excessively hard times, are to be benefited, they
ought not to be incumbered with any such burden
as that. It does not stand upon the equality, the
equity, and the liberality which have been extend-
ed to other roads previously to this time. Not
only that, sir, but I do not see any patticular pro-
priety or necessity, as regards these public im-
provements which are just now progressing, every-
body knows, from the stringency of the times,
from the tighthess ef the money market, from the
scarcity of money, under great difficulty, in thus
impeding and stopping them by such burdensome
conditions. There is no necessity for the money
in the public Treasury, when you have twenty or
thirty millions of dollars surplus money in the
Treasury of the United States. For what purpose
will you do this? What is the necessity for your
having this money? You are now buying up at
a large premium, at an excessive rate, the out-
standing debts of the Government, with money
