1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which you do not need. Why, then, impose this
condition ?
Mirny of these roads are struggling under great
difficulties. They are weak The times are hard
and tight. It is wrong to arrest the iabor, to pre-
vent the progress and completion of the roads.
If you propose to give them a benefit, let it be a
benefit; and do not couple with it any such con-
dition as wilt make it a fallacy and a delusion,
instead of a benefit at all. Either reject the bill or
Jetitgo through as other bills have gone through.
Let it be a positive benefit to the roads, so as to
Jet them get along in their work.
So far as we are concerned in the State of Ken-
tucky , ( have very little to calculate as to the ben-
efit which it would confer or how it would operate.
But if you want internal improvements to progress
in the country under the guidance of these com-
panies, these legal artificial personages, do not
extinguish them, do not press them down; give
them a chance to go forward. The Government
does not need the money. If you give them a
benefit, let it be a benefit, and do riot, by this sort
of indirection, profess to give a benefit, and yet so
incumber it as to make it amount to nothing. Do
not give the benefitgrudgingly ? 1 have no doubt,
sir, that these roads are very often oppressive in
their requisitions upon the Government; they
make hard bargains; they will claim more than
they ought to have. Doubtless they do so, be-
cause they think it is Uncle Sam they have to
deal with, and that Uncle Sam is afat goose, to be
plucked by everybody who can pluck him. No
doubt they often drive a hard bargain with him.
No doubt that is the fact, for i believe all corpo-
rations are said to be soulless; but are we,on that
pretense, not to give them a chance to prosecute
their roads, by imposing such a burden as this
amendment will impose upon them ? Sir, in these
stringent times we ought not to take irom them
the benefits and equalities which you have given
to other companies in other States, and at other
times, heretofore. That is what 1 have to say in
reference to it.
Mr. RUSK, f shall vote against the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio. I was in hopes
that he would modify it so as not to require the
ceremony of going through a contract with the
Postmaster General, or to throw obstructions in
the way of the benefits which the bill proposes to
give to the railroads. I apprehend that the friends
of the measure had better look into it before they
say that the provision which 1 offer is an oppres-
sion to the road, or that it is grudgingly giving the
benefits of Lhe bill. It is cutting off the privilege
which the roads have of practicing extortion upon
the Government in the carrying of the mails.
That is all there is in it. JNo Senator, I presume,
will rise in his place here and bay that there is any
danger of the passage of a general law by which
the Government will require the service to be per- j
formed at a price below what its real value is. I j
apprehend nobody will imagine that any such law
will be passed. It will have to apply to all the
roads situated like this, and there aie now, or will
be in a short time, several thousand miles of roads
which will be required to carry the mail in the
manner that the amendment which I offer would
require these roads to carry it; so that if the ben- ;
efits of this bili would oppress any road, they j
would oppress those other roads. There is, there- |
•fore, nu danger to be apprehended on the score j
that Congress would pass any law which would
not be just, and afford them a fair remuneration.
There aie evils on the other side which ought
to be considered; and I hope Senators will con-
sider them for a moment, before they are so stren-
uous to keep this monopoly in the railroad com-
panies, which enables them to impose upon the
Government and upon the community. What is
the condnion of our postal affairs ? With a large
revenue of five or six millions of dollars, we are
falling a million and upwards behind every year.
The mail service on the frontiers of the country,
in sparsely populated regions, is actually pinched
down. No facilitiesaregiven there. The utmost
economy has to be exercised in reference to the
expenditure for mail facilities in sections of the
country where railroads do not exist; and what is
the reason ? The reason is, that the roads here
have the Government under their control. " You |
must pay us an enormous price; you must submit
to this exaction from us, which will consume all
your post office revenue, and prevent the accom-
793
modation of mail service in other portions of the
country, or we will throw off your mail." They
have the monopoly. Is that tail-? Is that right?
Is the honorable Senator from "Alabama anxious
to see such a monopoly grow up in the country
with such a power as that?
Mr. CLAY. By no means; but I think that
all laws should operate equally, and while I sub-
ject these companies to the control of Congress
entirely, 1 go not like to see all others acting freely
and making their own bargains.
Mr. RUSK. It so happens that these compa-
nies come here and ask a privilege from Congress.
They come and ask from Congress what is a ben-
efit to them. We ask them to do what? To act
honestly and fairly, and submit to the laws which
Congress may pass. Nobody will say that Con-
gress will attempt to cheat them. There is no
probability of that; but our past history is full of
the fact that we cannot trust railroads, because
they have a monopoly, and we cannot get our
mails transported with the same facility any where
else as on railroads; therefore they make their
heavy charges. They eat up the post office rev-
enue. They curtail the mail facilities of the coun-
try with their monopoly. 1 have no doubt in my
own mind that we have the power to force these
roads, under the authority granted in the Consti-
tution, to do ihis. It would, huwever, be a ques-
tion that would create a good deal of discussion
and difficulty. But 1 think it is wisdom and pol-
icy on the part of Congress, whenever they make
grants to railroads, to couple with the grant a
lequisition that they shall comply with the gen-
eral laws passed m reference to lhe price of trans-
porting mails on railroads. They are monopolies
m this respect. Expenence shows that they are,
and that they impose upon the Post Office De-
partment and eat up the revenues, so that when-
ever privileges are granted to them—and God
knows 1 was willing to grant them further than
the friends of this bill ask, because I hold that
they are very valuable—I am ill favor of coupling
with them that requisition.
Mr. BRO WN. I shall vote against this amend-
ment, and for the reason that I think it is calling
upon the railroad companies to make too great a
sacrifice in proportion to the benefit whicii you
oiler. If you pass this bill the Government parts
with nothing. If you collect the duties, they pas-s
into the Treasury which is already too full. If
you do not collect them, you lose nothing in the
way of interest; you lose only the naked custody
of so much money. You save the company, how-
ever, from the payment of the interest during
three years. Now, because, without damaging
yourselves at all, you propose to give this slight
benefit to tne companies, wliat do you ask ? Why
that the company, through all after time, shall
pledge itself to transport your mail upon such
terms as you shall dictate.
Now, sir, suppose that #500 a mile shall be
paid upon the railroad from Philadelphia to New
York, and that sum, I undertake to say, has been
paid m times gone by, and something like it is
being paid now 
A Senator. Three hundred dollars.
Mr. BROWN. 1 know $300 per mile is paid
for carrying the mail proper; but then you pay
agents at each end, and you pay a great many
tiavelling agents, so that it amounts to nearly $500
per mile. Now, shall one of these young roads,
struggling into existence, be required to perform
the same service for $50 or $100? Will you
make such an exaction as that because of'the con-
sideration that you have allowed them three years'
credit on their duties upon iron? I think, sir, it
is asking too much. But my friend fiom Cali-
fornia suggests that if, at the end of the time, a
railroad company pays the duties and refuses to
execute the contract, there will be no power to
compel it to do so. I think he is mistaken. I
take it for granted that, if a company enters into
a written agreement with the Government to do a i
particular thing, and refuses to execute the con- j
tract, after receiving its part of the consideration, '
it may be sued in court, arid damages would be j
recovered for its refusal to execute the contract. !
I am willing—and I submit it to the friends of '
this measure with a good deal of confidence—to
provide that these roads should be paid the same >
compensation as is paid to the roads of a like class I
in the United States. Is it at all fair that the rail- |
roads already in existence, between the principal I
commercial points, shall get the large sum which
the law now authorizes, $300 a mile, with all the
little perquisites of having agents at both ends,
and agents along the line, and that these young
companies shall carry the mails on such terms as
the Postmaster General may dictate underthe sanc-
tion of Congress? If they are in the same class
as the otheis, ought they not to be treated in the
same way ? I offer no amendment, because I
shall vote against the whole of this amendment.
Mr. COOPER. 1 shall vote for the amendments
but I do not rise for the purpose of discussing it.'
I think the reasons which have been submitted in
us favor by the Senator from New York, and the
Senator from Texas, are sufficient to justify its
support, but I wish to call attention to another
branch of the subject, which was adverted to by
the honorable Senator from Kentucky.
He has referred to the Treasury, and its over-
flowing condition, and the very large amounts
which are now locked up within i:s vaults. Has
he heard, sir, exactly what its condition is at this
time. 1 understand that there has been a falling
off during the last quarter,in comparison with the
same quarter last year of over six millions of dol-
lars, and that a deficit, if 1 may use the word, of
upwards of ten millions is anticipated between
this and July. Now, sir, the Treasury, in all
probability, will want all that it will receive.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Does the
Senator mean a falling off, or that there will be a
deficit ?
Mr. COOPER. There has been a falling ofif
during the last fiscal quarter of more than six
millions of dollars, compared' with the amount
leceived last year, and it is anticipated that there
will be a falling tff of ten millions at the «nd of
the fiscal year, and perhaps much more than that.
1^ am inclined to think that this will be the case.
Everybody knows ihattheoiders which havegone
out timing the letter part of the year are much
fewer, and less in extent, than they have been
previously, and it is very likely that the antici-
pation of a falling off of ten millions will not
only be realized, but that it will be much larger
at the end of the present fiscal year. By that
time, sir, the Treasury may need the money, and
it will need it if we go on appropriating as we have
done.
The PRESIDENT. The question is upon the
amendment of the Senator Irom Ohio. The yeas
and nays having been ordered upon it, no amend-
ment can be offered to it unless by unanimous
consent.
Mr. BADGER. Has not the amendment been
modified ?
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Ohio
does not accept the modification.
Mr. RUSK. It seems to me that the usual
practice of the Senate in ordering the yeas and
nuys upon an amendment does not preclude that
amendment from being amended. It is still open
to amendments.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly.
Mr. RUSK. I therefore move my amendment
as a substitute, by striking out all of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio after the word
" provided."
The PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays hav-
ing been ordered upon the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, it requires unanimous consent to
amend that amendment.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. BADGER. Surely that is not the rule.
The only effect of ordering the yeas and nays,
according to the interpretation given to the lule
upon that subject by the late Mr. King, when pre-
siding officer, was this: that the mover of the
amendment could not modify it without the con-
sent of the Senate; but surely we can amend the
amendment by a vote of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. There is no doubt about
the right to amend it after the vote is taken.
Mr. BADGER. Will the Chair allow me to
state a case. Suppose a bill was pending, and the
question was upon its engrossment, and on that
question the Senate had ordered the yeas and
nays, could not a Senator move to amend the bill
before lhe question could be taken' If he could
not, suppose lhe question should be passed affirma-
tively, and lhe bill was ordered to be engrossed,
then it could not be amended at all. So it is here
in regard to an amendment; the yeas and nays are
ordered upon it, but still it is in the power of the
