794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
Senate to amend it. I submit, with all deference
to the Chair, that its decision is incorrect.
Mr. TOUCEY. I wouldsuggestthattheruling
of the Chair puts it in the control of one fifth of
the members present to cuteffall power to amend
the amendment.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly.
Mr. TOUCEY. At any time, therefore, one
fifth of the Senate, if they were opposed to a bill,
could cut short all amendments, it seems to me
that has nut been our usual course of procedure.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator trom Ohio
offered an amendment, and upon that the yeas and
nays were ordered. Subsequently the Senator
from Texas offered an amendment to the amend-
ment. Are the yeas and nays called for upon the
amendment to the amendment?
Mr. BADGER. I presume that cannot be done
until the amendment is received. I understand the
Chair to decide that an amendment to the amend-
ment is not now in order.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair does not decide
that an amendment, is not m order; but the Senate
has already ordered the yeas and nays upon the
amendment offered by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. CHASE. In order obviatethedifficulty, I
withdraw the call for the yeas and nays by unan-
imous consent.
The PRESIDENT. If the Senator withdraws
the call for the yeas and nays, the amendment of
the Senator from Texas is in order.
Mr. BADGER. I submit that, after the yeas
and nays have been ordered they cannot be re-
called on the motion of the gentleman who called
for them.
Mr. HUNTER. By general consent.
The PRESiDENT. That can be done by unan-
imous consent. Does any Senator object?
There was no objection.
The PRESIDENT. Then the amendment of-
fered by the Senator from Texas is in order, and
that will be read.
It is to make the amendment read as follows:
Provided further, That on thp railroads benefited by
thi* act, the mails of ihe United States be transported at
6uch compen-auon as t-liall be prescribed by law.
Mr. BROWN. 1 presume it is not in order
now to move to amend the amendment.
The PRESIDENT. It is not; for this is an
amendment to the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
Mr. BROWN. If that is voted in, in its present
form, wdl it be competent to reject the whole of U?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly it will.
Mr. CHASE. The Senator from Texas and
myself aim at precisely the same object. The
only question is as to the mode of accomplishing
it. I should accept at once the modification which
he proposes, if 1 supposed that it would be likely
to attain the object as certainly as the amendment
which I have offered. I have not the slightest
feeling upon the subject whatever. 1 am quite
willing that either form shall be adopted, only !
desiring that that form shall be adopted which will
be most likely to accomplish our common object.
What is that object? That the railroads who
avail themselves of the benefits of this act, shall be
bound to transport the mails of the United States
for a reasonable compensation. As it now stands,
the railroad company can make such contracts,
end exau such terms from the Government, as
it sees fit. The Government has no control what-
ever over the transportation. It must submit to
the terms of the railroad company, or the com-
munity cannot receive the accommodation which
is desired. This is the evil which we seek to
remedy. We both seek to remedy the same evil.
Now, sir, if a simple provision like that of the
Senator from Texas be adopted, I ask Senators
whether it will effect the object we desire to ac-
complish > It is a simple provision of law, it is
a simple declaration of the will of Congress, that
the railroad companies who are to receive the ben-
efits of this act, shall transport the mails at such
rates as Congressshall prescribe by law. Where
are those railroads? They are within the limits
of the different States of the Union. They are
created by State laws. They are responsible to
State laws. How, by inserting a simple provi-
sion of this sort in the bill, ore you to create a-
contract between them and the Government, which
will bind them in buch a manner as that it can be
enforced ? I doubt very much the power of Con-
i to make the contract in that form. I doubt
very much the possibility of enforcing any pro-
vision made in this form, and I apprehend that if
the amendment to the amendment be adopted, the
substantial benefit'which both are seeking to ac-
quire for the Government will be lost.
But I would not desire any benefit for the Gov-
ernment, if that benefit was to be purchased by
the oppression of any company whatever. How
can it so operate ? According to the provisions of
the amendment of^tfce Senator from Texas, ulti-
mately the regulation of this thing, even supposing
it be a binding ohhjration upon the part of the com-
panies, is to be affected by the legislation of Con-
gress. There is no danger, in my judgment, m
any event, of any oppression to those companies.
The Government of the United States has never
shown itself indisposed to pay full ar.d liberal
rewards for this service; but, on the other hand,
the companies have shown themselves disposed to
exact exorbitant and unreasonable terms from the
Government. We wish simply to avoid that, by
authc/izing the contract between the Government
and vhe company,and immediate reference, in the
last resort, to Congress, in case the companies and
the Department shall disagree. There is no dan-
ger of any hardship on the part of any one of
those companies. I think all apprehensions of that
sort may be dismissed as unreal and imaginary;
but, sir, if the provision I have submitted be
adopted, there will be no doubt whatever on the
subject. As Senators have already said, if a con-
tract is made between certain companies and the
Government, that contract can be eniorced,and
we secure, beyond all question, the object which
so many in the Senate seek to accomplish; where-
as, if the plan proposed by the Senatoi from Texas
be adopted, there is great risk that we shall pass
an act which will have no binding force upon any-
body, and will not secure, in the end,thp great
benefits which every one desires to realize. I
will not detain the Senate, Mr. President. I am
willing to have a vote.
Mr. BADGER. I am extremely reluctant to
intrude myself again upon the Senate; but I think
there are some views put forth by the Senator
fiom Ohio, which, if they are passed here without
an answer, will be supposed to meet with the con-
currence of the Senate generally. They do not
meet with mine. The Senator says that this pro-
position is to prevent extortion on the part of rail-
road companies upon the Government. Now, 1
am as much opposed to extortion as the honor-
able Senator from Ohio; but how does he propose
to accomplish his object? it is that when a bargain
is to be made between theGovernment and a rail-
road company, it shall be made by one party,and
the other party shall be compelled to abide by it,
without giving its consent. That is the substance
of the whole plan. It is immaterial whether you
give the power to the Postmaster General, or to
the head of another Department, or to Congress,
or to any other person who serves this Govern-
ment in any form. These various officers, and
Congress itself, form one party to the contract.
The honorable Senator says, that to prevent ex-
tortion, he is willing to agiee to u provision that
shall compel the other paity to surrender his right
to be consulted on the agreement by which he is
to be bound. Sir, it is founded upon a false prin-
ciple. It tends to injurious results. What 3ort of
security does the honorable Senator give us why
we may dismiss all fears of injustice, on the part
of the Government, as idle and visionary ? Why
may we dismiss them ? Is there anything, in our
past history, to show us that theGovernment will
not drive a haid bargain where it may > I will
admit freely, with the honorable Senator, that, if
we were to depend upon Congress, while he and
I are here—upon this present Congress—there
would be no fear of any injustice. We should go
for exactly what was right; but every body knows
that when we pass from the scene, no such confi-
dence can be entertained. [Laughter.]
Then, what is the mighty consideration given
by the Government for this yulding up of the
right to be consulted in making their contract wi h
the Government? What does the Government
give, by this bill, as a consideration? It agrees to
suspend, for three years, the collection of duties
on railroad iron which may be imported under its
provisions!.
Well now, suppose the Government had the
money, and suppose it could make interest upon
it for the three years, it amounts to twelve per !
cent, upon the amount of duties on railroad iron,
upon which those duties are suspended for three
years, which is a loss to the Government; and in
consideration of that grievous Iosp, the Govern-
ment requires this concession of the free and inde-
pendent power of American citizens to be bound
by no contract made without their consent. In
point of fact, the Government gives no considera-
tion, as my friend from Mississippi has said; it is
a relief to the roads, but without any loss or in-
jury, present or contingent, to the Go\ernment of
the United States. On the contrary it is an actual
benefit to the whole country.
Mr. President, it is a miserable Shyl"ck bargain.
It is an attempt on the part of the Government,
if we adopt it, to deal with these persons in their
necessities, upon the same principle on whirh the
usurer exacts sn enormous sum for the small favor
which he bestows upon the necessitous debtor.
I hope the Senate will not yield their consent to
any such proposition.
Mr. SHIELDS. Unless the question is about
to be taken, I should like to have an Executive
session.
Several Senators. Let us pass the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 beg the friends
of the bill to sit it out.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Texas to the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. RUSK called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered, and being taken, resulted—
yeas 26, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs!. Adams, Alien. Bayard. Bell, Brodftead,
Brown, Clay, Cooper, Dawf-on, Dodge ot Iowa. Douglas,
Fitzpatric k, G< y<-r. Hunter, Johnson, Jones of T> nnpfrsee,
ftlur'on, Ponrce, Pratt, Ru&k, Sebastian, Seward, SJideJI,
Siu.irt, and Welier—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Brained, Chasp, Evans, fes-
Sfi'd'-n, Fooi, Gillette, Hamlin, Jonfs of Iowa, Mallory,
Petht. SuiniKT, Thompson of Kentucky, Toucey, Wade,
Walker, Well&, and Wilson—18.
Mr. SHIELDS. I now move that the further
consideration of the subject be postponed until
Monday, in order to proceed to the consideration
of Executive business.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do hope the
Senate will not adjourn without disposing of the
bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. If a vote is to be taken, I
shall not insist upon my motion.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move that the Senate ad*
journ.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Will the Senator withdraw
that to enable me to make a privileged motion?
At the instance of my friend from Iowa, I move a
reconsideration of the vote had yesterday on the
Armstrong case. I ask that it may be entered.
Mr SLIDELL. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. BADGER. I object to the motion of the
Senator from Pennsylvania.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on taking
up the bill.
Mr. BADGER. I object to entertaining the
motion.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT. The subject is not debat-
able. The morion was to lay on the table.
Mr. STUART. I object to the motion to re-
consider.
Mr. CHASE. Tt cannot be objected to.
ThePRESl DENT. There is a question before
the Senate. The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. BADGER called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS. I understand that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Texas has been substi-
tuted for the amendment offered by the Senator
from Ohio.
The PRESIDENT. It has been adopted aaan
amendment to the amendmentof the Senator from
Ohio, and the question is on the amendment as
amended.
The question being taken hy yeas and nays re-
sulted—yeas 29, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adam?, Allen, Bayard, Brainerd, Brod-
head, Chase, Cooper, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Fes-enden,
Foot, Gillette, Hamlin, Johnson, Jones ot Iowa, Pcarce, .
Pratt. Ru'-k, Sebastian, Seward, ShiWds, SIHcil, Stuort
Summer, Toucey, Wad0. Waller', Welts, and Wilson—:09.
NAYS—M« ssr-. Bodgcr, Bell. Brown. Butler, Clay,
Dawson, Evans, Fiizf>,uuck, Geyer, Hunter, Jones of
Tennessee, Mallory, Morton, Petm, Tbompsou of ICen-
tucky, and Walker—16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
