802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
Mr. WALBRIDGE. 1 withdraw my motion
at the suggestion of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, and I move that the time
be fixed at Wednesday next at half past twelve
o'clock, as originally proposed by the gentleman
from Virginia.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the considera-
tion of this subject be deferred till Wednesday
evening next at half past seven o'clock, and be
made the special order from night to night until
the subject is disposed of.
Mr. PECKHAM. Is that motion in order?
Can we defer the consideration of this subject to
Wednesday evening without unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
in the opinion of the Chair.
A question of order being raised upon the Chair,
the Chair asks the attention of gentlemen to his
decision, which is,thatit is not in order to fix the
hour at all. There is but a single proposition
pending, which is to postpone this subject until
Wednesday next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to amend
the motion by making the time Saturday next.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Is it in order to move an
amendment to the amendment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 move to postpone the
further consideration of the message indefinitely.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
motion of the gentleman is not in order. A mo-
tion to postpone to a day certain, if the Chair
recollects rightly, must be first put.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to postpone it to
the first Monday of December next.
The SPEAKER. That is indefinite, going be-
yond the present session.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does not a motion
to postpone to a day certain take precedence of
any other motion?
The SPEAKER. It does take precedence of
any other motion, as the Chair is informed. The
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] moves to
amend the motion to postpone the consideration
of this subject till Wednesday next, at half past
twelve o'clock, by substituting Saturday.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire to make a mo-
tion with regard to the several propositions before
the House. I believe the Chair has recognized
the propositions as separate and distinct mo-
tions.
The SPEAKER. In the character of amend-
ments, but we cannot go beyond the third degree.
We have all the amendments now before the
House which can come in.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I was about to make a
motion to strike out all the propositions.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Is my motion out of order?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man was ruled out of order until the motion to
postpone to a day certain is disposed of.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to postpone the
consideration of the message until the 4th of
March, which is a day certain, and it is the longest
time of any proposition now before the House. I
submit, if the motion I now make does not take
precedence of any other motion ?
Mr. KEITT. The 4th of March comes on
Sunday.
The SPEAKER. There is already an amend-
ment pending to the proposition to make this sub-
ject the special order for Wednesday next, by in-
serting, in lieu of Wednesday, Saturday next.
Mr. PRESTON. I rise to a point of order.
The proposition of the gentleman from Ohio, as I
understand it, is to postpone to a day beyond the
session.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Oh, no.
Mr. PRESTON. I understood the gentleman
to move to postpone the consideration of the mea-
eage indefinitely.
Mr. CAMPBELL. No, sir; I moved to post-
pone to the 4th of March.
Mr. PRESTON. But the 4th of March comes
on Sunday. I withdraw my question of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. We have but two weeks
remaining of the session, and 
Mr. HAVEN. I rise toaguestion of order.
I think the Chair is mistaken in stating the prop-
osition .before the House. The gentleman from
Virginia moved to postpone the further consider-
ation until Wednesday next, and the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. JjwesJ proposed to amend
by inserting Saturday next, and which amend-
ment has not been withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. And the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Campbell] moves to amend the amend-
ment, which amendment is in the third and last
degree, and no other amendment can be intro-
duced until that is disposed of.
Mr. HENJNT. 1 rise to a question of order. The
motion of the gentleman from Ohio is to postpone
the consideration until the 3d of March, at twelve
o'clock. That amendment proposes to make the
veto message a special order; and I submit that it
is not in order.
The-SPEAKER. The Chair holds that it is
not in order to fix an hour,
Mr. CAMPBELL. In accordance with the
suggestion of the gentleman from Iowa and the
decision of the Chair, I modify my amendment by
leaving out the hour. I move to postpone the
consideration until the 3d of March next.
I shall state, in a very few minutes, my reasons.
There is a vast amount of unfinished business, of
very great importance to the country, now pend-
ing before this body, and we have but two weeks
to discbaige the duties we owe to the interests in-
volved in the measures before us. We have legis-
lated upon this measure, and passed it by a large
majority, and it must be evident to every gentle-
man here, that it cannot be carried into a law by
a two-third vote, under the provisions of the Con-
stitution. Why, therefore, shall we consume any
portion of the precious time of the House in the
consideration of the flimsy reasons of the veto,
which has been presented to us this morning,
when we know that no practical benefitcan result
from the further discussion of the bill? Sir, I
want that message to go to the country through
the Journals of this body, where, under the Con-
stitution, the President has a right to place it; but
1 shall never vote the one hundredth part of a red
cent out ofthe Treasury of the people to give fur-
ther circulation to the dangerous doctrines upon
which this act of the Executive is founded, than
the plain letter of the Constitution guaranties.
Sir, 1 can appreciate the reasons which actuate
an Executive in thus striking down the will of the
people, as expressed in this body, when founded
upon a constitutional point, but,sir, I have no 
Mr. ORR, (interrupting.) I rise to a question
of order. I make a point of order upon the gen-
tleman from Ohio for the purpose, Mr. Speaker,
of saying, if we are to go into the debate of this
message to-day then this proposition for a post-
ponementhad betterbe voted down. My question
of order is, that the proposition to postpone is not
debatable, and if it is, the debate must be confined
to the particular subject-matter, namely, why the
consideration of it should be postponed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the prac-
tice, under the rules, uniformly has been, when
debate has been allowed at all—and, I believe,
some of my predecessors have decided that the
motion is not debatable at all—that it must be
limited to the question of time to which the consid-
eration shall be postponed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, as my pur-
pose is to get clear of the message altogether, I
think I have the legitimate right to discuss its
merits; but I propose only to touch very cursorily
the great principle which underlies this extraor-
dinary act of Executive usurpation.
Mr. HIBBARD. I rise to a question of order.
It is, whether this is not a queslion touching the
priority of business, which question is not debata-
ble under the rules of this House.
I wish to say thatl am a friend of the principles
of the veto, and there is, upon this side of the
House, no disposition to avoid this discussion,
but rather a disposition to allow it to gaon at the
proper time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Ohio is in order when confining his
remarks to the question as to what time the con-
sideration of the message shall be postponed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. My proposition amounts,
practically, to its indefinite postponement. I was
about to remark that 1 have, and I hope I shall
ever have, a high degree of respect for the station
which the President fills, but, sir, I have no respect
whatever for the principle avowed and practically
carried out in this message, which claims for the
Chief Executive of this nation, independent of
constitutional considerations, the right to set at
defiance the will of the people, as expressed through
their Representatives in Congress. Sir, the claim
is anti-American—anti-Republican. I denounce
it as despotic!
Mr. ORR. I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair feels itself called
upon to remind the gentleman from Ohio that it
is not in order to debate the merits of this veto
message, and the Chair is called upon to enforce
the rule.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I will confine ray
remarks to a more limited range. 1 do not wish
to impose a lengthy speech upon the House, al-
though I should be glad to show the dangerous
tendencies of Executive vetoes based exclusively
upon a question of policy. I will simply say, in
addition to the reasons 1 have already given, and
the force of which every member of this House
must observe at once, that we cannot carry the
bill into a law by a two-third vote, and that we
cannot have time, without sacrificing other inter-
ests, to give a lengthy discussion to the great
principle involved in thismessage, for the first time
in the history of the country—to wit, the right of
the Executive, without constitutional objections, to
overwhelm the popular will expressed through
their Representatives. The exercise of such a
power asserts a high and direct legislative func-
tion in the President, which the framers of the
Constitution never intended to confer.
Hence I am in favor of such a postponement as
will carry the discussion into the next Congress,
or this document, most extraordinary and des-
potic, to the tomb of the Capulets !
Mr. KEITT. Can you carry it there?
Mr. CAMPBELL. We can carry it to the 3d
of March, and I do not thiuk much will be done
with it after that time.
Independent, Mr. Speaker, of the reasons im-
mediately and directly connected with the prin-
ciples avowed by the document, there are other
interests which demand attention. 1 do not know
whether it is very important that we should sit
here and legislate at all, as the immediate Repre-
sentatives of the people, if we have no more
dignified duties to perform than to follow where
the Executive whistle calls, or dance, like puppets,
to the music of presidential organ-grinders !
Mr. ORR. I call the gentleman to order. I
understood the Chair to decide that debate upon
the motion must be confined to the question of
time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is compelled to
call the gentleman to order, as going beyond the
limit of debate, under the rules.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I submit to the construc-
tion of the rules given by the Chair, and shall
await, patiently, a "good lime coming," when
we may administer to the principles of the docu-
ment just read that rebuke which the usurpation
deserves from an American Congress.
Mr. KEITT. I rise to make an inquiry of the
Chair, and it is, whether or not, if the motion
submitted by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bayly] prevails, the discussion will be limited to
a single day? It seems to me the question of
time is an important one, and I think there should
be no objection to the preposition, if it will confine
the debate to a single day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
veto message of the President is the thing in order
until disposed of by the order of the House.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. 1 ask the House to
allow me to say to my friend from South Carolina,
that as far as I can have any control over the mat-
ter, 1 shall ask to have it disposed of in one day;
but the question will be in the power of the House
to decide. For one, I shall favor consuming only
one day with the matter.
Mr. KEITT. The explanation of the gentle-
man from Virginia satisfies me, and I shall vote
for his motion.
' Mr. BAYLY. I have said what was my pur-
pose. The Speaker of the House, however,
decided, most unquestionably correctly, that this
bill is the regular business in order until disposed
of. It will not, therefore, be in my power to close
the debate upon it until the House see fit to come
to a vote. My purpose, however, I repeat, is to
ask the House to dispose of the matter in one day.
Mr. KEITT. My second question is this 
Mr, JONES. If the gentleman, before he pro-
ceeds further, will permit me, I will suggest
another proposition winch may possibly meet the
views of the House: I would suggest that this
