806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
not that 1 apprehend my vote might subject me
to misapprehension and misconstruction, 1 should
be content at this late period of the session to give
a silent vote on the bill before us; but, sir, as I
feel compelled to vote against this bill, I ask the
attention of the Senate for a few moments only,
while I state some of the reasons which compel
me to lollow that course.
1 am anxious, sir, to establishes soon as prac-
ticable, a communication both to Oregon and Cal-
ifornia, through our own country. I have sought,
from the time those Territories were acquired, to
obtain access to them in the shortest mode possi-
ble, considering it indispensable in order to retain
them within the limits of the Union. I devoted
myself, therefore, during the year 1849 and 1850,
sedulously to the business of endeavoring to pro-
cure, by the shortest and best means some route
through the Isthmus, to San Francisco and to
Oregon, not that I considered the route through
the Isthmus as antagonizing with the project then
entertained of a railroad across the continent to
California. On the other hand, I always viewed
those routes at Tehuantepec, at Nicaragua, and
at Panama, as ancillary to the great communica-
tion, which in time, must be established between
the Pacific and Atlantic oceans.
But, fcir, while I am thus sincerely anxious to
obtain, and shall be ready on all occasions to give
my vote in favor of, what I deem to be the best
and most practicable means of securing access to
those Pacific territories, 1 feel bound to say, after
the best examination which I have been able to
give the subject, that the plans presented by the
bill as it stands amended, of three roads, is, at
least for the present, entirely impracticable. 1 do
not believe that any one of the three roads will be
made under this bill. I go further, sir, and I say
that, if the road were made, judging from all the
information which I have been enabled to obtain
in reference to the expenses of railroads in this
country and in England, the travel and transport-
ation on the road would not be sufficient to defray
its expenses, and that, even if it were built, it
could be maintained only by large drafts upon the
Treasury of the United States. By the provisions
of this bill, as I understand them, those who are
to build the road are to become entitled to the
lands amounting to twelve miles of alternate sec-
tions from one extremity to the other. When the
road is completed the whole of that fund then, so
far as regards the maintenance and keeping up of
the roads is exhausted, it is gone to those who
build it. When it is once constructed, it must be
maintained from some other source than the land
that is donated by the bill; and what can that
other source be but the Treasury of the United
States ?
Mr. President, I recollect having read not
long since, in an English paper, an account of a
debate in the House of Commons, m which it
was stated that the great railroad between London
and Liverpool could not be kept up without the
aid of way travel. I think, sir, that the expe-
rience of all the successfal railroad companies in
this country, will justify me in the assertion that
no railroad has been made yet that has been kept
up with any degree of success without the aid of
way travel. Th<? road between Baltimore and
Philadelphia, a great thoroughfare between the
North and the South, the road between Philadel-
phia and New York, and the great New England
roads, depend not on the passengers who travel
between the termini of the roads, but upon those
who take parage at the intermediate places, called
the way travelers. If that be true, if there be
any degree of truth in it, how could we expect if
the road to the Pacific were made at this time, to
keep it up without immense drafts upon the Treas-
ury, in the present condition of that country,
utterly unsettled, wild—a desert.
Sir, it is my opinion that we ought to establish
a communication to San Francisco by some prac-
ticable means as soon as possible; but let us not
resort to impracticable projects that will defeat the
practicable one. I think a road can be made to
California overland, and ought to be made by the
aid of this Government, l am ready to render
my assistance to have it made. I believe that in
some places we might make perhaps ten, twenty,
thirty, or even one hundred or one hundred and
fifty miles of railroad, and might join that with a
macademized road, or a plank roau, or a turnpike
road, or a gravel road, and get over the country
successfully by that means; but as for a continu-
ous railroad, I have not seen anything yet that has
demonstrated to my satisfaction that such a thing
can be done, or that when it is done, it can be
made available for the great purposes intended by
those gentlemen who have projected this bill.
Mr. President, there are objections, I think, to
this bill, independent of this consideration; but I
have only suggested this point to justify myself in
the eyes of my constituents and the country for
the course 1 am about to take; but independently
of that, there are objections to the bill. If I un-
derstand it, the Government stands pledged and
bound under it to transport the mails and all the
munitions of war and stores of the Government on
these roads, to the exclusion of all others, and it
is bound to pay at the rate of some $300 a mile,
which would amount annually to about $600,000,
for the transpoitation of the mail alone on each
one of the three roads. If I had no other objec-
tion to the bill, I would say in regard to that mat-
ter, let the Government have the choice; if the
Government chooses to transport on the road, 1
would bind the company, in consideration of the
grants made to it, to carry the mail on the road;
but 1 would not bind the Government, as I think
the bill does, m any and every event, to carry the
mails on those roads, or any one of them, no mat-
ter what others may be opened.
I do not, sir, as I have said, purpose to go at
large into the discussion of the subject. I know
it would be entirely malapropos to offer a set speech
on such a subject at this time. The Senate would
not have patience for such an effort; other business
of the country presses upon them, and demands
consideration, and I am willing to leave the sub-
ject with the few remarks that I have made.
Mr. BUTLER. Itisnotmypurposetodiscuss
the bill; my health would not allow me to do so if
I choose. I concur very much in what has been
said by the honorable Senator from Delaware. If
we are to have a railroad to the Pacific, one road
is enough, and what its route should be, depends,
I think, on the disclosures of time, and demands
more light than has yet been shed on the subject.
I have no hesitation in saying that the time will
come when the interests of the country may re-
quire such a road; but, sir, if you could have the
disclosures of twenty years from this time you
would find this project attended with disaster and
failure in many particulars, and you would find
the consequences of this disaster and failure falling
upon this Government.
We are not fully informed. We are plunging
into a system without seeing where we are going.
We are acting upon one of the most stupendous
undertakings that man has ever looked at; and
here I am told that I am to votewithoutdiscussion,
and without even having the common lights which
would be shed on a proposal to make a road
ihrough a country twenty miles in length. I do
not desire to indulge in debate, but simply at this
stage of the session, as a Senator, I protestagainst
this hasty legislation on so momentous a subject.
Mr. GEYER addressed the Senate in opposi-
tion to the bill as amended, although he expressed
himself in favor of the original bill, which pro-
vided for one road. [His remarks will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I must express
my astonishment at the earnestness and sincerity
with which this enormous measure appears to be
pressed, and pressed so precipitately upon the
Senate. I confess I thought, when the project
was first introduced, that it was rather as a feeler
to ascertain how public sentiment would point
towards a project of such magnitude and uncertain-
ty. I did not suppose, when it was first brought
to the notice of the Senate, nor have I since ex-
pected, that we should be seriously asked to con-
nect the Government of the Union with individ-
uals or corporations, and schemes which, in extent
and in difficulty, are so far beyond everything that
has ever heretofore been known in the history of
artificial communications. Whatdo.weknow, sir,
of the feasibility of any of these routes, of all
those conditions which are absolutely necessary
to make a railroad available, and without which
such projects are only the bottomless pits of capital,
snares to individual speculation, and delusions to
national enterprise. What do we know of the
elevations and of the declivities of the country >
What do we know of the supplies of wood and
water? What engineers have ever ascertained, \
not by hasty reconnoissance, but by careful sur-
veys, the great number of difficulties which every-
body admits to be in the4?S# of the execution of
this scheme? And yet we are asked, without any
of this information—information which has not
been, because it could not be, furnished—to enter
upon this monstrous system of railroads, the like
of which no country in the world ever saw, and
which, great as our resources are, is infinitely be-
yond them. Why, sir, as if the difficulty were
not enough in the execution of one railroad, from
the waters of the Mississippi to the Pacific, we
are startled with the enormous proposition to make
three, when the energies of the whole country
would be taxed to the utmost, even with the gov-
ernmental aid which this bill proffers to execute
and maintain one.
I have not examined the reports which have
recently come from the War Department, and
which hove been ordered to be printed, giving
some information in regard to these routes. I
inquired for one the other day, and was informed
that it was defective, that a certain number of pages
had been omitted m the impression, and that it had
been sent back to the printer to be filled up. 1 am,
therefore, without that information; but I am very
sure that if I had it, it would only increase the
opposition which I make to this measure.
Here are three railroads which it is proposed
we shall offer inducements to the capital and
enterprise of the country to enter upon, each of
which, I understand, will be about two thousand
miles in length—one, perhaps, something under
that length, and the others, probably, a little ex-
ceeding it; but averaging about two thousand
miles, making, in the whole, six thousand miles
of railroad which we design to invite proposals
for making, thiough a country for the most part
utterlyumnhabited, and, to a considerable extent,
equally uninhabitable, without those means which
have been found absolutely necessary to their
execution in all settled countries through which
railroads have heretofore been made, and in spite
of the existence of which means the cost of many
of them has exceeded all calculation, and will
scarcely obtain credence when the statement is
made. -v.
We propose to accomplish this by inviting per-
sons to make contracts upon the promise of a gift
of lands twelve miles in width on each side, in
alternate sections, which is equal to a continuous
grant twelve miles in extent along the whole length
of the railroads. If the railroads be each two
thousand miles long, that will involve a grant of
seventy-two thousand square miles of land—larger
than the Slate of Virginia—about as large as the
States of Virginia and Maryland united, and more
than six times as large as the entire State of
Maryland. It will contain forty-eight million
eighty thousand acres of land,to be given to one,
two, or three companies—a territorial grant ex-
ceeding in liberality anything known in modern
times, and which, if the land were valuable; would
make the individuals or companies concerned, the
most powerful land barons in the world. This
enormous grant, with the other aids of Govern-
ment, it is supposed will enable the parties to ex-
ecute these-works. Well, sir, if this grant of
lands were made through the fertile praii ies of
Illinois, or through such regions as the rich val-
leys of Pennsylvania, very probably, monstrous
as the cost of this work will be, it might be suffi-
cient to induce the ardent and earnest efforts of
individual enterprise to attempt its accomplish-
ment. But who expects, under any state of things,
that these lands will sell at anything like the min-
imum price at which we have heretofore sold our
public lands ? Even if they were vastly better than
they are, considering the legislation of Congress
(so far as the Senate can give it effect) as to the dis-
tribution of immense quantities of bounty lands, it
could not be expected to dispose ofthem at the min-
Pnc® ^ Per acre; but when we con-
sider that the greater portion of the country through
which these railroads must run is necessarily and
forever sterile—that i* stretches across the central
wilderness of a great continent, and is made up,
in a large degree, of barren wastes and inhospita-
ble rocks, we must know that it will be utterly
^possible to dispose of these lands at any price
which will be at all adequate even to the commence'
ment of such an enterprise. Without sufficient
wood and water, for the most part destitute of in-
habitants save the scattered hordes cf savages
