810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
which they pass. How do you know the States
will accept the surrender?
Sir, we are in such utter ignorance of this whole
matter that no man can venture to foretell whether,
if a road were made, it would be practicable to
work it. We know very well that the experience
of the railroads in this country has shown that
many of them, even on the great thoroughfares,
among dense populations, leading from important
points to important points, are not paying their
expenses. Let anybody look through the prices
current which are reported daily in the New York
press, and see how their large roads there are
weighed down under a load of debt, which the
financial ability of those engaged in them cannot
extricate them from, and there is very great doubt
whether it is practicable to carry on many of those
roads at the cost at which they have been made.
Now, in utter ignorance of how this railroad project
will succeed, the only provision to relieve the Uni-
ted States from this mcubus when the contractors
surrender it, is that they are to surrender it to the
States, although it is impossible to know whether
there will be States then to receive it, or if there
be, whether they will take it at all.
Mr. President, 1 should be exceedingly reluct-
ant to see the United States embarking in tilts
scheme, but if it is to be done, 1 put it to the Sen-
ate and to the country, whether it is right in ref-
erence to the public fisc, to the property of the
nation, that contracts which are to involve hun-
dreds of millions of dollars shall be made, with-
out the Government knowing what the contracts
are when they are made; for power is given here
to the three Secretaries named in the bill to make
contracts, without reference to any other branch
of the Government whatever. I have drawn up
an amendment which I intend to submit in lieu of
the third section of the bill, to provide " that all
proposals that may be received under the pro-
visions of the preceding section, shall be reported
by the said Secretaries to Congress, recommending
such, if any, which in their opinions should be
accepted." I move to strike out the third section
• and insert this provision as an amendment.
Mr. WELLER. I apprehend the amendment
is not in order now. We have already adopted
a substitute for the bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. After a substitute has been
adopted, of conrseno amendment to it is in order.
Mr. WELLER. The amendment can be of-
fered after the bill shall have been reported to the
Senate, but certainly not now.
Mr. M ASON. Let the Chair decide the point.
The PRES1DEN F. The amendment will be
in order after the bill shall be reported to the
Senate.
Mr. MASON. I do not know the exact pos-
ture of the bill. Is it now in Committee of the
Whole ?
Mr. BUTLER. They have run us on so
smoothly that we have no idea of where we are.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT. The bill is now before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WELLER. Then the amendment is cer-
tainly not in order.
The PRESIDENT. Certainly not now.
Mr. WELLER. After the bill shall be reported
to the Senate I presume it-will be in order.
The PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. HUNTER. If the bill has not been re-
ported to the Senate, it seems to me that the
amendment is in order.
Mr. WELLER. It is not in order, because a
substitute has already been put in the bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The original bill was before
the Senate. A substitute was offered and per-
fected, and then the substitute was adopted.
Hence it is not m order to move an amendment
to the substitute which has been adopted. It, must
be reported to the Senate, and the amendments
made, as m Committee of the Whole, be acted
on, and then it will be in order to move an amend-
ment.
Mr. HUNTER. If offered after the bill shall
be reported to the Senate, it must be offered before
the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole, be concurred in; because if the Senate
determine to put in the substitute, you cannot after-
wards move to strike out any part of it.
The PRESIDENT. The proper course will be
to propose to amend the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole. It is perfectly compe-
tent to concur in that amendment with an amend-
ment.
Mr. HUNTER. If that substitute is pending
as an amendment to the original bill, my colleague
may offer his proposition as an amendment to that
amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The bill must first be re-
ported to the Senate. I trust it will now be
reported.
The PRESIDENT. If no further amendment
be offered, the bill will be reported to the Senate.
(After a pause.) The Senate, as in Committee of
the Whole, have had under consideration the bill
for the construction of a railroad from the valley
of the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean, and have
agreed to an amendment in the nature of a substi-
tute. The question is, will the Senate concur in
this amendment, made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. MASON. I now move my amendment,
to strike out the third section of the substitute,
and insert the following:
Jlnd be it. further enactd, That all proprosnls that may
be received under the provisions of ihe preceding section
shall be reported by the kik! Secretaries to Congress recom-
mending bueli, if any, which, in their opinion, should be
accepted.
Mr. CHASE. Two years ago, Mr. President,
I had the honor to submit a proposition to the
Senate for the purpose of providing for surveys
of the several routes to the Pacific ocean. That
proposition proved acceptable to a majority here.
It was also agreed to in the other House, with an
amendment striking out one clause, which I re-
garded at the time, and now regard as of great
importance. It provided for receiving propositions
from companies or associations for the construc-
tion of a railroad to the Pacific, upon such route
as should seem to them the best; and that those
propositions should be submitted to Congress at
the next session, for its action, together with the
reports of surveys which were contemplated by
the act. Under the proposition which I submitted,
the sum of $150,000 has been expended in obtaining
information. Several routes have been explored,
and a mass of documents, communicating in part
the results of the explorations, has been recently
laid upon our tables. I presume that the select
committee, of which I have not the honor to be a
member, has examined these reports. I, for one,
have not had an opportunity to do so; but it is
certainly clear that, after expending $150,000 for
information, it does not seem to be exactly wise
statesmanship to disregard that information alto-
fether, and kgislate without any reference to it.
must say, therefore, that, anxious as I am to
provide for the construction of a road to the Pa-
cific,and having done my pint, I think, faithfully,
heretofore, for the purpose of obtaining the inform-
ation necessary to the present action of Congress
upon it, I do not see how I can vote for this bill
in its present shape.
I shall vote for ihe amendment of the Senator
from Virginia, because it contains the identical
principle which 1 formerly proposed, which was
adopted by the Senate, but was stricken out by
the House; and because, instead of referring this
whole great subject to the discretion of three offi-
cers of the Government, it will reserve it for the
control of Congress, where illegitimately resides,
and from which it should never be taken.
The Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,]
in thecourse of some very instructive observations
—for he al way s speaks clearly and to the purpose—
which he submitted when the bill was under con-
sideration two or three days ago, took occasion to
say, that he never expected "to come before the
Senate as an advocate for the proposition of this
bill, three roads to the Pacific, to be constructed
at once, and to be provided for alike. lie told us
then that such a project was not adapted to the
physical circumstances of the country to be trav-
ersed, or to the fiscal condition of the people who
were to build the road.
Certainly, I did not expect from him the speech
which he has to-day made in support of this scheme,
after the objections which he stated to it the other
day; although I am bound in candor to say that he
then declared his purpose in case the bill now before
us should be adopted as a substitute for the orig-
inal bill for one road, he would go with its friends
in its support.
But, sir, let me remind that Senator, and let me
remind the Senate, of' the objections which he
urged a few days ago,against the bill of my friend
from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] for the improve-
ment of the harborsof the lakes. What did that
bill propose? That the expenditure of $100,000
for Lake Erie, and proportionate amounts for the
other lakes, should be confided to the discretion
I of the Secretary of War, to be exercised as we
knew it would be and must be, through the board
of topographical engineers, from whom we receive
the information upon which we base all our legis-
lation on such subjects. The Senator from New
York, at that time, insisted that it was an enor-
mous departure from the proper line of legislation,
to confine even that limited discretion to the Sec-
retary of War, and such was his opposition to the
bill, made upon no other ground, that its oppo-
nents succeeded in sending it back to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, with instructions to report
specific appropriations for each particular improve-
ment. Thus were much needed appropriations
for objects of great importance, and close at home,
put in jeopardy by theSenator'sjealousyofExec-
utive discretion. Now, what does the bill which
the Senator defends propose? To confide to three
officers of the Government the making of con-
tracts for three great routes to the Pacific ocean.
You propose to abdicate the wholepower of Con-
gress over this great and interesting subject to
three Executive officers of the Government. If
the one wus wrong, how much more wrong is the
other? If the bill of the Senator from Michigan
was indefensible, how much more indefensible is
the proposition contained in this bill ?
I do not wish, sir, to detain the Senate upon
this question. I am for one road to the Pacific
ocean; I am for one road, with a route and termi-
nations fixed by Congress; I am for taking time to
examine the information already collected, and for
collecting more, if necessary. Then I am for build-
ing the road with cash,and not with land. I want
no legislation which promises so much, and secures
so little.
In the mean time, if 1 had the control of this
business, I would urge the making of a military
road, or a common post road to the Pacific. More
than one such road might be opened, if circum-
stances should indicate the propriety of doing so.
Along such routes the currents of emigration would
naturally flow. At convenient points settlements
could be established; and in due time the railroad
would necessarily follow. That, it seems to me,
would be practical, common sense legislation. It
would give you a road at once for mail routes
ucross the continent. It would secure emigration
better than your new regiments. It would more
certainly secure a good railroad within three years
than will the provisions of this bill. But, sir, the
responsibility of this measure rests chiefly upon
others. I have only the voice of a single Senator
upon this subject; and all I mean now to say is,
that in voting for the proposition of the Senator
from Virginia, as I intend to do, I shall vote in
accordance with the line of action which I orig-
inally marked out for myself, and which I have
pursued from the commencement of the discus-
sions on this subject.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, it was a common
understanding among the friends of this measure
that they would not debate it; but it seems to me
to be rather hard that they should continue to be
bound by that understanding, and hear the many
objections, many of them, in my opinion, ill-
founded, which are urged, without being at liberty
to state anything in answer to them. I do not
now propose to avail myself of the privilege ex-
tended to me by awarding me the floor at this
time to discuss this bill; but I wish to correct a
few of what I consider the misstatements of gen-
tlemen founded on a want of recollection in regard
to the manner in which this bill is now brought
before the Senate.
In the first place, it is said that it is hurried, that
gentlemen are taken by surprise, with no oppor-
tunity to examine it, and that we do not know
enough on the subject to say whether the measure
is practicable or not. This question has been for
at least three years before the consideration of the
public, and to some extent before the Senate and
House of Representatives. Two years ago the
whole matter was pretty well examined according
to the lights we then had. We had a number cf
reports of engineers who had been sent on explor-
ing expeditions to the various passes supposed to
be practicable at that moment; but they were not
