1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
considered to be sufficient, and Congress, at that
session, determined, on the motion of the Senator
from Ohio, that we should have still further ex-
plorations before we decided upon that subject.
Again, sir, even at the last session, a year ago,
there was considerable discussion on this subject,
if I do not disremember. In addition to that, you
have had, during the most of the last session and
the whole of the present session, a special com-
mittee of gentlemen who take a deep interest in
this subject, and who felt some responsibility in
the proper discharge of the duties which had been
assigned them, and who considered every ques-
tion, pertinent and proper to be considered, before
they would venture, or, perhaps, I may say dare,
to offer any proposition to the Senate. It seems
to me, therefore, that there is no surprise, but that
there has been full time.
The other objection is, that we might have still
more information on the subject if we were to
delay action I have no doubt that if we were to
defer the measure till the next Congress, and then
till the succeeding one, and so on, we should
finally get some further information. But, sir, I
shall not dwell on that, for I wish to call the atten-
tion of honorable Senators to what took place in
debate on this question two years ago, so as to
show the grounds on which the select committee
who reported this bill, thought this was probably
the only practicable measure by which we could
ever get Congress to sanction any railroad to the
Pacific. They thought this measure to receive
bids, and open competition for three roads, the
only one which could he carried. We had a test
of that question to some extent two years ago, in
the debate to which I have already alluded.
Mr. BUTLER.. I wish to ask my friend a
question, as 1 know he will answer it candidly.
Has he examined the plats and surveys with such
critical precision and accuracy as to say which
route he would prefer, if it depended on his judg-
ment?
Mr. BELL. I have satisfied myself on the
point.
Mr. BUTLER. I am a slower scholar; it
would take me at least a month to inform myself
on the maps which were submitted to us only
about a week ago.
Mr. BELL. I do not desire to occupy the time
of the Senate, because it is in consequence of the
courtesy of gentlemen who feel a deep interest in
other bills which are pressing on the attention of
the body, that we have been permitted to take up
this bill at all; but I will say, in answer to the
question propounded by the Senator from South
Carolina, that the select committee thought it best
to leave the selection of routes to those who were
to build the roads. The committee gave full ex-
amination to the question, what route was most
practicable and advantageous, which could be con-
structed with the greatest economy, which would
be most useful practically; but they finally came
to the conclusion that it would be better to refer
that whole subject to the capitalists who would
build the road, and who would have to calculate,
according to the provisions of the bill, upon ex-
pending at least $80,000,000 or $100,000,000 of
their money. Wethoughttlieirjudgment,asto the
probable results in passengers and freight on any
one route, would be the safest to rely upon. We
thought they would be much more sagacious, that
they would be apt to be more cautious, and would
arrive at a safer conclusion than any or all of the
members of the Senate put together, on a question
of that sort; and when they arrived at the conclu-
sion that such or such a route was the most prac-
ticable, the most feasible for making a road of the
solid nature which is proposed in the bill; the one
the most likely to be remunerative to themselves,
and of the greatest advantage to the public; the
one over which there would be the greatest amount
of transportation of troops and munitions of war,
both in the military and naval service; and the
one which would be most amply supported by
way travelers and freight, when they had done
that, they would be most likely to select the route
which would be most generally useful and advan-
tageous for all sections of the Union. We trans-
fer the tribunal from ourselves, and commit it, by
the proposition contained in the bill, to those who
have a deeper interest in the matter, if possible,
than we have.
But, sir, with regard to one route—there is no
one that would combine a majority of voices here
if it was as clear as sunlight that it was practi-
cable and feasible; because it cannot be contended
for a moment but that there are several routes that
are practicable and feasible, if you apply sufficient
means for the construction of the road. Though
it might be as clear, I say, as day, that such a
route was the most practicable, and would meet
the wants of the largest portion of the people of
the United States, of all sections, north, middle,
and south, it could not combine a majority of this
body or of the other House. Do you ask why ?
Because such is human nature; such is the nature
of our representative system. As long as there
is another route that is more in conformity with
the wishes and supposed advantages of another
section—a route North or a route South which is
equally as good as, or approximates to, the other—
they will not give their concurrence to the one
route. We have had sufficient evidence to satisfy
us—ijt least I had, as one of the committee—that
every'year that we propose to postpone the sub-
ject, the greater will be the difficulty in getting any
road authorized.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to ask the Senator
whether he thinks there will be three roads?
Mr. BELL. I do not.
Mr. BUTLER. You do not think there will
be more than one?
Mr. BELL. Not in our day; we concluded
that unless we proposed the three routes, and gave
the chances to the different sections, no bill could
pass; and if we could not do it now, it would be
equally impossible next year, or the year after
that. I want to illustrate it by a single example.
When we had a long debate on this subject two
years ago, and we attempted a compromise, by
which we could get a proposition to pass ihrougli
both Houses for one road, to leave the Executive
to determine where the eastern terminus should be
placed, the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Chase] was appealed to by myself—for he took
an interest in the question as he does now—to
sustain it, and after considering it, he rejected the
proposition, and said he never would give his sup-
port to any railroad, the eastern terminus of which
was south of Missouri. That honorable Senator
will not deny it now. He thinks that five years,
or ten years hence, when we have substituted
what he calls a military road for communication
between the valley of the Mississippi, or the old
States on the Atlantic, and the Pacific, it will be
time enough to determine where this great railroad
shall be communicating between the Atlantic and
the States on the Pacific. No doubt, sir, there
would be a probability then that his own particu-
lar views would be more certainly carried out, but
those views do not suit me; and I think we ought
to have an equal chancc, and have it now. As to
where the great mass of the population of this
Union, in the territory of which it is now com-
posed, shall be finally concentrated, no man can
doubt, and how long it may be before those
objects are accomplished, we do not know. I do
not know what the honorable Senator's views or
motives are now; but, I say, his course does not
suit me upon that subject. I know there are
those who will never agree to any road south, or
to any road which does not exactly tally with their
views of what the future prospects of the country
require. There are not many such in Congress, I
admit. They are not numerous. A great many
gentlemen from the North are liberal and catholic
in their views on this subject,and they are willing
to give equal chances to all.
For these reasons, Mr. President, I do not think
that the proposition of the honorable Senator from
Virginia would facilitate Congress in coming to a
decision as to where the road should be. Sup-
pose his amendment should be adopted, and it
were referred to the Secretaries to report the bids,
and they should be reported to Congress, and then
Congress should attempt to decide which would
be most advantageous to the Government; and
suppose the advantages greatly preponderated in
favor of one route over the others, would Congress
agree to it? He shows little experience in public
affairs upon questions involving great sectional
and local interests, who says it would be done.
I am not speaking of any general sectional ques-
tion, north or south, but of all sections, northern,
southern, and middle. You could not get a con-
currence of the majority, though the advantages
of one route should preponderate greatly over the
other. That was the reason why the committee
were not disposed to have the question come be-
fore Congress again. They knew that it would
be fatal to the scheme.
Mr. MASON. Do I understand the Senator to
say, that as it is perfectly certain in his judgment
that Congress never could determine upon the
route, therefore it is wise to delegate the power to
the Secretaries of the Navy, and War, and to the
Postmaster General ?
Mr. BELL. Under the restriction provided in
the bill I do say so most confidently. Well, we
do not select the road. It is the capitalists who
select, and each section which concurs in the pas-
sage of this bill runs the risk of the sagacity and
ability of the bidders who propose to construct the
road. If I fail in getting the road where I desire
it, I must submit, because I think we ought to
have a road somewhere. If it is the extreme
northern road, and if we are to have nothing but
the northern rond, let us have the advantage of it.
If it is to be the middle route, then, I say, let it be
the middle route. But, I repeat, Congress will
never concur in one road, and that in the nature
of things, because the local interests of the whole
frontier, from the Rio Grande to the lakes, are
great; and they will necessarily have a bias on the
judgment of the Representatives.
1 shall not detain the Senate, but! want to state
one or two facts in reply to what has been said on
the other side. The Senator from Maryland says
this is a most reckless proposition on the part of
the Government, to undertake, or give encourage-
ment to, the construction of three great roads.
What does the Government propose to give? In
what is this charge of recklessness, as to the prop-
osition before the Senate, founded? How is it in
regard to the public property? That was the
language used by the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia. It. is indeed proposed to give twelve sec-
tions of land in the mile, in a Territory which the
honorable Senator from Maryland describes as a
barren, sterile, waste. We propose to give that
amount of land, but not one cent does the Gov-
ernment propose to give beyond that, unless for a
fair consideration received in return, either at the
beginning or end. But gentlemen are so sensitive
and jealous about it that they think the Govern-
ment will have to do all the work tit last. We
propose to take §500,000 as a deposit for the ac-
complishment of some part of the work by either
class of contractors on either one of these roads.
We hold out no pledge or inducement to give one
cent beyond the land, except the $300 a mile for
carrying a mail daily—only one third of what we
give now for carrying it semi-monthly, or monthly
perhaps, I do not know which. Then, if it goes
one hundred miles into the interior, and we give
that sum upon that distance, it amounts to $30,000
for that one hundred miles. Then we are that
much nearer the bay ofSan Francisco, from which
we can extend the military road .which the Senator
from Ohio speaks of. Not one cent beyond that
do we give. As to munitions of war, we only
agree to give the rate of what is now the aggre-
gate cost of transportation, even if the three roads
should be made.
Now, sir, where is the recklessness with which
we are liable to be justly chargeable in making
such a proposition a3 that ? As for the public
property, I put it to the honorable Senator from
Virginia how much of that public property—the
public lands, the twelve sections in the mile—will
ever enure to the benefit of the United States'
Treasury, running through a territory of sterility,
as we are told by the Senator from Maryland
they do, and through mountain passes, which
some gentlemen say are impracticable anyhow.
They do not suppose they would ever be of any
advantage to the United States.
But, sir, this bill falls far short of what I should
be willing to give to encourage the competition of
bidders for the road. I should be willing to give
them thecreditof this Government for $20,000,000
in addition to the public lands. It would be econ-
omy in the Government to do so.
1 just wanted to say a few words in answer to
this charge. I do not wish to stand here with
my mouth closed and hear this denounced as a
most extravagant and reckless demand upon the
Treasury of the United States.
Mr. WELLS. I have been listening to thia
debate with the view of forming a correct judg-
ment. in relation to the measure now pending, it
is well known to you, sir, that 1 have not been
