814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
the Senate, or a company should present itself,
.offering to construct a road upon the ordinary
terms upon which we grant aid to railroads, X
should vote just such aid and just as cheerfullyas
1 would for any other route, if double theamount
was required, so important do I consider it, that
I would vote double the amount. But I do not
consider this bill, as I have said, as founded on
right principles. I think the true course is to re-
ceive the propositions from the companies, and
that Congress shall determine upon what terms
proper aid shall be afforded.
Mr. BELL. I merely desire to say, that 1 prob-
ably misunderstood the language of the honorable
Senator upon the occasion referred to, when there
was a proposition to compromise, so as to enable
the Senate to pass the bill which was under dis-
cussion two years ago, by referring it to the Ex-
ecutive to get the information, and select the eastern
terminus. Some gentlemen were unwilling to
accede to that, because they thought it ought to be
within certain parallels of latitude. A proposition
was submitted for that purpose, and the honorable
Senator was appealed to to say whether he would
not modify his proposition, so as to take the road
as far south, I think, as Memphis or Vicksburg;
and he, after consideration, I think, not only on
the floor of the Senate, but after a night's deliber-
ation, came in the next day, and said he would
not agree to any compromise of that kind, to bring
the southern terminus to any point south of Mis-
souri. But now I exonerate him, because he stated
to me privately, as well as on the floor of the Sen-
ate, that I have been mistaken. I am very happy
to see that I was mistaken in my inference. I sup-
posed he would not vote for any road with the
terminus south of Missouri.
Mr. CHASE. I only declined to modify under
the circumstances which existed at that time; but
as to thegeneral proposition, the Senator certainly
misapprehended me.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, on
Mr. Mason's amendment, resulted—yeas 21,
nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Brainerd,
Brown, Butler, Chase, CUy, Clayton, Dawson, Evans,
Fitzpatrick, Gillette, Hunter, Mason, Pearce, Pratt, Sum-
ner, Thompson of Kentucky, Well?, and Wilson—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Benjamin, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Dodge of fowa, Douglas, Fessenden, Foot, Geyer,
Gvvin, Hamlin, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennes-
see, Morton, Pcttit, Rusk, Sebastain, Seward, Shield*, Sli-
dell, Stuart, Toucey, Wade, Walker, and Weller—^8.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. STUART. I desire to offeran amendment
to the ninth section to carry out the present pro-
visions. It is, after the word " California " to
insert11 nor m any other States through which it
may run," so as to require the assent of any State
that may be formed hereafter. The clause will
then read:
And no road shall b« made in pursuance of this act in
the Stare of California, nor in any other State through
which it may run, without the authority of the Legislature
of that State, and then only by virtue of the authority of
such State.
Mr. DOUGLAS and Mr. GWIN. That is
right.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time. On the
question "Shall the bill pass?" Mr. Hunter
called for the yeas and nays, and they were
ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays
21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Benjamin, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas. Foot, Gillette, Gwm,
Hamlin, Jame*, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Jones ofTennes-
see, Morton, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Slidell,
Stuart Toucey, Wade, and Welier—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Brainerd, Brod-
head, Brown, Butler, Chase, Clay, Clayton, Dawson,
Evans, Fitzpatnck, Geyer, Hunter, Mason, Pearce, Pratt,
Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, and Wells—21.
So the bill was
On motion by Mr. WELLER, the title was
amended so as to read " An act to authorize and
facilitate the construction of a northern, a south-
ern, and a central Pacific railroad and magnetic
telegraph through the Territories of the United
States."
ItAILROAD IRON DUTIES.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
Senate resume the consideration of the bill grant-
ing to railroad companies three years in which to
pay the duties on iron imported for railroad pur-
poses. I make the motion in order that the bill
may be the unfinished business of to-day.
Mr. STUART. I understand that the Senator
does not intend to press the consideration of the
bill to-day. Hj*3 only desire is to take it up, and
then to let us proceed to the consideration of Exec-
utive business.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I simply desire to
have it the unfinished business, so that it will
come up to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHASE. I now move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until one o'clock
to-morrow, and make it the special order for that
time. I make this motion in order that we may
proceed to the consideration of Executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills, which were thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore:
A bill for the relief of Henry H. Marsh;
A bill authorizing the issue of a register to the
Russian-built ship Aina;
A bill for the relief of Rebecca Winn, widow
and executrix of the last will and testament of
Timothy Winn, deceased, late a purser in the
Navy of the United States;
A bill to provide for holding an additional term
of the circuit court of the United States for the dis-
trict of Missouri, and for holding special terms of
he district and circuit courts of the United States
for the northern district of Ohio;
A bill to establish the office of surveyor general
of Utah, and to grant land for school and uni-
versity purposes; *ind
A bill increasing the pension of Anthony Wal-
ter Bayard, of Bellefonte, in the State of Pennsyl-
vania.
IRON FOR PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. JAMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing:
Resolved, That there be printed, for the use of the Senate,
two thousand additional copies of the letter of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, communicating a report and drawings
of experiments to test the strength of wrought iron, beams,
and girdeis. to be used in the construction of buildings for
the accommodation of United States courts, custom houses,
and post offices.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. CHASE. I move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. JOHNSON. I believe there is another mo-
tion which has precedence of that. I move that
the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes 17, noes 22.
Mr. Chase's motion was agreed to; and the
Senate proceeded to the consideration of Execu-
tive business, and after some time spent therein,
the doors were reopened.
MAIL STEAMER BILL.
The bill from the House of Representatives
making appropriations for the transportation of
the United States mail by ocean steamers and other-
wise, for the fiscal years ending June 30,1855, and
June 30, 1850, was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Finance,
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 19, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journ al of Saturday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting additional estimates for the public
service in Kansas and Nebraska; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the House of the 10th instant, a copy of a commu-
nication received from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, with reference to the amount of money
paid to James T. Miller and another, as directed
bv the Senate amendment to the treaty with the
Miami Indians, of August, 1854.
On motion by Mr. CLTNGMAN, the commu-
nication and accompanying document were or-
dered to be printed and referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bills; which thereupon received the signature of
the Speaker:
Senate bill (No. 577) authorizing the issue of a
register to the Russian-built ship Aina.
Senate bill (No. 286) to provide for holding an
additional term of the circuit court of the United
States for the district of Missouri, and for holding
special terms of the district and circuit courts of
the United States for the northern district of
Ohio.
STEAMSHIP PASSENGER REGULATIONS.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to present the fol-
lowing resolutions, and ask to have them read for
information.
At a meeting of merchants, ship-owners, ship-
masters, and others connected with commerce in
New York, in approval of the bill prepared by
the Treasury Department to regulate the carriage
of passengers by steamships and other vessels,
the following preamble and resolutions were unan-
imously adopted:
Whereas, it appears by the proceedings of the Senate
of the United States, that the bill " to regulate the carriage
of passengers bv steamships and other vessel?," prepared
by the Treasury Department, to remedy defects in the ex-
isting laws* on the subject, from which so much embarrass-
ment lias been caused to the shipping interests of the whole
country, after being reported unanimously by the Committee
on L'ommeice of the Senate, w.«s arrested hi h> passage by
a deference to the expressed wishes of Senator Fish, as
stated in his behalf: And whereas, the provisions of this
bill .ire acceptablc to the commercial and shjppuigtnterests
of ihe country, as a lemcdy of existing d^fccis in the law,
and as sjjoIi, have also received the unanimous approval of
the Committee on Commerce in the Senate and House of
Representatives, and contains no provision inconsistent
with the bill on the subject as rfjportf d by Senator Fish
himself, and the passage of the bill before the rising of Con-
gress is lmpeiatively demanded by the exigencies of the
case : And whereas, the only obstacle to its passage is un-
derstood to arise from the wish of Senator Fish that the
subject should not be acted upon in his absence, unless the
law include novel provisions satisfactory to Inm; and we
understand that his absence is to continue for the remainder
of the present session of Congress—
Resolved, That the passage of the bill " to regulate the
ciriiage of passengers by steamships and other vessels," as
prepared by the Treasury Department, and unanimously
approved by the Committees on Commerce of both Houses
of Congress, is imperatively demanded to remedy recognized
defects of the law, and to protect the merchants and ship-
owners of the commercial ports of the whole country from
oppressive and vexatious litigation, and ruinous embarrass-
ment in the employment of their vessels.
Resolved, That whatever respect we may entertain for
Senator Fish and his views and wishes on this subject, we
carmot consent that our important interests should be sac-
rificed in deference to Ins ab.-ence from the Senate, and
thus a measure of pressing necessity, which has secured
the approval of the Treasury Department, and the com-
mittees of Congress, and U satisfactory to the commercial
interests of the country, should be lost.
Resolved, That regarding both the Senators from thia
Stato as the guardians of its interests in the Senate of the
United States, we cannot consent that either shall be con-
sidered as the exclusive representative of its commerce j
and that, as Senator Fisn will be absent from Washington
during the remainder of the session of Congress, we respect-
fully and earnestly request that Senator Sewako will, iri
accordance with his wise and enlightened views in respect
to the commerce of the nation, advocate the passage of the
bill now before the Senate.
Resolved, That the Representatives from the city of
New York in Congress, be respectfully requested to further
the passage of the bill now before the Senate, that it may
by no means fail to become a law„at the present session of
Congress.
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be published
m the papers, and a copy be forwarded to Senator Seward,
and to each of the Representatives from this city in Coh-
gress.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to have the resolu-
tions which I have presented referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr, JONES. I object, and insist on the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
Chair will have to rule the resolutions out of
order.
Mr. WHEELER. Very well; then I wiil have
to object to everything else out of order; and will
have the resolutions referred, under the rule, to the
Committee on Commerce.
