81#
THE CONGRESSIONAL G.LOB0D.
February 19;
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hopethe gen-
tleman will yield to me for a moment.
Mr. ORR. Thegentleman must excuse me.
1 have now stated, Mr. Speaker, the necessities
which, in my judgment, induce the House to come
to a direct vote on this question at once. If there
be a majority of the House concurring with me
in that opinion, the motion which I am going to
move will be then seconded, and the House will
be brought to a direct vote. If there be not a
majority of the House concurring with me my
proposition will be voted down. I call for the
previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope, Mr.
Speaker, that the gentleman's call for the previous
question may not be sustained.
Mr. BAYLY, ofVirginia. All I desire is that
the House may understand the effect of this vote.
1 have no objection to the previous question being-
sustained; but that brings the House to a vote on
the bill, and not on the proposition to postpone.
The SPEAKER. The effect will be to cut off
the motion for postponement, and bring the House
to a direct vote on the reconsideration.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I demand tellers on
sustaining the call for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Edmondson were appointed.
The question was taken; and the call for the
previous question was sustained; the tellers having
reported—ayes 88, noes 74.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I demand the
yeas and nays on ordering the main question to
be now put.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make
an inquiry of the Chair, so that we may vote un-
derstandingly on this question. If we refuse to
order the main question to be now put, does not
this question just go over until to-morrow morning,
when it will be put? Debate is now precluded,
and we must come to a vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide ques-
tions as they arise. This is a peculiar question
before the House. The Chair doubts whether or
not, we must not, under the Constitution, con-
sider it in some form before we take up any other
business.
Mr. PECKHAM. If the main question be
ordered to be now put, we vote alonft-on the mo-
tion for reconsideration ?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
The question was taken; and the main question
was ordered to be now put—yeas 112, nays 77; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Arhe, Barks-
dale, Barry, Belcher, Benton, Uncock, Boyce, fiteckm-
ridge, Bridges,Oaruthers, Caskie, Chamberlain, Clmstaui,
Chnsman, Clark, Cltngman, Cobb, CooK, Craige, Ourub,
John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Dawson, DowdeM, Drum,
Dunbar, Dunham, Eddy, Edgerton, Edmutulf-on, John M.
Elliott, Ellison, English, Faulkner, Fuller, Cloode, Green,
Greenwood, Gioyv, Hamilton, Andrew J. Harlan, Haven,
Hcndneks, llenn, llibbard, Hill, Hon&ton, Hughes, John-
son, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones,
Roland Jones, Kent, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane, Letcher, Lind-
ley. Lmdsley, Macdonald, McDougall, McMuIlin, MeNair,
McClueen, Maxwell, May, Smith Miller, Mill&on, Mor-
rison, Murray, Nichols, Noble, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Packer, John Perkins, Phillips, Powell, Pratt, Richardson,
David Ritchie, Thomas Ituchey, Robhins, Rowe, Rufiin,
Seward, Seymour, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Singleton,
Skelton, William Smith, William It. Smith, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Stratlon, Slraub, Andrew
Stuart, John J. Taylor,Teller, Thurston, Vansant, Walker,
Warren, Wells, Daniel JB, Wright, and Ilendrick B,
Wright—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Thomas II. Bayly, Ball, Banks, Ben-
nett, Benson. Bliss, Bristow, Brooks, Campbell, Carpenter,
Chandler, Chase, Convin, Cox, Crocker, Cullom, Cutting, j
De Witt, Dickinson, Disney, Eastman, Edmonds, Thomas >
D. Eliot, Etlieridge, Farley, Fentoa, Flagler, Florence,
Gamble, Giddings, Goodrich, Goodwin, Aaron liarlan,
Harrison, Hastings, Hiester, Howe, Hunt, Kmredge, Knox,
Latham, Lyon, McCulloch, Mace, Meachani, Middle-
swarth, Moryan, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peck,
Peekliam, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, Pnngle, Pnryear,
Ready, Reese, Riddle, Russell, Sabin, Sapp, Simmons,
Sobers, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Tracy,
Opham, Wade, Walbridge, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, John Wentworth, Tappau Wentworth, Wheel-
er, Yates, and Zoliicoffer—77.
So the main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. ORR. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the main question was ordered to be now
put, and that that motion be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Will the House, on recon-
sideration, agree to pass the bill?
Mr, FLORENCE. I demand the yeas and j
naysf • (
The SPEAKER. - The yeas and nays are or-
dered by the Constitution itself.
Mr. PRATT. The question is not understood
in this part of the HalL
The SPEAKER. It is, whether, on recon-
sideration, the bill shall or shall not pass? Those
in favor of the passage of the bill, the President's
objections to the contrary notwithstanding, will
answer, when called, aye; those opposed will an-
swer, no.
The qusstion was then taken on the passage of
the bill; and it was disagreed to—yeas 113, nays
86; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrorabie, Aiken, Willis Allen, Ap-
pleton, Thomas II. Bayly, Ball, Bunks, Belcher, Bennett,
Benson, Bliss, Bridges, Biistovv, Brooks, CatnpMi. Car-
penter, Carutl)prn, Chamberlain, Chandler, Chase, Cling-
man, Cook, Corwm, Crocker, Cullom, Curiis, Cutting,
Thomas I)avis, Dc Witt, Dickinson, Disney, Eaamian,
Edgeaon, Mdmands, Thoma* I). Eliot, Everhart, Parley,
• Fenton, Florence, Fuller, Gamble, Giddings, Goodrich,
' Goodwin, Ilamson, Hasting?, Ilaven, Hill, Howe, Hunt,
i Ingersoli, J. Glaney Jones, Kent, Kerr, Kittredge, Knox,
Lindley, McCulloch, Macdonald, McDougall, Macy, Mat-
teson, Max.well, May, Mayall, Meachaui, Middleswarth,
Moigan, Norton, i'ackcr, Parker, Peck, Peckham, Pen-
nington, Bishop Pprkm*, Phillips, Pratt, Princle, Puryear,
Heady, Reese, Riddle, David Ritchie, Hobbins, Russell,
Sabin, Seymour, Shower, Simmons, William Smith, Sol-
lers, Piedeuck P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, John L.
Taylor, Nathaniel G. Tayloi, Teller, Thurston, Tracy,
Trout, T\wed, Upham, Vansant, Wade, Walbridge,
Walker, Klbhu B. Washburue, Israel Washburn, John
Wontworth, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, Wheeler,
Yates, and ZollioolFer—IiX
NAVS—Mesers. Jame* C. Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey,
Baiksdale, Barry, Benton, Bocock, Boyee, Breckinridge,
Crukie, Ohastam, Chrisman, Clark, Cobb, Cox, Craige.
John G. Davis, Dawson, Dowdell, Uuubur, Dunham, Eddy^
Edmumison, John M. Elliott, Ellison, English, Etheridge,
Faulkner, Goode, Green, Greenwood, Grey, Grow, Hamil-
ton, Andrew J. riarlan, Hendricks, llenn, llibbard, Hous-
ton. Hughes, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W.Jones,
! Roidud Jones, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane. Latham, Letcher, Lilly,
: Lindley, MoMulhn, MeNair, McQueen, Smith Miller,
' Millson, Morrison, Muiray, Nichols, Noble, Olds, Mor-
, decai Oliver, Orr, John Perkins, Powell, Richardson,
' Thomus llitchey, Rowe, Rutfin, Sapp, Seward, Shannon,
i Shaw, Smyleton, Skelton, Suimml A. Smith, William 11.
j Smith, George W. Smyth, Stratton, Straub, Andrew
j Stuart, John J. Taylor, Warren, Witte, Daniel B. Wright,
I and Hendtick B. Wright—86.
| So, two thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
: House refused to pass the bill over the President's
' veto.
j Previous to the announcement of the above
• vote,
i Mr. ETHERIDGE said; Mr.Speaker, I voted
| against the bill on its passage, and shall vote
| against it now; but I do not wish to have my vote
: considered as either approving or disapproving
j the President's veto message.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
! A message was received from the Senate, by
1 Mr. Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, notifying
, the House that that body had passed sundry bills,
i and asked its concurrence therein.
j ENROLLED BILLS,
i Mr. GREEN, from the Committee o« Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the
; following titles; which received the Speaker's sig-
f nature:
j An act for the relief of Henry A. Marsh;
I An act for the relief of Rebecca Winn, widow
i and executrix of the last will and testament of Tim-
othy "Winn, deceased, late a purser in the Navy
of the United States; and
' An act to establish the office of surveyor gen-
; eral of Utah, and to grant land for school and
' university purposes.
, CHANGE OF THE HOUR OP DAILY MEETING.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. 1 submit the following
resolution:
i Resolved, That after this day the hoiirof dailjuueetiug
1 of this House be eleven o'clock, a. m.
[Cries of " I object!"]
! Mr. ETHERIDGE. Objection being made, I
move a suspension of the rules to enable me to
1 submit that resolution.
The question was taken; and the rules were
I suspended.
! Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts, I
I move to amend the resolution by adding as fol-
, lows:
i Resolved, That on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday of
the present week, the lloude will meet one hour before the
usual tune, and that such hour be devoted to the reception
of reports from committees to be recommitted, or to lie
upon the table—the committees ts be called iu their usual
order.
Mr. DISNEY. 1 object. •
The SPEAKER. As the resolution, offered as
an amendment relates to a different subject' from,
that of-the original resolution, the-Ch'air is of the
opinion that, being objected to, it is not in order.
' Mr. ETHERIDGfc: I call for the previous
question on my resolution. _ '
The call for the previous question received a
second, and the main question was ordered to be
now put.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
passed.
" Mr. ETHERIDGE. X rise to a privileged
question. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the resolution was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The question was taken; and the latter motion
agreed to.
COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
Mr. HAVEN. Is it in order to move to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. HAVEN. Without enlarging upon what
has been said in relation to the condition of the
public business, I desire to test the sense of the
House 
Mr. HENN. I call the gentleman to order. £
want to know what is before the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order in his remarks unless he submits some prop-
osition.
Mr. HAVEN. Well, sir, I move that the
rules be suspended and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to—ayes ninety-six, noes not counted.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hibbard in the
chair.)
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to takeup
the bill of the House (No. 5G9) making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1856, and for other purposes.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the unfinished busi-
ness. There is no need of the motion.
Mr. HENN. I ask the Chair if that bill is the
first business in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not; but that fact
makes no difference in the opinion of the Chair.
The Chair thinks it is in order to move to takeup
any appropriation bill.
Mr. HENN. Is there not another appropria-
tion bill in advance of that?
The CHAIRMAN. There is; but that makes
no difference. The Chair decides the motion of
the gentleman from Tennessee to be in order.
The question was put; and the motion agreed to.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move to lay aside the
civil and diplomatic bill and take up the Army
appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. It is the opinion of the
Chair that the motion is not in order, the Com-
mittee having just decided to take up the bill now
under consideration. The Clerk will proceed to
read the bill.
Mr. FAULKNER. I must take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee have voted
to take up and now proceed to the consideration
of the civil and diplomatic bill. The gentleman
from Virginia moves to lay aside that bill, and to
take up the Army appropriation bill. The Chair
decides that the committee having voted to proceed
with the consideration of the bill they have taken
up, the motion of the gentleman from Virginia is
not in order. Prom this decision that gentleman
takes an appeal, and the question is, " Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee?"
The question was taken; and tha decision of the
Chair sustained.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the consent
of tha House to dispense with the first reading of
the bill.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Clerk will pro-
ceed with the reading of the bill.
Mr. JONES. I have only to remark that I
