THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. G.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1855.
New Series....No. 52.
hope the gentleman from New York will find the
reading ot the bill entertaining.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will proceed to
read the bill.
The Clerk proceeded to read.
Mr. ORR. Is it in order to move to dispense
with the first reading of the bill, and to read it by
paragraphs for amendment ? If it is, I make that
motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
The rule is imperative, and unless the gentleman
from New York withdraws his objection, the bill
must be read through.
Mr. HENN. I appeal to the gentleman from
New York to withdraw his objection.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York has been appealed to half a dozen times to
withdraw his objection, and has refused. The
Clerk will proceed to read the bill.
Mr ORR. I desire to ask the Chair one ques-
tion. The reading of this bill through before
reading for amendments has never been practiced
by the House. The gentleman from New York,
however, now insists upon that reading. I desire
to inquire of the Chair whether, if the committee
now agree to rise, it will be in the power of the
House to suspend the rule requiring the first read-
ing of this bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so thinks.
Mr. ORR. 1 then submit that motion. It will
occupy much less time than to read the bill
through.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the gentle-
man will not submit that motion.
Mr. WHEELER. I withdraw my objection.
The reading of the bill by paragraphs for amend-
ments was then proceeded with.
Mr. MURRAY. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the word " seventy," in the seventy-
eighth line, and inserting " one hundred" in lieu
thereof, so as to make it read, " for binding docu-
ments, $100,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MURRAY. I have another amendment
which I desire to offer. I move to insert, after the
ninetieth line, the words " for additional engrav-
ing and lithographing, $30,000."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from New York if that is from the Committee
on Printing?
Mr. MURRAY. Yes, sir; from the Joint Com-
mittee on Printing.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I offer the following
amendment:
After the ninety-third line, insert as follows:
For compensation to P. VV. Lander, civil engineer, for
furnishing a re port of lnsrt'connojssnnct* for aiaihoiid route
froin Washington and Oropm Territories, by way of Fort
Hal!, lo the Salt Lake, $f),000.
We passed an order last session authorizing the
Secretary of War to procure this report; it was i
ordered to be printed, and is now published as
one of the documents of the House. I wish only
to state that this is a mere matter of justice to Mr.
Lander.
Mr. HOUSTON. This is not the right place
for the amendment. It ought to come in under
a different head.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Alabama raise a question of order?
Mr. BOUsrON. I think the amendment is
out of place here. This portion of the bill is to
provide for the expenses proper of the House of
Representatives. And it is not competent to attach
to a clause of that kind a provision for railroad
surveys.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Secretary of War,
by the order of this House last session, was di-
rected to procure the report of F. W. Lander. It
was procured from him by the Secretary, and
published by order of the House. It seems to me
that it can be introduced at this point as appropri-
ately as at any other in the bill.
I will now briefly explain my amendment. Mr.
F. VV. Lander is an eminent civil engineer who
accompanied Governor Stevens in his survey of
52
the northern route. Upon his arrival in that
Territory, the Legislative Assembly of the Terri-
tory passed a resolution requesting Mr. Lander
to conduct a reconnoissance from Puget's Sound,
so as to communicate with what it was supposed
would be a central route to California, and which
waa then supposed by that Legislature to be the
only practicable one. The Legislature have passed
a resolution requesting their Delegate upon this
floor to ask Congress to pay him his expenses.
At his own expense he made a reconnoissance
from Puget's Sound, by Fort Hall and the Salt
Lake, to the Mississippi river. At his own ex-
pense he prepared his report and furnished it in
response to the order of this House. It is an able
report, prepared by an able civil engineer, and all
he asks is, that you will return to him, for his ex-
penses and his services, the small sum of $5,000,
whereas the reconnoissance conducted by Gov-
ernor Stevens cost the Government some $60,000.
I think it a mere matter of absolute justice.
Mi. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not intend to
go ina discussion of this policy of railroad sur-
veys, but to ask the gentleman to withdraw his
amendment, and bring it in under the miscella-
neous head, and not put it in here among the
items for the contingent expenses of the House of
Representatives.
Mr, McDOUGALL. I will state to the gentle-
man from Tennessee that I think the amendment
is as good here as anywhere else. This item is
to pay for a reconnoissance and report which was
ordered by the House to be procured.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman has said that it
was procured by the Secretary of War.
Mr.'McDOUGALL. Yes; but the Secretary
of War was required, by order of the House, to
procure it.
Mr. BENTON. Let me saya word before the
question be taken. 1 will say to the committee
that Mr. Lander is a practical civil engineer, and
has been engaged in the business practically for
some fifteen ytars. He went out with Governor
Stevens as part of his expedition, and having
gone through the passage of Puget's Sound, he
returned on a different route, making a reconnois-
sance on a different line, and thereby, in my opin-
ion, doubling his service; and it is for the survey
of this return route that it is now proposed to pay
his expenses. That is all.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
For two messengers in Clerk's office, $3,600.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I simply desire to
ask why we have to pay two messengers in the
Clerk's office this large sum of $3,GOO?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is done by a
resolution of this House. The item immediately
before this is one appropriating #1,740 to a mes-
senger in the Hall. These salaries have been fixed
by resolution at different times. This item is to
pay two messengers in the Clerk'a o/Eee, whose
salaries, by order of the House, amount to this
sum.
Mr. CLINGMAN. One thousand eight hun-
dred dollars each, is it ?
Mr. JOi\ES, of Tennessee. Yes; the salary of
these officers was, previous to last session, #1,500,
and at last session we gave them twenty per centum
additional, which additional pay amounts to #300.
Mr. CLINGMAN. And this item is in con-
formity with the resolution of last session ?
Mr."JONES. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Would it be in order to
take the sense of the House as to the amount of j
these salaries? If it were in order, I would move ;
to strike out the amount, and reduce it to what i
these salaries were before they were raised by the !
House. I do not know what the feeling of the ;
House on the subject is. I very well know that j
I opposed the increase of salaries last year as !
unnecessary. It was, however, said at that time, |
that money was so plenty that men could not live ;
on their then salaries. Money is not quite so j
plenty now, and I want to see whether Congress !
desires to bring back prices to what they were a j
year or two ago. Therefore, not with a view of
throwing any obstacles in the way of business,
but as this is the first item to which my attention
is called, I offer to make a motion to reduce the
amount. I would say to the House that, last year
and the year before, salaries were increased upon
the ground of the extraordinary contingency
which has fallen Upon the country. I then told
gentlemen that I never knew of salaries being
reduced. As times are much harder ar.d money
less plenty now than a year ago, I wish to say
why 1 acted on the reasoning or the last session,
and I hope 
Mr. ORR, (interrupting.) I want to suggest to
the gentleman from North Carolina, that while £
concur with him in his notions of economy, yet
we have provided by existing resolutions and laws
for the payment of such and such salaries. And if
we reduce these appropriations now, we do not
thereby change existing laws; and these clerjrs
would have claims to come before Congress for
additional compensation.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I presume,Mr.Chairman,
that my friend from South Carolina is right. That
resolution which passed last ye.ar is a permanent
one, and I would take nothing by making the mo-
tion. I will therefore withdraw it.
For reporting the debates of the second session of the
Thirty-Third Congress, .$(7,500.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire, Mr. Chairman, to offer
an amendment here; and I wish to say to the
committee that I do not desire them to vote upon
it without understanding it. It comes from no com-
mittee whatever. I offer it on my own suggestion.
It is to pay the reporters. I offered a similar
amendment last year, and I, for one, am willing
to vote them this year what they have asked, and
what they have heretoforereceived from Congress
for successive years. They have to work nights,
while we work only days. I offer the following
amendment:
To enable John C. Rives to pay the reporters of the
House for the Congressional Globe, to wit, William W.
Curran, William Hmcks Francis H. Smith, John J. McEl-
hone, Theodoie F. Andrews, Charles B. Collar, and Hen-
ry G. II.ivcs, the same amount of additional compensation
for reporting the debates of ihe Uouse for the present session
of Congress has been heretofore paid them, $800 each—
$5,600: Provided, The usual extra compensation shall not be
allowed to said reporters at the close of the present ses-
sion.
There is nothing more that I desire to soy in
reference to this proposition. It stands upon its
own merits, and is sanctioned, I believe, by every
member of the House.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted.
For purchase of law books for said library, $2,000.
Mr. MURRAY. I desire here to offer an amend-
ment from the Joint Committee on Printing. The
amendment is as follows:
For the completion of the printing of the Senate ordered
at the present session, and paper for the *>ame, $30,000.
To complete the printing of the Hou<e ordered at the
present ncsMon, and paper lor the same, $60,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would say to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Murray,] that
this amendment of his is to supply a deficiency.
There are deficiency items at the end of the bill,
and it is better to have this put in there.
&Mr. MURRAY. I think it might as well go in
where I propose.
Mr. JONES. This is a deficiency, and this
part of the bill does not go into effect till the 30th
of June next. It is better for the gentleman to
reserve his amendment and bring it in among the
deficiency items at the end of the bill.
Mr. MURRAY. Very well. I withdraw my
amendment for the present.
For compensation of the Secretary of State and Assist-
ant Secretary of State, elcrks, messenger, assistaut mes-
senger, and laborers in his office, $48,342.
Mr. MEACHAM offered the following amend-
ment:
That the Secretary of State be, and he is hereby, author-
ized and required to arrange the clerks in the Department
of Slate according to the classification designated m the
third section of the "Act making appropriations lor the civil
and diplomatic expenses of Government for the year ending
