818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
the 30th of June, 1854," approved March 3, 1853; arid
that the clerks so classified shall receive the same compen-
sation as has been paid to the clerks of the same grades m
tiieother.ex<cutive departments; ^-aid compensation to take
effect from and after the 1st day of Jul) , 1853: Provided,
That, under the operation ofthis resolution, no salary shall
be reduced prior to the 1st day of July, 1855.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, i submit that the
*s not *n order to this bill, under the
rules of the House. It crmng£S lhe rate °f com-
pensation, and introduces new legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion, for the reason stated by the gentleman from
Tennessee, that the amendment is not in order.
For binding books and music in the copy-right bureau,
and procuung portfolios tor prims and engravings, §500.
Mr. MAY offered the following amendment:
That the Secretary of State be, and he is hereby, author -
ized and mstiucted to purchase from the publishers thereof,
two thousand copies of the tenth volume of the Statutes at
Large of the United States, published by Little & Brown,
for distribution according to the acts and resolutions of
Congress directing the si.tme. And the sum of §7,000 is
hereby appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to carry this provision into
effect.
That the sum of $4,125 be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated, out of any mon<-y in the TreaMity not otherwise
appropriated, to pay said Little & Brown tor the volumes
ot the acts of the last scs>ion of Congress furnished by them
to the Department of State for distribution in conformity to
the acts and resolutions aforesaid ; the same to be paid to
them by the Secretary of State.
That the sum of $2,500 be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriatf d, to enable the Secretary ot State to purchase
of Lutle 'i Brown, the publishers thereof, five hundred
copies of their new edition of Wheaton's Elementsof Inter-
national Law; the same to be distnbuted to the foreign
ministers and consuls, and to the Departments at home.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means have prepared an amendment
to come in at that place. The subject embraced
in the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Maryland was referred to the committee, and they
have acted upon it.
Mr. MAY. I am happy to hear that the Com-
mittee of Ways awd Means have recommended a
proposition which is so reasonable.
Mr. JONES. I offer the following amendment
in lieu of that which the gentleman from Mary-
land has offered:
To enable the Secretary of State to purchase of Messrs.
Little, Brown & Co five hundred copies of their new edi-
tion of Wheaton's Elements of International Law, to be
distributed to foreign ministers, consuls, and Departments
at home, $2,500;
To enable the Secretary of State to purchase fifty copies
of each volume of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth of How-
ard's Reports of the Decisions of the Supreme Court of the
United States, $500;
To enable the Secretary of State to purchase of Messrs.
jjittle, Brown & Co. two thousand copies of the tenth
volume of the United Slates Statutes at Large, for distribu-
tion, agreeably to the acts of Congtess directing the dis-
tribution of the other volumes, $-7,000.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. MAY. I offer the following amendment:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he hereby is,
authorized to purchase from the publishers thereof, one
hundred and eighty copies of Alden's Index to the Reports
of the Supreme Court of the United States, and that he dis-
tribute the same, when purchased, as follows :
For the use of the Supreme Court of the United States,
twelve copies;
For each court of the United States, including territorial
courts, forty-eight ropies;
For the United States district attorneys, fifty-six copies;
For executive departments of Government, seven copies;
For Governors of Territories, ^even copies *,
For First and Second Comptrollers of the Treasury De-
partment, two copies;
For Auditois ot Treasury Department, six copics;
For Solicitor of the Treasury, one copy ;
For Registei of the Treasury, one copy ;
For Commissioner and Recorder of the General Land
Office, two copies;
For Commissioner of Patents, one copy ;
For President of the United States, two copies;
Oiie copy to each of the following standing committees
of the Senate, to wit: on Foreign Relations, on Finance,
on Commerce, on Public Lands, on Claims, on Territories,
on the Judiciary—seven copies;
One copy to each of the following standing committees
of the House ot Representatives, to wit: of Ways and
Weans, of Claims, on Commerce, on Public Lands, on the
Judiciary, on Foreign Affairs, on the Territories—seven
copies;
And the residue to the law department of the Library of
Congress. And the money required for this- object is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit the point
of order that there is no law authorizing this ap-
propriation, and it is not asked for by any Depart-
ment. of Government.
Mr. MAY. The book proposed to be purchased
is an Index of the Decisions of the Supreme Court
of the United States. Under existing laws those
report3 are provided for the use of the Depart-
ments of the Government. The design of the
amendment I have offered is to give this digested
index to the Departments that are already fur-
nished with the textbooks. The Judiciary Com-
mittee have authorized me to report it as an amend-
ment to this part of the biti.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment offered by
the gentleman from Maryland proposes a distri-
bution unknown to the laws heretofore. It pro-
posts to distribute this Index to committees,
which is npt only an innovation upon the practice
of this House, but an innovation upon law. There
is no authority of law to purchase this digested
Index, and this distribution is not to be made in
pursuance of any existing law.
Mr. MAY. In that respect the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means is right; but
the Committee on the Judiciary, and gentlemen
upon other committees, thought that the book was
one of so much value, presenting so much law
touching the duties to be performed by committees,
that it ought to be distributed to some of the stand-
ing committees. We have felt, in the Committee
on the Judiciary, the importance of possessing
such an Index, and we have, therefore, recom-
mended that this distribution should be^nade.
The amendment I propose gives to half a dozen of
the principal committees only a single copy each.
Copies a *e also distributed to the Supreme Court,
and to the courts of the United States, including
territorial courts.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opinion
that the point of order taken by the gentleman
from Alabama is well taken, as the amendment
changes existing lav/.
Mr. SOLLERS. I want to inquire of the Chair
at what time it would be in order to move, as an
amendment to the civil and diplomatic bill, the bill
which has just been vetoed by the President,
entitled " An act to provide for the ascertainment
and satisfaction of claims of American citizens for
spoliations committed by the French prior to the
31st day of July, 1801;" for if I can get an op-
portunity I intend to offer that bill as an amend-
ment, and I hope and trust that every friend of
the veto power will stand by me, for there has
never been so deadly a blow struck at the rights
of the people as was struck by the President of the
United States when he sent in his veto message
here. If I retain a single democratic principle 
Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of order. 1 do
not like to interrupt thegentleman from Maryland,
but certainly he is not m order.
Mr. SOLLERS. Well, I am making an in-
quiry of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would say to
the gentleman from Maryland that he .can only
decide questions of order as ihey come up.
Mr. SOLLERS. At what period will it be in
order to offer that amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will decide,
when the amendment is offered, whether it is in
order or not.
Mr. SOLLERS. Then I offer it now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is not necessary
to read the amendment. As I understand, it is the
vetoed French spoliation bill. I submit to the
Chair that that bill is not m order as an amend-
ment to the civil and diplomatic bill.
The CHAIRMAN. £f the amendment be of
the nature indicated by the gentleman from Ten-
i nessee, [Mr. Jones,] the Chair is of opinion it is
a private claim, and not m order as an amendment
to the civil and diplomatic bill.
Mr. SOLLERS. Iappealfrom that decision of
the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that the bill known as the French spoliation bill
is not in order as an amendment to the civil and
diplomatic bill. From thatdecision thegentleman
from Maryland appeals. The question is, "Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the committee
Mr. MEACHAM. I call for the reading of
the amendment, so that we may know what it is.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
Insert, after the hundred and sixty-fifth line, thefollowing:
j Be it enactcd by thv Seuc'c a nil House of Representatives
j of the United of Amr> icn in Cmi^rcss a sseinbled,
j That satisfaction shall be made, as hereinafter piovided, to
an amount not exceeding §5,000,000, to such citizens of the
United States, or to thetr legal representatives, as had valid
claims to indemnity upon the French Government, arising
out of illegal captures, detentions, forcible seizures, illegal
condemnations, and confiscations, committed prior to the
ratification of the convention between the United States
and the French Republic, concluded on the 30th day of
September, 1800, the ratifications of whi<*h were exchanged
on the3Ist day of July following: Provided, That the pro-
visions of this act shall not extend to such claims as are
stipulated for and embraced in the convention between the
i United States and the Frcnch Republic, concluded on tJse
30th day of April, 1803, and for the liquidation and payment
whereof provision is made in the said convention ; nor to
such claims as were allowed and paid, in whole or in part,
under the provisions of the treaty between the United
States and Spain, concluded on the 22d day of February,
3819; nor to such claims as were allowed, in whole or in
part, under the provisions of the treaty between the United
States and France, concluded on the 4ih day of July, 1831:
And provided, also, That m all ca*e<? of transfer or assign-
ment, except gifts or donations, no assignee shall be entitled
to receive an amount beyond the consideration paid, and
interest thereon, provided the same do not exceed the
amount to which he would be entitled if such assignee
were the original holder.
Sec. 2. Jindbeit further enacted, That for the purpose
of carrying into effect the provisions of this act, and to as-
certain the full amount and validity of said claims, three
commissioners shall be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, who shall meet
at the city of Washington, on or before the first Monday in
October next, and, wiihin the space of two years from the
time of their first meeting, shall receive, examine, and
decide upon the amount and validity of all the claims in-
cluded within the description above mentioned ; and the
Secretary of State is required, forthwith, after the passage
of this act, to give notice of said meeting, to be published in
three newspapers in Washington, and in such other papers
as he may think proper. The said commissioners shall
take an oath or affirmation, to be entered on the record of
their proceedings, for the faithful and diligent performance
of their duties; and in case of the death.or resignation of
any such commissioner, his place may be supplied by ap-
pointment as aforesaid, or by the President during the recess
of the Senate, of another commissioner m his stead. The
said commissioners shall be authorized to hear and exam-
ine all questions relative to the said claims, and to receive
all suitable testimony, on oath or affirmation, and all other
proper evidence and documents concerning the same ; and
the rules for the decision of said commissioners shall be
the principles of justice, the law of nations, and the former
treaties between lhe United States and France, to wit :jhe
treaty of amity and commerce of the 6th of Feoiuary, 1*778,
the treaty of alliance of the same date, and the consular
convention of the 14th of November, 1788. Their decisions
shall be in writing, and filed with their secretary, and the
individuals interested therein shall, on demand, have a
copy thereof; and the promulgation of the deci-ionsof said
commissioners shall be in public. The said commissioners
shall not, at any one time after the first day of December
next, adjourn fora longer period than ten days, without the
consent of the President of the United States, in writing,
first had and obtained.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said com-
missioners shall be, and they are hereby, authonzed to
make all needful rules and legulaiions, not contravening
the laws of the land or the provisions of this act, for carry-
ing their said commission into full and complete effect.
Sec 4. And be it further enacted, That il shall be the
duty of the Secretary of State to proeure, within the shortest
time after the passage of this act, through the American
Minister at Paris, or otherwise, all such evidei ce, and
documents relating to said claims, as can be obiained from
abroad; which, together with the like evidence and docu-
ments on file in the Department of State, or which may be
filed in the waid Department, may be used before said com-
missioners by the claimants interested therein ; but the
same shall not be removed from the files of said commis-
sioners.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the awards of
all such claims as may be admitted and adjusted by the aid
commissioner, to an amount not exceeding >j5.O0t>.QOO,
shall be paid fo rata; and that the Secretary oi'State,
acting upon that principle,&hall ascertain and fix the amount
to be paid upon each award.
Sec. 0 Jind be xt further enacted, That the record of
the proceedings of said commissioners, and the documents
produced before them, shall, after the commission is closed,
be deposited m the Depaitment of State.
Siiu• 7. Jind be it further enacted, That so soon as said
commission is closed, and the records of proceeding of the
commissioners are deposited in the Department of State,
the Secretary of the Treasury shall, on the application m
writing of any claimant, his lawful attorney, executor,
administrator, or assignee, forthwith smn and'issue to the
person entitled thereto, certificates of United States five per
cent, stock, in such sums as su<ii applicant shall desin*,
not less than £200 m each certificate, unless the award be
i for a less sum, for the full pro rut a amount awarded to such
j claimant; and such ceitificates of stock shall be redeemable,
I at the pleasure of the United States
I Sec._8. Awl be it farther enaiied, That the President of
i the United States is hereby authonzed to take any meas-
| uie which he may deem expedient lor organizing the said
board of commissioners, and for this purpose appoint, with
the advice and consent of the Senate, a secretary well
versed tn the French and Spanish laneuages ; and the said
commissioners shall have power to appoint a clerk, and
aHo a messenger.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the compensa-
tion of the respective officers, for whose appointment pro-
vision is made by this act. shall not exceed the following
sums, which shall be paid out of an appropriation hereafter
to he provided:
To each commissioner, at the rate, by the year, of £3,000,
for two years only. No compensation *h*aU be allowed
them for a longer period.
