1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
821
is liable to pay? I hold, Mr. Chairman, that this
amendment is in order. And 1 do not intend to
occupy the time of the House further than to say,
that as I am a Representative direct and fresh from
the people, I assert, by vote and speech, one of
the purposes of this Government is to provide the
means of paying its honest and long-neglected
debts, as well as of paying eight dollars per day
to members of Congress, as provided- for by this
bill.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. Do I understand
the gentleman from Ohio to allude to me as the
gentleman from Pennsylvania?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yes. I understood you to
object to the amendment now presented to the
committee.
Mr. JONES. Then I merely wish to correct
the gentleman in that particular. The question of
tariff is properly germane to the question of reve-
nue, and is more or less connected with it. But I
never yet have voted to sustain any modification
of the tariff in the civil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill. At least 1 do not know that I ever have.
There is a vast difference between the subject of
revenue and that ofaprivate claim. Now, although
the French spoliation bill is composed of a great
number of claims, still it is in the nature of a pri-
vate claim, and is not germane to the subject of
revenue.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is no more a private
claim than the claim which you and I may have
on the Treasury for eight dollars per day as mem-
bers of Congress.
Mr. JON ES. And I would object to that.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The pay of members of
Congress, and officeholders generally, are but pri-
vate claims.
Mr. JONES. And, I repeat,I would object to
it as an amendment to the civil and diplomatic bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The bill provides means to
pay theseclaims of officeholders. I believe weought
not to legislate for the payment of officeholders
alone; and I am willing to come here and sit here
in the face of vetoes of the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill without any money, trusting to
my constituents, if it becomes necessary, to send
• around a hat and raise contributions to sustain me
in the position which I take, to wit: that one of
the highest obligations of the Government is to
pay its honest debts to its citizens. Because, sir,
when it becomes the well understood policy of the
Government that private claims are not to be pro-
vided for, that the private citizen is to be plun-
dered, whilst those who hold power and place are
regulaily provided with the gold of their Treas-
ury, then 1 hold that the private citizen has a right
to plunder the Government in self-defense.
Gentlemen do not establish their point by the
rule that has been referred to. There is most cer-
tainly an existing legal liability to pay this debt,
let it amount to much or little. That there is such
a liability is shown by the terms of the treaty of
1800. The conclusion, then, is forced upon us
that the amendment of the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. SoLLr.Rs] is in order. And 1 quote the
vote of the House to-day, within the last hour,
declaring this legal liability; for if there is no legal
liability how is this House to explain the vote
which it has just given in the face of the Execu-
tive veto ? There can be no explanation given.
The point of order, therefore, is not well taken;
and I hope, in vindication of the rights of the
Hou-se, and of the law of justice and of right, that
the committee will overrule the decision of the
Chair.
[Loud cries of "(Question!" " Question!"]
Mr. OLIVER. Mr. Chairman, I desire to en-
gage the attention of the committee for a few mo- r
ments. I have heard the arguments of distinguished j
gentlemen on this floor, and must confess, sir, that !
although comparatively a novitiate in parliament- j
ary affairs, I have been utterly surprised at them.
The question is, whether the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Sollers]
is in order, and germane to the bill under consider-
tion, the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill. X
am surprised to hear the honorable member from
Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] and the honorable member
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chandler,] insist that it
is in order, after hearing the rule read by the Clerk,
at the instance of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Oer.] In order, however, to make their
position good, they have to proceed on the assump-
tion that the amendment provides for the payment
of a debt, a debt recognized by law. Would the
gentlemen, or either of them, inform me what law
exists recognizing this as a debt? The question
before us in regard to the Fiench spoliation bill,
is as to whether it is a debt or not, either by or
under the treaty with France, or otherwise. This
is a question of fact and of law, first to be settled
by this House. The gentleman from Ohio asks
what difference there is between this and a private
claim. I undertake to assert that there is no dif-
ference between this claim and a private claim,
for these are private in their character. But I ask,
would a private claim be germane to this bill ?
Would it be in order? 1 appeal to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] and the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chandler,] both apt
parliamentarians, to answer that question.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Oliver,] allow me to say that, with
the exception of last year, there has not been a
civil and diplomatic bill passed these twenty years,
which has not contained a private claim. Not one
for twenty years, with the exception, perhaps, of
last year.
Mr. SOLLERS. I will ask the gentleman from
Missouri one single question. Is not this debt one
that is allowed and recognized by treaty ?
Mr. KEITT. That is not law.
Mr. OLIVER. I reply to the question of the
gentleman from Maryland in this way. He as-
sumes and asserts on this floor that this is a debt,
and that it is recognized by the treaty with France.
If such was the case it would be a debt, but no
such thing appears. This is the question before the
House, sir, on which this discussion has arisen:
whether under treaties with France, whether un-
der any law of Congress, whether according to
the facts which apply to the case, this is a debt
either recognized by the treaties with France or
by the laws of the country? which I deny on all
the grounds. There is no necessity for any further
discussion of these claims; they have already been
discussed in this and the other branch of Con-
gress; and although they passed both, yet the bill
containing them was vetoed, and the question is
still open as to whether these claims are a lawful
charge against the Government.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to make a point
here, with the leave of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Oliver,] in connection with the re-
mark of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Chandler,] that we have passpd civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bills in this House until within
the last year or two, which contained appropria-
tions for private matters. If the gentleman had
taken the pains to have examined the circum-
stances attending the passage of these bills, he
would have been kind enough, I am sure, to have
told this House that, in every single instance
where amendments ofa private character have been
incorporated into civil and diplomatic bills, they
have been made by the Senate, whose rules are
not like our own, and which are administered upon
an entirely different plan. When amendments
providing for private claims were made by the
Senate they came here, and by reason of not being
able to make a point of order in regard to them, it
is frequently the case that they were retained by
the House.
Mr. OLIVER.. I am surprised at the position
which some of the gentlemen occupy who hold
that this amendment i3 in order, and in this con-
nection I wish to call the attention of gentlemen
to the 81st rule of the House, which reads as fol-
lows:
"No appropriation shall be reported in such general
appropriation bills, or be in order as an amendment thereto
for any expenditure not previously authorized by law, un-
less in connection with appropriations for such public
works and acta as are already in operation, apd for contin-
gencies for carrying on the several departments of the
Government."
A debt is an amount due from one person to
another, either expressed or implied. Conse-
quently, before these claims can be regarded as a
debt against the Government, it must be shown
that the spoliations were committed by the French
in times of peace between us and France, and that,
in an arrangement with France, we—that is, this
Government—assumed to pay them, either ex-
pressly or by clear implication. I deny that these
claims can, in fairness, be regarded as a lawful
charge against the Government of the United
States. If the treaty of 1800 with France pro-
vided that this Government should pay the claims,
then they would be a debt, strictly speaking,
against ue; but no such thing can be shown, and
gentlemen have utterly failed to do so. These
claims constitute no debt against this Government,
therefore theamendmentis out of order, not being
germane to the bill under consideration.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman give way for a moment. I will ask if we
have not passed in com.mittee, this very day., an
amendment offered by the gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. McDou<5all] providing for the pay-
ment of Mr. Lander for expenses which he had
incurred while making a survey of a railroad route
to the Pacific ?
Mr. OLIVER. Was a point of order made?
Mr. WASHBURN. I understand that it was
made.
Mr. SOLLERS. A provision in the treaty
which required the payment of money is an ap-
propriation authorized by law. A treaty to pay
is as obligatory as a law.
At the last session of Congress it was contended
that we were bound to appropriate $10,000,000 in
obedience to the treaty entered into between the
Government of the United States and Mexico.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish simply to state
that the amendment I offered in favor of Mr.
Lander was based upon the ground that the House
had ordered his report, obtained and published it,
and that the survey was made in pursuance of
existing law.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I will say, if I may
be allowed a single word in reply to the gentleman
from California, that a law was passed, as gen-
tlemen will recollect, appropriating money for a
railroad survey to the Pacific.
Mr. WHEELER. Is this debate in order?
Mr. LANE. I desire merely to make an expla-
nation. As I was saying, an appropriation was
made for surveys of a railroad route to the Pa-
cific. Governor Stevens was intrusted with the
survey of one of these routes, and he employed
this man, Mr. Lander, as a civil engineer to ac-
company his expedition, and make a survey of
the route, and the amendment of the gentleman
from California was to make an appropriation for
his services.
Mr. LETCHER. I riBe to a question of order.
I should be very glad to hear an explanation from
the gentleman from Oregon, [Mr. Lane,] but we
have other matters to consider besides railroad
routes to the Pacific.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. I appeal to any
member upon this floor in all candor, and ask if
he believes the amendment of the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Sollers] to be in order, under
the 81st rule, which I have just read ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Of course, aa
the payment of these claims is authorized by law.
Mr. OLIVER. The gentleman from Maine
answers me that of course it is in order, because
the payment of these claims is authorized by law.
By what law, I would aslc ?
Mr. WASHBURN. The law of 1800.
Mr. OLIVER. Thegentleman answers by the
treaty of 1800. I ask the gentleman from Maine
to take up that treaty and put his finger upon a
single clause which authorizes the payment of
these claims. I challenge him to do it.
Mr. WASHBURN. The second article of the
treaty.
Mr. OLIVER. It is argued upon the part of
these gentlemen that the payment of these claims
is a debt which this Government owes to these
claimants. It is a question under discussion
whether, under the treaty, it is a debt or not, ac-
cording to law. My friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Chandler] says it is God's law that we
should pay our debts. I grant it, and the gentle-
man need not have told us of that; but we are
dealing with a matter of legislation in temporal
matters that are this side of heaven. [Laughter.]
We are acting with regard to human law, ana
we are not to base action upon this measure, as
the gentleman says, upon higher law. The gentle-
man may plant himself upon that higher law, but
for myself I cannot follow him in his dazzling
flight. What is a debt in this country? The
gentleman answers, that it is not worth much here.
I am sorry my friend has so poor an opinion of
his country as to say that a debt is not worth
much here. The definition of a debt, as I under-
stand it, is a sum ascertained to be due by law.
Gentlemen have assumed that these claims ara a
