822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
debt, that the treaty of 1800 recognized and re-
garded them as such, and yet they a re unable to
put their fingers upon the clause of the treaty that
proves the truth of the assertion. These claims
cannot in any sense be considered as a debt owing
by this Government to these claimants, and under
the 81st rule, therefore, which I have read, the
amendment now under consideration is clearly
out of order, and I hope it will be so regarded by
the House.
Mr. MAXWELL. As'I occupy a position in
reference to this main question very different from
that which most of the gentlemen occupy who are
now urging this appeal from the decision of the
Chair, I desire to say something touching that
point. 1 favored the passage of this bill, favored
it when it was originally considered, and also
upon reconsideration after the veto. I voted for
it, and therefore it cannot be supposed that, in any
remark I may'make on this question of order, 1
am prompted by motives or opposition to the
measure itself. 1 would vote for it again, if prop-
erly before the House; and I say this with all
respect for the President of the United States,
whose message I do not condemn in the spirit which
characterizes the remarks of other gentlemen.
"We differ as to the obligation of the Government.
But I accord to him the same privilege of judg-
ment which I claim for myself, and do not doubt
but that he has exercised it with that scrupulous
desire to discharge rightly his duty which has
marked all his previous conduct. I do not admit
that his use of the veto power in this instance
amounts to any trampling upon the liberties of
the people, as represented through Congress, or
that he has transcended the legitimate bounds of
his authority. Where he cannot " approve" the
Constitution empowers him to veto. As to this
point, therefore, I stand upon very different
ground from those who have so vehemently de-
nounced his message. 1 think he had a right to
veto, if he thought proper so to do, although I
confess that the case is one where the exercise of
that right becomes a very delicate question.
But I return to the question of order. Gentle-
men, in their efforts to get over the rule of the
House, which is so plain that, certainly, the weak-
est judgment must admit its force and concede its
applicability, refer to some higher obligation upon
the part of this Government, something which
supersedes our rules, such as that which the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] de-
rives from his own nature What are our rules
worth, sir, if they are not to bind us, and to pre-
vent the irregular interposition of supposed over-
ruling ideas of right? But conceding the force of
the rule, the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Wash-
burn,] and the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Sollers,] refer particularly to a treaty upon which
these claims are based as bringing this amendment
within the rule. The gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Oliver] has well asked those gentlemen to
point to a provision of the treaty which provides
that these claims shall be paid. I was convinced
that they were founded in justice without being
referred to any such clause of a treaty directing
their payment; and I say to the peculiar friends
of the bill, if they can point out any clause in the
treaty which provides for their payment, I would
guaranty the passage of a bill for that purpose, if
in a proper condition to be acted on. They have
never done so. But, of course, we cannot act
now, after the veto of the President and our sub-
sequent vote. This view will not serve gentle-
men. They can point to no such provision, and
must admit that it was because the Government
failed to provide for the relief and indemnification
of its citizens hy an express article of the treaty
that they are now before Congress. Through
their Government they had been urging these
claims against the French Government, and the
French Government, on the other hand, had been
urging other claims against^ours; and the negoti-
ations resulted in the mutual abandonment of their
respective claims as against cach other. Hence
the obligation of each to its own citizens. There
is, therefore, no more a treaty provision than an
express law to provide for these claims. They
must rest upon that obligation, imposed upon the
United States by reason of failure specifically to
secure the rights of her citizens, and not upon any
express law or treaty. It is cleor, then, that the
rule eo often read sustains the Chair in its rejec-
tion of the amendment of the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Sollers.] But even if the rule
. did permit such an amendment I would not favor
' it in the face of a solemn veto, however much I
1 might wish to have the object of the amendment
; accomplished. The President would be con-
f strained,^ under his views, to veto the civil and
| diplomatic bill, if incumbered v/ith the French
i spoliation bill. This, sir, is what no prudent
I member can desire. Why shall we complicate and
) endanger other high and important interests by
| stickling for that which no one can now hope to
j obtain. For one, sir, although I voted for the bill
| in other positions, I cannot vote to tack it on here
I by way of an effort to force the President into its
i approval.
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Some of the gen-1
; tiemen who are opposed to the decision of the
i Chair seem to rest their opinion, with confidence,
j upon the fact that this claim is a valid and sub-
; stantial debt against the Government. Why, sir,
we could not, if it were admitted to be such by
every gentleman upon this floor, bring it within
the rule, and make it in order as an amendment to
this bill. Take the case of the appropriation
necessary for the pay of the officers and men of
the Army, who are specifically provided for by
law, and which is certain and fixed; or take the
case of the appropriation for the pay of the men
and officers of the Navy, and yet neither of those
appropriations would be in order as amendments
to this bill.
Again, there was a commission, which recently
sat in London, under a treaty between the United
| States and Great Britain, which made an award
against this Government, and to meet which an
appropriation must be made, and yet it is not in
order to propose that appropriation as an amend-
ment to this bill.
The amendment is not in order to this bill,
because it is, in the first place, if a debt at all,
made up of private claims, and private claims are
not in order as amendments to this bill. In the
next place, if gentlemen claim that it is a debt
under a treaty stipulation, it is not, under the
rule, in order to any bill, except one to carry out
the provisions of tKe treaty. And, again, allowing
it to be a debt under a treaty, as I stated before,
that fact does not bring it within the rule, because
it should be an admitted debt.
Mr. KEITT. Mr. Chairman, I entertain no
doubt of the propriety of the decision of the Chair.
What is the question? The ingraftment of the
bill making indemnity for French spoliations upon
the civil and diplomatic bill. To this I have two
objections, one of parliamentary order, and the
other of policy.
The parliamentary objection rests upon two
rules of the House; the one requiring all appro-
priations arising out of treaty stipulations to be
reported independently; and the other excluding
from the civil and diplomatic bill all appropria-
tions not authorized by preexisting laws, or in
continuation of such laws. N<>w, sir, do not the
advocates of this French spoliation bill, as it is
called, rest our obligation to pay upon treaty
faith ? If so, is it not excluded, under a rule of
the House, from a general appropriation bill?
Again, does not the other rule (the 81st) require
he amount to be ascertained to be liquidated 5
Must it not be in the nature of an adjudicated
claim, not a mere cause of action ? I think, then,
sir, upon the score of parliamentary order, the
amendment is clearly inadmissible. I object, in
the second place, upon the score of policy. The
bill now sought to be put as a rider upon the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill, was passed by
both Houses of Congress, and sent to the Presi-
dent for his signature. The President, m con-
formity with his construction of his constitutional
duty, could not approve and sign it; therefore he
returned it to this House, where it originated, with
his objections in the manner provided by the Con-
stitution. The vote was taken this morning, and
the bill was defeated.
Now, sir, what does the proposition to attach
this defeated bill to the bill before us amount to ?
It either means to drive the Piesident to trample
upon his constitutional obligations, or by vetoing
this general appropriation bill thus incumbered,
clog the wheels of Government. It is not, in
reality, the circumvention of a great constitutional
prerogative ? The veto was given by the framers
of our Constitution for great and wise purposes;
it was giv^n to broaden and strengthen the basis
of popular representation; and will net the cir-
cuitous mode of action contemplated in this pro-
ceeding, if adopted, effectually discharge it from
the Constitution ? It was put in our Federal
charter to save us in part from the tyranny of a
numerical majority. Will it not be worthless and
contemptible if it can be thus trifled with ? The
argument against the veto is applicable to the
Senate, and the judiciary, and degenerates this
Government into an irresponsible clespotism. I
know, sir, it is not in order to discuss the veto
power, and I do not mean to do so.
I wish, however, fo say distinctly and emphat-
ically that the exercise of the veto in this case by
the President is perfectly constitutional, and in
high consistency with his whole course. This
power has been exercised too seldom in the his-
tory of our Government, and whenever a Presi-
dent arrays it against a dominant majority, par-
ticularly if it be a majority of his own party, he
deserves great credit for firmness of purpose and
energy of will. Clamor may rage, and declama-
tion rave itself out; the President, in this instance,
rests upon his constitutional prerogative and his
conscious rectitude. Sir, I say this the more
readily because I differed from the President in
his estimate of the ciaims of our citizens for
French spoliations. What I claim for myself,
however, I concede to him, honesty of purpose
and purity of motive. I acted within the sphere
of my duty, and the President within the sphere
of his; and m his right thus to acl I will unflinch-
ingly uphold him. In this veto the President has
signalized his administration by an act of coura-
geous and disinterested patriotism. This I say
regarding the claims in the aspect in which he
regards them. I differ from the President in the
character of these claims, but not at ail as to his
power and duty.
Let me notice for a moment the charge of
usurpation, brought against the President by the
member from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell.] Sir, the
charge comes ungraciously from him. The treaty-
making power is lodged in the President and Sen-
ate. Not twelve months ago we had an appro-
priation to carry out a treaty before us. Then 
Mr. SOLLERS, (interrupting.) 1 rise to a
point of order. I insist the gentleman from South
Carolina is not in order in his course of remarks.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
gentleman from South Carolina is wandering from
the question before the committee. The question
is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee?" Does the gentleman
from Maryland insist upon his point of order?
Mr. SOLLERS. I do not withdraw my objec-
tion to thn course of remark.
Mr. KEITT. I have not a. particle of objection
to yielding the floor if the committee is ready to
come to a vote.
Mr. S i'RAUB. I wish to call the attention of
the committee to a point which I have not yet
heard discussed, nor even suggested. I would
inquire of the Chair whether it is in order, in a
general appropriation bill, to authorize the Presi-
dent of the United States to appoint commis-
sioners?
Mr. KEITT. Mr. Chairman, I yielded the
floor only on the understanding that we were to
vote on the proposition before us.
Mr. STRAUB. I will take but a minute or
two, and I am sure that the gentleman will yield
to me.
Mr. KEITT. Certainly.
Mr. STRAUB. My point, is that it is not in
order to provide in a general appropriation bill
for the appointment by tne President of the United
States of commissioners. Gentlemen will perceive,
by looking at thesecond section of the bill, that it
does provideforthe appointment of commissioners.
[Cries of Read it!"   Read it!'']
Mr. STRAUB. I will read it for the informa-
tion of the committee. It is as follows:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further ci^uted. That for the purpose
of carrying into effect thn provisions of this act, and to
ascertain the full amount ami vnhditj' of «aid claims, three
comnnss-ioners bhail be appointed by "the President, by ai'd
with the advice and consent ot the Senate. who shall meet
at the city of Wa^Jiincton. on or before the fir^t Monday m
Octoberuext, and, witmn the space of two years* from* the
time ot th^ir firt-t meeting, shall receive, examine, and de-
cide upon the amount and validity ofuli the claims included
within the description above mentioned; and the Secretary
ofbtate is required forthwith after the parage of this act,
to Give notice of said meeting, to be published m three
newspapers in Washington, and in such other papers as he
