824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
extension, but the work was afterwards placed
under the superintendence of a military man.
The CHAIRMAN. As an amendment to the
amendment of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Craige,] the Chair is not prepared to
rule the amendment of the gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Lilly] out of order.
Mr. HENN. I wish to ask the gentleman
from North Carolina a question: that is, whether
the appropriation of $300,000 is enough to finish
the building?
Mr. CRAIGE. No sir. We have heard the
letter of the architect read just now, which stated
that it is not enough; but it is as much as the
architect can properly employ.
Mr. HENN. And how much will it take to
finish the building?
Mr. CRAIGE. Six hundred thousand dollars.
The question being on Mr. Lilly's amend-
ment to the amendment,
Mr. TWEED demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the amendment
to the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Craige's amend-
ment.
Mr. FULLER. I wish to propound a question
to the gentleman from North Carolina: Whether
or not the Government is not now renting rooms
for the accommodation of its officers, and also
what number of persons are thus accommodated
in rented buildings?
Mr. CRAIGE. The Government is compelled
at present to rent rooms in this city for the accom-
modation of its officers. I do not know exactly
what number of officials are thus accommodated,
but the number is very large.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of thegentleman from North Carolina.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
[Cries of " Oh, no; let us finish !"]
The question was taken on Mr. Davis's motion;
and it was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Jones^ of Ten-
nessee, having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, the Chairman of the committee reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under consideration the state
of the Union generally, and particularly House
bill (No. 569) to provide for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
/ Mr. KEITT. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
[Several Members. I hope the gentleman will
Withdraw that motion for a moment.]
Mr. KEITT. Very well. I withdraw the
motion for these gentlemen.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a bill from the
Committee for the District of Columbia, for the
purpose of organizing an institution for the insane
of the Army and Navy and of the District of
Columbia. I ask to introduce it, so that it may
be put upon its passage. It can be disposed of in
a few minutes.
Mr. LYON. I object.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I ask that the rules of the
House be suspended, so as to enable me to intro-
duce the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. HAVEN. I should like to inquire of the
gentleman from Indiana if this is the bill to regu-
late the administration of affairs over the Lunatic
Asylum?
Mr. DAVIS. I answer the gentleman it is.
Mr.HAVEN. Then I hope it will be received.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes; because it is a matter of
public necessity. 1 wish, Mr. Speaker, before the
question is put, to make a few remarks.
Mr. FLORENCE. Oh, yes; we can pass this
bill in ten minutes.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. With the consent
of the House the gentleman from Indiana can
make his remarks, but not otherwise, as the
motion to suspend the rules is not debatable.
Mr. HUGHES. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS. I am willing that that motion be
made.
Mr. UPHAM. May I ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Hdgbis] whether he will with-
draw his motion, so as to allow me to introduce a
motion which will occupy only a moment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the gentleman
from New York even were to withdraw his mo-
tion, no other motion can be received, unless, by
the unanimous consent of the House, the motion
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Davis] to
suspend the rules, go over.
Mr. UPHAM. I wish, by the unanimous
consent of the House, to ask for the appointment
of a clerk to the Committee on the Smithsonian
Institution. We have been at work nearly one
month, most laboriously,and have been compelled
to employ a clerk, and sometimes more than one.
I have not had an opportunity to bring my motion
for the appointment of a clerk before the House,
because every morning gentlemen insisted on the
regular order of business; and I now ask the
House to allow that committee to employ a clerk.
[General cries of " Oh yes—let them have a
clerk !"]
Mr. HUGHES. If the House give unanimous
consent to the gentleman's proposition, I will with-
draw the motion to adjourn.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York, and others. I
object.
Mr. UPHAM. Then I move that the rules be
suspended, to enable me to submit my proposition.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That cannot be
done, as there is a motion to suspend the rules
pending.
Mr. HUGHES. I now renew my motion to
adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House thereupon, at three o'clock and
forty-five minutes, adjourned till to-morrow, at
eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 20, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, communicating a letter of the Secretary of
the Interior, asking for an appropriation to supply
a deficit in the amount held on Indian account,
caused by the failure of Selden, Withers & Co.,
with whom it was deposited; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, copies of all surveys and reports in
that Department upon the fitness of the harbor of
Brunswick, in Georgia, for a naval depot, and
the opinion of the Department on the propriety of
establishing such a depot at that place; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
accompanied by eighty copies of the Navy Register
for the year 1855; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the proceedings
of the National Convention of the Soldiers of the
War of 1812, held at the Presbyterian Church on
Four-and-a-half street, in thecity of Washington,
on the 8th of January, 1855; which was ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the pe-
tition of James Thompson and others, practical
engineers, engaged in steamboat navigation on the
Mississippi and its tributaries, praying an appro-
priation to test Miller's steam-condenser, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce; which
was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That James P. Lightbourne have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Koger B. Ironside lie re-
ferred to tne Committee on Claims.
| Mr. W ALKER. I am requested to withdraw
j from the files of the Senate the papers in the case
! of J. M. Crane. This matter was referred to the
j Committee on Claims, as the Senator from P?nn-
] sylvania [Mr. Brodhead] will probably recollect,
i It was a claim for printing in California, and on it
; there has been, as 1 understand,an adverse report.
I am requested to withdraw the papers with a
view to get possession of the vouchers, with the
hope of having the matter settled either by the
public authorities of California, or the assignee of
the claim.
The PRESIDENT. There having been an
adverse report, it requires unanim'.us consent. If
there be no objection the order will be made.
There was no objection.
CASTNER HANWAY.
Mr. COOPER. I am requested to present the
memorial of Castner Hanway, of Chester county,
Pennsylvania, praying to be indemnified for the
expenses to which he was subjected by his im-
ptisonment in Philadelphia on the charge of high
treason. I desire briefly to state the circumstances
of the case.
On the 12th of September, 1852, Castner Han-
way was charged with the commission of high
treason against the United Slates. He was com-
mitted to prison, where he remained until some-
time in November, when he was put upon trial,
and was finally acquitted. He was over three
months in prison, and was put to very great ex-
pense in procuring witnesses for the purpose of
proving his innocence of the charge which was
imputed to him. He was acquitted by the jury.
He asks that' he may be refunded the expenses,
which amounted to something over $3,000. I will
state that, in similar cases, under the decision of
other tribunals, parties indicted for treason have
been allowed pay for their witnesses. Judge Mar-
shall, on the trial of Burr, at Richmond, ordered
the marshal to furnish in advance the pay to the
witnesses of the defendant, and that decision of
Judge Marshall was followed in other cases; but
when the application was made to Judges Grier
and Kane, at Philadelphia, they did not find them-
selves warranted in making the order wh;ch was
prayed for by Han way's counsel, and he was
obliged to pay the whole amount himself. It en-
tirely beggared the man. That 1 know. You
know thatl do not sympathize with infractions of
the law in that way; but^this man was acquitted.
His case was really a hard one. It was clearly
i made manifest that he was a man of exemplary
character, always enjoying the confidence of all
classes in the community as a peaceful and up-
right man. I do think, therefore, that Congress
ought to makethecompensation. I move that the
memorial be referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary who, I hope, will take favorable action
upon it.
The memorial was so referred.
REPORTS PROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of Dom-
inic Lynch, praying to be allowed pay-as a mas-
i ter, while he acted in that capacity on board the
1 United States schooner Shark in 1840-'41, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon; which was or-
dered to be be printed.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the petition of
Thomas W.Mather, of New York, and William
R. Glover, of Kentucky, merchants trading in
Mexico, praying indemnity for property forcibly
seized by officials of that Republic, submitted an
adverse report thereon; -which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of George P. Marsh, min-
ister resident to the Ottoman Porte, under the act
°f August 11,1848, imposing judicial duties on the
minister, and for services under a special mission
to the Government of Greece, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for his relief; which was
read, and passed to a second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. TOUCEY, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred a joint resolution for the
relief of Theodore Adams, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it he re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims; which was
agreed to.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revo!a-
