826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
a provision as the select committee reported. As
regards the charge made against him 1 feel bound
to say here, for those who may not know him so
well as he is knov/n by his colleagues on this floor,
what it would otherwise be unnecessary to say,
that there is not the slightest shadow, in my esti-
mation, for such an accusation being made against
him. It will find no credit here among those who
know him well. It can find no credit among per-
sons who have watched his course in relation to
this bill, in which the best interests of humanity
are involved. It is to be regretted that the gentle-
men whose interests are so deeply involved in a
measure of this kind, should be blinded by self-
interest to such an extent as to permit themselves
to make use of such language in regard to an hon-
orable gentleman, who is not present to defend
himself.
Mr. HAMLIN, chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, desired to enter upon an explanation;
but, as Mr. Cass desired to speak on another'
subject, and as Mr. Seward also sought the floor,
he yielded, and Mr. Cass also deferred the com-
mencement of his speech.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to address a very few
remarks to the Senate, which are due to the occa-
sion, and to my colleague. I was notan indiffer-
ent observer of the proceedings and debates in the
meeting to which the honoiable Senator has refer-
red. If I had been so indifferent, still I could not
have pleaded ignorance, because i have been called
upon by some friends of my colleague in the city
of New York, to allude to that meeting, and to
vindicate him against the censures passed upon
him there. I have refrained from doing so, for
the same reason that I always refrain from making
personal explanations in regard to myself on this
floor. What was said of him, was said in the
Exchange, among the merchants, ship-masters,
and ship-owners of the city of New York; and
however large its circulation, it would have made
but a limited impression upon the public n.ind. I
thought that, to bring it up here, would have been
to give it a wider circulation and greater notoriety.
For myself, if all the merchants in the city of
New York should denounce meinthe Exchange,
charging me with duplicity, or even crime, and
if all the citizens of New York should assemble in
Castle Garden, and charge me with disloyalty to
my country and society, it would not wring from
me an acknowledgment that I was bound to ex-
plain. To all such charges, my life must be my
answer.
Sir, I know, in regard to my distinguished and
esteemed colleague, that his life is a full answer to
every charge of duplicity which may be brought
against him. He has held the office of the chief
magistrate of the State of New York, and now
holds one of the most eminent trusts here which
she can confer upon any of her citizens. No more
honest man has ever filled the first trust since his
own distinguished ancestor, Peter Stuyvesant, of
immortal memory, and immortal, because he was
an honest man. I knew, sir, that there was in
the character of my colleague that which would
shield him from any aspersions.
T am, at the same time, bound to sav, that this
is a matter occurring between him and those; who
must necessarily be regarded as more immediately
his constituents, and that all the persons who made
these accusations against him are his own per-
sonal friends. It is proper that I should state that
I am not a resident of the city of New York, but
that my residence is in cho interior of the State,
where I am more remote from the city of New
York, than I am when in attendance upon my
duties here.
The subject of immigrant passenger laws, which
is a very important one, affecting peculiarly the
interests of that portion of the State m which my
colleague resides, was brought by him to the
attention of the Senate at the last session. An
elaborate report was made, and in pursuance of
the principles of that report a bill was prepared
by him. When he was about leaving here, he
informed me that one of the considerations which
made him reluctant to depart, was the unpleasant
circumsiance of leaving that bill not to be acted
upon at the present'session; and distinctly told
me it would not be brought up for consideration.
When he was about leaving, a committee of the
merchants of New York were here, complaining
of embarrassments, resulting from what they sup-
posed to be a misconstruction of an ancient law.
They applied to me to introduce a bill which would
relieve them from those difficulties, and they as-
sured me that the bill which they proposed had
been prepared at the Treasury Department.
There remained but one thing more, and that
was, to explain to them explicitly that, under the
circumstances, I would have nothing to do with
that subject if the new measure conflicted with the
bill of my colleague, which he presented from the
select committee. That was understood by them.
They returned to me, and notified me that hehad'
assented, and I understood that the matter of
which the bill was composed did hot interfere
with the one which he had prepared, and which he
was willing to have the consideration of postponed
until another session. Under these circumstances,
and especially having that assurance, I brought
the bill in, and was pressing to have it passed,
when the Senator from Louisiana rose and made
the objection in my colleague's name and behalf,
very properly; and thereupon I at once declined to
press the bill; and there the matter has remained
until this time.
While I have thus paid a tribute which is due
to my esteemed and distinguished colleague, it is
due alike to the character of those gentlemen who
have participated in the meeting in the city of New
York, to say that there are no more honorable, no
more just, no more intelligent men, no men whom
my colleague holds in higher respect. Moses H.
Gnnnell, Thomas Tilerton,and Mortimer Liv-
ingston are names that are identical with justice,
honor, truth, manhood. It is manifest that there
is a misapprehension between him and them. We
cannot explain it here because we know nothing
of the communication which passed between them
and my colleague. I have not the least doubt,
when this subject shall have been passed by here,
and it shall come to the knowledge of my colleague
in his travels abroad for his health, such mutual
explanation will be made as will be satisfactory
on both sides,and while his character will bepro-
tected and vindicated, their own sincerity and
truthfulness will remain stainless.
Mr. GWIN. I moved to commit this bill to
the Committee on Commerce. The honorable
Senator from New York [Mr. Pish] is a member
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, of which I am
chairman; and I was requested to move to commit
the bill, which I did, without the slightest knowl-
edge of any such conflict as this. 1 thought the
friends of the bill had it so arranged as to prevent
any difficulty. I meant no reflection on my friend
from New York [Mr. Fish] by the motion which
I made.
INTERFERENCE OF FOREIGN POWERS.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, during the last
session of Congress I took occasion, in some re-
marks here, to call the attention of the Senate to
an tx'raordinary declaration, made by Lord Clar-
endon, in the British House of Peers, ill these
words:
"Your Lordships would be glad also to hear that the
uniou ot'the two Governments (of France and England) is
not confined to the Eastern question, but that the habit of
a good uiidtiislandmg between them has become genera! on
all nialtprq of policy, and extends to all parts of the world ;
and that, on the question of policy, there is no part of the
world, in either hemisphere, wiih regard to which we are
not entirely m accord."
There is no misunderstanding the nature of this
annunciation. The speaker was most unfortunate
in the language he employed, if it does not dis-
tinctly make known that France and England have
been looking at the various questions, concerning
the foreign relations of other countries, in both
hemispheres, and that they have discussed them—
for discussion must precede arrangement—and
have come to a mutual accord in relation to them.
As was well remarked by a prominent New York
journal, in some judicious observations upon this
subject, "the language of Lord Clarendon is sus-
ceptible of but one possible construction. It was
in itself a general threat of armed intervention,
avowing the purpose to enforce the views of France
and England by armed attack upon any inde-
pendent nation, which declined to accept her dual
dictatorship." My objeci in bringing this subject
before the Senate was, that the attention of the
Government and country might be directed to this
authoritative avowal of a course of policy, deeply
affecting our interests and our honor.
Doubts have been expressed as to the extent of
Lord Clarendon's meaning, though such doubts
must arise from exterior circumstances, and among
others from the strangeness of the procedure,
rather than from any uncertainty in the language
itself. Recently, however, a State paper has ap-
peared from a still higher quarter, which comes
to confirm, in a striking degree, the construction
put in the United States upon the words of Lord
Clarendon, and leaves no room to doubt, what
has been this good understanding, and how far it
reaches. The French Emperor, m his address to
the Legislative Chambers on the 26th of December
last, thus spoke:
" What firmer bonds con there in fact be, than those
bearing the names of victories belongmgto the two armies,
recalling a common glory ? than the same anxieties and the
same hopes, agitating the two countries? than the same
views and the same intentions, animating the two Govern-
ments xn every corner of the globe ?"
Sur tons les points du globet are the comprehen-
sive words—literally, all the points of the globe.
The language here used, with respect to this union
of policy, is identical in its meaning with that
employed by Lord Clarendon, and it was used at
the first" legislative convocation after the British
Secretary of State had publicly proclaimed the
same sentiments. And it is a significant fact,
that the addres*s of the Emperor must have been
under consideration at the time Lord Palmers-
ton visited Paris, and when the British states-
man was reported to be in the habit of daily
intercourse with the French Ruler. I suppose,
that among the strong points of LordPalmerston's
character, there is none stronger than his bitter
aversion to this country, which he probably dis-
likes with a concentration of feeling, rare even
among English politicians; and it is worthy of
observation, that this declaration of the adhesion
of France to a combination with England, was
pronounced, not only after Lord Clarendon had
made known through the House of Peers the
views of the British Cabinet, but after their effect
in this country, and the conviction they were in-
tended to be words of warning—of threatening,
rather—to us, were well understood in France and
England. But this circumstance occasioned no
change in the terms of the imperial avowal, which
was as comprehensive and as offensive, as those
heard in the House of Lords. Had the intention
of the parties been misunderstood, and offense
taken where none was designed, the address of the
Emperor would have furnished a proper oppor-
tunity to do justice to the policy of the two united
Powers. Instead of this, sir, the objects of the
obnoxious combination are repeated, apparently
with as much complacency, as though they met
the approbation of the world.
I do not know that the French Emperor has
written any letter, disavowing the obvious mean-
ing of his language. He is not very likely to do
so. Tenacity of purpose is part of his moral
temperament. Though these designs may not be
sufficiently grave in their object, nor distinct in
i their avowal, to attract the attention of American
patriotism, yet they have not escaped the vigilance
of Spanish jealousy, the more gratified, as the
more drfFculties beset our path. The Spanish
views of this united action are clearly given in
the Diario de la Marina of January 23, 1855, a
journal published at Havana, and under the con-
trol of the Government. It no doubt speaks the
sentiments of the Madrid statesmen. It con-
siders the declaration of the French Emperor a
remarkable one, but not of a nature to justify
American sympathy for Russia, while admitting
that, after curbing the ambition of the Czar, the
formidable league may be directed to check the
aggrandizement of the United States. Words,
it says, uttered, on so solemn an occasion by a
man of Louis Napoleon's fixed purposes', cannot
be unmeaning. The Diari^ continues:
" This intimate accord of the two meat Powers implies
the adoption of a political system, base*; on gen* rai princi-
ples, the first evidence of which consists in the pfndmg
contest. Resistance to the view? of Russia cannot be au
isolated fact. The bitter warfare callinsr for efforts and sac-
rifices so great has an especial character* and is gradually
di awing the snppmt of all civilized Europe.'' " ft is a war,
to support justice, to establish the principles of intei ^nUomtl
■ law, and to maintain the ju«t balance ot power. It is a waf
I which sanctions the progress ot modern civilization, and
, which will have to be renewed, whenever it«> fundamental
maxims shall appeal to be m danger of being ovt-i turned,-"'
1 &c.
j Now, there is no threat m this, for whoever is willing
I to respect the conservative principles, the pruettco of v. hieh
: redounds to universal advantage. But for the advocates of
i the celebrated. Monroe doctrine, according to tkar Uu-t and
1 clubtic interpretations} and for those who, in a different
