1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
82?
scene, would wish to imitate the conduct of Russia, and
appropriate a ivhotc continent, without ofiifflcfe, there v* no
doubt but that this European system must be exceedingly dis-
agreeabx,"
And why this authoritative annunciation by
tfciese two great Governments? He who runs
may read the purpose. It was made to the Uni-
ted States; for, in fact, they alone were seriously
interested in it, and it was hoped, that the knowl-
edge of such a formidable combination to prevent
our aggrandizement would turn us from our
course, wherever we might have such a purpose,
and thus accomplish the object by words instead
of "deeds. That the progress of our country and
the success of our political institutions have ex-
cited alarm among the Governments of the Old
World, no American can doubt. Contempt and
aversion were the sentiments felt towards us,
especially in England, at the commencement of our
career. Theaversion remains, having grown with
our growth and strengthened with our strength;
but contempt has given place to apprehension, and
there is no question, but that the most practicable
plan to check our power and prosperity, is now a
problem of deep importance m Europe. Not with
the people; we have their good will and sympa-
thies, but with the statesmen, imbued with the
love of the few and the hatred of the many, who
foresee, if they do not see, the danger of our ex-
ample. I shall not go far back m search of proofs
of the truth of this assertion. Time would fail
me; nor, indeed, can it be necessary. I shall pass
by the numerous facts establishing it, which our
foreign policy exhibits, and come at once to the
period, when a more intirnateumon between Prance
and England sprung up, bringing withitanidentity
of views and action with respect to the United
States.
A few years since, in commenting upon the
declaration made by Mr. Polk, concerning the
exclusion of European intervention from this con-
tinent, M. Guizot, in the French Chamber of
Deputies, broached the plan of an American bal-
ance of power, to be preserved, when necessary,
by the interposition of the Governments of Eu-
rope. Upon that occasion the French Premier
said: "It is, in fact, advisable to multiply in
America the number of independent States," and
if this process of multiplication eould go on, till n
reduced the United States to their political con-
stituent elements, thus adding their thirty-one
members to the list of Ameiican Sovereignties, a
balance of ■power would, indeed, be manufactured,
which the finger of France or England might ele-
vate or depress at pleasure. A consummation
devoutly to be wished for at St. James and at the
Tuilleries.
On that memorable occasion, M. Thiers dis-
played nobler sentiments, and advocated a more
just, as well as a wiser policy. He rebuked his
great rival for his narrow views and his subser-
viency to England, tie condemned the opposi-
tion to the annexation of Texas to the United
States, dealing with it as an English measure,
which France should have indignantly repudiated.
He remarked:
" Tt has been objected that the annexation of Te^as to
the United States disturbed the balance of power m Amer-
ica. It is, I must confess, the first time T ever lieaid tins
equilibrium ppoken of. I can fully comprehend a balance
ol power m Europe, &c., but I will ask, What arc* we to do
with America in that respect.'' The honorable M. Guizot
is afraid, that the Spanish race will bo annihilated by the
Anglo-American one. Oh, when that time comes, when
the United States, like England, shall have one hundred
ships of the line and two hundred inmates, when they no
longer shall profess the principle that the flat; shall cover
the merchandise, then the European equilibrium may go
to the assistance of that of America."
" The conduct of France." eumum^d the
" in the affair ofTexas, has been the puicha&e money paid
for the right of search."
In some remarks in the Paris Constitutionnel
upon this discussion, the distinction is well taken
between the French Government and the French
people, in all questions of united action with Eng-
land against the United States, and this distinction
is just as true and important now, when Louis
Napoleon has joined perfide *.1 lb ion—the old Gallic
epithet of aversion—in all her jealous projects
against the United States, as when Louis Philippe
lent himself to the same policy. Thus speaks the
Constitutionnel:
!i France and the United States are natural allies, whom
neither the faults, nor the errors of their Governments can
separate.
44 The Government of France may protest against the an-
nexation of Texas to the United States, but such a measure,
as M. Guizot will soon discover, finds no favor with the
French. Whatever influence may prevail to endeavor to
estrange their feelings from us, and to transfer them to the
British, will be signally defeated m the end."
This policy of united action on the part of these
two great Powers, applied in this case to a particu-
lar emergency, is now announced by the Govern-
ments of France and England as a permanent ar-
rangement, extending through the world. In the
intercourse of diplomacy, there is said to be " a
language official and a language confidential." So
the United States were told many years since, by
high authority, and under circumstances, which
rendered this canon of interpretation equally re-
markable for the sincerity of the avowal, and for
the bold contempt of common honesty, it inculca-
ted. If the benefit of some such convenient gloss-
ary is not called in, by which deceptive explana-
tions may be made to take the place of explicit
declarations, we may well look around us and ex-
amine our true position—a position menaced by a
new combination reaching every corner of the globet
to adopt the phraseology of one of the parties, and
all parts of the world, to borrowfrom the other. It
is a new treaty of Pilnitz to control our destiny.
Not a whit better in principle, than its notorious
predecessor. Rut it is entitled to the merit of bold
and open arrogance. Similar arrangements, like
those of 1791 and of 1854, are sometimes formed,
but rarely are they spread before the world. The
profligacy of the design imposes prudent, if not
precautionary secrecy. It is a tribute to public
morality, which is feared while it is outraged.
We have lived to see even this slight barrier pros-
trated. There is no other nation, east, west,
south, or north, but this Republic, against which
this combination was formed, or to which these
minatory words were spoken. In the old conti-
nent, they have no application, for Europe is at
the mercy of the five Powers, as they call them-
selves—the five Dictators, as they should becalled;
a coalition, interrupted, indeed, by the existing
war, but sure to resume its work of direction
on the advent of peace. As to Asia and Africa,
which furnish fields for the harvest of annexation,
to gratify, not to fill, the demands of British and
French aggrandizement, neither of these old ene-
mies, but recent friends, and always rivals, would
permit the other to interfere with their existing
arrangements, or their future prospects. America
only is left, and the universality of the proposi-
tion, embracing every corncr of the gJo6e, and all
parts of the world, becomes practically restricted to
this continent, and its actual operation to those
portions of it, which present questions affecting
the interests of the United States, and to no other.
In fact, there are no other of sufficient magnitude
to call for this unusual declaration; none, indeed,
but the little temporary points of collision, daily
appearing and disappearing in the mutations of
the squabbles, I can call them by no more respect-
able name, among the Republics south of us, and
which are adjusted as easily as they arise. These
tempests in tea-pots would never have presented
to French and English statesmen an occasion for
a solemn admonition like this, nor did they
weigh one feather in its consideration.
But admitting I am wrong, and rejecting'the
overpowering considerations, which lead to this
conclusion, how stands this world-wide declar-
ation of united policy? Where are the United
States—the great Power upon this continent—in
this publicly proclaimed design to circumscribe
their progress and extent? Were they consulted
before the completion of the project, or advised of
it, in the usual diplomatic mode, by friendly com-
munications, after the course was decided on ?
Nothing of all this. From the English Parliament
and from the French Throne the American people
first learned this formidable identity of views and
purposes, upon subjects equally affecting their
interests and their honor, and this warning annun-
ciation: We, the two great maritime Powers
of the world, are in accord upon all subjects
of policy on the american continent; and,
with or without the consent of theuniied
States, we mean to regulate tiiem. Never
was the exclusion of a nation from participation
in all affairs affecting it more contemptuously
arranged, or more offensively avowed.
Restricting the inquiry to the period of the new
relations of confidence, which have recently sprung
up between France and England, it will be found,
on examination, that these Posvers have acted in
concert, in opposition to every measure of our
foreign policy, which could excite their jealousy;
and, I may add, but too successfully. They seem
to have followed us over the world, watching,
counteracting, and opposing, from the loading of
a cargo of guano, to the acquisition of a kingdom.
At the Sandwich Islands their influence has been
in constant operation, openly used, and pertina-
ciously exerted. In Dominica they tracked us,
and frustrated, it is said, a very reasonable ar-
rangement, to which there could be no proper
objection, unless that it was acceptable and usefal
to the United States, and was disapproved by the
two great American regulators. And so at the
Galhpagos Islands, where interests far more rea-
sonable than any views of acquisition were struck
down by the same interposition. I observe, sir, in
the public papers, various other alleged instances
of this jealous interference, but having no authentic
information, I shall make no specific reference
to them. It is proper to remark, also, that my
knowledge of the various circumstances to which
I have referred,has been gathered from the usual
sources of information, and not at all from the
Department of State.
Certainly it is an extraordinary fact, that in the
whole Antilles, so near us, and where <jur vessels
are- daily passing, with their rich freights and
their numerous passengers, we have not even so
much as an anchorage for our vessels. Sixteen
of those islands belong; to Great Britain, three to
France, two to Holland, two to Spain, three to
Denmark, and one to Sweden, while one is inde-
pendent and divided into two Governments. I
suppose if we should attempt to procure even a
coal depot among these islands, forming the door
through which the commerce of the vast country
drained by the Mississippi and its tributaries, as
also that of West Florida, Alabama, and Texas
passes, we should receive an imperial and royal
rescript, saying, Touch not, taste notf handle not;
raise not your flag in these regions, under pain of
our displeasure. Besides, our communication with
our possessions on the Pacific can only b& pre-
served by the free use of these seas. If the hour
has not already arrived, it is certainly hastening,
when imperative duty will compel us to say, in
more distinct terms than we have yet employed,
to the would-be regulators of the ''balance of
power " in this hemisphere, that we understand
our interests in the Gulf of Mexico, and in the
Caribbean sea, and that, with God's blessing, we
shall maintain them in all time to come
As to Cuba, the avowed policy of intervention
has lost, none of its offensive character by this
union. On the contrary, as it has added physical
strength to the opposition against us, it has added,
also, a more resolute purpose, and more confi-
dence to avow it. During the presidency of Louis
Napoleon, on the 5th of December, 1851, the
French Chief Magistrate informed the Duke of
Valencia, that he had dispatched three ships of
war for the protection of the Island of Cuba, and
that the English Government had done the .same,
"for the purpose of preventing a repetition of
attempts which might bring up serious complica-
tions between America and the States of Europe."
And we learn from the current reports of the day,
that a similar measure has been adopted, and that
French and English armed ships have recently been
ordered on the same service. I suppose, sir, the
sound public opinion of this country supports,
with almost entire unanimity, the views of Mr.
Fillmore, as made known by Mr. Everett in his
able letter to the French Minister, dated Decem-
ber 1st, 1852, that " he (the President) would con-
sider the acquisition of Cuba by force, except in
a just war with Spam, (should such an event, so
greatly to be deprecated, take place) as a disgrace
to the civilization of the age." Such a case of
rapacity will, 1 trust, never stain our annals. But
the history of France and England teaches no
lesson of national forbearance, and gives no pecu-
liar right to their Governments to preach homilies
upon the duty of rigidly preserving their existing
territorial limits to the other independent commu-
nities of the world. If we were to regulate our con-
duct by their examples rather than by their pre-
cepts, and interpose ourselves between them and
the accomplishment of their projects of aggran-
dizement, formingcombinadons with other Powers
for this purpose, we should have occasion for action
from the rising to the setting of the sun, in mighty
continents, as well as in the smallest isles that strew
