880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
be wielded to the destruction of English commerce
at some day not remote, I shall not undertake to
ascertain. Having been born in a guessing coun-
try, I may guess; but I shall not pronounce.
However this may be, the doctrine is now repu-
diated by the English courts. And I will quote
a few lines from one of the latest and most es-
teemed English writers upon public law, (Wild-
man,) in proof of this assertion:
"These authorities show the illegality of the Berlin de-
cree, the British orders in council issued in retaliation, and
of the Milan decree, which followed them. These decrees
and orders were an invasion of the right of every neutral
State to carry on its own lawful trade with a belligerent."
But in those days of strange things, nothing
checked the spirit of rapacity. Even Allison, at
a much later period, tries to delude his readers, if
not himself, with this pretense of the debt of
gratitude due to England. He says;
"The United States have the disgrace of going to war
against Great Britain, the last refuge of feberty," &c.
This disgrace was in the assertion of national
rights, now universally acknowledged to have
been shamelessly violated. It is no wonder, how-
ever, that an Englishman should take this view,
when a State Legislature, in our own country, in
the midst of the contest solemnly resolved that it
did not become a moral and religious people to
rejoice at victories gained in such an unholy war.
The human intellect is strangely led captive in
times of excitement. I look back upon these cir-
cumstances historically that we may profit by the
retrospect, and not be misled by any parade of
deep obligation to the present belligerent Powers.
If England fought the battles of the world, at the
commencement of this century, she has no claim
to disinterestedness, for she got well paid for all
she did. I have not time to count the acquisitions
she made. They checker the world, Wedo not
want Prance, nor England, jior any other nation
to fight our battles. When we cannot do our
own fighting, and defend our own honor and in-
terest, let us strike our national flag, and bow to
the yoke of the conqueror. We shall never be
saved from that calamity by England.
It is impossible to look upon the elements of
commotion, which are now at work in Europe
without anxiety. Into what formidable combina-
tions they may ultimately arrange themselves is
beyond the reach of human sagacity. Whatever
these may be, they will neither be formed, nor
will they operate, in any friendly spirit to the
United States. That this Republic is unconquer-
able by any earthly power, or by any confedera-
tion of powers, maybe well said by an American,
without the chargeof national vanity. Our means
of resistance, and our knowledge and ability to
apply them, place us, as far as a people can be
placed, beyond the danger of subjugation. But
we are exposed to evils, which, though far short
of the annihilation of national independence, are
yet of sufficient magnitude to excite the solicitude
of a free and intelligent country. The improve-
ments of the age will tell upon our position, should
we be forced mto a collision with the powerful
nations of the Old World. In rapidity of trans-
portation, in the concentration of force, and in the
power to throw it upon any given point, as well
as in all the materiel of war, wonderful advances
have been made, which promise to be followed by
an almost entire revolution in the science of attack
and defense, and generally in the mode of carry-
ing on hostilities. The intellect, that is engaged
m seeking valuable improvement and new dis-
coveries, is ever acting, never doubting, always
advancing. We must not be taken by surprise m
this new condition of the world. We shall lose
nothing by v/ise preparation, nor by looking
steadily at the dangers, which beset us, with the
resolution to follow the example of our fathers,
and to do our duty in a perilous crisis, as they
did theirs in a still more perilous one.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I am not en-
tirely at liberty to decline some answer to the
inquiry which has been made by the honorable
Senator from Michigan in reference to the princi-
pal topic and the very interesting discussion with
which he has favored us this morning; and I may
be excused, perhaps, holding as I do, by the assign-
ment of the Senate, a very responsible position, so
far as this body is concerned, in reference to the
foreign relations of the country, for very briefly
bringing to the notice of the Senate and the coun-
try some facts which are connected with the inter- i
ference by European Powers spoken of by the
Senator from Michigan.
As to the first alleged disclaimer by Lord Claren-
don of the language imputed to him in the House
of Lords, I have but little to say. If he was cor-
rectly reported, as I presume was the fact, in the
transcript which has been exhibited to the Senate
by the Senator from Michigan, he certainly did
convey the meaning that the alliance subsisting
between the two Governments of France and Eng-
land had become general on all matters of policy,
and extended to all parts of the world, and that
" on the question of policy there is no part of the
world, in either hemisphere, with regaid to which
we are not perfectly in accord." The terms used
are very broad, ana, I fear, intended to cover a
very extended meaning. I am at liberty to say,
however, in reply to the inquiry made by the
honorable Senator from Michigan, that, as I am
informed, and I know correctly informed, Lord
Clarendon, in an inofficial conversation held with
the Minister of the United States at London, said
substantially that his attention had been called to
the interpretation which had been placed on those
remarks of his by the Senator from Michigan, in
the Senate, and that he had been surprised to find
that the Senator from Michigan thought them
susceptible of such an interpretation; and that his
true meaning was only that France and England
were acting jointly, with a joint purpose, in effect-
ing certain commercial treaties with the countries
bordering on the river De La Platte. That I have
understood, and I know I have correctly under-
stood, was the meaning assigned by Lord Claren-
don to his language in the debate that has been
alluded to.
Iam free to concede to that gentleman, as we
all will concede, what is due to him as a gentle-
man and a man of honor, full right to put his own
interpretation on his own language, difficult as we
may find it to reconcile that interpretation with
the language itself. But, sir, with any declara-
tion or disclaimer of Lord Clarendon, I should
think that I should have very little to do, though
with the acts of the Government of which Lord
Clarendon was then the foreign organ, or with the
acts of that Government with which it was, and
is, m alliance, we have more to do; and if it shall
be found that the conduct of those Governments
is in direct antagonism to this disclaimer of Lord
Clarendon, the attention of the American people
would be, and should be, strongly drawn to it.
Now, Mr. President, that a cloud has been
gathering for some years in the relations which
subsist between this Government and the English
Government originally, and now the Governments
of France and England jointly, none can doubt.
It has been evinced in both seas, the Atlantic and
the Pacific, commencing many, many years ago,
and biought down to a very recent period, evin-
cive of a joint policy on their part, for reasons
undisclosed by them, to interfere in matters with
which I am satisfied the American per-ple, with
one voice, will declare they have no right to in-
terfere.
Sir, we know the history of the affair at San
Juan or Greytown. We know that the British
Government, for reasons undisclosed, assumed
the strange and shadowy pretension that, because
of some undefined and vague protectorate, never
yet defined by her, supposed to exist between her
and a vagabond remnant of a band of Indians
on the coast of South America, she claimed the
right of interposition between those Indians and
the sovereignty of the country over which they
roamed—the Mosquito coast. This state of things
was disregarded for a time by this country, be-
cause, until it became a matter of moment with us
to have ready and unobstructed access to our pos-
sessions on the Pacific, the attention of the Amer-
ican people was not called to it. It was continued
by England, until at last it resulted in christening |
anew a port within the limits of a sovereign State
of Central America, giving it an English name,
and bringing it under English protection—the town
of Greytown. The two countries were brought
into communication in consequence of it, and a
treaty was framed which has been the subject of
discussion in the Senate, negotiated on the part of
this Government by the very able and distinguished
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] then the
Secretary of State, of which at present I shall say
nothing more than that in it, the renunciation on
the part of Great Britain of any purpose or design
at any future day to colonize, occupy, fortify, or
assume, or exercise dominion over any part, ot
Central America, was distinct. How far she has
complied with that pledge, history may tell at a
future day. I will say this, simply, that under
this assumed protectorate, on the part of England,
she did succeed in placing the people at Greytown
in such an equivocal position toward the rest of
the world that they were unable to determine
whether they constituted a responsible, political
community or not; and, in order to protect our
people and the honor of our country, by what 1
consider a fortunate incident, the town was bat-
tered about their ears on a very recent occasion,
by a gallant officer of the American Navy. It was
well done, and, in my judgment, correctly done.
England was the cause of it, because she placed
them in that equivocal condition toward the rest
of the world, in which we could only look upon
them as they turned out to be—utterly irrespon-
sible.' Every opportunity, under the instruction
of our Government, was given to them to disclaim
the intended offense, and to make amends,^ but
nothing was obtained from them but silence. They
showed themselves utterly in a state of disorgan-
ization. In my judgment they were correctly
treated as you would treat any horde of savages
who placed themselves in the path of civilization.
Mr. President, this question arose many years
ago. We all know very well, in looking back to
the period of Mr. Monroe's administration in
1822, that Spain had sought most diligently and
earnestly to obtain the intervention of the Allied
Powers of Europe upon the southern continent of
America, for the purpose of resubjugating her
colonies. England and the United States were
then found together in opposition to that intended
purpose. England, as I construe the history of
the occasion, was brought to it because of the ex-
igencies of her own commerce in the commercial
relations that had arisen between the people of
England and the people of those colonies, as con-
sequent upon the independence which they had
attained. So it was. England was with us in
protesting, and, I believe, in being prepared to
defeat, if necessary, the extension of that Euro-
pean policy to this continent at that time. But,
sir, the United States took the lead in advance of
England, although at the hazard of a general Eu-
ropean war if that policy had been carried out.
The United States took the lead in acknowledging
the independence of those Spanish American
States; England followed soon after; and at that
day was given birth the celebrated protest of Mr.
Monroe, handed down since as the Monroe doc-
trine, from which I have yet to hear the first
statesman of America dissent. What was it ? In
his annual message, in December, 1823, Mr.
Monroe informed Congress that, at the invitation
of Russia, instructions had been given to the
American Minister at St. Petersburgh to arrange,
by negotiation, questions of boundary between
the two Governments on the northwest coast of
America, and that a similar proposal had been
made by Russia to England, and accepted by her,
and then the message proceeds:
" In the discussion* to which this interest has given rise,
and in the ariangemeutP by-ivhich they may terminate, the
occasion has been judged proper for asserting, as a principle
in which the riahts and interests of the United States £re
involved, that the American continents" 
Both the North and South American continents—
" by the free and independent condition which they have
assumed and maintain, arc henceforth not to be considered
as subjects for luture colonization by any European Pow-
ers. "
That was the Monroe doctrine, as it has been
called, promulged in 1823, and I repeat, I have
yet to hear the first American statesman who dis-
sents from this resolution on the part of the Gov-
ernment of the United States. In the same mes-
sage Mr. Monroe went further, and in reviewing
the apprehended interference on the part of any
European Power m the politics and policy of these
continents, he held this language:
  We owe it, therefore, to candor and to the amicable
relations existing between the United States and those
J ovveis, to declaicthat we should consider any attempt oa
their part to extend their system to any portion of this hem-
isphere as dangerous to our peace and safety. With the
existing colonies or dependencies of any European Power
we have not interfered, and shall not interfere. But with
we co-Urt r.nt vicv any interposition fr,r the uurunse'of
oppressing mem, or controlling, in any other manner, their
