832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
annexation to the Umfd States, and in dispraise of our
couniry, 1" r Oovprj>mont and people. The substance of
Jus remarks lun been Mated lo mo by those who heard
thorn. I If deprecated annexation to (he United Stales, and
ri presented u to ho one of the worst cvib which could be-
ta!  l t  11 nvanan lace, denounei g our institutions as cor-
rupting in their tendency, and wholly unequal to protect in
security ihe erjowm ul <.f lifo and property. As an illus-
tration in* referred to Oahkirnia, and described numerous
disoideis. which, he alleged. had prevailed there, in the
strongest teims, predicting that the introduction of Amen-
caniuie in thes e I^lnnds would be the signal for the com-
mencement ot a Minilar state of things, m which the rights
of the natives would be altogether lost sight of and fcucri-
ficed. He read at length the articles in the New York Tn-
bune of July 20th and the Herald of a previous date, on the
subject of a:u exati<>n,to show that the designs of our Gov-
ernment were hostile to Hawaiian interests, and ought lo
be r< garded in no fueudly light. These papers, he insisted,
were (air and honest, rising above the corrupting tendency
ot Republican institutions, and entitled to great weight in
forming an opinion of the policy of the American imtion."
Mr. WELLER. 1 wishtoask my friend from
Virginia whether he is aware of the fact that there
was a board appointed soon after that speech was
made, composed of the surgeons of the French and
English fleet lying at Honolulu, which found that
this consul was insane. There was a board reg-
ularly appointed to try that question, and they
found that he was insane. That is the reason
why I shall make no reply to what he says against
my constituents.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I w*s aware,
sir, of the fact, not that a commission of lunacy
had issued upon him, but that it had been said
afterwards, in some manner, that he was insane.
If this were the only instance where these two
Powers, either jointly or separately, had interfered
in our policy, \ might consider it worthy only of a
passing notice; but i regard it as a mere fink in a
great chain. Whether this man be insane or not,
Heaven knows; but if he held the language which
is ascribed to htm, and which doubtless he did
hold, being himself the representative ofhis coun-
try to the foreign Power to which he was accred-
ited, in defaming the institutions of a Government
with which his was on terms of peace and amity;
and (hat Government did not only not make a
disclaimer of the act of its representaiive, but a
disclaimer of the sentiments, and of the purpose
and policy, we nave a right to hold them respon-
sible for it.
Now, sir, f have to call the attention of the
Senate to a very recent matter with which my
honorable friend, the Senator from Louisiana,
{Mr. Benjamin,] has probably some acquaint-
ance. it was considered desirable on the part
of this Government, for purposes of high national
interest in the promotion of commerce, to make
a convention with the State of Ecuador on the
Pacific, where we have a charge d'affaires, in rela-
tion to the commerce in guano, which it was sup-
posed had been recently discovered within the
possessions of Ecuador. Negotiations were en-
tered into for the purpose of making a commercial
treaty to secure to this Governme t,in some form,
the advantages resulting from such a trade, and we
forthwith find the representatives, not of England
and France alone, but of Spain and Peru with
them, remonstrating against any such treaty on
the part of the Government of Ecuador. Here is
the evidence. In a dispatch from Mr. White, our
charge d'affaires at Quito, to the Secretary of
State, dated November 24, 1854, he says:
" Called last night at my house, to advise me that Messrs.
De Paz and Viii&mos, charge from Spain and Fiance, Sor
.Lauz, the Peruvian minister, and Mr. Walter Cope, the
12ngli*h consul, called upon the minister on Wednesday m
a body, without the u*ual courtesy of askin? m advance
for a conference; and that they abruptly demanded the
right to protest against the ratification of our treaty with
Ecuador, in relation to the trade in guano," &e.
The minister of Peru and the minister of Spain
are here, intervening for thefirst timein theaffairs
of this Government, but their objects and purposes,
and the quo ammo, are manifested by the company
in which they are found. They went there and
abruptly demanded the rightof protesting against
any such treaty with this Government. This is
not the only evidence of it, for there is a dispatch
from Mr. Clay, our minister at Peru, dated so late
as the 25 h of December last, in which he tells the
Secretary of State:
u Mr. Moncayo, Minister of Ecuador, in Lima, was al^o
instructed by his Government to inform me that, at an offi-
cial interview with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the
JJcuador, Mr. "VilJ&mus, the French chargS d'affaires, had
©aid, in reierrmg to the treaty,' he was surprised that the
Government ot the Ecuador would seek the protection of a
nation whose ambitious views and unscrupulous desire of
extending its territones were notorious, and which was
shown hy the annexation of Tex.v, California, and our de-
signs will* respect to the Sandwich Island* and Cuba. That
iu so far as France was conee-ncd,the Emperor was re-
solved to curb that ppirit j and although. untW present cir-
cumstances, it did not suit the policy ofhis Government to
undertake anything against the United States, yet, upon
the conclusion of the war with Russia, the Emperor would
turn bis attention to the United Stares ; ami that a war be-
tween the two countries he considered unavoidable, as it
was deeired by the French Government,3 1 do not pre-
tend to giv « the exact words of thia extraordinary assertion
of Mr. Vill&mo* ;• but it was conveyed Dine by Mr. Mon-
cayo in language fully as strong, and substantially as I have
stated it."
Now, sir, if there were an inquisition of lunacy
on the gentleman here mentioned, I apprehend he
would be as fit a subject for a return of lunacy as
the consul of Great Britain at Honolulu; but what
does it evince? Why, sir, it evinces that in some
extraordinary way, these consuls and diplomatic
functionaries have a general license, not iu Europe,
but here upon the adjacent American continent, to
defame the institutions of this country in their
official character, to intimidate the Powers to
which they are accredited, for the purpose of pre-
venting commercial treaties, connections that we
seek or may choose to form with them, and that
they go, as far as their own Governments are
concerned, unwhipped of justice.
1 come now to the more recent case at San Do-
mingo. It was considered important, on the part
of this Government, to form commercial connec-
tions of some kind with the Dominican Govern-
ment, which, we are well informed, is in the hands
of the white race, the principal and great object
being to attain the most desirablo end of having
a depot for coal. The Island of San Domingo is
the only one of those islands that is not in pos-
session of some one oftne European Powers. As
we all know, one end of that island is in the
hands of the negro race, who have relapsed into
suvagtsm and barbarism; and the other end is in
the hands of the African race, as they are repre-
sented now by the white race, and who are too
feeble and puny to take care of themselves. It
was deemed important by our Government, for
high national purposes, to obtain a coal depot
there; and, if coal existed in the island, as there
was strong reason to believe, to be allowed, under
proper contracts and engagements, to have the
privilege of obtaining it. Here again we find the
French consul and the English consul actively and
personally interfering, until they at last success-
fully frustrated the negotiation. Here is a letter
from Mr. Cazneau, the commercial agent there,
addressed to the Secretary of State, so late as De-
cember 23, 1S54, in which he says:
111 would respectfully beg leave to call your attention to
the documents herevviili inclosed, as they present a full and
connected chain ot evidence Irom the most eminent and
md.-potable witnesses, that ihe interruption ot the friendly
relations between the United Stales and ihe Dominican Re-
public, was entirely effected by the menaces and intrigues of
th.• diplomatic agents of France and England in their active
hostility to the interests of the United States.
u France and England assume here, under Thetitleof the
' mediannu Powers,' a dietatonal supt-rvision altogether
incompatible with the independence ot the Dominican Re-
public. "
We know very well, Mr. President, that the
Spanish negroes at one end of the island are com-
paratively few and feeble, and the French negroes
at the other end are m a state of perfect savagism,
are jar more numerous, and that these too me-
diating powers claim the credit of keeping the
French negroes from exterminating the Spanish
negroes at the other end, and they have been there
in that character for a considerable time. San
Domingo once belonged to Prance. At an evil
day she surrendered it to the African race, who
at the time were her slaves, but who had suc-
ceeded in a revolt. What has been the conse-
quence? After the whites were expelled from
the island, the negroes relapsed into a state of
absolute savagism, which is paralleled only by
the same race on the coast of Africa from whence
they came; and the only veatrge, as far as I am
informed, of civilization, of progress, of a capa-
bility to take care of themselves, which is evinced
by any portion of the African race on that island
is at the Dominican end, where the Government
is in the hands of the whites, at their surrender,
and by whom they are controlled.
Sir, as was strongly said by the honorable Sen-
ntor from Michigan, the European powers are in
possession of every island near us—all the Wind-
ward Islands, the islands of the Caribbean sea,
extending by the English Bahamian possessions
to our own State of Florida. They have been m
possession of them from an early day, we assert-
ing no right and intending no purpose to interfere
with that possession, notwithstanding the great
interests of this country in protecting a commerce
which is increasing every day in importance and
■in value, along the whole coast of Central America,
across the Isthmus, to our possessions on the Pa-
cific coast, without a right to even an anchorage
ground anywhere in those seas, for we are unable
to get it, alt being in possession of those European
Powers. Although this is the case, when an effort
was made, openly and avowedly, to obtain so
simple an advantage as a depot for coal, these two
European Powers, by their representatives, inter-
posed to prevent it, and successfully frustrated it.
There is no shutting our eyes to these facts.
We should be recreant to the trust imposed on
us by the American people if they were not ex-
posed, in order that the public mind may prepare
for the events that may occur if they are perse-
vered in, as we have every reason to believe they
will be. In connection with this subject there ia
a very exiraordinary paper—one presented by the
consuls of France and England, to the President
of the Republic of Dominica, which I have ob-
tained, arid upon the truth and verity of which I
rely—a paper presented by the consuls of England
and France, in December, 1854, in which they
inquired of the Dominican Government, whether
if the two mediating Powers guaranteed a truce
with the Empire of tlayti—the French side—the
Dominican Power would, as a party the rem, make
certain guarantees. Now, 1 ask the Senate to
listen to those proposed engagements. Marie,
England and France proposed through their rep-
resentatives—and when I speak of those countries,
1 speak of the acts of their authorized diplomatic
functionaries—to the President of the Republic of
Dominica, to guarantee a truce with their enemy
Faustin, provided the President of Dominica
would, as a part of that guarantee, enter into the
following stipulations with those Powers :
i( 1st. Never to pell, to lease, to mortgage or give away,
either absolutely or temporarily, any portion of the Domi-
nican territory, particularly on the bay of Saroana, to any
Government whatever.
"2d. N«-ver to contract a financial engagement with anv
foreign State, nor accept any subsidv from such, or mort-
gage or hypothecate to it any branch of the revenues of the
State of St. Domingo.
** 3d. Never to consent to any alienation of the sovereign
national jurisdiction in favor or any foreign State.
u4ih. Never to permit any Government whatever to
found or occupy, upon Dominican territory, any maritime
establishment, or any factories or depots whatever.
'• 5tli. N«'ver to permit the landing of any troops of ad ven-
turers, whether armed or not, at any point in the same
territory.
"6th. N^ver to conclude any treaty with any Power
whatever, according it more than has been accorded to
other Powers by previous conventions; but above all no
treaty in winch such Power will not guarantee the same
treatment, the same rights, the same advantages, and the
same privileges to all Dominicans, without distinction of
origin or color."
Upon those conditions, the functionaries of
France and England offered to guarantee a truce
with their enemies on the other side of the island.
Ihe paper containing them was placed in my
hands from a source which satisfies me that it is
a genuine paper, and that these propositions were
made to the President of the Dominican Republic,
under the sanction and by the authority of those
whose names are signed to it—the consuls of
England and France at St. Domingo. What is
the meaning of it? In the first pface, knowing-,
as they do know, the unfortunate differences, not
to say dissensions, of a domestic character, at
home, arising out of our institution of African
slavery, they avail themselves of it as a means
to alienate forever any portion of that island from
American possession, if they go to that extent
have we not a right to infer that—not avowedlv'
not in the form of an official dispatch, but quietly
and secretly the authorities of that island were
persuaded* as the attempt was made to persuade
those at Honolulu, that the consequence of any
connection with thia Government would be to
reduce them to a state of slavery ? That, however
is a matter of inference only, 9
I have,Mr. President,given the proofs. Taken
by tnemselves, detached one from the other, thev
might not amount to much to impress the public
mind; but collect them and collate them,and who
can shut his eyes to the fact that, from reasons
undisclosed, but which we have a right to con*
