838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
ous question shall not be sustained, I have another
amendment I desire to offer, similar, I suppose, to
the one which the gentleman from Maryland de-
sires to offer. I ask that my amendment may be
read again.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from Alabama to withdraw his demand for
the previous question for a moment, to enable me
to make a remark or two.
Mr. COBB. I withdraw it for that purpose.
Mr. JONES. I am in favor of this amendment,
and shall sustain the previous question upon it. I
will say to the House that this is the same bill
which I asked leave to introduce some two or
three weeks ago. It has but a solitary provision
in it, and that is to authorize those who may be
entitled, under the provisions of the graduation
act of last session, to make their affidavits before
any person within the State or Territory in which
they live duly authorized to administer oaths
under such rules and regulations as the Secretary
of the Interior shall prescribe.
That, sir, in m y opinion, is an important amend-
ment, and ought to be passed for the relief of those
who live upon the lands, but who cannot, at all
times, incur the expense, fatigue, and trouble of
going to the land office.
Mr. COBB. And for the relief of widows and
invalids who cannot get there.
Mr. JONES. Yes, for that class of persons
also. At the land office at Iluritsville, some thirty
miles from the place of my residence, I under-
stood that, at one time two or three hundred per-
sons were waiting to enter lands under the law,
and the officers of the land office could not attend
to more than ten or fifteen persons a day; and
many who came one and two hundred miles, had
to go home without making their entries,and had
again to return to the land office, at a subsequent
time, merely for the purpose of making the affi-
davit required by the law. If this provision shall
be passed, the Secretary of the Interior can author-
ize such affidavits to be made before justices of the
peace, and they can be sent up, and thereby ob-
viate the necessity of the applicants going to the
land office personally.
Mr. COBB. I now demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HAMILTON. I appeal to the gentleman
from Alabama to allow me to offer ity amend-
ment. He proposes to amend the graduation bill
of last session, and the object of my amendment
is to perfect the bill. It is an amendment which
is recommended by the Department. It proposes
to meet a system of frauds which is apprehended
by the Department. I hope the previous question
will not be sustained.
Mr. WELLS. I appeal to the gentleman from
Alabama to withdraw his demand for the previous
question for a moment, until the amendment of
the gentleman from Maryland can be read.
Mr. COBB. I have no objection to its being
read; but it is objected to by other members, and
of course it would be useless for me to withdraw
my demand.
Mr. W ELLS. The Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office recommends that amendment.
Mr. COBB. He also recommends the amend-
ment which I have offered.
The SPEAKER. This debate is not strictly in
order, as the demand for the previous question is
pending.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I hope the House will
allow the amendment of the gentleman from Ma-
ryland to be read.
The SPEAKER. The objection to its reading
is insisted upon, the Chair understands.
The House was then divided on the demand for
tellers, and they were not ordered.
The SPEAKER. Tellers not being ordered,
and upon a division of the House some time
since, on the demand for the previous question,
there were only thirty-eight voting in favor there-
of, and consequently the demand for the previous
question is not sustained.
Mr. COBB. The demand for the previous
question not being sustained, 1 now offer another
amendment, upon the responsibility that eighty-
five members voted for it upon another occasion.
The amendment was then reported, as follows:
" And that portion of said act that has? been conftrtied an
requiring that land3 entered or applied for, for the use of as
adjoining farm or plantation, shall form a compact body
with such farm or plantation, shall hereafter be construed
as applicable to any lands cornering or adjoining such farm
or plantation, and the portion of said Jaw that has been
construed as authorizing the entry of lands under said
graduating act, on filing a declaration of intention to enter
land-* for the use of the applicant, and for the purpose of
settlement and cultivation, shall hereafter be considered as
authorizing an entry in such case only, on proof of actual
settlement and improvement by the party making such ap
plication, under such rules and regulaiions as may be pre-
set ihed by the Secretary of the Interior for that purpose,
and the oath of the applicant that it is for their own use,
and not in trust for another."
Mr. COBB. In order that the House may un-
derstand distinctly what the proposition is before
them, I ask the gentleman from Maryland to send
up his amendment, to be read for information; and
then, if the House prefer his amendment to mine,
they can take a vote upon it.
Mr. HAMILTON. It is the same as the
amendment of the gentleman from Alabama. I
will send it up that it may be read.
Mr. COBB. I understood it was nearly the
same.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
See. 1, Be it enacicd bythz Seiiate and Hcztse of Rep-
rfbent'ittvcs of the United States of Air,erica in Congress
assembled, Tnat the net approved 4th August, IS">4, u to
graduate and reduce the pnee of the public hinds to actual
settlers and cultivators," shall be so construed that the affi-
davits requited by the thud section of that act may be made
before any officer duly authorized by law to administer
oaths, aecoiding to such founs and pursuant to such regu-
lations a& shall be prescribed by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior; and the portion of said law that has been construed
as authorizing the entry of lands under said graduating act,
on filing a declaration of intention to enter lands for the use
of the applicant, and for the purpose of settlement and cul-
tivation, shall hereafter be considered as authorizing an
entry in such cases, only on prool of actual settlement and
improvement m accoidance with the piovisions of the pre-
empuon act ot 1841, except as to notice, and under such
rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the Secretary
ot the Interior for that purpose; and that portion of said
act which authorizes lands to be entered or applied for, tor
thf* u*e of an adjoining farm or plantation, be, and the same
is hereby, repealed.
Slc. 2- And be it further enacted. That patents Mi all not
i««.ue lor any entries under the said act ot 4th August, 1854,
until satisfactory evidence has been produced that the land
so entered has been m the actual possession and cultiva-
tion of the p"roon who entered it tor the period ot three
years, commencing witmn sixty days next after the date of
the entry ; and on failure to furnish such evidence wuhin
tvv< Ive months next alter the expualiou of the three yeuis
aforesaid, said entry shall be declared null and void, the
purchase money .shall be refunded, and the land restored to
market a* public land, after notice ot not lc s than sixty
day^: Provided, however, That in no case shall certificates of
entry under this act be considered as.-ignable; and all pat-
ents shall issue in the names of the patties who made the
entries; and it me parties who made such entries shall
have died before the is'.ue of the patents, the rights under
such patents shall mure to the widow and heirs of the
patentee m equal proportions.
The SPEAKER. Is the proposition of the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Hamilton]offered
as an amendment to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Alabama?
Mr. HAMILTON. Certainly, sir.
Mr. COBB. 1 think not. I only asked that
the gentleman's proposition might be read for in-
formation. The gentleman misled me when he
stated that his proposition was substantially the
same as my amendment. His proposition em-
braces two principles which are noLat all in my
amendment; and those principles are very import-
ant.
The SPEAKER. Had the gentleman from
Maryland the floor for the purpose of introducing
his proposition?
Mr. COBB. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. Then his amendment is not
before the body.
Mr. HAMILTON. I would like to say a
word.
Mr. COBB. I hope that I may be allowed to
proceed. I hardly ever trouble the House with
any remarks.
Mr. HAMILTON. I rise to a point of order.
I understood the gentleman from Alabama to state
that he yielded the door to me for the purpose of
offering my amendment.
Mr. COfiB. 1 only yielded the floor for the
purpose of hearing the gentleman's amendment
read for the information of the House. Such was
my intention, and the words which I used I think
conveyed it.
Mr. HAMILTON. That is not as I under-
stood the gentleman. He said that I might offer
my amendment, and the House could then determ-
ine between my amendment and the one which he
had offered.
The SPEAKER. Then the amendment is <j
before the body. ii
Mr. COBB. No, sir; I had the gentleman's
amendment read merely for information—nothing
more. My friends say that I so stated at the time.
Now I will proceed with my comments upon the
question.
Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Alabama, I will make
a single remark.
Mr. COBB. I trust that the gentleman will first
let me get through with what I have to say. My
remarks are usually broken enough, without
making them more so by interruptions. I shall
not occupy much time.
Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN. I rise for the pur-
pose of stating that I understood the gentleman
from Alabama gave way merely for the reading of
the amendment of the gentleman from Maryland.
Had I understood otherwise I should have ob-
jected.
Mr. HAMILTON. I understood otherwise.
If, however, it be the understanding that the gen-
tleman from Alabama only yielded for the reading
of my amendment for information, very well. I
do not object.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker, I would call the
careful attention of the House to the proposition
of the gentleman from Maryland. In it there is a
provision requiring settlement under the preemp-
tion act of 1841, confining every one to that act.
The second section of the original graduation bill
does not confine the preemption to any one par-
ticular act—it embraces all acts, and allows of
preemptions under all of them. Thus, it will be
seen, that by the adoption of the gentleman's
proposition, we would exclude a large portion of
the prtemptors, by thi3 restriction, to one act.
My amendment not only gives latitude to the pre-
emption act of 1841, but to all other preemption
acts. This, it will be acknowledged, is a very
important difference between the two proposi'ions.
I do not attempt to bring up vexed questions.
My object is merely to regulate the machinery of
the existing law.
The second principle of the gentleman's amend-
ment, for which 1 cannot and will not vote—the
House can do as it pleases—is the one requiting
an individual to live three years upon the land",
for -Which he has paid the Government price,
before he shall have a patent for it. Is the Blouse
ready for the adoption of such a principle? Is the
land given to the individual here as it is proposed
to be given under the homestead bill, in which it
is required that no patent shall issue until he shall
have lived upon the land five years? No. The
cases are dissimilar. In this case the settler pays
for the land. We make him pay the price whf h
the Government is willing to receive for the land.
The gentleman proposes that the settler shall live
three years upon the land for which he paid
before he can get a title to it. Is that just? Is
that, right?
We do not give the land away. Much of it is
entered at one dollar the acre. Is that giving it to
the individual > When the settler paysonedollar
the acre for his land he ought to get a title to it
without that condition of residence. It is neither
right nor just that he should be compelled to live
upon land for which he paid all that was asked
three years before he can receive a title to it I
cannot vote for the gentleman's amendment." If
't is attached to the bill, I shall vote against the
wnole. I shall not require a man to pay for land
and then provide that, unless he resides upon it
for three years, he shall forfeit all right to it. If
his family should sicken one after the other, and
he be compelled to go elsewhere, he loses his land
and the money which he paid for it. Is that ri ht >
Let gentlemen look at the question. The House
can certainly determine between my proposition
and that of the gentleman from Maryland Mv
amendment, like the original bill, simply author-
izes the settler to quality before a magistrate. I
am willing to provide for preemption°and leave
the vexed questions out.
My amendment provides that the preemntor
may enter lands adjoining those which he has pre-
empted. Ihe Commissioner of the General Land
Office construed the law that lands did not jen
where the corners only come together. The con-
struction does not meet with my approval. [
contend that lands are adjoining whose corners
join, bo I understood when I drafted the bill
and when it passed through this House The
amendment, then, authorizea the Commissioner
