1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
839
to construe lands to be adjoining that comer one
the other.
The next feature of the amendment is to put an
end to that provision of the act under which, it is
said, frauds have been committed. It requires
absolute settlement upon the land before any indi-
vidual can be entitled, either under the graduation
or the preemption bills. Is that right? I think
that it is, and ask that it may be ingrafted upon
the bill. The amendment then provides for the
prevention of much inconvenience resulting to
settlers under the original bill. 1 extend the law
so that it may comport with the other laws on the
same subject. Instead of making settlers travel
two or three hundred miles to enter land, let them
qualify before the proper magistrate. Let us
consider, fur a moment, the suffering of indi-
viduals who have been entering land during the
present winter. If the members of this House
had to suffer only what ten widows or five partial
invalids have suffered during the last winter, in
tramping over two or three hundred miles to enter
little homes, that their children might be sheltered
from the inclemency of the weather, they would
now come up, and with one unanimous response,
say, " Let trie widow, let the invalid, let each and
every one of them be entitled to enter the land
by qualifying before properly authorized officers,
according to the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior." Will this provision be withheld from
suffering humanity? Is there a gentleman here
who will object to it?
The question is with the House. I hope that
my proposition may be sustained. I have confi-
dence in the Commissioner of the General Land
Office and in the Secretary of the Interior. I have
had business to transact with them, arid know what
they are able and efficient, and ready to dischaige
their duty. I have confidence in their putting u.
stop to many of the fraudulent entries saut to
have been made under provisions of the original
bill. They tell me that they will do it. They
will apply the knife closely. It ought to be done,
and they will do what they say. 1 ought to stop
here.
[Laughter, and cries of " We understand the
question!"]
Mr. COBB. Very well, then. I call for the
previous question.
Mr. HAMILTON. Has the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has. The gentleman from
Alabama, however, demands the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HAMILTON. These amendments will
be printed in the morning papers. Members will
then have the opportunity of seeing them, and
will be better able to understand them. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the f^tate of the Union.
Mr. COBB. I hope the House will take a vote
upon this bill first.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 appeal to thegentleman from
Maryland to withdraw his motion, to enable me
to report back a bill from the Committee of Ways
and Means, for the purpose of having it referred
and printed.
Mr. HAMILTON. I will withdraw for that
purpose.
Mr. HAVEN then, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back the bill of the House making appro-
priations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and to fulfill treaty
stipulations with the various Indian tribes for the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 185G, with the
Senate amendments thereto, and with various
amendments by the Committee of Ways and
Means; which was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
GRADUATION BILL—AGAIN1.
Mr. HEJNN. I appeal to the gentleman from
Maryland to withdraw his motion to go into the
Committee of the Wholeon thestateof the Union,
and allow us to-dispose of this matter this morn-
ing.
Mr. HAMILTON. The morning hour has
been spent in the consideration of the legitimate
business, and I think we had better allow the
matter to go over till to-morrow morning. I renew
the motion that the rules be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HENN. It will not take more than fifteen
minutes to dispose of this bill.
Mr. HAMILTON. I cannot withdraw my
motion.
Mr. CRAIGE. I demand tellers upon the mo-
tion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Parker and
Edmundson were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes forty-eight, a further count not being de-
manded.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question then recuired upon seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. COBI3. I ask for the vote.
The question was taken; and, upon a division,
there were—ayes 62, noes 29, no quorum voting.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 ask for tellers.
The SPEAKER. Tellers have been refused.
No quorum has voted, and the Chair will ascer-
tain whether there is a quorum in the House.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not think tellers have been
refused upon seconding the demand for the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
tellers will be considered as ordered.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Parker and
Edmundson were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 89, noes 45.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put,
being fir.-t upon Mr. Cobb's amendment.
Mr. Cll&MBEllLAlN. I wish to inquire
whether, it'the pending amendment be voted down,
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Maryland will then be m order?
The SPEAKER. The amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Maryland is not oefore
the body at all. The previous question cuts off
all amendments.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I call for the
yeas and nays on the amendment of the gentle-
man from Alabama.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. COBB. I ask for tellers.
Telleis were ordered; and Messrs. Boyce and
Caruthers were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes fifty six.
Mr. HAMILTON. Count the other side.
The SPEAKER. Fifty-six is less than half of
a quorum, and the Chair does not choose to take
up the time of the House in counting the other
side. The amendment is rejected.
The question recurred upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time, and being put,
the House was divided, and there were—ayes 80,
noes 25—no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection the
Cheir will direct the House to be divided by tell-
ers m order that we may ascertain if there is a
quorum present.
No objection was made, and Messrs. Kfitt and
Stanton, of Kentucky, were appointed tellers.
Tne question was taken; and the tellers reported
ayes 95, noes 32.
So the bill was then ordered to be engrossed,
and read a thiid time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read a third time.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. COBB. I mors to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that the rules
of the House be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. Toget at that now,the mo-
tion would be to go to the business on the Speak-
er's table; but it is hardly worth while to go
through that routine. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Cobb] proposes to report from the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. COBB. It is my privilege to report, if I
am recognized as having the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does recognize
the gentleman.
Mr. ORR. I move that the House proceed to
the consideration of business on the Speaker's
table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order-
Mr. COBB. Have I not the floor, Mr. Speaker?
The SPEAKER. That motion takes the flofrr
from the gentleman from Alabama, *
Mr. ORR. I now move that the rules of tfte
House be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hibbard
in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The business in order
before the committee is the consideration of Blouse
bill (No. 509) making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1856, and for other
purposes. The question immediately before the
committee is the following amendment, submitted
by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Craioe:]
At the end of line throe hundred and one, on the 13tli
pa^ie, insert ihe following:
For the continuation of the Treasury Building, $300,000,
to b« expended under the direction of the President ol the
United State?, according to the plan proposed by Thomas
!J Walter, atehi'ert, and approved of by the Committees
of tho Senate and House of Representatives on Buildings
and Grounds at last session ol Congress.
On the question of the amendment, tellers were
yesterday ordered.
Messrs. Edmunpson, and Taylor of Tennes-
see, were appointed.
Mr. STANTON, ofTenneseee. I propose to
amend that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee has com-
menced dividing, and the tellers have reported in
part. It is the impression of the Chair that the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee
comes too late.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 83, noes 37.
So Mr. Craigi'/s amendment was adopted.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I now pro-
pose the following amendment, to come in at that
point, in the bill:
Ami ihe woik shall be riected by such civil architect as
the. Piesident may appoint.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that that
amendment was ruled out of order yesterday. I
make the point of order now, and I do so for the
reason that I do not want the committee to go into
this vexed question now. We have not time to
discuss the subjects which would arise in connec-
tion with this amendment. It proposes to change
an existing law, and therefore I raise the point of
order.
Mr. STANTON. It does not propose to
change an existing law.
Mr. SEYMOUR. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton} is vir-
tually an amendment to the amendment of the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Craige,]
which the committee has voted on. It is, there-
fore, not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that it is too late to amend an amendment which
has just been adopted. The Chair rules it out of
order,
Mr. HOUSTON. I offer the following amend-
ment: After the word "thousand," in line three
hundred and eight, insert the words " five hun-
dred, " so that the clause will read as follows:
Fuel, lights, ippairs, and miscellaneous, $8,500.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The following clause was then read by the
Clerk:
For compensation of the Commissioner of the General
Land OiTk-c, and the recorder, draughtsman, assistant
draujihtsman, clerks, messengers, assistant messengers^
packer?, and laborers, iu Ins office, $168,186."
Mr. DISNEY. 1 offer the following amend-
ments to the clause just read: After the woid
" office," in line three hundred and forty-three, to
insert the following: "whose salaries shall here-
after be $4,0j0 per annum;" and in line three
hundred and forty-three, to strike out the word
"eight," and insert in lieu thereof "nine," so
that the clause would then read as follows:
