848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20.
have carried it on successfully without the aid of
the architect, than the several parts of the solar
system could move harmoniously in their orbits
without the presence of the sun.
I do not wish to underrate the engineers of the
War Department in the appropriate line of their
military duties. Many of them are accomplished
gentlemen, experienced in their professions, and a
credit and ornament to their class. But military
architecture and engineering are totally different
things from civil architecture and civil engineer-
ing. Men who may erect a log hut are not, neces-
sarily, qualified to build a palace; nor does it fol-
low, because a military engineer may plan a fort,
or layout a road, he is, therefore, qualified to
construct a stately portico, or erect a splendid
dome. The building you propose to erect must
have a civil architect. You cannot get along with-
out such an officer. Were you to place a dozen
military engineers in charge of the work you could
not dispense with his services. Then why not
provide at once that the work shall be placed under
the control of some competent person of that class,
and intrust his selection to the President? The
presence of a military engineer is but an incum-
brance, and serves only to embarrass the archi-
tect. His judgment is controlled by the engineer,
his designs frequently mutilated, and the harmo-
nious progress of the work often impeded. I do
not know of any civil work in progress, which is
placed under the control of a military engineer,
that some half-paid civil architect is not employed
to do the work for which the credit is given to the
Army officer. Sir, it is a notorious fact, that these
civil architects, occupying these subordinate and
humiliating positions, draw all the designs, make
all the calculations and estimates, measure the
work and materials, and perform the valuable ser-
vices supposed usually to be performed by the
engineers, while the engineers sign the drawings
and reports, and, in the eyes of the world, receive
the whole credit for what is achieved. Why,sir,
in the very proposition now pending to enlarge the
Post Office Department,you pay involuntary trib-
ute to the civil architects of the country, by re-
quiring, not that the plan of any military engineer
shall be carried out, but that the work shall be con-
structed according to a plan designed by Thomas
U. Walter, the distinguished architectof the Cap-
itol! Who would ever think of calling upon a
military engineer for the plan of a Treasury build-
ing or a Post Office edifice !
It would seem to me to be worse than folly to
place over the man who designs a great work a
less competent man to superintend and control its
construction. The evil of this has been made
manifest upon the extension of the Capitol, where
plans have been ruthlessly changed, details altered,
and immense additional expense incurred, which
was never contemplated,and which 110 civil archi-
tect would ever have dared to incur. But, sir, I
do not propose to discuss this subject now. I am
not complaining of the manner in which the Cap-
itol extension has been managed. Complaints in
that respect are useless while the work remains
under the control of the War Department.
But, it is sometimes urged that there is more
safety to the Government m the employment of a
military officer than a civilian. The military offi-
cer is said to afford a greater security to the Gov-
ernment for the proper expenditure of the public
money, because he is more directly responsible to
the Department. His life office is at stake, and
the fear of losing this would deter him from any
wrongful act. Sir, the fair name and character of
a civilian is as dear to him as the office of the engi-
neer; and it is unjust to set up for military men
pretensions of greater integrity upon such grounds.
But, sir. the question as to how the public money
is to be disbursed is a matter not involved in the
amendment under consideration. That is left to
the discretion of the President, and he may choose
whom he pleases forthat service. What 1 desire,
and what will be accomplished if this amendment
succeeds, is, that the President shall be required
to select a civil architect, competent to exeiute the
work, who shall be allowed to perform the service
without being subject to the control of an Army
officer.
Mr. DICKINSON. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, under whose direction it
is proposed to place the construction of this build-
ing in the amendment which he advocates ?
Mr-. STANTON. I understand the amend-
ment proposes that the work, under the direction
of the President of the United States, shall be
executed by such an architect as he may appoint.
I think it is precisely in the language of the ori-
final law authorizing the extension of the Capitol.
t is to be placed under the supervision of such a
civil architect as the President may appoint. The
disbursement of the money is another matter,
which may be provided for as gentlemen please.
Mr. DICKINSON. I should like to make
another inquiry. I ask the gentleman from Ken-
tucky whether there is any objection to the man-
ner in which the work of the Capitol extension
is carried on ?
Mr. STANTON. That is a question which I
do not propose now to enter into. It would re-
quire more time to explain my opinions on that
subject than it would be proper now to take.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that this debate is not pertinent to the
proposition under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot rule
the discussion out of order from any remarks that
have yet been made.
Mr. DICKINSON. I should like to make still
a third inquiry. I ask whether the propriety of
the manner in which the work of the Capitol ex-
tension is progressing has not been referred to a
special committee of this House, which committee
have taken no steps to enlighten the House as to
the charges made against those having the work
in charge? Ar.d whetherthat committee are making
any progress 111 their investigations, or whether
they have become satisfied that there is no found-
ation whatever for the charge of mal-admimstra-
tiont
Mr. STANTON. In answer to the gentleman
I have to say, that the committee of which I have
the honor to be the chairman was intrusted with
an inquiry as to the general policy of employing
military officers in superintending civil works.
They had also in charge the matter of inquiring
into the military supenntendency of the armories.
They spent nearly the whole of the last session m
their investigations upon this latter branch of the
subject. They reported to the House their con-
clusions, and Congress, after full discussion, ap-
proved their report, and abolished the military
superintendency so far as the armories were con-
cerned. The committee was revived this session,
and has made some progress in the other branches
of inquiry. Some important facts have been eli-
cited, which the gentleman can examine when he
chooses to call at the committee room. He will
find, that while many of the engineers of the War
Department are taken from their proper military
duties to act as superintendents of civil works, the
seivice is embarrassed for the want of enough offi-
cers to take charge of the military works of the
country. He knows, too, that, for several years,
the engineer department has regularly asked of
Congress an increase of the number of their offi-
cers.
Mr. CRAIGE. Will the gentleman from Ken-
tucky allow uie to say that a portion of the subject
referred to the committee of which the gentleman
was chairman, was also referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds. We had the
same undei consideration, and came to a totally
different conclusion from that stated by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. We gave the matter a
careful investigation, and became perfectly satis-
fied that, so far from there being any mal-adminis-
tration upon the part of the man having the matter
in charge, the work was carried out in accordance
with law.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the gentleman to point
to any law authorizing the appointment of a mili-
tary engineer over the work.
. Mr. CRAIGE. I did not expect this discus-
sion would arise to-day.
Mr. STANTON. Neither did I.
Mr. CRAIGE. I cannot turn to the lawatthis
moment; we, however, became satisfied that there
was 110 ground for the charge of mismanagement.
The law simply authorized the appropriation
which was made to be expended under the direc-
tion of the President of the United States, and the
President of the United States had a right to ap-
point whom he chose.
Mr. STANTON. Does not the law to which
the gentleman refers simply require the appoint-
ment of a disbursing officer, and expressly pro-
vide that he shall settle his accounts at the Treas-
ury as the " accounts of other civil officers " are
settled ?
Mr. CRAIGE. The law directed the appro-
priation to be expended under the direction of the
President of the United States, and he had the
power to appoint a civil engineer, or a military
engineer, as he saw fit. The gentleman speaks
of the settlement of accounts. Well, sir, Con-
gress had the right to direct that a military officer
should settle his accounts in a particular manner
if they saw fit, and because they did see fit to
make such a requisition is no reason for not ap-
pointing a military officer. Our committee were
unanimous in coming to the conclusion that no
such construction could be placed upon the law
as to require the President to appoint a civil engi-
neer over the work.
As to the alterations which have been made, I
ask the gentleman from Kentucky whether he is
prepared to say that alterations have been made
to the injury of the building?
Mr. DICKINSON. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. STANTON, (interrupting.) Allow me
a single word more. The whole purpose of the
amendment which was offered in the Senate by
Mr. Borland, and under which it is claimed, the
President had power to appoint a military officer
at the Capitol, was to appoint a disbursing officer,
and he named in it the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, and it so passed the Senate. When
that amendment came to the House, I went my-
self to the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and had the words " Commissioner
of Public Buildings " stricken out, and the words
" disbursing agent " inserted. And if the gen-
tleman will examine the record, he will see that
the" whole design of that was to put the disburse-
ment of the public funds under some other officer
than the architect, and clearly, from the language
of the amendment, it was to go into the hands of
a civil officer.
Now, the office of architect which was created
by the original clause authorizing the extension
of the Capitol, is not repealed by that amendment,
by no means, but that amendment simply created
an additional office, namely, that of a disbursing
agent. Now, under the authority conferred by
that amendment, I have always contended it
was an usurpation of power to supplant the archi-
tect by appointing a military officer over him,
clothed with power not only to control all the de-
signs of the architect, and to alter and change the
plans for the erection of the building, but to re-
move an officer who was appointed by the Presi-
dent, and whose office was created by law. If
the gentleman will look at the instructions of the
Secretary of War to the engineer officer at the
Capitol, he will find that he has authority to dis-
miss every person on that building, and to change
the management of it whenever he pleases. Now,
under that clause, such authority was never con-
templated to be conferred upon him, and no man
who will take the pains to examine it, and does
so without prejudice, can fail to concur with me.
Here is the clause, word for word as it stands upon
the statute-book:
"For the extension of the United States Capitol, S400.000:
Provided, That so much of former appropriations for the
extension of the Capitol as remains unexpended, and the
appropriation now made, or which nmy he hereafter made
for that.object, shall be disbursed under such regulations
as ihe riebideni of the United States may prescribe * the
account"! for such disbursement to be audited and paid at
the treasury, in the same manner as the accounts of other
avtl Officers charged with the disbursement of the public
money. And said disbursing agent shall report to the Presi-
dent his disbursements and proceedings, m time to be pre-
sented to Congress at the commencement of each annual
session, and at any other tune when required."
Under such a provision, how can it be possible
that any man can be mistaken as to the kind of
officer contemplated ?
Mr. CRAIGE I must only say this: That the
gentleman from Kentucky comes to a different
conclusion, with regard to this matter, from that
which he formerly came to, according to the state-
ment which he made two years ago, from the
Committee on the Capitol extension, in relation
to the mode in which the approprations were
expended. I was not in Congress, however, at
wi T'i! ^ 110 such !i?ht as the gentleman
had. The committee over which I preside have
come to this conclusion by the law as written-
and by the true construction of that law they could
come to no other conclusion—to wit: that the work
was placed under the direction of the President of
