850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
President of the United States be prohibited from
employing an officer to superintend any public
work because he has been educated at a military
school? I think we have been legislating upon
this subject with very narrow views; and I am
very glad that a distinct, general bill has been in-
troduced by the gentleman from Kentucky, chang-
ing the superintendence of the national armories
from military to civil officers, because it will give
an opportunity to discuss the impolicy of the
chahge made at the last session, and open the
whole subject to reexamination, i do not believe
jn the doctrine of prohibiting the President from
-employing any man to superintend these works
who might have been educated at West Point, and
enjoyed the best advantages of education as a
practical engineer. I would allow him to select
the most competent men, without requiring or pro-
hibiting the selection either from the officers of the
Army, or from any other class or profession. I
make these remarks because it does seem to me
that it is quite time to make some demonstration
against the daily introduction of this political hum-
bug, and repudiate this demagogical idea that is
urged so unceasingly, that these gentlemen are
unfit for the duty of superintending these works.
X have no desire to discuss the matter further at
this time. I hope that the amendment will not
prevail.
Mr. FLORENCE. "With a view of saving the
public time I move that the committee rise. If
the motion is agreed to, I will then move that de-
bate be closed in five minutes after the committee
shall have resumed its session.
Several Members. Vote on the amendment
first.
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well; Iwithdrawthe
motion.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the committee
rise.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanton's
amendment; and the Chair announced that it was
rejected.
Mr. WHEELER. I called for a division.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not hear
the gentleman.
Mr. WHEELER. Then it was because the
Chair did not want to hear me, for I called for a
division distinctly.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. VANSAN'l'. I call for tellers upon that
amendment.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that the
committee do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I withdraw
the amendment for the purpose of preventing the
breaking up of the committee.
The question recurring upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Keitt, it was put; and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. KEITT. I move that the committee do
now rise.
[Cries of " No!" "No!"]
Mr. KEITT. I withdraw it.
Mr. SOLLERS. And I renew it.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman of the
"committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, according to
•rder, had had the state of the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
(No. 589) making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1856, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
increase of compensation.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take up from the Speaker's
table Senate bill (No. 516) to increase the com-
pensation of the registers and receivers of the
land offices. No gentleman in the House will
object to it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is not a
" sufficient number of members here to take up and
dispose of a bill.
Mr. SKELTON. I object to taking it up.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that all
debate in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union upon the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill be terminated in five minutes after
the consideration of the same shall have been
resumed in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr, CAMPBELL. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw that motion to allow me to ask
a small favor of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to state to the
House that, at the last session of Congress, I
reported, from the committee of which I am a
member, a bill for the establishment of a mail line
between California and China. Since that time
the bill has passed the Senate, and it may come
up for consideration in the House. I wish to
print an argument upon that subject to lay upon
the table of members. I ask the permission of
the House to do so.
The request was granted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is not my motion
to terminate debate now before the House .'
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. JONES. I call the previous question upon
it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. HENN. I request the gentleman from
Ohio to allow me first to present certain joint res-
olutions and memorials of the Legislature of
Iowa, that they may be printed?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, I withdraw it.
resolutions op iowa legislature.
Mr. HENN thereupon, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following memorials and joint res-
olutions of the Legislative Assembly of Iowa;
which were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed, viz:
Memorial asking for the repeal of duties on su-
gar and molasses.
Memorial and joint resolution asking for the
establishment of a garrison at or near the mouth
of the Big Sioux river, in Iowa.
Preamble and resolution asking for pay of the
militia called out by the United States marshal, to
repel a supposed armed invasion of Iowa Terri-
tory, before the boundary line between Missouri
and said Territory was defined.
Joint resolution asking for the establishment of
a mail route from Independence, via Camp Creek
and Nautrill, to Janesville.
Joint resolution asking for the establishment of
a post route from Bear Grove, Ballard Bridge,
Indian Creek, and Wooster, to Council Bluffs.
Preamble and joint resolution asking for the
establishment of a line of steamers to trade regu-
larly between the coast of Africa and the United
States.
Memorial and joint resolution asking for the
construction of a railroad from the States border-
ing upon the Mississippi river, via Platte valley
and South pass, to the Pacific ocean.
Joint resolution concerning the protection of
settlers and emigrants between the Mississippi
valley and the Pacific ocean, including the estab-
lishment of postal and telegraphic correspondence
across the American continent.
richard s. coxe.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
; reported a bill for the relief Richard S. Coxe,
| trustee of the Union Land Company; which was
i read a first and second time by its title, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, made the
order of the day for to-morrow, and ordered to
be printed.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion by Mr. FULLER, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
of the Hou^e the papers in the case of ibe application of
Jenness, Chase & Co., for the purpose of being presented
at the Treasury Depamnent.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly, at three o'clock and fifty-five minutes,
adjourned until to-morrow at eleven o'clock, a.m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 21, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
executive communication. ' - •
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, information and correspondence in relation
to the original establishment of Fort Leavenworth
as a military post, the cause of the reduction of
the reserve attached thereto, and the order of the
commandant of that post respecting emigration to
the Territory of Kansas; which was ordered to lie
on the table and be printed.
appropriation bills.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, it is getting
late in the session, and I am constrained to appeal
to the Senate to take up the pension appropriation
bill. 1 think we can dispose of it in the morning
hour to-day, and I believe we ought to do some
work on each of the appropriation bills every day
from this time out.
Several Senators. Wait until one o'clock.
Mr. HUNTER. If I wait until one o'clock I
know the appropriation bill will be put aside for
the railroad iron bill, and, therefore, I ask the
Senate now to suspend the prior orders for-the
purpose of taking up the pension appropriation
bill.
Mr. PETTIT. I object to that. Let us make
reports.
Mr. WELLER. If there be no objection, I
should like to have the Senate now determine the
question whether they will not hereafter meet at
eleven o'clock. It is apparent that the public busi-
ness will be delayed and very much endangered if
we do not meet at an earlier hour than we do. I
ask, therefore, that the order fixing eleven o'clock,
as the hour of meeting may be taken up.
Mr. BADGER. That is right.
The PRESIDENT. The first question is on
the motion of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. WELLER. I trust the Senator will give
way to allow my resolution to be acted upon.
Mr. HUNTER. If I give up the floor now, I
may not get it again; but the other question can
be decided after one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. ADAMS. On that morion 1 wish to say
that I am in the habit of following the Senator
from Virginia, but in this case I am not disposed
to vote with him. The morning hour is devoted
to the complaints of the citizens of the country,
and I cannot consent to deprive them of that, op-
portunity of presenting their claims, their petitions,
and their remonstrances to the Senate. I think it
would be wrong, under existing circumstances,-
to take that hour from them. We have ample
time to act upon the appropriation bills which
have been sent to us by the House of Represent-
atives, and I therefore feel it to be my duty to
vote against the motion of the Senator from Vir-
ginia.
Mr. HUNTER. I withdraw the motion, as I
see time will be consumed in debating it.
message from the house.
A message from the House or Representatives,
by Mr. mckean, Chief Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill«' to amend an act en-
titled ' An act to graduate and reduce the price of
public lands to actual settlers and cultivators.' "
h^ur of meeting.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the following reso-
lution, which was submitted by him some days
ago, and then ordered to lie on the table:
Ordered, That from and after to-morrow the daily hour of
meeting of the Senate shall be eleven o'clock, a. m.
_ Mr. BAYARD. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out " to-morrow," and inserting-
"Monday next."
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senator from Cal-
ifornia will agree to that amendment, and simply
for this reason: I suppose the experience of every
gentleman will corroborate mine, that upon the
meeting of the committees it is next to impossible
to get gentlemen together before eleven o'clock;
and between this and Monday next it will be very
