1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
essential to have several committee meetings of
the various committees of the Senate.
Mr. BADGER. Let me say to the Senator
from Michigan that so long as the Senate meets
at twelve o'clock, he can never get committees
together befoie eleven; but if the Senate meet at
eleven, he will find it as easy to get them together
at ten. That is my experience.
Mr. WELLER. I apprehend there is very
little business remaining: to be transacted by the
committees. Nearly all the standing committees
have closed their business, and it will be utterly
impossible to obtain the action of the Senate, at
this Jate day of the session, on any bills which
may now be reported by those committees.
Mr. CLAYTON. I have only to say to my
friend from North Carolina, that so long as the
Senate meet at eleven o'clock, the committees will
not meet at all. The time will be so short that
they cannot transact the business. I am for delay-
ing the change of the hour of meeting until Mon-
day at all events.
The amendment of Mr. Bayard was rejected,
and the resolution was agreed to.
naturalization laws.
Mr. ALLEN presented resolutions of the Gen-
eral Assembly of the State of Rhode Island, in
favor of the enactment of a law to prohibit the
introduction into the United States of foreign pau-
pers and criminals, and such an amendment of
the naturalization laws as will require a residence
of twenty-one years to acquire the right of citi-
zenship, and all oaths and processes to be taken
and had before the judges of the circuit and
district courts of the United States; which were
ordered to he on the table, and be printed.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the bill of the House for the
relief of John R. Bowes, agent in charge of the
property of the United States at Michigan City,
in the State of Indiana, and of Isaac S. Smith, of
the city of Buffalo, New York, reported it with
an amendment to strike out the section for the
relief of Isaac S. Smith.
the lobos islands.
Mr. CLAYTON submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested, ifcompatible
with the public interest, to communicate to the Senate a
copy of the letter of the minister of Peru, Joakm J. do
Osma, to the Secretary of Stale of the United tiutesi, dated
November 17, 185*2, containing propositions lor ihe settle-
ment of the controversy in regard to the Lobos Islands.
marine hospital in north carolina.
Mr. BADGER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of establishing a marine hos-
pital m or near Wilmington, North Carolina.
private bill day.
Mr. BADGER. I laid upon the table, last
week, a resolution rescinding the order fixing the
Fridays of this session for the consideration of
private bills. I allowed it to remain without being
acted on, because several gentlemen thought wc
ought to have last Friday. I think it must be
obvious to every Senator, now, that we cannot
persevere with that order without hazarding im-
portant public business. I hope the Senate will
take it up and agree to it.
Mr. PETT1T and Mr. SHIELDS. I hope
not.
Mr. HUNTER. Allow me to say to the Sen-
ate, that but one of the appropriation bills has
become a law, and that is the bill making appro-
priations for the military academy. All the rest
are behind. It is, therefore, indispensable to de-
vote every day now to public business.
Mr. WALKER. From the manner in which
we have proceeded with private bills on the last
two private bill days, it is evident that it will not
take long to get through with the Private Calendar;
and there will be extreme dissatisfaction, I know,
among many meritorious claimants whose cases
are before Congress, if we shall cut off the last
opportunity which they have for the consideration
of their business. For one, I hope we shall occupy
the ensuing Friday in the consideration of private
bills. I am confident that we can then go through
with the Calendar, and dispose of a great deal of.
business to which there is no objection; and* we
shall thus afford very great satisfaction to many-
persons who have honest private claims.
Mr. SHIELDS. I agree in the hope which
has just been expressed by the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin. On the Ftiday before last we
did more business, when our action was limited
to private bills, than for three weeks before, and I
think that on the next Friday we can dispose of all
the private claims before us, if that day be allowed
for their consideration.
Mr. PETTiT. 1 am certainly very much
opposed to the taking up or the passage of this
resolution. There are important interests, and
important questions arising here in behalf of indi-
viduals, to which we ought to attend. One day
in the week is none too much to set apart for that
purpose. While i am on the iloor, 1 wish to call
the attention of Senators to a report which has
been laid on their tables this morning, in regard to
an important bill, which I reported a few days
ago from the Committee on Private Land Claims.
The bill is one for the relief of Robert Graham,
and is No. GGS, and the report is No. 522. The
report is somewhat lengthy, and I ask Sena-
tors to take it home with them, to read it, and to
be prepared to vote on it when the bill shall be
called up. It is one of some importance, and one
that I desire to have disposed of. There is no
necessity for any discussion of it, as the Senate
can learn the whole facts from the report.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to say to the Senator,
if he will allow me, before he takes his seat, that
1 think that is rather an unreasonable request to
ask us to read a long report. I will hear him
with a great deal of pleasure, if he will state what
the substance of it is.
The PRESIDENT. It would not be in order
now.
Mr. PETTIT. As the Chair hag stated, it is
not m order, and T shall not do it; but I ask the
Senator to take the pains and trouble for himself
to read that report. He will find somegood read-
ing in it. [Laughter.]
Mr. GWIN. We have already passed a vast
number of bills for the relief of private claimants
during the present Congress; and every chairman
of a committee, and every member ol this body
who has reported private bills can,if he will avail
himself of the morning hour from now until the
end of the session, get his bills through. I trust,
therefore, we shall take up this resolution,and pass
it. { call for the yeas and nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS. J only wish to say as a reason
for my vote, that I do not think any private bill
which is now passed by this body, can possibly
be acted on in the other House.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 23, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, ttadger, Bayard, Benjamin,
Prodhead, Brown, Butler, Chase, Clay, Clayton, D.iw^on,
Evans, Fitzpatnck, Gvvin, ilamhri, Hunter, Mallory, Se-
bastian, rihdeil, Stuart, Thomson of .New Jersey, Toucey,
and Wc!U—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Hrainerd, Cooper, Fci^enden,
Font, Geyer, Gillette, James, Junes of Iowa, Jones of Ten- i;
ne*>*pe, Pearee, IVtnt, Pratt, HuMc, Seward, Shield-*. Sum- j ]
ner, Thompson oi Kentucky, Waue, Walker, Welier, and 11
Wiiaon—22. ]!
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate ji
proceeded to the consiueiation of the following ij
resolution, which was submitted by Mr. Badger |<
on the 14th instant: ji
Resolved, That the order setting apart every Friday for
the con&id-.ration of private business he, and the same is |
hereby, re.-cimh>d.
Mr. PRATT. This resolution seems to be put
upon the ground that there is particular business
of a public chaiacter which will require the whole
attention of the Senate for the rest of the session.
Now, sir, let me inquire of Senators, how have
we occupied the public time? Has it been as prof-
itably occupied as it would have been in the con-
sideration of private claims; in paying the just !
indebtedness of this Government to its citizens? j
How do we propose to dispose of Friday next? j
Why, sir, in the consideration and the discussion
of a bill for the purpose of giving, from the public
Treasury of this country, to corporations, the
public money.
A Senator. What bill?
Mr PRATT. I speak of the railroad iron du-
ties bill.
A Senator. It was discussed the other day*
Mr. PRATT. Yes* sir, antl it will be dis-
cussed to-day and on Friday. "The object of put-
ting off the payment to claimants who* have their
just demands upon the Government," Is to eii5t^fe
you to pass a bill, by which yotf will pay money
out of the Treasury, and put it into the pockets <?f
those overgrown corporations. -Disguise ft'lis
you will, Mr. President, this bill, which is, to
postpone all private bills, is nothing more toor less
than a proposition to advance so much money
from the Treasury of the country to those corpo-
rations. No one can deny that rfiat is precisely
its effect. Take the railroads in Alabama. They
have imported their iron a/ready on bond for
which they owe the Government $375,ppG. The
bill will authorize them to take out that ir6n with-
out payi.ig the duties on it. It gives them a
credit, without interest, of three years upon it.
You are then to postpone the publicjustice of the
country to its creditors for the purpose of enabling
the railroads of Alabama, and the railroads of
other States, to get out their iron without com-
pliance with the existing laws—without paying
the money which is due the Treasury, because
you propose to give them a credit of three years
upon what they owe.
1 appeal to the common justice of the Seriate
whether it is right or not? Yesterday was occu-
pied, Mr. President, in a very able discussion, I
admit, and one which, at another time, ! should
have listened to with great pleasure; but what
practical good can result from such discussions, I
cannot myself perceive; and we are asked to give
up all idea of the possibility of passing any further
private claims for the purpose of such a discus-
sion, and for the purpose of passing such bills aa
these. I do not look upon this as being just or
proper.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator from Maryland is
striking in the dark. This resolution did not ori-
ginate with those who are advocating the taking
up of the bill to which be alludes.
Mr. PRATT. I did not say it did.
Mr. CLAY. Then his remarks have been a
most wanton and unnecessary attack upon a
measure that does not conflict with his viewsupon
the propriety of taking up bills for private indi-
viduals. It was for the purpose of considering
the appropriation bills that this resolution was
taken up. That was the suggestion which in-
duced the introduction of the resolution.
I shall not pause to answer the remarks which
the Senator has made in respect to the interest of
railroads. I will endeavor to do that when it is
a legitimate subject of discussion; but I say, if the
Senate are sincere in the purpose of doing the
most good they can for private claimants, th*y
had better agree to this resolution; for there are
two bills which have been reported by the Com-
mittee on Pensions which would, if passed, affdrd
relief to hundreds—yea, sir, perhaps to thousands
—who are importuning that relief by individual
memorials to Congress. Here, day after day, we
are importuned by the friends of those who are
applicants to take up their private bills and con-
sider them; but if the Senate had done as I have
besoughtthem repeatedly to do—if they had taken
up the general bills which have been reported by
that committee—we could have dispensed with all
these individual cases, and relieved the Senate
from a great deal of unnecessary legislation. It
is for the interest of private claimants, no less
than for the public interest, that I advocate the
adoption of the resolution of the Senator from
North Carolina; and I now state, that if it is not
adopted, I shall oppose, so far as I can, the intro-
duction of any measure for the relief of any indi-
vidual claimant whose interests may be promoted
by the general bills.
Mr. PRATT. I have no doubt that the Senator
would be precisely pursuing the course by oppos-
ing the passage of any bill for the payment of the
private creditors of the Government, which he is
pursuing, by refusing to take up on the day indi-
cated by the Senate, these private measures for
consideration. Why, sir, if this resolution should
pass, you know that no private bill will be taken
up, or considered, this session. That is known
to every one.
The Senator says that my attack on his railroads
is wanton. Of that I am to be the judge. How
is it wanton? He says the resolution was not
introduced at his instance. ! did not say it was.
There are other Senators upon the floor besides the
