854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
acknowledged to be due. Then the sum which
we pay over that, which is indisputably due, and
which we should have to pay in order to liquidate
these bonds now at a premium, 18 about one and
a quarter millions of dollars. For that sum we
get rid of the claim of Texas to which I have
before alluded, which in itself must be considered
father a formidable thing; for whatever gentlemen
may think of the validity of the claim, it is not
to be disguised that, beinga State claim, it is likely
to be continually pressed, and at some time or
other pressed with effect.
We get rid of the claim, then, of $3,800,000 by
the payment of $1,250,00U,and redeem ourselves
of an obligation which a great many gentlemen
deem binding and imperative to satisfy, at least
such creditors of the Republic of Texas as hold
bonds secured by a pledge of their revenues,
Which includes their revenues from customs.
Sir, it seems to me that when we consider these (
facts, and remember, furthrr, that if we do not
now settle this claim, the $5,000,000 reserved in
the Treasury will not bo issued, and interest will
continue to accrue on them, until probably they
arrive at maturity, when they will amount to
§8,500,000. We are really gainers by the trans-
action. At all events, considering what the legis-
lation of ihe Senate has been, and that the propo-
sition, as it comes to us from the House, is an
advantage to the United States in so much as 1 have
mentioned, 1 hardly think the Senate will hesitate
to adopt the recommendations of the committee of
conference.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, it is not my
purpose to reopen the argument of this question.
When the bill was originally passed by the Senate,
I expressed my views, and I do not desire to add
to what I then said, especially as 1 suppose this
report isio be adopted. My sole purposein rising
originally, was to save myself from being con-
cluded, by the passage of this bill, into the admis-
sion that we were liable for this debt of Texas to
these creditors.
I know that various other considerations are
presented, for the purpose of reconciling Congress
to the passage of this bill. One is the claim of
Texas of $3,800,000. In regard to that, the Sen-
ator from Texas and myself differ. I do not
believe that claim is worth a cent; and 1 think,
■when it comes to be examined, it will be found to
be worth nothing. Another is, that we are buy-
ing peace—that we shall get rid of these demands
liereafier. Why, sir, we are compounding a debt;
and how do we know lhat the debtors will not
come to us hereafter ? It was supposed, when the
boundary act was passed, that £5,000,000 would
pay them. How can we expect they will be satis-
fied until they get paid in full?
Another consideration which is urged is, that
there is some mistake in regard to the premium.
Why, sir, all that I saidwat—I did not pretend
to enter into the arithmetical calculation-—that 1
was willing to give the principal, interest, and a
fair premium. But I presume the question is set-
tled, and the sole object I had in rising was to say
that I should not vote for ihe report, because I
believe that, to the extent of the diSerence between
the sum which I have mentioned and that which
is proposed to be appropriated here, we are ad-
mitting our liability for the debts of Texas, and I
am afraid it will carry ug further than this bill pro-
poses to do.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, I do not con-
cur at all ii the view of my friend from Virginia.
-I do not think that, by this bill as it passed the
Senate, or by the bill as it is now proposed to be
amended, we admit the liability of this Govern-
ment for the debt of Texas to her creditors. We
admit by the bill, as it is now proposed to be
amended, only the debt of five millions which we
owe, with interest running through a series of
years, which we expressly stipulated in the bound
nry act. If this were a case between individuals,
there is no court of law or of equity in ihe coun-
'try which would discharge the party owing the
debt without paying ihe principal and the interest.
-If it became the object of the debtor to pay the
debt, and he should 'resort to any legal or equita-
ble process, it would not be in his power to get rid
of that debt without paying the principal and in-
•teregt,. running through the whole number of
years, to the moment when the last sum became
du#} andif he would get rid of it at ihe present
time, he would be bound to tender, not only the
principal, but the interest, in advance. He is not
obliged to do it, nor is the creditor obliged to ac-
cept^, upon a tender of anything less than the
whole amount. For this reason, when the Senate
passtd the bill appropriating the whole sum, prin-
cipal and interest, the Senate did no more than
what courts of law and courts of equity would
compel the debtor to do, provided the creditor did
not make a new arrangement by voluntarily ac-
cepting a part in advance.
Now, sir, what are we contending for.'- If the
State of Texas refuses to receive this money in
advance, what must this Government pay? It
must pay the sum of $8,500,000, which would be
the principal and interest up to ihe time when the
several respective sums become due. Nothing less
could be |>aid. Now, what do we do? What are
we contending for? We have the money in the
Treasury. Are we obliged to keep the gold and
sliver locked up in the Treasury, in order to pay
it when the money becomes due? We may do
so if we please, but shall we do it' What do we
gair, by u?
The bill, as it stands,presents several consider-
ations. In the first place, we get rid of the claim
of $3,800,000 which is made by the State of
Texas; that State will voluntarily relinquish that
claim. Again, we get rid of the claim—be it worth
something or be it worth nothing—which the
cieditois of Tixas are actually making upon this
Government for some $5,000,000 more than the
sum which is now appropriated. I agree with my
friend from Virginia, that, tliat claim is baseless,
in my judgment. I do not concede, for a moment,
that, by admitting Texas into the Union as a
sovereign and independent State under this Con-
federacy, we became liable for the debts of that
State. I do not believe that any state of facts
exist which would subject us to any liability for
those debts beyond our express agieement to pay
the $5,000,000 ai.d the interest, running through
a senes ol years. But yet, while I think that claim
is without foundation, surely no one can suppose
that it becomes any more valid because the parties
voluntarily relinquish it, and superadd to the se-
curity which we have on the ground that it is not
due, a voluntary undertaking on their part never
to present any such claim to Congress.
I say, therefore, sir, that, if this bill pass, we
admit no liability to Texas beyond the §5,000,000
and interest. We admit ro liability to the creditors
of Texas. We pay the money now which other-
wise we must keep on hand, and by doing so we
get rid of those claims on the Government in a
manner as secure as it i^ possible for Congress to
provide. I know, sir, that it is our duty to guard
against future claims, and after all we have done
they may be presented to Congress; but yet, I
hold it to be our imperative duty, when they are
presented to us, to go to the utmost, extent to
which we are bound to go, in order to cancel those
claims, and to prevent again a recurrence of any
part ot them,
Mr. CHASE. I do not propose to reopen this
debate. On a former occasion l expressed my
own convictions on the subject clearly though but
briefly, and I rise now for the purpose of saying,
simply, that I see nothing in the present proposi-
tion which recommends it to favor beyond the
former proposition which was before the Senate.
The whole d.(Terence is between the paying of
§7,750 000 and §8,500,000. The principle of the
bill is the same now as it was then, and the same
argument which compelled me to withhold my
vote from it then, will constrain me to withhold
my vote from it now.
Argue it as we may, and put it as we may, it is
paying the debts ofTexas provided for by the so-
called compromise acts of 1850, m full, with in-
terest and premium, and adding to that §1,250,000
in payment of a claim which has never been pre-
sented to the Senate, but which is held by one of
the Senators from Texas, as I understand, ready,
to be presented. We are paying §1,250,000 for a
claim which has never been presented to this body,
never been examined by any committee, never
passed upon at all. Now, it seems to me, the
true course would be to pay Texas the whole
amount required by the act of 1850, with interest
and premium, also—I go the full extent—and then
let the State of Texas, like every other creditor,
present her claim and have it adjusted by the de-
liberate action of Congress. I do not propose
to say anything futther at this tuns.. My main
object, however, was to say that I have paired off,
on this question, with the honorable Senattr from
Texas, who is now absent from the city, [Mr.
Houston ]
Mr. S rUART. Having been one of the mem-
bers of this committee of conference I only wish to
say a few words in addition to what has been said
by the honorable Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Pr.ARCF.,] and the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Toucey,] and I shall not restate
what they said so well. £ wish simply to add that,
to my judgment, the House amendment will release
the United States from all claims of whatever char-
acter that Texas may have, or majr think she has,
against them, is an amendment highly beneficial
in its character; one that commended itself very
strongly to my favor, and one which, I may be
permitted to add, will, 1 think, be worth at least
$4,000,000 or $5,000,000 in she end.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not wish to protract this
debate, but I desire to ask the Senator from Mich-
igan a question, if he will allow me to do so.
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. HUNTER. Does not this sum of money
cover a portion of the very bonds issued by Texas,
in order to pay for those Indian depredations?
Are we not paying that very debt now ?
Mr. STUART Undoubtedly that is true; but
it is just as true that the fact that Texas herself
has paid for some of these Indian depredations,
does not at all release us from the liability to pay
them, if we are liable at all; but, on the contrary,
strengthens it. I was only going to add, that this
bill is a receipt in full to all the parties. It requires
a perfect release on the part of Texas of all claims
against the United States, it requires that the
creditors shall release the United States, and re-
lease Texas, so that ihere can be no plausible pre-
text hereafter for any claim growing out of this
transaction. Now, I am willing to believe, and
state to the Senate that I do believe, that even if
honorable Senators are correct in saying that these
claims ofTexas could never be made £ood against
the United States, it would costths United States,
in legislative expenses, to resist them, three times
as much money as this bill proposes to pay for
them. So that, in any point of view in which this
subject may be regarded, the report commends
itself to my judgment as the best jbargain the
United States will ever be able to make.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I wish to
say a few words upon this subject, but not with
the idea that anything I can say will affect the
vote of any member of the Senate. Ordinarily
I should be desirous and very willing, and should
esteem it to be a duty, to vote in favorof agreeing
to the unanimous report of a committee of con-
ference; but, sir, understanding what are the prin-
ciples on which this report is founded, and not
being satisfied to vote for it, I wish to give a few
reasons for my course.
I do not believe, in the first place, that we ought
ever to have given Texasanything; but that being
out of the question, as we have agreed to do so,
I do not recognize, and never have recognized, the
slightest obligation on the part of this Government
to pay anything to the creditors of Texas. Nor
do I accede, in any case, to the correctness of the
argument that a Government or an individual, and
especially a Government, should pay money which
it does not admit to be due, for fear it may be
called upon afterwards to pay a still larger amount.
I think we ought not to act on that principle, so
far as it is presented as an argument in this case.
I do not believe that this Government was ever
bound to pay the creditors of Texas, and, therefore,
I do not admit the force of any argument advanced
to show that we had better do it to a certain degree
at the present time, because we may be called upon
hereafter to pay more.
The argument has been adduced here more than
once, and particularly on this occasion, that if we
do not pay now, although we may not be obliged
to pay hereafter, yet we may really lose as much
in the consumption of time and in legislative ex-
pense. Weil, sir, that is to bo expected; Govern-
ment is always obliged to resist claims. Govern-
ment is instituted for the purpose of doing justice
to its creditors, as well as fbr other purposes; but
it must examine the claims of its creditors, and it
is no correct principle of legislation to say that
because we may spend time and money in resist-
ing an improper and unrighteous claim against us,
it is thsrefore best to pay a large sum of money in
