1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tm
did not mean to intimate that the discussion was
irregular, bat merely to call the attention of the
Senate to the question.
Mr. BAYARD. The answer that I should
give in reference to that is this: the Secretary of
the Treasury being an officer of a higher grade,
remote from local influences, it is more probable
that there would be uniformity in his decisions,
and less liability to error than on the part of these
persons. It will not require a personal knowledge
of the security to enable him to judge. He may
acquire the knowledge in a variety of ways. He'
is removed from any influence which would be
likely to embarrass him in his judgment based
upon the facts on which a sufficient security is
tendered. It seems to me he is the proper officer
to whom it should be committed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on reconsidering the amendment which was
made on the motion of the Senator from Alabama,
to insert after the word "customs," the words
" or surveyor at the port of delivery."
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. PRATT. 1 wish to say one word in ref-
erence to tlie reconsideration of this question.
The only argument I have heard advanced against
it is, that it would be inconvenient to those com-
panies to send on here for the purpose of having
their bonds approved whenever it shall be neces-
sary f.ir them to withdraw from bond the iron
required for immediate use. I may misunderstand
the bill, sir, but if I appreciate its provisions, a
railroad company will derive no advantage by
taking the iron out of bond, as required for the
road, at the very time it is required, and only as
it is required; because they pay no interest upon
the bond which thpy have to give with the security
proposed to be required by the amendment of my
colleague; and, therefore, sir, if a railroad com-
pany has imported enough iron to make the whole
road, there would be no reason or necessity for
waiting until the iron was required for this much
of the road, and that much, before they take it out
of bond. The course, 1 apprehend, would be for
the company to give the bonds at once to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury for the whole amount of
iron imported for the use of the road. No disad-
vantage would result to them by pursuing that
course, because, paying no interest upon the bonds,
they would hardly send here every week or two,
as they might want the iron, when they could
take it out of bond and give their security for the
whole at once. It does seem to me,unless 1 mis-
apprehend the bill 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My honorable
friend does not only misapprehend the bill, but the
whole working operation of a railroad company,
as I understand it. How does this matter work?
You import your iron; do you get it all at once?
Do you make all your purchases at once? Not
at all. You make your purchases deliverable at
certain periods. One shipment of iron comes to
Charleston to be delivered at Chattanooga. That
iron is brought up by railroad, and comes in small
detached portions. Another portion is landed
at New Orleans; that comes in small detached
portions to Memphis. A third portion is landed
at New Orleans, and comes to Tuscutnbia m de-
tached portions. The company could not give
their bonds for the whole amount of the iron, be-
cause it is not there. They receive it by install-
ments, and take it out by installments. That is the
whole process, as every railroad man in the Sen-
ate knows. But, according to the argument of the
honorable Senator from Maryland, you would
require a company having a thousand tons of
iron coming in detached portions through a series
of six months, to bind themselves to pay the
duties on them when, perhaps, they will never be
received. There is the great mistake. We take
our iron just as we use it, and it is delivered just
as we want it. We buy ten thousand tons, one
thousand to be delivered this month, another thou-
sand the next month, and another the next, and
so on; and yet, according to the Senator's argu-
ment, we should have to give bonds to pay the
duty on the wholeof the iron, when it may never
enter the port at all, when it may be swallowed
in the ocean and lost forever.
Mr. PRATT. It is the Senator who misap-
prehends my argument 
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator will suspend his
remarks for a moment, I think I shall show a mu-
tual misapprehension on the part of himself and
the Senator from Tennessee. 1 think the Senator
from Tennessee misapprehends the argument of
the Senator from Maryland, but the Senator from
Maryland, also, misapprehends the bnl. The bill
provides that a credit of three years shall be given
on alt railroad iron from the tune it is taken from
the custom-house. It provides further that this
credit Shall extend only to such iron as shall be
received within two years. Therefore, it is man-
ifest that the companies, within those two years,
will have the credit from the time they take the
iron out of the custom-house, for three years
thereafter. Now, the Senator from Maryland
argues as if we were to allow but one uniform
period of three years from thedate of the passage
of this bill as a credit for the duties on the iron
which may be imported. Therein 1 think he is
mistaken. The credit extends for three years from
the time the iron is taken out of the custom-house,
and the companies are allowed two years within
which they may import and remove this iron.
Therefore, I think, his argument is founded on a
misapprehension of the true character of the bill.
Mr. COOPER. It seems to me no inconven-
ience whatever can arise from adopting the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Maryland.
Iron is shipped to the United States, is placed in
the warehouses of the Government, and remains
in bond. When the company wishes to use it,
no matter where their location is, the bonds that
the amendment proposes shall be given to secure
the Government, may be executed anywhere and
sent on hereto the Secretary of the Treasury with
such testimony as to the responsibility of the par-
ties to the bonds ss will satisfy him. There is,
therefore, no inconvenience whatever in providing
the security for the Government which it pro-
poses. It seems to me that the Senator from
Tennessee, and the Senator from Alabama ought
not to object to this. Neither of them, I believe,
wishes that the Government should be defrauded
through the instrumentality of the companies.
Then, if there is no more inconvenience to the
companies m providing security in this form than
in any other, why not permit the amendment to
prevail ? It seems to me that its operation has
been misconceived by them.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I dtd intend to give a silent
vote in favor of this bill; but really it appears to
me that the Senators who oppose the passage of
this relief to railroad companies are going further
than ordinary parliamentary tactics warrant. The
attack made on the bill at present is this: That
the bonds ought to be given to the satisfaction of
the Secretary of the Treasury; and ingenious and
far-fetched arguments are used to show us that the
Secretary of the Treasury is a much safer officer
than the collectors ofcustomsat the different ports.
Now, Mr. President, it is within your recollection,
and within the recollection of every Senator on
this floor, that the time has not long passed, since
the entire revenue of this Government was col-
lected by bonds given by the merchants in the
ports of the country; and that those bonds were
invariably given to the satisfaction of the collectors
of the port. Why, then, when for a short space
of time, a relief to the railroad interest of the south-
west is sought by a short credit on the payment
of their duties, why, for this small fraction of the
general revenue of the Government, cannot we
trust the same officers as formerly we had trusted
to their discretion and prudence the entire revenue
of the United States as gathered in at the custom-
houses ? I think that Senators cannot seriously
mean that tnis objection should be made to the
collectors at the various ports judging of the suf-
ficiency of the bonds. When the revenues were
collected on that system, and when the responsi-
bility of the parties to the bonds was decided by
the officers of the customs at the different ports,
we know, as a matter of history, that the revenue
of the Government was collected with scarcely a
loss. Such a thing as a loss upon a bond at the
custom-house is hardly ever heard of; and why
should it be heard of in the short space of two
years, when bonds are given by companies with
' large capital, and securities to the satisfaction of
I the officers of the revenue at the ports ?
| Mr. BRODHEAD. I rise to correct one error
j of my friend from Louisiana. I understand him to
j say that the amendments offered and the speeches
j made upon them go beyond the usual parliamentary
! tactics. Now, sir, I do not think that the facts war-
rant any remark of that kihdj especially when the*
friends of the bill, and the opponents of so slight
an amendment as this, have spoken twice to the:
opponents of the bill once. If I recollect aright,)
my friend from Alabama [Mr. Clay] has spoken-
twice, my friend from Tennessee [Mr. Jontss}-
twice, and the honorable Senator from Louisiana
himself, once. 1 think that the friends of the bill
have had a full share of the debate.
Mr. COOPER. I think-the suggestions of my
colleague very well timed. I hardly anticipated.'
from the Senator from Louisiana such a remark
as fell from hi>. ; for 1 have seen nothing in the
conduct of the opponents of this measure to war-
rant the charge that they have gone beyond what:
a pirliamentary opposition warrants. I ihirik, sir,
if they did go as far as his remarks suggested?
that they might find some excuse in the fact that?
a particular interest is demanding relief which is
not asked for by the country generally, although,
there are other interests which call for relief,
which require it, and which are as much entitled*
to it as the railroad interest.
The Senator from Louisiana tells us that some
years ago it was " the custom of the country to
receive bonds for all duties, and thai the whole
revenue was collected by bonds or through thefr
instrumentality." Why, sir, was that system
changed? There was some reason for it; and if I
remember aright, it was the want of security under
that system which produced the change. Il was
considered safer to adopt the system that now"
exists; and 1 surely think there can be no objec-
tion, on the score of inconvenience, when the
operation of the amendment is properly under*
stood. It will produce no inconvenienee whatever.
As I have already said, iron is shipped, it is placed
in the warehouses, and bonds are given to the
Government, to the satisfaction, now, I believe,
of the collector of the port. But it is proposed
to require security that they shall pay the duties
at the end of the time to which this credit pro-
posed by the bill extends. The Government
wants some security for their payment, and this
is the only mode of giving the security which is
contemplated. I say there is no inconvenience
wh&teverto rcsultfrom it. The railroad company
can execute its bond at its own office, the securi-
ties can add their signatures to the bonds at the
same place, and the bonds will be transmitted here
with such testimony as to the solvency of the
sureties, as the railroad company may deem neces-
sary to insure the acceptance of the bond. Is
there any inconvenience in that? Is there any
greater inconvenience in it than in the execution
of the bonds by the surveyor or by the collector.
I believe the surveyor is proposed by the amend-
ment of my friend from Alabama.
As there would be no inconvenience whatever,
why do Senators object? Ic would lead us to sup-
pose that these companies are insolvent, and that
there is really danger that they are not able to give
the security demanded. The effect it has on me
is to make me insist more strongly on this kind of
security, than I should have done, if I had not
seen the opposition.
Mr. PEARCE. I desire to say to the Senate,
that if they will allow the call for the yeas and
nays to be withdrawn, and also the motion to re-
consider which I have made, I will ihen move an
amendment which will bring us directly to the
question which 1 propose to submit, and that will
be to strike out of the first seclion all after the
wotd " same," and insert " with such surety or
sureties as in the opinion of the Secretary of the
Treasury shall be amply sufficient." If the Senate
think the collector of the customs a better depos-
itary of this power, then they may strike out
" Secretary of the Treasury," and insert " col-
lector of the customs," and we shall have the
question ad]usted without any difficulty.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ate give leave to the Senator from Maryland to
withdraw his motion to reconsider ?
There was no objection, and leave was granted4.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maryland now moves to strike out all after
word "same," and insert what will be read.
Mr. WELLER. Do I understand the Senator
from Maryland to move an amendment that these
bonds shall be approved by the Secretary of the
Treasury ? I apprehend that a large quantity of
iron will be imported into the city of San Fran-
cisco, and do you. propose to require, before w*
