THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
can avail ourselves of the benefit of the law, that
we shall send an agent here, requiring a whole
month's travel, before we can obtain the iron ? It
seems to me, Mr. President, that it would be very
unjust to adopt a provision of that sort. The
collector at San Francisco is a much better judge
of the competency of the individual securities than
the Secretary of the Treasury would be. Besides,
there is the objection in regard to the delay which
must necessarily be produced in consequence of
our distance from this city.
Mr. CLAY. I call for the reading of the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is to strike out the words:
"And in the event the collpctorof the customs, orthe sur-
veyor of the port of delivery where the iron may be, shall
not be satisfied of the entire solvency of the company thus
applying for lht< extension, lie may r<;<|uiro such security,
personal or otherwise, as, in his judgment, will indemnify
the United Slates against loss."
—and insert:
With sufh surety or sureties as, in the opinion of the
Secretary ol'ihe Treasury, shall lie amply sufficient.
So that the first section of the bill would read:
That the Secretary of ilie Treasury bo and he Is hereby
authorized and directed to extend the time ofpajmcutofall
duties (.-xcept only the amount due in IVes to custom Ik>iisg
officers) on nil iron rails, spikes, liolts, f.lst ninss, or oilier
iron necessary for the construction of railroads, for the
term of lime years from the tune lhat such iron may be
received from the custom-house: Provided, That before
the delivery of said iron rails, spikes, bolts, fastenings, or
other iron, the pavment of the dunes thus suspended shall
be secured by the hoods of the company applying lor the
same, with such surely or sureties as, 111 ilio opinion of
the Secretary of the Treasury, shall be amply sufficient.
Mr. CLAY. The Senate will perceive that that
amendment has substantially the same effect as the
Senator from Maryland proposed to accomplish
by his amendment, which was, on my motion,
reconsidered. it brings us back to the same
question; that is, whether we shall transfer, from
the collectors of the customs and the surveyors
of the ports of delivery, to the Secretary of the
Treasury, the decision of the question, whether
the bonds be good or bad. The Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cooper.] again and again re-
peats, that it will not subject the company to any
inconvenience whatever. I am amazed to hear
him repeat this, and certainly he will not continue
to hold that opinion after what he has heard from
the Senator from California. I ask him now, in
all candor, to state whether he thinks it would
subject n company in California to no inconveni-
ence to send to the Secretary of the Treasury the
bond executed at San Francisco for his approval,
before they could withdraw their iron from the
custom house? He certainly will not maintain
that this wou'd be no inconvenience?
Let me suggest to him another view of this sub-
ject. When are these bonds to bear date? As-
suredly from the time the iron is withdrawn from
the custom-house, because they have three years
to run. Suppose the amendment of the Senator
from Maryland beadopted,and then suppose that
to-day, in Alabama, a company desire five thou-
sand tons of iron to lay down. They execute a
bond bearing date on the day of its execution, and
send it to the Secretary of the Treasury. It may
be a month, it may be months, before he decides
upon it. Hence the company will be bound to
pay for the iron one or two months, or, perhaps,
longer, in advance of the time at which they would
be bound to pay, if the bond bore date at the time
of the delivery of the iron, or its withdrawal from
the custom-house. It is very manifest that here
would be an inconvenience.
Mr. COOPER. Mr President, I perhaps went
too far when I said there would be no inconven-
ience to these companies in giving the required
security. I suspect, very strongly, some of them
would experience much inconvenience in provid-
ing the necessary amount of security; butcertainly
there would be no undue inconvenience m having
the bonds transmitted from any portion of thi.s
Confederacy to Washington city, because it is not
to be presumed that the company would not know
its business well enough to provide a little in ad-
vance of the time,when it would want to with draw
the iron from the custom-house. If the engineer,
or officer of the company, waited until the last
moment, and, when it was necessary to commence
laying their rails, should send the bonds to the
Secretary, for his approval, there might be incon-
*e lent delay > but it is to be presumed that wise,
sagacious men, accustomed to the conduct of busi-
ness, will have charge of these roads, and that
they will, in advance of the time at which they
need the iron, remit the bonds.
In relation to the date of the bond I think the
Senator from Alabama is mistaken. The bonds
will begin to run only from the time when the iron
is withdrawn from the custom-house, and not from
the time they are forwarded here, because the iron
will be retained in the store-houses of the Gov-
ernment until the bond is furnished, and then the
bond will commence to run as soon as the iron is
withdrawn from the custom-house. So there would
be no incovenience in that.
Mr. MALLORY. The honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, I think, if he will reflect upon this
view of the subject, will be aided in a correct
solution of it. 1'he railroad iron will be imported
like all other merchandise into the port of entry
nearest to where it is to be used—at the very nearest
point. An effort will be made to get the vessel
in where there is positivtly less water than is
necessary to admit her, in order that the less
transportation of the iron may be had. Where
is thecapital collected, whence you are to find the
security, but in the commercial cities. Merchan-
dise which is to be used upon the lakes in the in-
terior, and the western States, imported into the
city of New York, has been bonded there when
the bonded system prevailed; and now, under the
warehouse system it is bonded there. The secu-
rities are in the city of New York; and not where
the merchandise is to be used; and there where
the vessel enters, her consignee will naturally, in
the case of iron as in the case of other species of
merchandise, himself furnish the bond, and the
collector of the port is the proper judge of the
securities. They have to present the securities
to satisfy the collector. If you tefer it to the
Secretary of the Treasury, he will very naturally
ask the local authorities where the lion is im-
ported , whether the sureties offered are responsible
parties or not, and it will be a mere question of
delay for the matter will rest with the collectors
of the customs anyhow. It is a question merely
of delay in coming to Washington and sending
back.
In the district in which I reside, ar:d which has
been a collection district since 1821, so long as
the bonded system pievailed, and up to this hour,
there never has been a bond forfeited, altogether,
beyond $450; or in other words, that is theentire
sum that has been lost by the Government in the
collection of some millions of dollars upon mer-
chandise in that district. So careful are. the col-
lectors on the subject that a bond is very rarely
forfeited indeed. The honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, in alluding to the bonded system,
says it was aboudoned. Why was it abandoned ?
There was some reason for it. It was abandoned
simply to substitute the cash system; and the an-
swer to that does not necessarily involve the ques-
tion whether the collector of the customs, who is
on the spot, or the Secretary of ihe Treasury at
Washington, is, or is not, the best judge of the
liability of the surety.
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. The amendment embodies
something more than a mere question of who is
to approve the sureties. It proposes, instead of
making it discretionary with the officer to take the
surety or not, that we shall make it mandatory
that m all cases he shall take sureties on the du-
ties 011 which the credit is allowed. If the Senate
vote down the amendment, they determine that
iron, imported into the United States, may be
received by the party on credit, without security,
unless, as the original bill proposes, the local offi-
cer of the customs chooses to require it. That is
the way the bill stands. The amendment proposes
to exact security in all cases, on the ground that
where credit is given, there can be no hardshipin
that. I think the reasons given by the honorable
Senator from Maryland for it, arises principally
from the fact that almost every railroad company
in this country stands with theirbondsbelowtheir
par value. That would be a sufficient reason why
the United States should ask for security if they
give the credit.
As to the question who isto approve thebonds,
for my own part, I feel indifferent about it; and I
rather incline to the view, if gentlemen will agree
to the rest of the amendment, that it might be
well to modify it, by striking out '• Secretary of
the Treasury," and putting in the collector of the
district in which the iron is delivered. I shall be
disposed to vote for an amendment to that effect
to the amendment, and then vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maryland; but I should
be very sorry to see the whole amendment re-
jected.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 13, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Alien, Bayard, Brainerd, Brodhead,
Cooper, Fessenden, Foot, Jones of Iowa, Pearee, Pratt,
Seward, Stuart, and Tnucey—13. .
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Bell, Benjamin,
Brown, Butler, Chase, Clay, Clayton, Dawson, Dodq.: of
Wisconsin, Douglas, Evans, Fitapajritk, Gfycr.Gwra,
Hamlin. Hunter, Johnson. Jones of rennespec, Mallory,
Pottit, Rusk. Stbastian, Shield,*, Snmner, Tliomp-wn of
Kentucky, Wade, Walker, Welter, Wells, and Wilson—
:a.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PEARCE. That amendment was resisted
because the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury was required. I now make a motio i to
strike out the same portion of the bill which my
former amendment proposed to strike out, ana
insert the following:
With such surety or sureties as, in the opinion of the
collector of the customs at the port where said iron may be
entered, shall be amply sufficient.
Mr. WELLER. Put in the surveyor of the
port of delivery.
Mr. PEARCE. I will say, in reply to that sug-
gestion, that I do not know that a surveyor has
ever been authorized to receive the duties for cus-
toms.
Mr. GWIN. There are some ports where
there are only surveyors.
Mr. PEARCE. Are they ports of entry?
Several Sen&tors. They are ports of delivery.
Mr. PEARCE. That may be. I suppose that
formerly, when a credit was allowed oft the duties,
the collector of the customs was the proper person
to approve the bonds, and I want to follow that.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think, if the Senator from
Maryland will allow me to make a statement, he
will see the propriety of inserting the surveyor.
All goods that enter the mouth of the Mississippi
must be entered by law at New Orleans, where
the port of entry is; but above that, all the others
are ports of delivery, at which surveyors are ap-
pointed, and where they reside.
Now, sir, all duties thatare paid at Cincinnati,
at Louisville, at Evansville, and at all other places
above there, are paid to the surveyor, who dis-
charges, at the port of delivery, precisely the same
duties that are discharged by the collector at the
port of entry. The goods are allowed to go up in
packages; there the duties are paid, and you will
see at a glance that the amendment would compel
the companies at all the ports a thousand miles
above New Orleans, and all other ports distant
from a port of entry, to send that distance to
transact their business with the collector, instead
of the surveyor.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to know whether,
when the United States authorized a delivery on
credit, the collector was not, in all cases, required
to approve the bond given by the importer? My
recollection is, that the collector in whose district
it was, was required to approve the bond. I can
see an evident difference between allowing the sur-
veyor to receive the money and judge of'the sure-
ties. 1 can see no hardship to the importers, be-
; cause they can always apply beforehand, to give
> their bonds, where the iron is imported, as it will
I be received at the custom-house; and within three
years after the delivery they are to pay the duties.
I Those are the terms of the bill, and I think the
! officer who r?ceives the duties ought at least to
j jud^e of the securities.
Mr. TOUCEY. I voted for the last proposi-
tion to amend merely for the purpose of requiring
the security to be given in all cases. I am not
willing that, in any case, duties should be received
by an officer of this Government without bond;
and if the duties are not received by an (.fficer of
this Government, I am not willing that they
should, in any case, remain in the hands of an
; individual, or of a corporation, without security
, for the payment. It is contrary to the policy of
I all our past or existing laws, where the public
■ money is pet mitted to go into the hands of another,
. unless it may be in the Army and Navy in some
i fsitsats *
