1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
With regard to the approval of the security, I
prefer that it should be approved by the officer
who is entitled to collect the money when it is
paid in cash—the collector, if he is the collecting
officer, or the surveyor, if he performs the duty
of a collector.
Mr. CLAY. I suggest to the Senator from
Maryland to modify his amendment by inserting
the surveyor.
Several Senators. He has done it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not in
the amendment.
Mr. PEARCE. I think it would be better to
leave it as it is; but as it seems to be the sense of
the Senate that the surveyor should be putin, I
request the Secretary to make the modification.
The amendment, as modified, would be to strike
out the wcrds as before stated, and to insert:
With such surety or sureties as, in tlxe opinion of the
collector of the customs, or the surveyor at the port whete
the said iron may be entered or delivered, shall be amply
sufficient.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I offer another amendment, to
come in at the close of the first section. It is to
add:
And such bonds shall also be conditioned for the laying
down on the track of the railroad of such company within
twelve months next succeeding such extension of the time
of payment.
Mr. CLAY. I do not see the necessity for that
amendment. If it is laid down within the three
•years to which the credit is extended, it is indem-
nity to the United States. Why exact that it
shall be laid down in twelve months?
Mr. PEARCE. There is no part of the bill,
as it now stands, providing for the laying down
of the iron on the i"oads at any time. As to any
provision that is contained in the bill, they may
apply it to entirely different purposes. Jt may
never be applied for that object which, it is said,
is the imperative necessity that demands the pas-
sage of this bill. Now I hold that one year is
ample time to lay down the road after they get
this extension; for it is not to be presumed that
any company is likely to import the iron several
years before they want it. I take it, if they
are at all wise men, such as should be in the busi-
ness, they will import the iron in quantities to
meet their demands.
Mr. CLAY. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I should like to have the
amendment read again, to see whether it accom-
plishes the purpose of my friend from Maryland.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. CLAY. It seems tome that the amend-
ment imports more than 1 presume was intended
by the Senator from Maryland. It literally means
that the whole track of the road shall be laid down
in twelve months. I presume he means that they
shall only lay down the iron that is taken from
the custom-house.
Mr. PEARCE. Some words were accidentally
omitted. X modify the amendment to read as
follows:
And f uch bonds shall also be conditioned for the laying .
down of such iron on thetiack of therailroad of such com- j
pany withm the twelve months next succeeding such ex-
tension of the time of payment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. It seems to me that there is
another amendment necessary to the first section.
I find the provision is that the time of payment
of all the duties shall be extended " on all iron
rails, spikes, bolts, fastenings, or other iron neces-
eary for the construction of railroads." I do not
like that phrase. It seems to be rather too large;
for all iron, except pig, I take it, is necessary for
the construction of railroads. You might import
iron for a thousand purposes, of a very different
kind, but still being iron, it is necessary to con-
struct some railroads. 1 want, therefore, to say
" all iron rails, bolts, spikes, fastenings, or other
iron imported for the construction of railroads."
The'PRESIDING OFFICER. What is the
xact amendment which the Senator proposes?
Mr. PEAPvCE. To strike out the word " ne-
cessary " and insert " imported."
Mr. CLAY. We have no objection to that.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee That is exactly
the bill as it now stands, as I understand it; but
I have no objection to the amendment.
Mr. PRATT. I would respectfully suggest to
my colleague that the amendment which has just
been adopted will secure the Government against
the provisions of the bill being extended to iron
imported for other purposes than railroad purposes.
The amendment which he now proposes would not
have that effect. I do not know how it is to be
ascertained at all that iron is imported for railroad
purposes. If it is bar iron, it is imported and the
railroad companies buy it Irom the importer; and
when they buy it from the importer, the iron being
in bond, m reference to so much of the price as
is contained in the duty, they are to give their
bonds to the Government conditioned under the
provisions of this bill. If it is imported as bar
iron it is imported by the merchants and not by
the railioad company. The railroad company,
when they buy that bar iron for railroad purposes,
give their bonds for so much as the duty amounts
to. I cannot see that the amendment, as it is
worded, would have any effect, but I suppose that
the amendment which has been adopted was de-
signed to have this effect as I understand it—that
all the parties who were to receive the benefit
under this act were to give security, approved by
the proper officers, that th.e iron, with reference
to the duties on which they gave their bonds, was
within twelve months to be laid down on the rail-
road. 1 supposed that was the design.
Mr. CLAY. That, I think, is already effected
by the language of the bill.
Mr. PRATT. By the amendment just adopted?
Mr. CLAY. Certainly.
Mr. PEARCE. I will modify the amendment
by saying " imported for laying down the tracks
of railroads." That will make it specific.
Mr. COOPEPi. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from Maryland, that, though that will certainly
cover a large part, it will by no means cover the
whole of the iron necessary for the construction of
railroads. There is a vast amount of iron, besides
that which is necessary for laying down the tracks.
Even in the construction of wooden bridges, a
great quantity of iron being required for the bolts
—long, large bolts—many tons are used.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maryland has modified his amendment, so
as to insert " imported for laying down the tracks
of railroads," instead of " necessary for the con-
struction of railroads."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not think Ihe
Senator means exactly what his amendment pur-
ports, " laying down the tracks." Now, it is
specified distinctly in the bill what is meant, and
1 copied it from a bill which was introduced by
the present Presiding Officer, [Mr. Badger,] and
i which was passed two years ago by the Senate,
giving a credit on railroad iron to a railroad com-
pany in your own Stale, sir. " Rails, spikes,
bolts, fastenings," thatcovers the whole. It does
not embrace any other variety of iron; you cannot
use it for any other purpose. It does seem to me
that this amendment is merely proposed to be put
on to embariass the bill. If that is not intended,
it will be its effect. I hope, if the friends of the
bill mean to pass it, they will reject all amendments
and pass it as it is.
Mr. PEARCE. It is not moved with any such
intention, whatever the Senator may think. He
knows what he intends, but he does not know
what I intend, and he has no right to assume it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I said that would
be the effect of it; I did not charge that intention
on the Senator. I said such would be its effect.
Mr. PEARCE. The amendment is offered, but
I do not care a button whether it is accepted or re-
jected.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, which I think will not be objected to. It is
to relieve the bill of what I suppose to be a doubt.
It is to strike out the proviso of the second sec-
tion:
" Thai the provisions of this act shall continue for two
years, and no longer, unless otherwise provided for by law."
—and insert:
" That the provisions of Ibis act, extending the time of
payment of dunes, shall be held to apply to iron rails,
spikes, bolt?, fastenings, and other iron necessary for Ihe
constiuction of r.tilroads aclually delivered on bond as
aforesaid, within two years, and no longer.
As the bill reads, I am by no means sure that if
you repeal all the provisions of the law, the bonds
taken under it will be good for anything.
Mr. CLAY. I should not vote against the
amendment but that I think the bill at present
accomplishes the very same object. 1-can see'no
difference in effect. It is only, to my mind, a dif-
ference in words, and, on that account, I shall
vote against it.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment. The honorable Senator says
he can see no difference; but to my mind it pre-
sents great doubt whether the effect of such a
clause as exists in the proviso as it stands, would
not, after the lapse of the two years, render
the bonds void. If the provisions of the act are
entirely repealed, I think it would be difficult to
maintain an action on these bond's in a court of
justice at the end of three years.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I did not offer
this amendment for the purpose of defeating the
bill, although I am opposed to it, and 1 shall give
hereafter, as briefly as possible, the reasons why
I am opposed to it. It was not my intention, by
this proposition, to embarrass or prevent the pas-
sage of this measure. I am perfectly satisfied that
when brought to a vote in the Senate, it will pass,
objectionable as 1 think it to be; but there is
nothing embarrassing in the amendment whatever.
It carries out the view of the bill in the sense in
which the honorable Senator from Alabama un-
derstands it. M v amendment does that certainly;
but I doubt the effect of the bill as it stands. And
surely, it is not unreasonable that I should ask the
friends of the measure, while giving a credit upon
the duties, that those duties should be lezally
secured; and I doubt whether the bill does secure
them in that respect, as the proviso stands.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 24; as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Rrainerd, Bright. Brod-
head, Clayton, Cooper, Fessenden, Foot, Hamlin, tlnnter,
Pearce, Pratt, Seward, Shields, Shdell, Sumner, Thom-
son of New Jersey, Toucr j', and Welh—^ti.
NAY5—Messrs. Adams, Badger. Dell, nenjamin,Rrown,
Butler, Chase, Clay, Dawson, Dodire of Wisconsin, Evans,
Fitzpatrick, Gever, Johnson. Jones of Tennessee. Mallory,
Mason, Peitit, Ku*l;, Sebasnan, Thompson of Kentucky,
Wade, Walker, and Weller-24.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. COOPER. I stated on Saturday last that
I designed to propose an amendment to the bill.
I hold that amendment in my hand, and I will
state, before presentingit, that I do rotexpect it to
be agreed to; yet I believe it embraces a system
which would cure many evils arising under the
present law. It is to strike out all after the enact-
ing clause, and insert: =
That from and after the passage of this act, a duty of ten
dollars per ton shall be levied and collected on all lailroad
iron uced in the construciion of railroads imported into the
United Siates from foreign countries, and that the price oil
winch said duly shall be levied shall he forty dollars ppr
ion at the place of manufaclure, until Ihe same fhail be
changed by the provisions of this act hereinafter contained.
Seo. —. And be it further enacted, That, whenever ihe
price of said iron shall rise above forlv dollars per ton at
the place of manufacture, and such rise shall be made
known to Ihe Secretary of the Treasury by the report of
the appraisers, ihe appointment of whom is hereinafter
provided for, the duty shall be reduced dollar for dollar as
Ihe price ri*os; that'is to say, when ihe price of said iron
shall have risen to forty one dollars per ton at the place of
I manufacture, and such lise shall have been made known
by the report of ihe appraisers lo he appointed as aforesaid,
(he duty shall be reduced lo nine dollars per ton, and so
on, as Ihe price of ihe iron rises, the duly shall be reduced
uniii the price shall have risen to fifty dollars per ton or
upwards, when the duty shall cease, and railroad iron be
admitted free.
Sec Jlnd he it further enarfed, That when the price
of said iron shall have lallen to thirty-nine dollars per ton
at Ihe place of manufacture, and such fall in Ihe price
thereof shall be made known by the appraisers, ihe duty
shall be increased to eleven dollars per ion, and so on, as
Ihe price of iron falls the duty shall be increased; but
neither in the rise nor fall of the price shall fractious of
i dollars be regarded by the appraisers in making tlieirre-
1 Port ■■ ,
Pec.— Jlndbe it further enacted, That, immediately
! after ihe passage of ihis act, it shall be Ihe duly of the
' President, by and willi the advice and consent of the Sen-
! ate, to appoint two appraisers, wjio shall monilily orquar-
\ terlv, ai> the Secretary of the Treasuiyshall direel, proceed
! lo ascertain the price ofthe said iron at ihe place *'f man-
ufacture, and report the same to the said Secretary, who
' shall give nolice iherenftolhe collectors in ihe severalcol-
i lection districts of ihe United States, and upon tile price so
ascertained and reported by the appraisers to the Secretary,
I and by him notified to the collectors, shall the rate of dmy,
1 hereinbefore directed, be assessed until tbe price shall have
: been changed in virtue of a new report, whereof the col-
1 lectors shall be notified as aforesaid.
1 Sec. —. Jlni he it further enacted, Thai in addition to tbe
i notice required lo be s.ven to the collectors of Ihe several
1 collection districts, the Secretary of the Treasury shall,
immediately on Ihe report ofthe said appraisers b. it.g made
I to Inm, cause the same to be inserted in not less than one
j newspaper nor more than three, published, respectively, m
