800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2ft,
New York, Philadelphia. Boston, Baltimore, New Orleans,
Charleston, Savannah, Mobile, Norfolk, Portland, Maine,
and Washington city, in the District of Columbia.
Sue.— Jl:id be it fwthcr enacted, That the apprai«er3
to be appointed in pursuance of this act, before proceeding
to the (hsehatge of their duties, shall severally fake an oath
or affirmation before s line judge or other official officer
competent to administer the same, to make a true and just
report of the price of railroad iron at the piace of manufac-
ture at thedateof such report; and the said appraisers shall
be liable.to prosecution and pumshm' nt for perjury in like
manner as other officers of the United States are now liable
for such offense.
Sec. — Jlnd be Ufwther enacted. That all laws incon-
sistent with the provisions of thiss act be, and the same are
hereby, repealed.
I presume the object of this amendment will be
understood from ita reading. The great difficulty
under the existing law is, that the least amount
of protection is afforded at the time most is needed;
that is, when the price under the ad valorem system
is lowest, the duties are lowest. This breaks down
the domestic manufacturer, drives -him out of em-
ployment, "arid leaves the field to the foreign man-
ufacturer, who comes in and demands whatever
price he thinks proper. This evil the amendment
is intended to cure. When the price was high, as
it was nine months ago, the duties being assessed
upon that price became prohibitory, and so they
were at the period referred to. This causes fluc-
tuations, disastrous not only to the interests of
those engaged in the manufacture of iron, but
equally so to the consumer, because when the do-
mestic establishments are broken down, and opera-
tions cease, the foreign manufacturer gets posses-
sion of the field, and is able to control the price
to the disadvantage and injury of the consumer.
The present amendment proposes that there
shall be a rate fixed, and the rate that is fixed in
the bill is the average price of a number of years.
On that the duty is assessed—a duty of ten dol-
lars, which would make the price here equal to
fifty dollars. Of course I do not include the mere
port charges that accrue from lading, unlading, &c.
But the average price of forty dollars is taken, and
the duty of ten dollars is imposed. When the
price rises to forty-one dollars the duty goes down
to nine dollars; so that, add the nine dollars to
the forty-one dollars, and you will still have fifty
dollars for the result. It would keep up the price
of iron to about fifty dollars per ton. So, on the
other hand, when the price falls to thirty-nine dol-
lars per ton, and the report is made, under the di-
rection of the Secretary of the Treasury, by the
appraisers to be appointed, the duty rises to eleven
dollars per ton, which, added to the thirty-nine
dollars, again makes fifty dollars. It is a sliding
scale, in other words, to prevent the fluctuation in
the price, which is disastrous alike to the purchaser
and to the consumer.
There is another advantage in this system over
that which exists, and, indeed, over the strictly
specific system, but 1 shall not detain the Senate
further than to point out the important advantage
of this over the existing law. It completely pre-
vents the perpetration of frauds on the custom-
house. Fraudulent invoices will be of no use,
because the standard of prices will be an arbitrary
one. The price will be fixed from the report of
the manufacturers, which come here monthly from
the other side. The price will be fixed; the
amount of duties will be assessed upon that price,
■whatever it may be; and, therefore, the fictions
that are resorted to now of sending double in-
voices—one for the custom-house, and another for
the purchaser—will cease to have any effect. The
duty and price of iron, added together, will keep
the article in some kind of equilibrium, and pre-
vent the fluctuation to which I have referred.
1 do not desire to detain the Senate. I have no
hope that the amendment will pass now; but I do
hope that before long the country will adopt it,
because it commends itself to the manufacturers
all over the country, and to the consumers who
have paid mention to it likewise. I trust that it
will be passed some day.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have an amendment
which, I presume, the friends of the bill will not
object to.
Although this is a bill greatly injurious to two
great interests of one of the largest States of the
Union, I have troubled the Senate with but few
remarks. Before the bill is finally disposed of,
however, I may have much to say. A bill so
deeply injurious to the State which I hav« the
honor to represent, cannot pass without my oppo-
sition. At any rate, I offer this amendment, to
which, I presume, the friends of the bill will not
object, especially since they have themselves said
that they desire the passage of this bill in order
to develop the resources of the country, to enable
them to bring their produce to market, and to give
them means of communication which they do not
now possess.
The great difficulty is always in opening the
first track of a railroad. When the commerce of
the country demands two tracks, the company
opening the first will always have the means of
opening the second. Now, under this bill, more
railroad iron will be imported for double tracks,
or for relaying old railroads than for making new
first tracks in the new States. If we pass the bill,
extending its operation two years, for the benefit
of the new States, there will be, at the end of two
years, other new States demanding on extension
of it, so that we might as well make the limitation
twenty years as two years; for the States will be
constantly coming in.
But, sir, I rose for the purpose of offering an
amendment to the first section, which is as fol-
lows:
Provided, That such extension of time for the payment
of such duties eliali only be given on such rails, spikes,
bolts, and Jastenings imported for new iirst track railroads.
If the friends of the measure accept this amend-
ment, of course 1 have nothing further to say; but
if they do not readily agree to it without debate, I
think 1 can show that it is eminently proper. Sir,
I would like to inquire of gentlemen who are now
advocating this roundabout, oblique mode ofgetting
the Federal Government to aid in internal improve-
ments, why the rich railroad companies of the old
States should have a credit on railroad iron for
double tracks, or for relaying their roads?
There are about twenty-two thousand miles of
railroad in the United States. The greater part of
this has been made with an inferior article of Eng-
lish iron, which is now pretty well crushed out.
Under this bill large importations will be made,
because many miles of road will have to berelaid;
large importations will be made for the purpose of
laying new rails on old roads, so that those gentle-
men from the new States who are now urging this
bill, will accomplish a purpose which I think they
do not design. Why do they urge it? Why
will they make objection to an amendment of this
kind? 1 cannot conceive any reason for such a
course, and therefore hope my amendment will be
agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should be very
happy to agree to anything which my friend
should propose; but it must be very obvious to
every Senator that if that amendment be adopted
it will defeat the bill. It seeks to make the pro-
visions of the bill apply only to new roads. That
would suit my State very well; we have no old
roads there; but the Representatives from the old
States, which have agteat preponderance in the
other branch of Congress, would vote against it
on that principle, and kill the bill, so that I hope
no friend of the bill will be misled by that.
Mr. BRODHEAD called forthe yeas andnays;
but they were not ordered.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BRODHEAD. i have another amend-
ment to offer, to insert the following as an addi-
tional section:
Sec. — Jlrtd he it further enacted, Thata similar exten-
sion for the payment of all duties now authorized to be
collected under the tariff act of 1848 on salt, sugar, woolen
and cotton good:-, is hereby given : Provided, That the im-
porter thereof under said act shall give security personal or
otherwise to be approved by the collector of the customs
where the goods shall be entered.
[Question. Gluestion.]
I am sorry, Mr. President, to perceive such a
fixed determination on the part of the Senate to
pass this bill, but there are some considerations
connected with the subject to which I must be
permitted to advert, and to which I desire to call
the particular attention of our friends from the
southern States. We of the North have been
taught, particularly by southern teachers, that it
is not proper to engage the Federal Government
in a system of internal improvements. I have
always been told by southern gentlemen that we
ought not to engage in any oblique mode of legis-
lation, and that it is against the Constitution and
against sound policy to embark the Federal Gov-
ernment, directly or indirectly, in any system of
internal improvements. Does not this bill violate
that doctrine ? In 1846, when the tariff bill of that *
year was pressed with zeal and ability by gentle-
men from the southern States, we were told that it
contained a great Democratic principle, which was
to collect from all alike the moneys necessary to ]
carry on the Government, j
1 then heard, in another branch of the National
Legislature, a great deal said against class legisla.-
uon, and against protection to manufacturers.
Now, what is this bill but protection to railroad
companies? How can any man who sustained
the act of 1846 stand- up here and say that rail-
road companies should have a credit of three years,
and that the same benefit should not be extended
to those who import salt, sugar, woolen and cot-
ton goods ? I beg our friends from New England
to remember that the fate of Pennsylvania's in-
terests to-day may be theirs to-morrow; and I ask
our southern friends, who have had the support
of old Pennsylvania upon another great question,
to remember that hereafter they may need support
against Abolition fanaticism. I know of no Dem-
ocratic Senator on this floor, north of Mason
and Dixon's line, in favor of this species of special
legislation.
I had hoped, sir, that we should be able to com#
to some compromise on the general subject in-
volved in this bill, upon the basis suggested by the
Secretary of the Treasury; but it seems that one
particular interest is to be selected, and this blow
is aimed by States which have had the most benefit
from Federal legislation in relation to internal im-
provements—I allude to the western States, which
have had large grants of land for their railroads.
The southern States, also, who have forced upon
us a tariff policy that has been adopted, are the
first to come here with a proposition to abandon
it. Sir, Pennsylvania has been a faithful member
of this Confederacy; she has stood firm between
the dividing interests of the North and the South,
always moderate in pretense, but very much in
demand, especially at election times, and when
Abolitionism is to be resisted. This is an unex-
pected blow from an unexpected quarter at two
of her great interests; because the coal interest is
as much, if not more, affected by this bill than the
iron interest, because the establishments which
manufacture iron are the great consumers of coal.
By this bill you select a particular article, and
have free tradein that; or, what is the same thing,
give three years'credit for the payment of these
duties without charging interest. How much
would the interest amount to? Last year we
received duties on railroad iron to an amount
between #3,000,000 and #4,000,000. When the
companies can get the iron from the custom-
houses by giving their bonds for the duties, I ap-
prehend the amount imported will be more; but
put the amount of duties at $4,000,000 a year.
This bill is to be in operation for two years. Then
you have $8,000,000 kept out of the Treasury for
three years. The interest on it for a single year
would be nearly $500,000, and for three years
it would amount to over $1,000,000.
Is not that amount a bonus paid to railroad
companies? Is it not so much paid to enable
States, and companies, which is worse, to engage
in a system of internal improvements? Will not
its effect be to keep up the railroad mania which
is absorbing the capital of the country and with-
drawing it from other legitimate pursuits 7 Is it
not to have the effect of increasing our already
fearful anount of foreign indebtedness? Not-
withstanding these facts, gentlemen seem to take it
for granted that this bill is all right. I have heard
of many changes in my day, but I did not expect
that those who stood in the northern States in ex-
posed positions on another great question in which
our southern friends have an interest, would be
deserted by the South on this question. Sir, otl
former occasions there were those who stood ia
exposed positions in the north in the maintenance
of the constitutional rights of the South and who
disregarded instructions in order to do it. South-
ern gentlemen on that question are in an entrenched
position, and they can very easily defend it; but
it is sometimes diffieult for those of us at the North
who are so disposed to stand up for them. W®
did not expect that they would single out the two
great interests of my State and aim this fatal blow
at both.
1 feel that this is a very improper measure, but
X do not say that it is urged with improper mo*
