862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
opposed to this mode of legislation. I preferred
a general system for the reduction of the duties on
imports. Since the gentleman has mentioned the
subject of free trade, 1 will tell him that 1 wish
there whs not a custom-house in the Confederacy.
Mr. BRODHEAD. How would you collect
money to carry on the Government ?
Mr. BUTLER. The sooner we have no money
the better. [Laughter.] Sir, we shall never have
a virtuous Government until we have a responsible
constituency, and we shall (aver have a responsible
constituency until we have a tax-paying constitu-
ency, who know what they pay, and for what they
pay it. That is my opinion. If our constituency
knew what they really paid, and if they had to
subject themselves to direct taxation to pay it, you
would see a very different system of legislation
from that which now obtains here by favor and
by courtesy. 11 is considered nothing to ask us to
pay out of the Treasury $3,000,000 or $4,000,000
for this object and for thatobject, upon thegrouml
that it is liberal and patriotic. In this way this
power is abused, because we have not a tax-
paying constituency.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania asks how
we should get on with the Government. Sir, I
want no Government that cannot get on except by
the consent of the people to pay their own taxes.
Let resort be had to the southern States for their
taxes; and if those taxes be for an object within
the sphere of the Constitution, they will perish
as soon as any portion of this Confederacy in
maintaining it. Allow me to say, further, that
if the taxation was for an object against the Con-
stitution, there is no portion of the Confederacy
that would sooner play the part of Hampden.
When he was asked for his shilling, or whatever
the amount was, for ship-money, he said, in sub-
stance: " 1 will pay the legitimate taxes which 1
am bound as a subject to pay; but rather than
comply with your demand, I will throw the money
to the first servant who comes by; sooner than
allow you to take it against my consent, I will
loss my life." A Government based on such
principlesis the only Government that can subsist,
a Government composed of a constituency who
know what they pay. And, sir, alio w me to tell my
friend from Pennsylvania that the sooner we can
get down to that system, the better for the whole
of us. However, I perceive that I am going far
beyond what I intended when I rose. I shall,
therefore, leave the subject.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I know very well, sir,
that there are many strong arguments in favor of
absolute free trade and talcing down all custom-
houses. By that course we should get rid of the
burden of supporting some three thousand persons
who are engaged in collecting the revenue, at pretty
high salaries, to say nothing of the " stealings;"
but how many would you be obliged to employ
if you collected the revenue by means of direct
taxation ? You would have to employ people for
that purpose, unless you relied on the State gov-
ernments to collect it for you by their own action.
If you did that in a country so extended as this,
with such a variety of climate and productions,
how would you levy taxation in an equal and
uniform manner? In some States they have one
mode of taxation, and in some another; and this
would present 'difficulties. I am sometimes
strongly impressed with the belief that if we could
have a system of equitable and just direct tax-
ation, it would, perhaps, be as well. Then, sir,
my word for it, economy and frugality would be
regarded in the administration of the Federal Gov-
ernment. We should then have no cry for the
expenditure of Government money for internal
improvements. We should have no call on the
Federal Government to aid certain railroads. We
should have no gentlemen applying to the Treas-
ury to borrow money. This is, in fact, an appli-
cation to borrow money from the Treasury.
Upon the same principle on which this bill rests
why not give to a railroad company, who choose
to use American rails, a credit for the same
amount of money on which it will give a credit to
those using foreign rails? Why not advance to
the company using American rails the amount
which they would have to pay on duties, if they
used foreign rails, and pay back the amount at
the end of three years ? Would not that be the
same in principle with this bill ? Who that sup-
ports the one can consistently reject the other?
We are told by the Senator from Massachusetts
I that the railroad interest is in a suffering condi-
tion. ,I do not think those concerned in that in-
terest suffer much more than those engaged in the
great American interest of manufacturing iron in
all its varieties. What have they been doing?
Giving their bonds m Europe for iron, and now
it is proposed to allow them to give their bonds at
the custom-houses in payment of the duties. This
bill is worth $300,000 to English agents now in
New York for the credit which itgives on railroad
iron that they have in bond, because it extends to
railroad iron nowin bond.
Mr. President, I am not in the habit of making
captious objections to measures which are brought
here; and 1 do not speak for the mere purpose of
prolonging debate, or of talking down bills, or
sitting them out. That is not the proper way to
legislate. I must be permitted to say, however,
that since I have been a member of this body, or
of the other branch of Congress, I have never
known a measure to be urged which was so par-
tial in its character, and so violative of principle.
It is in opposition to the principle of the act of
1846, which was forced upon us, and under which
the great interests of the State which I have the
honor in part to represent suffered from 1846 to
1851. Our people came here at that time and
asked for relief, but a deaf ear was turned to them.
You told them that you could not engage in spe-
cial legislation for particular interests. Now, the
tables are turned. Here let me say to those
gentlemen who are so anxious, as I know some
are, for a modification of the tariff of 1846, that I
doubt very much whether, if this bill be passed,
they can obtain a modification of that tariff. My
reason for this opinion is, that by the passage of
this bill the great motive power, the great locomo-
tive power, if 1 may use that term, of thecombined
capital of these railroad companies will be with-
drawn, and can never again be brought to bear
against the act of 1846. Pass this bill, and the
act of 1846 is fastened upon us, while the only
benefits which it conferred on my State are taken
away. The act of 1846 having been forced upon
us, we were obliged to acquiesce in it, but now
when it happens to operate slightly in our favor it
is to be withdrawn.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, times change,
and men change with them, and 1 presume the
Senate were all reminded of this fact by the speech
which we heard a few moments since, from the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts. A few
years ago, when that old Commonwealth was rep-
resented here by another class of men, sentiments
such as were uttered by him would have been
considered strange indeed; as proceeding from the
mouths of Senators of Massachusetts. Then
there was, at least in some respects, sympathy
between Massachusetts and Pennsylvania. Both
of them regarded the industry of the country as
worthy of the protection of the Government. Both
of them regarded labor as peculiarly within the
province of governmental protection.
Sir, I do not rise for the purpose of invoking
the aid of Massachusetts, or of South Carolina, or
of North Carolina. I rise merely for the purpose
of showing, that in the improvement that goes on
from age to age, Massachusetts has other repre-
sentatives, with other views and other opinions—
men who separate from old relations and betake
themselves to new, for what purpose I know not.
The Senator from Massachusetts is loud in his
declaration that no sectional vote shall ever pro-
ceed from him; he entertains only broad and
statesman-like views, and will follow them out
only by broad and statesman-like practiccs; yet
almost his first act is to aim a blow at an interest
which is sometimes improperly regarded as sec-
tional; and he is ready to lend his hand to any
body who will aid him in striking down that in-
terest. He repudiates all connection with South
Carolina, as well as with Pennsylvania. And yet
he aids South Carolina, and other States sympa-
thizing with her, in breaking down a branch of
industry at the same time he tells you he hopes
for legislation 
Mr. BUTLER. Will my friend allow me to
say one word ?
Mr. COOPER. Certainly; as many as you
please.
Mr. BUTLER. IIow is it that South Carolina
has been made a party in this matter'
Mr. COOPER. The Senator made himself a
party. I find him voting with the enemies of 
Mr. BUTLER. Why do .you not select Lou-
isiana or some other State ?
Mr. COOPER. 1 will tell the Senator. There
is something more harmonious to me in (he sound
of Massachusetts anil South Carolina, in con-
nection, than of any other States. That is the
reason why I selected them; but, I'-t the same time,
I coupled with them all those in favor of this
measure.
Mr. President, while the Senator from Massa-
chusetts was disclaiming everything sectional—
while he assures you that lie would never ask that
special care should be taken of Massachusetts, he
also told you that he hoped that before the end
of this session, the duty would be removed from
foreign wool, that foreign log-wood might come
in free of duty, and that the manufacturers of
New England might sweeten their tea and coffee
with free sugar. When all comes to all, we find
that the Senator's broad national sentiments dwin-
dle down to the latitude of Lowell, or some other
place in Massachusetts.
I have stated, sir, that, at other times, and when
Massachusetts was represented by other men,
there was some conformity of view, on some sub-
jects, between the Representatives of that State
and my own; but now it seems that there is to be
no longer any conformity of sentiment orof action.
I do not know that Pennsylvania will suffer more
from the separation which is about to take place
than will Massachusetts. In the course of things
the day will come, proud and independent as the
Senator from Massachusetts now seems to be,
when,as in times past,you willfind Massachusetts
beseeching Congress to take care of some little
interest or other. I have seen that day, and it
may return.
But, Mr. President, I am opposed to this meas-
ure in good faith. I am opposed to class legisla-
tion. If an attempt were made to strike down any
particular interest in the State of Massachusetts,
or in any other State of the Union, I should
oppose it as earnestly as I oppose this. Sir, my
sympathy is not with the men who own the great
manufacturing establishments of my State. My
sympathies have been excited for the hundreds
and thousands of those who will be turned out of
j employment, and whose families will suffer for
| bread in consequence of this legislation. I have
far more community and sympathy of feeling
with this latter class than with the other class to
which I have referred.
We are told that this bill only proposes to give
a credit for a limited time; but I have already said
that if it passes, it will be an indication on the
part of Congress that this great interest of the
country is not hereafter to receive any protection.
The consequence will be that all the weaker estab-
lishments in my own State, and in other States,
will cease opeiations, and their hands will be
turned adrift without work, and in many instances
without bread. To what shall they betake them-
selves when they leave the employment to which
they have served an apprenticeship, and which
alone they are capable of performing? To agri-
cultural employments, if they can find mean! to
purchase a little land to cultivate; but they will
not be able to do that; their earnings will not have
been enough to enable them to do it. The conse-
quence must be that they must become the inmates
of poor-houses, or drag on in hopeless poverty
outside of them.
For these reasons, I am opposed to the measure.
Although I know that it is to pass this body, I feel
that I am but doing my duty in stating the reasons
which actuate me in opposing it. I do not wish to
detain the Senate longer, and I shall not do so.
®^WARD. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CLAY. I trust not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the motion
will not be agreed to.
Mr. BROWN called fortheyeasand nays;and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 26, nays 20; as follows:
Allen' Bayard, Brainerd, Bredhead,
tJ ' V'^'on.Conpcr, Dvans,Fessenden, Foot, Gillette.
>_Mason> Pearee, Pratt, Seward,
Shields, Slidell, Snnrt, Sumner, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toucev, Wade, Wells, and Wilson—26. '
ni?A"r S—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Benjamin, Bnwn, Chase,
Clay, Dawson, Douglas. Fitzpatrick, Gcyer, Gwni, II nm-
r?' i %Ker' Jnhns"n!Jones of Tennessee, Mallory. Pettit,
Rusk, Thompson of Kentucky, and Walker 2Q  '
So the motion was agreed to; and
The Senate adjourned.
