1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
868
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 21, 1855'.
The House met at tleveno'clock,a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary of
State, transmitting the annual statement of the
number and designation of passengers arriving in
the United States, by sea, from foreign countries,
during the year ending December 31,1854; which
was read, laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
IMMIGRANT PASSENGER LAW.
Mr. FULLER. It cannot have escaped the
attention of the House, that a great deal of ibterest
is manifested just at this time in reference to the
carriage of iir.n.igrant passengers 
Mr. COBB. I call for the regular order of
business*.
Mr. FULLER. Will the gentleman hear me
a moment? On the 23J of January last I intro-
duced, and had referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, a consolidated revenue law, containing fif
teen chapters. One of those chapters relates to
the carnage of passengers. The Committee on
Commerce would be prepared to report that bill,
large as it is, for the consideration of the House,
but at this late day of the session the committee
have thought it due to the great interests now
jeoparded by the great amount of public business
pressing upon the House, to select out chapter
nine of ti.at codification, and report it back to the
House, and ask for its immediate consideration.
Upon that suggestion 1 want to say a word to the
House.
Mr. COBD. I demand the regular order of
business. My duty requires I should do so; and
unless I do so I shall not be able to make a report
I wish to present.
'Mr. FULLER. Can the gentleman make a
report while I ara upon the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
is not entitled to the floor, under the rules of the
House, when the regular order of business is
called for. It is not in order to introduce a bill,
unless by unanimous .fionsent, and the gentleman
from Alabama objects.
Mr. FULLER. Will the gentleman from Ala-
bama hear me a moment ?
Mr. COBB. The gentleman from Alabama
would oblige every member of this House, but it
is important that I should make a report, which
the House can dispose of m a few moments.
Mr. FULLER. Let me say one word more.
The reason why thecommittee have considered this
bill, and instructed me to report it, is, that twelve
vessels have, within the last week, been seized in
New York, under the construction of the passen-
ger law, placed upon it by the Secretary. Thirty
vessels in all have been seized under that law,
and the Secretary has remitted the penalties. He
has deemed it his duty to place the construction,
which he has, upon that law, and under it vessels
are daily seized in New York. It therefore be-
comes necessary that the House should act upon
this matter immediately.
Mr. COBB. If it is the pleasure of the House
that the bill is passed, 1 
Mr. CUTTING. It is a bill of the utmost im-
portance.
Mr. COBD. Let me take my own course, and
I will not throw serious obstacles in the gentleman's
way.
Mr. CUTTING. I am glad to hear if.
Mr. COBB. Trust me lor once. I was going
to suggest that if I could get the floor, to make a
report, immediately after the gentleman shall have
made his repor' 
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Alabama
would be entitled to the fborin themornins hour.
Mr. COBB. Then I have no objection.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is notthe business
first in order the resolution I offered yesterday,
to close debate upon the civil and diplomatic bill?
The SPEAKER. That is so. The Chair had
lost sight of that resolution.
Mr. JONES. I ask that the resolution be taken
up. It will lake but little of the time of the House,
andif wegetintoa debate on other subjects,'it may
be neglected.
The SPEAKER. The question immediately
pending before the body is the resolution which
was submitted last evening, that debate be closed
on the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill with-
in five minutes after its consideration shall be again
resumed in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. The previous question has
been called for.
The call for the previous question received a
second, and the main question was ordered to be
now put.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was adopt-
ed, and that that motion be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REVENUE LAWS AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous consent
of the House that the gentleman from Maine have
leave to report, fi om the Committee on Commerce,
the bill to which he has referred.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no objec-
tion, if the morning hour has commenced.
Mr. CUTTING. 1 hope that there may be no
objection. This is a very important and urgent
matter. Very little debate will occur.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. FULLER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill, which was read the first and
second time b> its title, as follows:
A bill to regulate the carriage of passengers in
steamships and other vessels.
I Mr. HAVEN. Before the bill is read, I would
I ask thegentleman from Maine whether this bill is
I a transcript of the ninth chapter of the general
| bill which the committee have prepared as a codi-
fication of the revenue laws?
Mr. FULLER. It is a transcriptof that chap-
ter, with some few slight changes which were made
at the request of merchants and others, of New
' York and other cities, and at the recommendation
of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. DISNEY. I move to dispense with the
first reading of the bill. It is a very long one.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let the bill be read through,
so that we may understand exactly what are its
provisions.
The Clerk read the bill in extenso.
Mr. FULLER. I will make no speech. I will
only say to the House that I believe the bill is
right; and I demand the previous question upon it.
Mr. SICELTON. ! desire to ask the gentle-
man one question before he demands the previous
question.
Mr. FULLER. What is the question ?
Mr. SKELTON. It is, whether this bill gives
passengers increased protection, or decreases the
protection now afforded them?
Mr. FULLER. It gives increased protection.
Mr. FLORENCE. Largely increased protec-
tion.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The question now being, " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. FULLER. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DREDGE AND SNAG BOATS.
Mr. DUNBAR, from the Committee on Com-
merce, by unanimous consent, reported a hill " to
provide for workins: dredge and snag boats, and
for other purposes," which was read a first and
: second time by its title, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
1 ordered to be printed.
Mr. COBB claimed the floor.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I rise to what I
believe to be a privileged question.
Mr. COBB. 1 hope the gentleman will first
allow me to have this one bill reported, and acted
on. My political salvation depends upon it. I
appeal to him not to press his privileged question
now. It was the general understanding that I
was to have the floor as soon as the report from
the Committee on Commerce was disposed of. ■ .
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The gentleman can
introduce h'S bill afterwards.
Mr. COBB. It will not take many minutes.
Mr. SOLLERS. I call the gentleman froia
Alabama to order.
Mr. COBB. I am only insisting on my rights.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear what
question the gentleman from Kentucky has to
present.
TEXAS DEBT BILL.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I ara
directed by the joint committee upon the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses upon the Texas
indemnity bill, to make a report, which I send to
the Clerk's table.
The Clei k read the report, which is as follows:
ThP committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on bill (No. 9G) " to provide for the pay-
ment of such creditors of the late Republic ot'Texas as are
comprehended in the act of Congress of September 9,
1850," have met, and after full and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their respect-
ive Uou«es as follows:
That in lien of the pmn specified in the fir«t amendment
of the House, the two Houses substitute u $7,75tf,000;"
Tiiat the Senate recede from their disagreement to,tb®
second amendment of the Utilise ;
That the Senate recede irom their disagreement to the
third amendment of the House;
In lieu of the words stricken out by the fourth amend-
ment of the House, insert also similar releases to said
State of Texas
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
fifth amendment of the House;
Inthesixih amendment of the House, insert in lieu of
" $6,6.">0 000," « $7,750 010."
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
seventh amendment of the House.
THOMAS J. RUSK,
CHARLES E STUART,
SOLOMON G. FOOT,
Manager> on the part of the Senate•
JOHNC. BRECKINRIDGE,
THOMAS M. iJOVVB,
Managers on the part cfihe Hduse,
X do not concur in the above recommendations and
report. GEORGE W. JONES.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I do not intend to
detain the House at this late period of the session
by a speech. I shall not occupy their attention
five minutes.
It will be seen by this report, that the Senate
recedes from all its disagreements to the amend-
ments of this House, except in regard to the sum,
and on that point the Senate recedes $750,000,
making the amount proposed $7,750,000, instead
of $8,500,000, The amendment put in by thia
House requiring Texas to abandon all her claima
against the United States on account of Indian
depredations or otherwise, is retained in the bill.
The report also provides for the release, by the
creditors, of the United States and Texas.
I can only say to the House that the joint com-
mittee had three or four meetings upon the sub-
ject, occupying altogether perhaps ten or twelve
hours; and after long, patient, and temperate in-
t vestigation of the whole question in all its aspects,
j they felt justified in recommending this adjust-
i ment to the House and to the Senate.
i I will not x'ecapitulate the arguments which I
1 have had the honor to advance-heretofore in refer-
} ence to the importance of asettlementof thisques-
j tion as regards the interests of the United States.
I I repeat my firm belief that the adjustment at
j present proposed is the very best and cheapest
| which it is now possible, or will at any time here-
j after be possible, for the United States to make of
j a perplexed and vexed question. I believe it will
| cost us an infinitely larger sum of money if we do
I not agree to the adjustment now proposed.
| Mr. CUTTING, (interposing.) Will thegen-
i tleman from Kentucky allow me to ask him a
j question ?
j Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Certainly,
i Mr. CUTTING. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether the effect of the present bill will not be to
put at rest, now and forever, all matters of claim
and contention between the United States and
Texas ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. And the creditors.
Mr. HOUSTON. Just as much as the law of
1850 did, and no further.
Mr. CUTTING. As far as practicable.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Well, Mr. Speaker,
I suppose it is proper tp add, that, in the present
