THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. G.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1855.
New Series No. 55.
cut the knot. I think this is a question of that
class, and 1 think with my friend from Kentucky,
[Mr. Breckinridge,] that the very best thing
which the House can do, is to agree to the report
of the committee of conference, and cut this knot
by giving to the creditors of Texas $7,750,000,
which ] have no doubt will be satisfactory both
to them and Texas.
Mr. GIDDINGS. As my friend from Penn-
sylvania is the only Representative from a free
State upon the committee of conference, I wish
to propound to him this question: if Pennsyl-
vania did not surrender all the privileges of reve-
nue arising from imports in her State and from her
public lands, on coming into the Union ? And I
would ask him this further question, if a free State
has ever called upon this Government to pay her
debts? We know his answer, and he need occupy
no time in stating it. I wish the gentleman to say
further, however, if there is any just reason why
the peopleof Pennsylvania should be taxed to pay
the debts of Texas any more than the people of
Texas should be taxed to pay the debts of Penn-
sylvania?
Mr. HOWE. My reply to the gentleman is,
that the State of Texas ought to have paid her
whole debt to the last farthing, without calling
upon this Government. My further reply is,
that this Government has undertaken, for certain
considerations satisfactory to itself, to pay a share
of this debt—has acknowledged its liability by
agreeing to pay—and her undertaking or contract,
if you please, is upon the statute-book, and now
amounts to $6,500,000. So far you have an ex-
isting contract, which I feel bound in good con-
science to execute, and to this amount I am willing
to add the further sum of #1,200,000, to get a full
acquittance from Texas for a claim of three or
four times that amount.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to propound a fur-
ther inquiry to the gentleman from Pennsylvania:
If he feels bound in conscience, by the act of 1850,
to pay this money from the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States? Is he bound to any extent or any de-
gree by the action of the Congress of 1850, or is
he bound to act according to the dictates of his
oath and conscience, when sitting in his supreme
capacity as a legislator? If) he bound to put his
hand into the Treasury of the United States for
the purpose of paying the debts of Texas, to pay
this $7,750,000 because the Congress of 18o0
passed a law to pay $6,500,000 ?
Mr. HOWE. I have this to say in reply, that
when I find an act upon your statute-book, which
in its nature is not repealable, and I am called upon
to participate in the execution of that act, it be-
comes my duty to see it executed, and l will allow
nothing except my conscience to interfere with that
duty. I am satisfied that our predecessors did in
1850 agree to pay the creditors of Texas a sum
which, with the accrued interest and premium,
amounts to $6,550,000, and I am satisfied too, that
it has not been paid. .
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish my friend from 1 enn-
svlvania to answer my question distinctly. Does
he feel his conscience and judgment bound by the
legislation of a former Congress, or by his own
judgment and conscience ? I want him, m his an-
swer, to come up distinctly to the point.
Mr. HOWE. I cannot hear the gentleman dis-
""mI7 GIDDINGS. I wish the gentleman dis-
tinctly to state whether this body, which only last
July repudiated the action of a former Congress,
and acted against the interests of the whole tree
States, is now bound to turn round and recognize
the act of 1850, as binding on us, or are we to sanc-
tion that act by adding #175,000 to the amount
""ml F10WE. I do not feel exactly bound to
go into that discussion just now. I think my ,
opinions may very well be deduced from my action ,
upon those matters when they have been legiti-
mately before the House.
Mrf CAMPBELL. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will allow me, I wish to say a word.
I do not wish to embark at ali m a general discus-
55
sion of this subject now, for want of time. I did
not participate m the debate upon this bill before
its passage, but for the reasons which have been
assigned by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I
made up my mind that the safety of the future
would justify the support of the measure, as a
matter of national economy. Perhaps there is no
man upon this floor who opposed the annexation
of Texas with a greater degree of ardor than I did.
No man upon this floor in 1850, not even my col-
league, [Mr. Giddings,] who resisted with a more
determined and ceaseless opposition that measure
which I regarded, and still regard, a great wrong.
But, sir, the so called compromise measure giving
Texas and her creditors $10,000,000 for certain
territory, was passed.
Mr. HAMILTON. _ I rise to a question of
order. I submit that this debate is not in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am answering a question
propounded by my colleague. My proposition is
this, to which I wish to call the attention of my
colleague.
The SPEAKER. Being called upon by the
gentleman from Maryland, the Chair must decide
that it is not in order to make anything more than
an explanation. ...
Mr. CAMPBELL. That is all I wish to do.
I understand, from the best information I can
obtain, that the debt of Texas to her creditors
amounts now to nearly $12,000,000. By the pro-
vision of this bill, we give for that $7,750,000,
$6,500,000 of which has already been provided
by the act of 1850; and by a provision which
I procured to the present act, we procure a full
release from all the parties—Texas and her credit-
ors. What I wish to know of my colleague, is,
whether, pending the proposition to annexTexas,
he, and I, and all who were opposed to that
measure, did not take the ground before the coun-
try, that, if Texas were annexed, this Govern-
ment would become liable for every dollar of that
debt? I wish to know of my colleague whether
he did not take that ground upon every stump in
northern Ohio ? I confess 1 did so in the southern
part of the State; and what 1 then said I still be-
iieve
Mr. GIDDINGS. I most cheerfully answer
the question of my colleague. When the prop-
osition to annex Texas to the Union, by a "joint
resolution," was first propounded, I denounced it
as unconstitutional, and entirely void; as imposing
no obligation upon me, or any other human
being under Heaven. My friend, too, then de-
nounced it as such, unless it were annexed by
treaty instead of joint resolution.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object to all this dis-
cussion out of order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I hope, then, gentlemen will
not be quite so fond of consenting to the pro-
pounding questions, if they are not willing to
hear answers to them.
[Cries of " Order!" " Order! ]
The SPEAKER,. The Chair must call the
gentleman to order, if he is extending his remarks
bevond a mere personal explanation. But the
Chair did not hear what the gentleman from Ohio
was debating". . . .
Mr. GIDDINGS. I was simply replying to
the pentieman from Ohio. He propounded to me
a certain question, to which he desired an answer,
and the whole House consented to it. _
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides, in the
first place, that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
IMr. Howe] is entitled to the floor, and cannot i
vield it except for explanation. That is the rule. ■
Mr. GIDDINGS. Can he not yield it by
unanimous consent? .
The SPEAKER. Certainly, by general con-
86 Mr GIDDINGS. I was speaking by unani-
mous'consent. No person interposed any objec-
U°The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] propounded a question to his
colleague, and the gentleman from Maryland ob-
jects to this discursive debate. The Chair under-
stands the rule, and must enforce it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I respectfully trust the Chair
will allow me to define my position.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from.
Pennsylvania yield to the gentleman from Ohio for
personal explanation ?
Mr. HOWE. Ido.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will proceed in order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. While I was speaking, my
colleague propounded to me a question, and the
whole House consented that 1 should answer it.
The SPEAKER. Whether the gentleman is in
order or not will depend upon what he says.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman asked me if
I did not object to the Texas annexation upon the
ground that we should be bound to pay the debt
of Texas? I then took the ground, and have ever
since maintained it, that if Texas were constitu-
tionally annexed to the United States, it must be
by treaty, and not by joint resolution; that such
joint resolutions would bind us no longer than
their passage, or they might be repealed at any
moment; that they imposed no obligation upon
any future Congress, and that, being void in the
beginning, it never could be any otherwise than
vol<J- , . , ,
Mr. McMULLIN. I object to this debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman, then, is out
of order, and the gentleman from Pennsylvania
will proceed in his remarks.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I only wish to remark,
then, that I hope gentlemen will be a little mora
careful in propounding questions if they will not
allow answers to be given.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I certainly do not object.
I have never, in my life, propounded a question
and objected to a reply.
Mr. 'HOWE. I have but a few words more to
say. In reply to the question of the gentleman
from Ohio, I wish to say that Pennsylvania, so far
as I recollect, did not part with her public lands*,
and I wish to eay, furthermore, if I understand the
financial history of the country, the revolutionary
debts of the several States were assumed and paid
by the Government. I understand, if this arrange-
ment of the committee of conference is carried out,
it covers the entire debt of Texas net already pro-
vided for. As far as the geographical question is
concerned, which is evidently sought to be brought
in here by the gentleman from Ohio, I wish to say
that the committee of conference was composed of
three northern and three southern men, all of
whom, I do not hesitate to believe, acted under a
high sense of duty to the country as well as them-
selves, and with an earnest desire to do justice to
all parties, in effecting a satisfactory adjustment
of a complicated and vexatious subject.
I have nothing more to say; and, in obedience
to what seems to be the general desire, 1 call the
previous question.
[Cries of "No!" " No!"1
Mr. HAVEN. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw his call for the previous
question, that I may have a few minutes m which
to say something in reference to the bill, not so
much with the expectation of controlling the
House in any action it may take on it, as with a
view of putting myself right upon the record.
Mr. HOWE. With the consent of the House
I will withdraw my call for the previous question
for the gentleman from New York, with the con-
dition that when he, has occupied five minutes he
will renew it.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not like to take the floor
under that condition; but 
Mr. HAMILTON. I hope there may be no
such proposition agreed to. v„,.i,
Mr. HOWE. The gentleman from New York
desires to set himself right, and I yield to him for
P"s eofP  rohject !>' « No !  « Yes!.']
The SPEAKER. The Chair wou d like to
understand how the matter is. Does the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania withdraw the call for the
previous question, and yield the floor to the gen-
tleman from New York? ii <•„„ ,k„
Mr. HOWE. I withdraw the call for the pre-
