1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
867
length of time these lands have been in market;
for it is important that, although this bill gives us
a good deal of land, it is worth but very little,
without the construction of the roads, which have
been culled for these many years:
Land brought into market in 1819 and 1823—
from thirty to thirty-five years ago—through which
this road runs.
Grant of land asked for, about four hundred
and fifty thousand acres—before the passage of
the graduation bill; of course much less now.
Now, in reference to the Memphis and Charles-
ton railroad.
Itleadsfrom Memphis, Tennessee,to the Nash-
ville, Chattanooga, and Charleston railroad.
Length of road and branches, two hundred and
eighty-eight and a half miles. Connects with the
Mississippi river, west; with the Tennessee, Geor-
gia, and Virginia, north; and South Carolina
roads, east, passing through portions of Tennes-
see, Mississippi, and Alabama.
Length through public land one hundred and
fifty miles; gets but little; being nearly all taken
up that is suitable for agriculture; timber and lime-
stone rocks plenty.
Good for lime—a very useful article. Now,
mark what we are doing towards completing this
road. This will show you that it is no humbug;
that it is no air operation; but that it is founded
upon dollars and cents, and is sure to be con-
structed. Completed in Tennessee and Alabama,
one hundred and six miles and a half. Capital
necessary to complete the road about §4,000,000,
of which $3,700,000 is taken, and much paid in,
principally by persons on>the line. Neaily all of
the road graded. One hundred thous nd dollars
worth of irom now in New Orleans, as I am in-
formed.
The grant of land now asked for—and a few
dollars of subscription—will complete the road in
three years, thus forming one unbroken connec-
tion, principally by railroad, to the Canadas.
Grants of land, about one hundred and fifty thou-
sand acres before the passage of the graduation
act, of course, much less now. Land brought into
market in 1809 and 1818, from thirty to thirty-five
years ago. I will state to the House that since
the passage of the graduation act, nearly five
hundred thousand acres of land have been sold at
one land office situated near this road.
Alabama and Tennessee river railroad and
branches from Selma to or near Gunter's landing,
Alabama, on the Tennessee river, leading from
south to north, in the direction to Nashville,
Louisville, and the lakes, with branches through
Wills and Chattanooga valleys, to connect the
Tennessee, Georgia, Virginia, North and South
Carolina line of railroads.
Length of road and branches two hundred and
eighty-three miles within Alabama. Capital stock
about §4,000,000, about $3,000,000 taken; fifty-
six miles completed, and much of the residue un-
der contract. Benefits to flow to the Government
innumerable, by bringing into market a quantity
of mineral and timber land now too remote to be
useful—connecting the North and South. The
land through which the road passes has been in
market from five to thirty-five years, having been j
mostly brought into market in 1819. \
Now, let me say to the House something rel- !
ative to the character of the country through which
this road passes. The distance from the naviga- ;
ble waters of the Tennessee river to Selma, on the
Alabama, is about one hundred and fifty miles.
Between those two rivers there are about fifty or
sixty miles of the richest coal, iron, arid marble
country that you can peihaps find anywhere, and i
they have recently discovered perhaps the finest \
copper mines that exist in the United States. You
may well suppose that, this fact being understood,
there will not be much land left for this company. [
The Northeast and Southwest railroad leads !
from Beard's Bluff, on the Tennessee river, Via
Elyton and Tuscaloosa, to the Mobile and Ohio
railroad, at or near where the Vicksburg and
Montgomery road crosses the Alabama State line,
connecting the States of Louisiana, Mississippi,
Alabama, Tennessee, Kentucky, and the northern
States. Length is one hundred and sixty-eight
miles. The face of the country through which it
passes, now public, contains an abundance of iron
ore, coal, pine timber, (fee. Remote from market; !
produce to be hauled on wagons and carts from
fifty to one hundred miles. Capital stock about,
$6,000,000, to be employed for railroad and man-
ufacturing purposes. Considerable paid in, and
much of the road now under contract for grading.
Subscription mostly by persons on the line. Land
through which it passes was brought into market
in 1819 and 1821. Amount of land granted will
be comparatively small, since the effects of the
graduation act in bringing into market an immense
amount along the line of road, together with the
proposed construction of the road.
I will say to my friends from Pennsylvania
upon this floor, that they must not be alarmed at
that word " manufacturing," and flare off. The
company are going to endeavor to make their own
railroad iron in the neighborhood of the road, for
there is an abundance of coal and iron upon the
line.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it will cost to finish all these
roads about $18,500,000. If Congress grant to
the State of Alabama what this bill proposes to
grant, to aid in the construction of these roads, it
will be only giving one million six hundred thou-
sand and odd acres of land, less by three hundred
thousand acres than was appropriated to the Illi-
nois railroad. And then let the House take this
into consideration: these lands have been in the
market for the last twenty, thirty, or forty years,
and have not found purchasers. But suppose
that the grant contemplated by this bill be made,
in what proportion do you think you contribute
for the purpose of completing these roads, pro-
vided you made a clear donation to the State?
They will have cost, as I stated, $18,500,000.
Now, the land proposed to be granted could not
be sold for a sum which would pay one eleventh
part of the cost of the road; and that is all which
Congress will have contributed to build these great
and important railroads, the malting of which
will bring thousands of acres into market that
would, perhaps, never have been sold, and which
will connect Alabama with every State of the
Union. Will you not come forward, then, and
cheerfully contribute this one eleventh part of the
cost toward the construction of these important
roads—roads which will connect with Mobile bay,
and with every portion of the country, north, east,
and west:1
My time, Mr. Speaker, admonishes me to con-
clude my remarks, which I will do—the constitu-
tional question having been discussed and dis-
posed of—by simply moving the previous ques-
tion . I do this because 1 want a vote upon it now.
When I was before my people, a part of this bill
was referred to, and I was upbraided with not
having brought it forward, and properly advoca-
ting it before the House, and that 1 had not even
done that which I might have done. If I do not
now get a vote upon this bill, I cannot, of course,
successfully enter the canvass [laughter] on which
I am about to enter for reelection.
I do not want any charge to be made against
me that this House has not acted upon any meas-
ure in which my people have an interest. I ask
the House to vote for this bill. My people are
a people who do not want nor ask for what is
wrong; but they are a grateful people; and if this
bill is passed, they will show their gratitude by
finishing the roads, and inviting a connection with
them, thereby facilitating the commerce of the
country. And not only will they be thankful to
me, but they will contribute much to the pros-
perity of the States of Tennessee, Kentucky, and
Ohio, m opening a new market to their pork, bag-
ging and rope, flour, and other productions. The
passage of this bill will be a matter of great satis-
faction to us, and of immense interest to the citizens
of those States which are particularly interested in
finding a market among us for their productions.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I ask my colleague
not to call the previous question, as I have an
amendment, which I want to propose to this bill.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
•2nd he it further enacted, That all the benefits and priv-
ileers granted to the Severn! railroads mentioned in this act, l
shall be extended lo the States of Alabama and Florida, for j
the railroad now beinjr constructed from Montgomery, Ala- [
bama, to Pensacola, Florida.
Mr. SINGLETON. 1 would ask the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Coke] what has become
of the Mississippi and Alabama railroad bill, which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands?
Mr. COBB. A very worthy gentleman on that
committee has charge of that bill, and has the in-
structions of the committee to report it.
Let me say, lest it might be considered that I
have acted hastily in reporting this bill, that I gave
way last session to two railroad bills—one of them
the Wisconsin bill, and the other the Minnesota
bill—and the fact of my yielding for that bill to be
reported in preference to this, while I really had
the floor to report my bill, is one great point with
which I have been charged. The House, at that
time, took action upon that bill.
And now let me say that, in offering this bill,
I offer a bill a part of which, so far as the appro-
priation of land is concerned, is the second bill
that was ever offered, or prepared to be offered, to
the Congress of the United States containing that
proposition. Since it was first brought forward
millions of acres of land have been granted to
other States for similar purposes.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I ask my colleague to
yield me the floor to make a statement to the
House.
Mr. COBB. Oh, yes; certainly.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I only wish to say a
few words in relation to the bill now before the
House. The amendment which I have offered is
to appropriate lands to the town of Montgomery,
and the city of Pensacola, which are distant from
each other some one hundred and sixty or one
hundred and seventy miles. A large portion of
the region between these places possesses no
public lands. The line of railroad runs through a
rich and fertile country, and the lands are already
sold. The lands asked for by this amendment
are worthless to the General Government, and are
worthless to the State; they can never be sold
until some improvement is made in them. There
are no inhabitants there, but gophers and sala-
manders. It is a country which, in its present
condition, cannot be settled. But if this amend-
ment be adopted the contiguous lands will be im-
proved, and then they will bring some profit to
the Government, and revenue to the State, as it
will afford the means of transporting timber which
cannot be made use of unless such means are pro-
vided. The Great Western railroad, from Girard
to Mobile, passes, for a great extent, through a
pine wood country, where the land is entirely
valueless. It has been in the market for thirty
years, and has not been sold. These lands have
recently, under the graduation act, been cut down
to twelve and a half cents an acre. Thousands of
acres of these lands have been sold lately , and the
balance is entirely useless, and will remain so for-
ever unless some improvement be made in the
country by which the lands can be made avail-
able. The Government may hold on to these lands,
but they cannot be sold unless such improvement
be made; which, if made, will bring immense
advantage to the State by giving it settlers, and
opening facilities for the sale of timber and tur-
pentine. This is not a favor to the State alone;
it is a favor as well to the Government. It will
be the means of bringing a revenue to the Gov-
ernment which it never otherwise could get.
I state these facts from my own knowledge, and
I hope that my character in this House will repel
distrust as to my statement. I am confident that
the Government will be benefited by the measure,
and every man knows the same who has any ac-
quaintance with that district of country. It is not
a gift presented by the Government without remu-
neration. The Government will find itself fully
remunerated when it comes to see the immense
quantity of land which it will bring into market,
and the value of turpentine and timber which will
be brought into market by it. It will render those
timbered lands very valuable. I know that there is
no speculation in any of these roads, and I know
that neither the Montgomery, nor the road from
Girard to Mobile, are to be constructed for merely-
speculative purposes. The road for which the aid
of the Government is now asked will prove a great
benefit to the planters of that section of the coun-
try, as it will open a means by which they may be
able to reach market. It is to run along the bor-
ders of a prairie country, where the roads are
almost impassable in therainy, unpleasant season
of the year, so that the best teams cannot carry
more than four or five bales of cotton at a time.
Recently $1,000,000 have been subscribed to the
stock of this road at Mobile, which will insure
its completion. There are twenty-two miles of
the road now in running order, and there are
twenty or thirty miles more which are under con-
tract. The road runs, a part of the way, through
