868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
a portion of the country that requires the aid of
the Government. If the southern part of the road
had as much population as the other portion haa,
they could build that section of the road without
asking the aid of the Government. The very
thing that prevents the building of the road is
the fact, that along a large portion of the line of
the road the-people are very poor, have not the
capital to subscribe for the stock. My colleague
has said so much upon this subject, that I feel
it unnecessary for me to add anything more in
regard to the necessity that exists for aid at the
hands of the General Government. I could say a
great deal more upon this question, to show the
advantage the country would derive from the con-
struction of this road, if it were necessary to do so.
I do not think that there has been a railroad bill
before the House where the Government would
derive a greater advantage, and be moire largely
benefited, than they would be by the passage of
the bill now under consideration.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the Chair if
the mornina: hour has not expired?
Mr. COBB. There is a motion I desire to make
in order to keep the bill from being entirely lost,
and I will now make it. I move, therefore, to
recommit the bill to the Committee on Public
Lands; and upon that motion I call for the previ-
ous question.
Mr. McDOUGALL, With the leave of the
gentleman from Alabama, I desire to offer an
amendment to the amendment. If the gentleman
will give me the opportunity to present it now, 1
will go with him for sustaining the demand for the
previous question; otherwise I hope the demand
for the previous question and the motion to recom-
mit the bill to the Committee on Public Lands,
will not be sustained.
Mr. COBB. T insist upon my demand for the
previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move, then, that
the rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itselfinto the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to understand
whether an amendment to the amendment is nov$
pending?
The SPEAKER. There is buta single amend-
ment to the bill, and that is offered by the gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr. Abercrombie.]
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment now pending.
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order, the
previous question having been demanded by the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb.]
Mr. JONES. Is my motion in order?
Mr. COBB. When I reported this bill, I did not
expect such a proposition as the gentleman from
California [Mr. McDougall] desires to submit.
Mr. HOUSTON. I insist upon the vote being
taken on the motion of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. JotfEs.]
Mr. PECK11AM. Has the motion of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee the preference of any other
motion before the House?
The SPEAKER. That motion has the prefer-
ence. If the House refuse to go into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, the
next question will be on secondingthe demand for
the previous question.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Jones's
motion; and it was decidednn the affirmative—
ayes 79, noes 53.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Hibbard in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of House bill (No. 569) making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1856, and for other purposes.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, offered the follow-
ing proviso, to come in at the end of line six hun-
dred and twenty-two:
Provided, The blank books, binding and ruling of the
same for the several executive department^, herein pro-
vided for,shall be furnished under the direction and super-
vision of the Superintendent of the Tublic Printing.
So that the clause would then read:
For paper and printing for the executive department*,
including the annual stateinentof commerce and navigation,
the Biennial Register, and annual estimates of appropria-
tions, $35,000: Provided, The blank books, binding and
ruling ot the same for the several executive departments,
herein provided for, shall be furnished under the direction
and supervision of the Superintendent of the Public Print-
ing:.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. MURRAY offered the following amend-
ment thereto:
To strike out "#35,000," and insert in lieu
thereof " $146,500."
Mr. MURRAY. I aend to the Clerk a letter
explaining the amend ment, which I move the read-
ingof.
The motion was agreed to; and the letter was
accordingly read, as follows:
Office Superintendent Public Printing, >
Washington, January 23,1855. $
Sir : I have the honor to submit, in order that they may
be laid before Congress, additional estimates for the print-
ing for the executive departments.
It will be seen, on referring to the letters from the Post
Office Department, (marked A and B,) that this Office could
not procure the information necessary to enable ine to in-
clude the printing for that Department in the regular esti-
mates prepared prior to the commencement of the present
session.
For the paper and printing for the Post Office Depart-
ment, agreeably to the schedule furnished by that Depart-
ment on the 16th of November, 1854, the sum of $3,250
will be required; and, agreeably to the schedule of the 18th
instant, the additional sum of $85,250; making together the
sum of $91,500.
The Post Office Department, on the 1st April, 1851, made
a contract for the printing of all blanks required for that
Department for the term of four years.
The printing act of 26th August, 185*2, (Sec. 13) pro-
vided that no contract then in force should be abrogated by
that act, and consequently the blanks for the Post Office
Department have been furnished up to this time by the old
contractors. That contractexpires on the 1st of April next,
and the Postmaster General has notified this Office of the
probable amount of paper required for such blanks. Upon
this are based the calculations of the appropriations neces-
sary for this work.
Until recently a large amount of printing has been exe-
cuted by persons who had contracts for binding blank books
for the various Departments. This printing consisted of
heading?, blanks, records, 8tc., and was a subject of sep-
arate charge—the person having such binding contract fur-
nishing the paper, printing, and binding, and obtaining his
payirom the contingent fund of the several Departments..
This class of printing is now, however, required to he
done in accordance with the provisions of the printing act,
which directs that all printing shall be executed by the
public printer.
Additional appropriations will be required for this ser-
vice.
As the existing contracts for the printing of the Post
Office Department will expire on the 1st of April next,
being three months before the expiration of the present fiscal
year, and as, from the causes above stated, there will be a
deficiency in the amount appropriated at the last session
for executive printing, it will be necessary to insert an
item in the civil and diplomatic bill, to the following effect:
For supplying a deficiency in the appropriation for the
printing of the executive departments, $32,875.
It will also be necessary to increase the appropration for
the priming for the executive departments, &c., from the
sum staled in line six hundred and twenty-two of the civil
and diplomatic bill, to $-146,500.
Very respectfully your obedient servant,
A. G. SEAMAN, Superintendent.
Hon. William Murray,
Chairman House Committee on Printing.
The question was then put; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. By an oversight, in draw-
ing up the bill, the words " assistant smelter and
refiner " were omitted from line six hundred and
twenty in the appropriation for the support of the
Mintat Philadelphia. I move that they be inserted
after the word " assayer."
The question was put; and the amendment was
agreed to.
The following clause being under consideration:
"For transportation of bul lion from New York assay office
to the United States Mint for coinage, $10,000"—
Mr. CUTTING moved to amend the same by
adding th£ following proviso:
Provided, All bullion required by law to be transmitted
from said office to the iVIint for coinage, shall, if pracucable,
be in the form of refined bars.
Mr. CUTTING. I will say to the committee
that a difference of opinion has arisen as to the
construction to be given to the act establishing the
assay office in New York.
Mr. CHANDLER. The gentleman willallow
me to interrupt him by a point of order, it is
that the amendment is not in order; not being ger-
mane to the matter at all.
M.r- CUTTING. Weil, I submit to the
Chairman that the amendment is just the thing.
The appropriation in the bill is $10,000 for trans-
portation of bullion from the New York assay
office to theUnited States Mint, and my amendment
provides that the bullion so transported shall, as
far as practicable, be in refined bars, which will
operate to require their being refined in New York.
The CHAIRMAN. If the amendment pro-
poses to change any existing law, it is not in order.
Whether it does so or not does notas yet appear.
Mr. CUTTING. I will go on with the explan-
ation, and, having only five minutes, I hope I
shall not be interrupted. I was saying, a differ-
ence of opinion has arisen as to the true construc-
tion of the law in relation to the functions of the
assay office in New York. By the original act,
establishing that office, its duties were to receive
bullion, to melt it, part it, refine it, assay it, and
then stamp the exact value upon the bar, or ingot,
into whicn it should be run.
The assay office went into operation, and for
six weeks received gold dust and bullion, and per-
formed those functions. At the expiration of
about six weeks the director of the Mint at Phila-
delphia raised a question for the consideration of
the Secretary of the Treasury. While it was
conceded that such were the functions of the office
in New York, it was insisted that where the
owner of gold, which was to be melted and re-
fined, delivered it to the office in New York, and
asked to receive for that gold refined bars, then
the office in New York was to perform all the
operation of refining; but if the owner of the gold
demanded pay in coin, then it was insisted that
all the New York office could do was to melt and
assay, and in that shape send the gold, partially
refined, to the Mint in Philadelphia, for the pur-
pose of having the process of refining, thus com-
menced in New York, completed in Philadelphia.
The Secretary of the Treasury decided that the
office in New York had the right to finish the
whole operation of melting and refining. He,
however, left Washington and went to Louisville,
and during his absence the Assistant Secretary of
the Treasury issued an order, suspending for
ninety days the power of the New York office to
do /nore than melt and assay, and prshibiting the
office from refining and running into bars, unless
the owner of the gold demanded pay in coin.
Subsequently that construction has been adhered
to.
In my opinion such a construction is contrary
to law, which I will take the liberty to read for
the purpose of letting the House see that it was
not the intention of Congress that this gold should
be simply melted in the New York office, and
then forwarded to Philadefphia to have the opera-
tion of refining completed; and I have not the
smallest doubt but that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury was right in the construction which he put
upon this act. 1 will ask the careful attention of
the committee while I read. By the tenth section
of the act it was provided " that the Secretary of
the Treasury is authorized and required to estab-
lish in the city of New York an office for the
receipt," and for what? "and for the melting,
refining, parting, and assaying of gold and silver
bullion, and foreign coin, and for casting the same
into bars, ingots, or disks."
Here, then, we have the functions of the office.
Here you have its duties. It is to perform al!
the operations of melting, refining, parting, and
assaying. [Here the hammer fell.l
Mr. CHANDLER. Does the Chair decide
that the amendment is in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is unable to
see that the amendment is out of order. The
question is one of fact for the committee.
Mr. SKELTON. The reading of the very act
by the gentleman from New York shows that the
amendment proposes to change the existing law.
Mr. CHANDLER. Of course it is an attempt
to change the existing law. If the Department
has authority it can decide on the question now.
If it has not we must pass a special act to enable
it to do it. I understood, from the Chair's pre-
vious decisions, that it was not in order to com-
mence any legislation in this bill; that we are only
appropriate by it money for certain purposes.
If it is the intention to argue the amendment, I
have another ground to take in my five minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. If the amendment propo-
ses to change the eonstructiongiven by the Depart-
ment to an existing law it virtually proposes a
change of that law. •
Mr. CUTTING. I will take the liberty of
saying this as to its being in order: An appropri-
ation is now proposed to be made for the trans-
portation of bullion from theNe w York aSBay office
