870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Mr. PARKER. I offer an amendment to strike
out all after the word "judges," and insert the
following;
Inclusive of deficiencies for the year ending the 30th
Jnne next, fill,668.
Mr. Chairman, this amendment becomes indis-
pensable because of the act which was approved
yesterday, regulating the salaries of the district
judges of the United States, and the acts creating
judges for the two new districts m Ohio and Illi-
nois. 1 have made the calculation carefully, and
the amount 1 propose is correct to cover the defi-
ciency for the current year, and the amount re-
quired for the next fiscal year.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The following clause was then read:
" For compensation of the district attorneys, $10,150."
Mr. HENN. I wish to offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the clause
just read:
And the district attorney of Utah shall receive the same
compensation as is now allowed by law to the distuct at-
torney for tile Territory of Oregon.
I will merely state that the amendment I have
offered does not provide for an increase of com-
pensation at all, but it allows the district attorney
of Utah the same fees as are now allowed by law
to the same officer in Oregon.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 rise to a question of order,
and I would ask if it is not changing a law?
Mr. HENN. Not at all. It simply allows
this officer in the Territory of Utah the same
compensation as is given to the district attorney of
Oregon.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not think that the
phraseology of the amendment is very clear. The
amendment makes use of the word " compensa-
tion" when it should say "fees," if 1 correctly
understand the meaning of the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. LETCHER. I would ask the gentleman
from Iowa to make the word " fees " instead of
" compensation."
Mr. HENN. I accept the modification.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment as modified; and it was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For repairs made in and furniture supplied for the court
rooms and office* of the circuit court and district judges,
the district attorney and marshal of the southern district of
New York, rendered necessary in consequence of the de-
struction of the court building by fire, $7,148 81.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like the gentleman
from New York to state when that debt was in-
curred ?
Mr. WALKER. During the recess of this
Congress.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is a general appro-
priation bill which is intended to cover this ex-
penditure.
Mr. CUTTING. There is no appropriation
covering this expenditure of money.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to say that, after the
destruction of the court-rooms and offices, in the
city of New-York, in which the business of the
judicial branch of the Government was carried
on, upon the motion of my colleague [Mr. Cot-
ting] a law was passed enabling the marshal,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, to hire new court-rooms and offices for the
district attorney, for the marshals, and for the
other functionaries engaged in that department of
the Government of New York, and to furnish the
same with the necessary furniture. The neces-
sary buildings were hired, and it then became
necessary that furniture and other articles for the
use of the court should be provided at once. They
were furnished by the marshal himself, and the
amendment I have offered is intended to meet the
actual expenses to which the marshal was sub-
jected for the purpose of fitting up these rooms;
and it was done with the greatest economy.
Mr. ORR. By whom has this account been
audited and vouched ? Has it undergone the
scrutiny of any committee?
Mr. WALKER. We have the certificates of
the judges of the courts of New York, and of the
district attorney there, that the work has been
performed. We have vouchers for this account
in the Department of the Interior, and the tes-
timony universally is, that the work has been
done, and the materials applied upon an econom-
ical scale.'
Mr. ORR. What response does the Secretary
of the Interior make? The papers must have been
left with him.
Mr. WALKER. The Secretary of the Interior
has never brought to the attention of Congress
anything relating to the subject, except that he
has expressed an embarrassment as to the extent
of his powers. If the gentleman from South Car-
olina will look at his letter, he will find that he
has expressed some embarrassment in reference
to a class of cases very similar to that now under
consideration, and to meet this embarrassment I
have introduced the amendment.
Mr. CUTTING. I understand the difficulty
to have arisen in this way: There was a great
and pressing urgency to furnish these new court
rooms, in order to keep the wheels of justice in
motion. By the direction, or by the order, if you
choose, of the judges of the court, the marshal
proceeded to purchase furniture of a very simple
and moderate character. The carpeting was what
is termed Scotch carpeting, and all the furniture
was of the plainest description. The officer in
New York, who furnished these articles, did so
upon his own responsibility, to the amount of
$>7,148 81, and they have ever since been in use
in the court-rooms, and the other offices. Although
the marshal acted in advance of his authority, as
the case was an urgent one, the Secretary of the
Interior, inasmuch as the order ought to have
emanated from him, and the vouchers returned to
him before the furniture was obtained, was unwil-
ling to act upon the subject, and thus no action
has been taken in the matter.
Now, I had an interview with the Secretary of
the Interior a few days ago upon this subject, and
that officer said it was right, proper, and just that
there should be an appropriation made for the
purpose of paying for the articles actually used;
and the only difficulty he had upon the subject
was this, he was notaware whether the prices paid
for these articles were too much or not. He sug-
gests that this appropriation should pass, with a
proviso that the vouchers should be adjusted and
allowed by the proper officer of the Treasury
Department. That was the only suggestion he
made, and with that proviso, he stated he consid-
ered that Congress should adopt this amendment.
Mr. ORR. The explanation of the gentleman
from New York is entirely satisfactory to me. I
think that whatever expenses have been incurred
ought to be paid. The thing which struck my at-
tention was the fact that the amendment proposes
to pay a specific amount when the expenditures
have not undergone the scrutiny of a committee,
and was to be paid without referring the matter to
the officers of the Treasury.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from New
York, and the gentleman from South Carolina,
will turn to page forty-six of this bill, they will find
there a very large item of appropriation, intended
to cover precisely this sort of cases, if the marshal
has conformed himself to the law.
Now, sir, in the purchase of all the furniture
intended for the court-room, my understanding is
that the marshal is first to get permission from the
Secretary of the Interior to purchase, and then his
vouchers are made up by himself, certified to
by the court, and the Secretary passes upon the
amount according to those vouchers. Why it is
that this case does not come within the ordinary
law, I cannot understand.
Mr. CUTTING. I assure the gentleman it
arises—and I speak from personal knowledge after
conversation with the Secretary—from no circum-
stances other than those I have already stated.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not hear the gentle-
man's statement.
Mr. CUTTING. If it is the pleasure of the
committee, I will explain it again. I explained
the matter to the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Orr] to his satisfaction.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think it is a bad practice
to make special appropriations for particular ex-
penditures, when there is a general item of appro-
priation out of which it could be paid. The dif-
ficulty in my mind is, why it has not been adjudi-
cated by the Department and paid there, if there
has not been some conflict of conduct of the mar-
shal with the provisions of the existing law.
Mr. CUTTING. I will state to thegentleman
that the reason why the Secretary of the Interior
did not pass this amount, and pay for the furni-
ture which is actually in use, was that, in his
judgment, the marshal was a little too quick in
furnishing the court-room. He ought first to have
sent the estimate for the necessary expenses, and
obtained the consent of the Department. He
neglected to do that, and, under the circumstances,
the Secretary of the-Interior refuses to audit the
account, at the same time that he agrees it ought
to be paid.
Mr. HOUSTON. That state of facts is pre-
cisely what I apprehended. The marshal has
contracted for furniture not in pursuance of law,
and therefore his vouchers cannot be audited.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the amendment is for the payment
of a private claim, and nothing more or less.
Mr. CUTTING. It is for the payment of
property now used by the Government.
Mr. LETCHER. But it was bought by a
gentleman without authority of law, and he now
comes here and asks for payment.
Mr. CUTTING. And shall the Government
have and use this property, and not pay for it?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not able to
see that it is a private claim, and therefore he
overrules the point of order.
Mr. ORR. I propose an amendment which I
think will be acceptable. I think the appropria-
tion should be passed with the amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Provided. That the vouchors shall be submitted to the
Secretary of the Interior, and the expenses approved by
hnri.
Mr. WALKER. I accept the amendment.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment as amended; and it was agreed to.
Mr. MAY. I think this is the place to which
I should offer the amendment which I send to the
Clerk.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
Page thirty-two, after line seven hundred and fifty-three,
insert:
For one bundled and fifty copies of volume sixteen of
Howard's Report of the Decisions of the Supreme Court of
the United States, famished by the reporter thereof to the
said Department, for distribution according to existing laws,
$1,300.
Mr. BRIDGES. I propose to amend that
amendment by increasing the number of copies to
four hundred and eighty-three."
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 rise to a point of order.
I submit that the amendment is out of order. The
Chair ruled it out the other day.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inquire
if the law now limits the number?
Mr. BRIDGES. There is no law limiting the
number.
Mr. MAY. The law does fix it.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment offered by
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Mat] is to
carry out an existing law. As I understand, it is
designed to authorize the publication of the second
volume of the Reports of the Decisions of the
Supreme Court, when the court has transacted
an amount of business so large that the judges
may deem it proper to direct the clerk to publish
a second volume, for the reason that one volume
will not contain the reports of the term.
Mr. MAY. The volume has been published.
Mr. HOUSTON. It has been published then,
and the gentleman's amendment is not in order
as an amendment to this amendment, as the num-
ber is fixed by law.
Mr. BRIDGES. I withdraw my amendment,
as I was laboring under uti error. I supposed the
amendment of the gentleman from Maryland re-
ferred to Alden's Index to the Decisions of the
Supreme Court.
The question was then taken upon Mr. May's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. SINGLETON. I offer the following
amendment. After line seven hundred and fifty-
seven add the following:
For completing and furnishing a court room, jury rooms,
a clerk's office, and other necessary and proper apartments,
for holding the United States Citcuit Couir. in the bmlding
now in process of erection in the city of Jackson, Missis-
sippi, and known as the City Hall, the sum of 820,000:
Provided, The Secretary oft he Interior shall have, from the
authorities of the city of Jackson, a sufficient guarantee
tliat these apartments shall be used in perpetuity for the
purposes aforesaid.
Mr. HOUSTON. For the purpose of saving
the time of the committee, I make a point of order
upon that amendment.
