1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
871
Mr. SINGLETON. I hope the gentleman will
not raise the point of order until I shall have made
a few remarks in explanation of this amendment.
It is not often that I venture to trouble the House
with anything I may desire to say, and do not
like to be ruled off so unceremoniously. In expla-
nation, then, I would say, that the proposition
contained in this amendment has been before the
Committee on the Judiciary,and after reading and
examining the petition of the city council of Jack-
eon, and numerous other citizens, including the
United States circuit judge, the marshal of the
district, and others, and learning the facts which
were laid before them by myself, that committee
agreed unanimously to report a bill asking the
appropriation to be made. That bill is now in the
hands of the chairman of that committee, and his
report on it is only delayed because he has not
been able to obtain leave of the House to offer it.
From the present state of the business before this
body, I greatly fear that he may not be able to
make it at all during the session, and henee 1 de-
sire this amendment to the civil and diplomatic
bill.
It may be proper here to explain, further, that
the United States circuit court has been held in the
City Hall, a public building erected by the enter-
prise and capital of the citizens of Jackson, un-
aided, so far as I am aware, by the General Gov-
ernment. This court would have continued to
hold its sessions there, and this application would
never have been made, but for the fact that this
building became unfit for that use, from the walls
giving way for the want of a proper foundation.
It became dangerous to occupy it, and it was
deemed necessary to pull it down, that another
and a more permanent one might be erected in its
place. It has been removed, and a new one com-
menced, and the work pushed forward by the
enterpiise of the citizens of Jackson and vicinity,
until it is now almost or quite ready for the roof-
ing. In this new hall is a large court-room,
clerk's office, jury rooms, and other apartments,
to be dedicated to the use of that court. The city
has been scourged, for two summers past, with
yellow fever, which has interrupted, to some ex-
tent, the business matters of the place, and forced
upon the citizens the necessity of making provis-
ion, out of their own means, for taking care of the
indigent sick, which, together with the revulsion
in money matters, has retarded the work and de-
layed its completion. I may here say that sev-
eral terms of the court have failed to be held for
the want of suitable rooms. The city of Jackson
and the State of Mississippi are not alone inter-
ested in the regular sessions of said court. Many
who have never been in the State have a deep in-
terest in it; and it therefore becomes a matter of
public concern that the court should set regularly.
It is but right, sir, that the General Government
should lenda helping hand, as it hasdone inother
cases; and I shall take it as a personal kindness,
as well as a public benefit, if the committee will
allow this amendment to be made. The question
of order will be made upon me, but I trust the
committee will vote it down.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order.
This is a proposition to build a court-house; and ,
if it be ruled in order, there will be at least fifty I
or one hundred of a similar character submitted.
Mr. SINGLETON. I think not. I hope the
gentleman will withdraw his point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out. _
Mr. SINGLETON. From that decision of the
Chair I take an appeal. .
The question was put; and, on a division, there
were—ayes 68, noes 28.
Mr. SINGLETON. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Singleton
and Fuller were appointed.
The question was taken; and the decision of the
Chair was sustained, the tellers having reported-
ayes sixty-six, noes not counted.
Mr. KEITT. I ask the consent of the com-
mittee to return to the seven hundred and fifty-
ninth line of the bill, where I have the following
amendment to propose:
For continuing the work's forsupplying the city ofWash-
ington with water, $500,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee, having
passed that portion of the bill, it is not in order to
return to it, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. BRIDGES. 1 object to going back.
The next paragraph was read:
"Forseamen's wages,repairs, supplies,and incidental
expenses, of torty-nme light-vessels, .^1S6,861 23."
Mr. WADE. I move to insert after that clause:
Tor housing, keeping in order and manning the life-boat
kept at the harbor of Cleveland, Ohio, $250.
I wish simply to say that the life-boat kept at
Cleveland will be rendered unfit for use, unless
some appropriation is made for keeping it in or-
der, and for housing and manning it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would inquire if there is
a life-boat kept at Cleveland by the Government ?
Mr. WADE. There is.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it not provided for in this
bill ?
Mr. WADE. No, sir; there is no general ap-
propriation made by law for keeping these life-
boats in order; but an appropriation is much
needed in this particular case.
Mr. HAVEN. If the gentleman from Ohio
will allow me, I will explain to the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means how this
matter stands. Last year an appropriation was
made to furnish the upper lakes with life-boats.
Some of these boats had been sent to the lower
lakes before. Before any of these boats were sent
out, it has been the custom of the Secretary of the
Treasury to require some responsible man to give
bond that they should be safely housed, and taken
care of, and returned to the Government when
called for without further expense.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then this amendment is not
in order, and 1 object to it.
Mr. WADE. I do not know how that is. I
believe, however, that it is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. It is the opinion of the
Chair, from the statement of the gentleman from
New York, that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. WADE. I take an appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair.
The question, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
taken, and decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment ruled out of order.
The next item was read:
" For continuing the construction of the light-house on
Ship shoal, Louisiana, to take the place ot the light-vessel
at that point, $30,000."
Mr. SMYTH, of Texas. I move to amend by
adding, at the end of that clause, the following:
For continuing the appropriation made the 3d of March
1853, for a first-class light-liousc at the mouth of the Sabine,
river, §30,0u0.
I send to the Clerk a communication from the
Secretary of the Light*House Board, which I ask
to have .read.
The communication was read, as follows:
Treasury Department, ' >
Office Light-House Board, December 23, 1854. $
Sir- In reply to your communication of the 20th instant,
I have the honor to state, for your information, that the site
at Sabine Pass has been selected, the illuminating apparatus
received, and the district inspector i* now negotiating with
the owner of the land for the purchase of the necessary
^ The work will not be delayed a day after the land is pur-
chased and the title approved by the United States Attor-
ney General in conformity to law.
Efforts have been malum? for a year to get the nccessary
qur-ntity of land. From a late letter from the inspector,
strong hopes are felt that the negotiations will be brought
to a successful is^up at an eaily day, it not already coin-
pleted. A ery A JENKINS, Secretary.
Hon. Geoeoe W. Smyth, Bouse of Representatives.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. I
offer the following amendment:
For continuing the system of protecting human life from
shipwreck, as heretofore established, by lue-boats and other
means, on the coast of Massachusetts, the sum of £10,000,
said money to be expended by the Boston Humane Society,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury.
A petition from the Boston Humane Society
has been before the Committeemen Commerce,
and they offer this amendment in answer to its
prayer. There are forty-three life-boats on that
coast, some of which are suitable for the purpose
intended, and some of which are not. Last year
we appropriated $20,000 for the New Jersey
coast, certainly not a greater extent of coast
than this is to provide for. The object is to pro-
vide a better class of boats to supply the place of
some of the old ones, and also to supply other
means of saving life which have come into use
since the present system was established. One
grant has heretofore been made by the Govern-
ment to this Society for this purpose, and boats
have been furnished for which bonds have been
given under the law. The Committee on Com-
merce believe the appropriation to be necessary,
and I hope the House will grant it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer an amend-
ment, to come in after line eight hundred and
nine-nine, as follows:
For continuation of custom-house at Charleston, South
Carolina, $200,000.
For continuation of custom-house at New Orleans, Lou-
isiana, $275,000.
'Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for the reading of th 
letter, which I send up to the Clerk's desk.
The letter was read, and is as follows:
Treasury Department, February 3,1855.
Sir: Omission having been made, in the estimates of
appropriations, of the amounts required in the construction
of the Charleston and New Orleans custom-houses during
the year ending June 30, 1856,1 have the honor to state
that such amounts will be as follows, viz:
For the continuation of Charleston custom-house,
$200,000,
For the continuation of New prleans custom-house,
$<275,000.
i have the honor to be, very respectfully,
JAMES GUTHRIE, Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. George S. Houston, Chairman of the Committee of
Ways and. Means, House of Representatives.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. CHANDLER. I offer the following
amendment:
For completing the shelter or harbor at Reedy Island, in
the Delaware, $30,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. I submit that that amend-
ment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not see
the pertinency of the amendment to this part of
the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Chair allow me
one word before he decides the question of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear the
gentleman.
Mr. CHANDLER. The amendment which
has just been adopted lacks any quality of being
germane as much as this does. The property of
the United States is going to decay, and this ap-
propriation ought'to be made.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am very anxious to have
that amendment adopted; but I am also very soli-
citous to go on with the bill, and quite unwilling
to place myself in opposition to the Chairman. I
will not, therefore, appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. BENSON. I move to insert after the last
amendment, adopted on the motion of the gentle-
man from Alabama, the following:
To complete the custom-house at Both, Maine, $10,000.
Mr. LETCHER. Is that amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the custom-house at Bath, Maine, has been
commenced, and is not, therefore, prepared to rule
the amendment out of order.
Mr. BENSON. Mr. Chairman, I heard the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
remark, since I offered my amendment, that this
was something like the tenth time that there had
been an appropriation to complete this custom-
house. Having heard that remark, a great error
in point of fact by the way, there having been
but four appropriations in all for the custom-house
and post office at Bath, including the purchase of
the site. I ask the honorable gentleman to listen
to what I mny say, for I have the fullest confi-
dence in being able to satisfy him and a majority
of the committee that this appropriation should
be made. , . _ , _
I hold in my hand a letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury, which I will send to be read at
the Clerk's desk, assigning the reason why the
amount which he recommended last year, $20,(Jill),
was not enough, and stating that the building can
be finished complete for the additional sum of
^'i will' not trouble the committee with the sta-
tistics in detail, which I have at hand, showing
the importance of Bath collection district. I can
show that the amount of duties for the year■ 1&>4
collected was $36,828 45, and on goods m bonds
over $73,000; that ninety-two vessels entered
