1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
875
statement of the gentleman from New York. The
five minutes allotted to the gentleman from Maine
have expired, and the reading of the papers can-
not be proceeded with.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Now that that
paper has been read, I submit a question of order
to the Chair. The gentlemen who wrote it, Mr.
Robertson, says that he had an interview with
Mr. Guthrie on the subject of the establishment of
a hospital at Havana, and the Chair will admit
that if this was a proposition to build a hospital
in the United States, it would not be in order.
Mr. FULLER. The amendment says nothing
about a hospital.
Mr. JONES. It does not say a hospital, but it
Bays to provide accommodations, medical attend-
ance, and so forth. Now, there is no law author-
izing; anything of that sort.
Mr. PULLER.' Does the gentleman from Ten-
nessee deny the fact that for a series of years
there have been funds appropriated for the pur-
pose of taking care of seamen at the port of Ha-
vana ?
Mr. JONES. I do not, but it comes in in one
general appropriation.
Mr. WHEELER. Is this discussion in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. WHEELER. Then I object to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not very
clear in regard to the question whether this amend-
ment is authorized by existing law. It is a ques-
tion of construction. The Chair is not prepared
to decide the amendment out of order and thinks
it better to leave it to the decision of the committee.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire now to reply to the
remarks of the gentleman from Maine.
The CHAIRMAN. Then thegentleman from
Virginia appeals from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman, this is an
age of progress 
Mr. CAMPBELL. Is the motion to rise de-
batable ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. LETCHER. I have the floor. I have
taken no appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the floor could not
be taken from the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Chair recognized me,
and entertained my motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair then supposed
that the gentleman from Virginia had taken an
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman, this is an
aire of progress. We some time ago decided, under
the guidance of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Fdi-ler,] that it was perfectly constitutional to
build a light-house outside of the United States.
Mr. EDGERTON. I rise to a question of or-
der. My question of order is this, that the debate
having been closed upon this bill, it is only com-
petent for a member to offer an amendment and
speak in favor of it, and for another to speak
against it.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, who has spoken (
against this amendment?
Mr. EDGERTON. Three or four gentlemen
have done so.
Mr. LETCHER. Not at all. It was the ques-
tion of order they were debating.
The CHAIRMAN. The discussion has been
upon the question of order.
Mr. LETCHER, (resuming.) The same gen-
tleman from Maine comes here to-day and has
letters from the Treasury Department read, which
propose to build a hospital outside of the United
States.
Mr. FULLER. I beg to correct the gentle-
man. . ,
Mr. LETCHER. It is stated in Mr. Robert-
eon's letter that they want a hospital at Havana.
Mr. FULLER. That is not the point. It is
my amendment the gentleman should speak to,
and the amendment does not propose to build a
hospital, anywhere.
Mr. LETCHER. It proposes to give this
money to an officer of the Government to expend,
and it does not say whether he shall expend it on
a hospital or expend it in some other way.
Now, sir, I suppose that this is somewhat in
anticipation of annexation. They say Cuba is
almost a ripe pear, and it may be that it will Tall
into our laps now, and that the gentleman from
Maine and the Secretary of the Treasury are
merely taking steps to provide a hospital there in
advance, before we get the island. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
I cannot consent, at this late stage of the evening
and of the session, that a debate on the annexa-
tion of Cuba should be brought in. [A laugh ]
Mr. LETCHER. I shall have done directly.
I should have been through long ago if the gentle-
man had not interrupted me.
Mr. HOUSTON. But then other gentlemen
will want to follow the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. LETCHER. They cannot. This is the
last speech that can be made on the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, I object to this de-
bate.
Mr. LETCHER. It may be that when the
difficulty comes about getting Cuba, there may
have to be a fight, and the gentleman from Maine
wants to provide a hospital for the sick and dis-
abled, and wounded 
Mr. HOUSTON. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I have done.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
Thecommittee accordingly rose; and theSpeak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the Union generally, and particularly
House bill (No. 569) to provide for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending 30th June, 1856, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. DAWSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution. It
is merely a resolution calling for information, and
will not be objected to.
The resolution was reported, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he
is hereby, requirpd to inform the Hou^e, as soon as practi-
cable, what quantity of land will probably be required to
sausfy the claims provided for by the bounty land bill re-
cently passed by the Senate of llie United States, and now
pending before tins House.
There being no objection, the question was
taken on the resolution, and it was adopted.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is usual, I believe, Mr.
Speaker, to celebrate the 22d of February, the 8i,h j
of January, and the 4th of July. To-morrow j
being the anniversary of the birth-day of Wash- :
ington, I move that when the House adjourns, it
adjourn to meet on Friday.
[Cries of "Oh, no!" "No!"]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I want to appeal to
the gentleman from Ohio to withdraw his motion.
The best way to celebrate the birth-day of Wash-
ington is to attend to the business of the country.
Any other way would only lead to headaches and
other disorders. [Laughter.]
Mr. ORR. We cannot spare time for this pur-
pose.
The motion was not withdrawn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
REBECCA HINTON.
Mr. SAPP. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take from the Speaker's table Senate
resolution No. 38, forthe purpose of having it put
upon its passage. I would say to the House that
I have not heretofore occupied a single moment
of the time of the House. The measure which
1 now wish to have passed takes no money what-
ever out of the public Treasury.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. It is evident that
there is not a quorum here, and I therefore move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana The gentleman
from Indiana has not the floor to make that
motion.
Mr. DAVIS (at the request of Mr. Sapp)
withdrew his motion to adjourn.
The resolution was reported by the Clerk, as
follows:
Senate resolution (No. 38) for the relief of Re-
becca Hinton.
The resolution, which was read, authorizes the
United States district attorney for the district of
Ohio to settle a suit now pending in the circuit
court of that district against the bail of Otixo Hin-
ton, and to discharge the bail bond on payment of
$1,000 and the taxable costs of said suit.
Mr. McMULLIN. I object to this resolution
being put upon its passage now, and I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. McMULLIN subsequently, at the solici-
tation of Mr. Sapp, withdrew his objection and
the motion to adjourn.
The report was read. It appears therefrom
that, at the term of the circuit court of the United
States for the district of Ohio held in July, 1850,
Otho Hinton was indicted for purloining a letter,
containing a draft and a small sum of money,
from the United States mail; that afterwards, in
1851, Messrs. Powell & Moore gave bond for his
appearance in the sum of $10,000; that Rebecca
Hinton, the wife of said Otho Hinton, having a
separate estate, of the value of $9,000,in the handa
of a trustee for her separate use for her life, with
remainder to her daughters, was induced to join
with her daughters and said trustee in conveying it
to the bail for their security in orderto relieve her
husband from imprisonment. The husband after-
wards fled beyond the jurisdiction of the court,
forfeiting his bail bond, and subjecting his wife
and daughters to the loss of all, or nearly all, their
estate. They had no other object in view, it is
alleged, than to enable him to prepare his defense
and prepare for trial. A suit being pending for
the recovery of the forfeited bail, the committee
reported the resolution for the "purpose of dis-
charging the bond on payment of ยง1,000 and the
costs.
[Cries of " Gluestion!" " (Question !"]
The question being on ordering the resolutionto
a third reading, it was ordered to a third reading,
and being accordingly read a third time, it was
Mr. SAPP moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
COLONEL FULLER'S REPORT.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I ask forthe adop-
tion of the following resolution, and I am sure
nobody will object to it:
ResoM, That the Secretary of War be requested to
furnish the House with the report and accompanying maps
ot Colonel A. C. Fuller's late survey of the Red river, la
the region ot the raft.
The question was taken; and it was decided ill
the affirmative.
So the resolution was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Asbury Dickiks, their Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed a joint res-
olution and bills of the following titles:
A resolution (No. 43) for the settlement of the
accounts of the late Governor Burt;
An act (No. 273) to authorize and facilitate the
construction of a northern, a southern, and a cen-
tral Pacific railroad and magnetic telegraph through
the Territories of the United States; and
An act (No. 677) for the relief of Mrs. J. Jo-
sephine McClellan,
In which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, a bill and resolution of the House, of
the following titles:
An act (No. 538) to establish an additional land
district in the State of Wisconsin; and
A resolution (No. 53) in favor of William Mon-
agan.
ELIJAH KING, DECEASED.--
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to present a case to
which, I am confident, no objection will be mads
upon the part of any member. It is the case of a
colored man who was manumitted by his master
in Virginia, and came to this city, but who died
here some sis months ago possessed of property
to the amount of $6,000 or $7,000., He has left a
wife and two children in Virginia in slavery, and
the object of this bill is to give to his wife and chil-
dren the estate left here, upon evidence that they
have been manumitted. There is no person now
to inherit this estate, except it be the Government
of the United States.
The bill was then read through by the Clerk, as
follows:
