1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
877
then to move that they be referred to a select
committee.
They present various phases of the slavery
question. In one, the petitioners ask that the pro-
tection of Congress may be extended to citizens
of one State traveling in another; in another, they
pray for the prohibition of the traffic in slaves
among the several States; in a third, they recom-
mend the abolition of slavery in this District; in
another, they insist on the repeal of the fugitive
slave act; in another, they demand that slaves be
no longer sold under judicial process for the pay-
ment of debts to the United States; in still an-
other, they remonstrate against payment, out of the
Federal Treasury, for the negroes of the Amistad,
who were declared freemen by the Supreme Court,
but claimed to be property by the Spanish Gov-
ernment; and in the last, they ask for the pro-
hibition of slavery and the slave trade in the Ter-
ritories of the United States.
These several petitions are signed, in part, by
the same, and, in part, by different individuals.
They were committed to ray charge by a gentle-
man of distinguished worth and high social po-
sition The signers are men of character and
substance, intelligent and patriotic. They have a
right to be respectfully and fairly heard.
I move the reference of these petitions to a select
committee for several reasons.
First, the importance of the general question of
slavery, which they present under different as-
pects, justifies such a reference. Nooneherecan
fail to observe the immense, not to say overpow-
ering, influence which slavery exerts over almost
every act of the Government. It was but yester-
day that the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Brodhead] invoked the aid of Senators from the
slave Slates against the proposed credits for duties
on railroad iron, and intimated, not obscurely, that
the loyalty of Pennsylvania to the South might
be affected by their refusal. To-day, the Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Stdaut] causes to be read, at
the Clerk's table, an act of the Legislature of his
State, for the protection of its inhabitants against
unlawful seizure, as evidence of the necessity of
prompt action upon his resolution of inquiry into
the necessity of providing United States jails at
Detroit. Thus, on every side, we confront this
question. Hardly a question, indeed, I ma.y say,
no subject comes before Congress which is not,
nearly or remotely, affected by considerations and
influences growing out of the institution of slavery.
No attempt to settle this slavery question has yet
succeeded. Adjusted byonecompromise.it de-
mands another; settled again, it is again renewed.
The very compromises by which it was adjusted,
are broken by its power. Such a question, so
important, ana so importunate, so pervasive, and
so controlling, certainly deserves the consideration
of a select committee.
Secondly, I submit that the ordinary rule of
legislative proceedings requires such a reference.
All memorials and all propositions, according to
the common course of parliamentary action,
should be referred to a favorable, or, at least, to
an impartial committee. Every Senator knows
that the standing committees of this body to
which these petitions might be otherwise appro-
priately referred, are so constituted, that the peti-
tioners could not expect from them even an impar-
tial, much less a favorable, consideration. A ref-
erence to a select committee is therefore necessary
to secure for these petitioners that candid and lib-
eral hearing which American citizens have a right
to demand from their national Legislature.
Thirdly, I beg Senators to consider whether
justice to brother Senators and members of the
other House of Congress, who share, in a greater
or less degree, the sentiments of these petitioners
does not require the reference which I propose.
It is very common to impute to certain Senatois, ,
myself among them, fanatical notions on the sub-
ject of slavery. A great deal of loose representa-
tion, and not a little gross misrepresentation of
our opinions, is propagated through the country.
Certainly, it is but fair, and I hope Senators from
all sections will agree in this, to give us an oppor-
tunity of stating, in the authentic form of a report,
our real views, and our plan for the final settle-
ment of this great question, to the consideration
of Congress and the country. Let it be seen
whether we are fanatics, or whether we are sin-
cere men, holding only in good faith the opinions
of Washington and Jefferson, of Franklin and
Adams, and seeking only their just and impartial
application to legislation and administration. We
are no longer inconsiderable in number here, and
we represent a majority of the voting population
of the Union. Under such circumstances, I re-
spectfully ask, how can a reference to a select
committee be denied with propriety or justice ?
Finally, sir, it is due to the people of the slave
States, and to the slaveholding class itself, that
this reference should be ordered. They ought to
have correct and authentic information as to the
views and purposes of those who agree in the gen-
eral with these petitioners. I have already said
that I believe they constitute at this moment a
majority of the electors of the country. Party ties
have hitherto restrained their action. But party
ties, as we have been made to see clearly, during
the debates of the last two days, visibly decay,
wax old, and are ready to vanish away. Instead
of the old parties, new organizations arise.
Through these new organizations, or over them,
the people will assert their supremacy; and the
people are against slavery. Under these circum-
stances, what interest can the slave States have in
suppressing the clear expression of distinct opinions
on this subject? Is it not better for them to know
what the opponents of slavery in the free States
really propose to do? Why should they fight
shadows and phantoms? Why not inform them-
selves accurately and carefully of real facts and
the actual situation? Surely, sir, it is best that
each section of the country should fully under-
stand what the other sections wish or propose in
reference to matters of such interest. If real
dangers exist they can be best encountered when
clearly seen and fully understood. If no real
danger exist, true information will dispel needless
alarms.
It is not my habit, Mr. President, to make long
speeches. I confess to some reluctance even to
make this motion, and to say what I have said.
But I seek no debate. I merely propose a refer-
ence, that a committee may consider and report.
For this sufficient time remains, and I trust that
my motion may be agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. It is very remarkable, if the
Senator from Ohio has had these petitions in his
possession for a long time, that he should have
been delayed up to this hour introducing them
before the Senate. Now, sir, there are hut eight
legislative days left for Congress, and there is a
vast amount of public business to transact; but
here, at the very heel of the session, he proposes
that we shall enter into a general discussion of the
subject of slavery. If it were desirable, at any
time, that we should discuss those questions to
which he has alluded, it would certainly be im-
proper now. It is manifestly improper, from the
fact that there isa large amount of business which
must be disposed of before we adjourn. I move,
therefore, that the petitions, with the pending
motion of the Senator from Ohio, be laid on the
table, where, I trust, they will sleep the sleep that
knows no waking.
Mr. SUMNER. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays. .
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 13; as follows:
YEA.S—Messrs. Bell, Benjamin, Bright, Brodhead,
Brown Butler, Clay, Clayton. Evans, Fitzpatrick, (Jeyer,
Cvvm, Hunter, Johnson, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory,
Mason, Morton, Petm, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields, blidell,
Stuart, Thompson ot Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toucey, Welter, and Wright-29.
NAYS—Messrs. Bramerd, Chase, Cooper, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Fessenden, Foot, Gillette, Hamlin, James,
Seward, Sumner, Wade, and Walker—13.
So the petitions were ordered to lie on the table.
ALTERNATION OF JUDGES IN FLORIDA.
Mr. GEYER. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred House bill to pro-
vide for holding the United States courts m the
northern and southern districts of Florida, in case
of the sickness or disability of either of the
judges of those districts, have directed me to
I report it back wiihout amendment, and to recom-
j mend its passage. I am requested by theSenators
I from Florida to ask for its present consideration,
il and I trust the Senate will agree to act upon it
now. . .
Several Senators. What is it?
Mr. MALLORY. This is a bill to authorize
the judges of the two districts in Florida to alter-
nate One has been indisposed, and cannot hold
his court. The object of the bill is only to allow
them to alternate. That is all that it provides for,
and surely there can be no objection to it.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded
to consider the bill as in Committee of the Whole,
It proposes to extend to the two judicial districts
of Florida the provisions of the act of Congress
approved July 29, 1852, entitled " An act to pro-
vide for holding the courts of the United States
in case of the sickness or other disability of the
judges of the district courts," and that the ap-
pointment of either of those judges to hold the
courts in the district of the other, in consequence
of sickness or disability, may be made by the
Chief Justice of the United States, or by the cir-
cuitjudge of an adjoining circuit. Notwithstand-
ing this, however, the certificate of a judge of either
district, certifying that he is unable, from sickness
or physical disability, to hold any regular, ad-
journed, or extra term of the courts of his district,
and requesting the judge of the other district to
hold them, shall, when filed in the clerk's office,
be sufficient to authorize the other judge to hold
the courts.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. EVANS. Mr. President, I have been
reminded by something that I have seen in the
morning papers, that this is the birth-day of Gen-
eral Washington, and I know of no more fit occa-
sion that can occur upon which to call up the bill,
which has now been for more than a year before
the Senate, to provide for the final settlement of
the claims of the officers of the revolutionary army,
and of the widows and orphan children of those
who died in the service. I presume every Sen-
ator has made up his opinion about that bill. I do
not propose to discuss it or to say a word upon it.
All that I desire is that there shall be a vote upon it.
Mr. CLAY. That bill must necessarily lead
to some debate, and I insist that it would be a
better economy of the public time to finish the bus-
iness on which we have been engaged.^ I must,
therefore, oppose taking up that bill until we dis-
pose of the business which we yesterday left un-
finished.
Mr. JOHNSON. Before voting on taking up
this bill, I should be very glad to hear it read, or
to hear something about it. If it is a general bill
which will lead to general debate, I must certainly
object to its consideration at this time.
Mr. EVANS. An hour and a half is wanting
before one o'clock will arrive—the hour when the
unfinished business of yesterday will regularly
come up. The bill which I have moved to take
up has been before the Senate since the 6th of
February, 1854, and if gentlemen havenotread it,
they never will read it.
Mr. CLAY. I will assist the Senator in taking
it up when we dispose of the unfinished business
of yesterday. - .
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand that this is a
general bill, and it is whispered around the Cham-
ber that it is an immense pension bill, which em-
braces millions of dollars. If that be the case, I
really think it ought not to be, and probably will
not be, passed without debate; and for that reason
I must object to taking it up now.
Mr. EVANS. Let us take up the bill, and see
whether it will lead to debate.
Mr. SEWARD called for the .yeas and nays
on the motion; and they were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, there is no
Senator in this body to whom 1 would render an
act of courtesy more cheerfully than to the Senator
who has submitted this motion; but I desire to
state the reason which will compel me to vote
against his motion, and which, 1 think, will excuse
me from all suspicion of a want of courtesy. It
is true that this bill involves the expenditure of
millions of dollars; it is equally true that I have
cooperated with that Senator in maturing it, and I
am disposed to vote for a measure embracing much
of what is included in his bill; but suppose we
take it up and pass it in the Senate, it is a bill
which can never be acted on m the House at this
session. It is consequently so much labor thrown
away. For that reason I must vote against the
m Mr"sEWARD. I beg leave to remind the
honorable Senator from Maine, and all other faen-
ators, that this is the 22d of February, and that
