878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
this is an old subject. It concerns the payment
of just claims ot the relics of the revolutionary
war, and we-cannot do a better thing than pass
the bill on this day, even though it should involve
the payment of a large amount of money.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 agree with the honorable
Senator from New York. This bill has been be-
fore the Senate for two sessions, but it has hardly
received the slightest consideration, although the
honorable Senator from South Carolina has re-
peatedly pressed itupon the attention of the Senate.
Now I think it is time to take it up. To do so is
not, as is supposed by the honorable Senator from
Maine, an act of courtesy: justice requires that
this bill should be acted upon. I hope it will be
taken up this morning.
Mr. 13RO WN. I wish to ask my friend from
South Carolina whether this is not a Senate bill
Has it ever passed the House?
Mr. EVANS. It has not passed the House;
but 1 have assurances, so far as the declaration of
persons are concerned, that it will pass the House.
Mr. BROWN. Well, sir, I do not think any-
body who knows anything about the House of
Representatives, supposes they will take up a
pension bill involving several millions of dollars,
and pass it within the next seven or eight days.
It is entirely out of the question; it is an utter
waste of time; and I shall, therefore, vote against
taking up the bill.
Mr. CLAY, t will ask the Senator from South
Carolina of how many millions of dollars he sup-
poses this bill will involve the expenditure? I
nave been advised that the amountwill not be less
than $5,000,000.
Mr. EVANS. On a former occasion I stated
that the best judgment which I could form* was
that it would require $3,000,000, the payment of
which would be scattered over a period of about
four years, giving a sum considerably less than
$1,000,000 a year, and not much more than half
your present pension list. I am bound in candor,
however, to say, that, from what I have since
learned as to the vigilance of pension agents, as
they are called, probably a still greater sum than
that may be required—possibly $4,000,000; but
even if every man who served in the war and re-
ceived his commutation shall be paid over again,
it will only amount to about $6,000,000. It can-
not exceed that.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
upon proceeding: to the consideration of the bill,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Brainerd,
Brouhead, Butler, Clavion, Cooper, Dawson, Evans,
Fessemien, Foot, Geyor, Gillette, Jaine", Morton, S< ward,
Shields, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Wade, Walker,
Weller, Wells, and WntjUt—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Chase, Clay, Fitzpatrick, •
Hamlin, Hunter, Johnson. Jones ofTennesseo, Mallory,
Mason. Pearce, Petut, Rusk, Sebastian, Slidell, and
Stuar(£-16.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
accordingly, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill to provide for
the final settlement of the claims of the officers of
the revolutionary army, and of the widows and
orphan children of those who died in the service.
Mr. WELLS. I move to amend the bill in the
fourth section, by striking out the words " and
have not since been provided for by any special
act of Congress.,, The connection in which
these words occur is,
" That those officers who were entitled to receive half-
pay for life under the resolutions aforesaid, and did not
receive the same, or the commutation in lieu thereof, and
have not since been provided for, by any special act of
Congress, shall be paid, " &c.
Mr. EVANS. I would prefer to amend the
clause so as to read, "and have not since received
their commutation under any special act of Con-
gress. " The reason for this alteration is, that
General Stark received some special provision
under an act of Congress, but it was not hi.-s com-
mutation. I have no objection to the amendment,
however; but if the clause were modified as I pro-
pose, it would be sufficiently provided for, and I
think my proposition would be better than to
strikeout the words.
The amendment of Mr. Wells was agreed to.
Mr. EVANS. There is a verbal amendment
necessary in the twelfth section where the word
"its" should be ** their." The word should be
plural instead of singular. The connection is,
"and all claims not presented with the evidence
for its adjudication within that time, shall be for-
ever barred."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill wa3 reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in. The bill was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, and was read
the third time. It proposes to pay the officers of
the army of the Revolution the half-pay for life to
which they were entitled under the resolutions of
Congress of October 21, 1780, January 17, 1781,
May 8,1781, and March 8, 1785, including assist-
ant surgeons, or surgeons' mates, who are to be
allowed the same as lieutenants, although they
may have received, in lieu of it, the commutation
of full pay for five years, under the resolution of
Congress of March 22, 1783.
It is to be the duty of the proper accounting
officer of the Treasury, when applied to for that
purpose, by any one who, by this bill, is entitled
to receive, or his or her guardian, to ascertain
what is due to any officer, from the time he be-
came entitled to half-pay until hi3 death, if that
occurred before the 3d day of March, 1826; but if
he died after that time, then up to the 3d day of
March, 1826. When the amount due to any officer
has been ascertained, the Secretary of the Treasury
is to pay it, after deducting the amount received
for commutation, under the resolution of March
22, 1783 Those officers who were entitled to
receive half-pay for life, under the resolutions men-
tioned, and did not receive it, or commutation in
lieu of it, are to be paid, on establishing their
rights to the satisfaction of the accounting officer.
The half-pay for seven years, promised by the
resolution of Congress of August 24,1780, to the
widows and orphan children of those officers, who
died in the service, is to be paid in like manner,
on proof to the satisfaction of the accounting offi-
cer; and the benefit of that resolution is to be ex-
tended to the widow and orphan children of all
officers who were killed in battle or died of wounds
received in battle, whether the officer belonged to
the Continental line, or any volunteer corps called
into service under the authority of any State; but
no payment is to be made under this provision
except to those specially described in that resolu-
tion.
The Secretary of War, under the direction, and
with the approbation of the President, is to pre-
scribe such rules of evidence as may be necessary
to carry into effect the provisions of the act, ac-
cording to its true intent and meaning. All pay-
ments made by its authority are to be without
interest. In every case satisfactory proof is to be
made that the person in whose name a. claim is
presented, is the bona fide owner, and that it has
not been sold, transferred, pledged, or mortgaged
to any person; and all sales, transfers, mortgages,
or pledges of any of the claims, are declared void.
All persons receiving the benefit of the act are
to receive it in full satisfaction of all claims, under
any of the resolutions of Congress recited in it,
and for all losses alleged to have been sustained by
depreciation in the value of commutation certifi-
cates. Ail claims not presented within ten years
after to be forever barred.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is, shall
the bill pass ?
Mr. CLAY. On that question I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered
Mr. SLIDELL. If I thought there was the
slightest probability of this bill being passed by
the House of Representatives I should feel myself
obliged to state the very many objections which I
have to it; but as I know the Senate is very anx-
ious to proceed to the consideration of other bus-
iness 1 shall simply content myself with recording
my vote in the negative.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I cannot allow this
bill to pass without making one remark to my
friend from South Carolina, the author of the bill.
I know that he sympathizes with me sincerely and
deeply in regard to a class of distinguished men,
some of whom fell in battle and others survived
for many long years after that contest, who were
not called into service either by the authority of
the General Government or by any State. If this
bill shall be passed, I shall at some future time, j
if I have the honor of a seat on this floor, intro-
duce a bill to do equal justice to those men; but I
will not now attempt to arrest the passage of this
measure by any debate, or by an attempt to amend
it, which might prove fatal both to the principal
object of the bill and of the amendment.
Mr. PETTIT. I wish to ask the Senator from
Tennessee whether this bill, by its provisions, or
by any construction which can be put upon it, will
allow payment to the Hessians, or the descendants
of the mercenary troops who fought against us in
the Revolution?
Mr. BELL. I presume not.
Mr. PETTIT. Has the Senator examined it
in reference to that-point?
Mr. BELL. I have examined it sufficiently to
see that it does not cover all the claims which
might very well be made.
Mr. EVANS. It covers no classes except those
to whom Congress promised half-pay.
The vote on the passage of the bill was—yeas
26, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Brainerd, Brodhead, But-
ler, Clayton, Cooper, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Evans,
Fessenden, Foot, Gillette, Hamhn, James, Jones of Iowa,
Jones of Tennessee, Morton, Seward, Shields, Sumner,
Thompson of Kentucky, Wade, Walker, Wells, and
Wright—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Clay, Fitzpatriek, Geyer, Hun-
ter, Johnson, Mason, Pearce, Petut, Pratt, Rusk, Shdell,
Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, and Weller—15.
So the bill was passed.
INVALID PENSION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone the prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the pension
appropriation bill. The Senator from Maine [Mr.
Hamlin] is anxious to have it disposed of, as he
may be called away to-morrow. 1 hope gentlemen
will give me at least until one o'clock to have the
biil disposed of. I think that by that time we
can finish it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope that it will
not be taken up now.
Mr. CLAY, I trust the Senate will first pro-
ceed with the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. STUART. I desire to dispose of the re-
port made yesterday from the committee of con-
ference on the swamp land bill, and yet I do not
wish to interpose against the motion made by the
Senator from Virginia. If the bill is likely to be
disposed of in the time which he anticipates, and
the Senate choose to take it up, I shall yield, and
vote to take it up, but, otherwise, I shall ask the
Senate to dispose of the privileged question to
which I have alluded.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope Senators will agree to
tuke up the pension appropriation bill. I think
we can dispose of it in an hour or less. There is
but a single point remaining on the bill to be set-
tled by our vote.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ac-
cordingly resumed the consideration of the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the second
amendment of tne Senate to the bill of the House
making appropriations for the payment of invalid
and other pensions of the United States, for the
year ending June 30, 1856.
The second amendment of the Senate was to
add:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the widows of
the officers, non-commissioned officers, marines, or mari-
ners, who served in the Navy of the United States during
the revolutionary war, and who were married since the 1st
day of January, 1800, shall be entitled to pensions in the
same manner, and to the same extent, as the widows of
office rs and soldiers of the army of the Revolution, under
the second section of the act of February 3, 1833; and the
pensions granted by this act, and those under said second
section of the act of February 3, 1853, shall commence on
the 4th of March, 1848.
The House agreed to this, with an amendment,
to strike out "and the pensions granted by this
act, and those under said second section of the act
of February 3, 1853, shall commence on the 4th
of March, 1848." The question is on concurring
m this action of the House, as recommended by
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I hope the
Senate will not concur in the amendment recom-
mended by the Committee on Finance. I was
not present at the time when the original amend-
ment was adopted by the Senate. I was then at
my home, but I read thedebates which took place
on that occasion. If I am not mistaken, many-
Senators concurred in the propriety of the amend-
ment, but objected to it only as being out of place.
That objection I think, can no longer obtain. It
has been attached to the bill by the Senate, and
most of our amendment has been concurred in by
the House, and the question now remains whether
the Senate will recede from their former vote, or
