1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
879
will insist upon their whole amendment. It is an
important amendment, and I ask the attention of
the Senate while I state, as briefly as I can, and
much more briefly than was my original inten-
tion, the reasons which I think should, with all
propriety, induce the Senate to insist upon their
former amendment.
By the original law, pensions were granted to
the widows of revolutionary officers and soldiers
who were married prior to 1783. There was a
good reason for fixing the time in 1783, because
the soldiers prior to that date were absent from
their families, and those widows were necessarily
compelled to discharge duties towards the family
which were more onerous, responsible, and bur-
densome to them than those who were married
after the war. By the law of 1848 the time lim-
iting the marriage to 1783 was extended to 1800,
and the .act of 1848, which I have now before me,
provided that the widows of every revolutionary
officer, soldier, mariner, or any Indian spy, mar-
ried prior to the 1st of January, 1800, should be
entitled to that pension to which her husband
would have been entitled, if alive. That was
fixing an arbitrary line, excluding entirely every
person married subsequent to 1800, while it allowed
a pension to every widow who was married prior
to 1800.
In 1853, when the bill extending the five years
pensions of the widows of those officers and sol-
diers was before the Senate, sitting here in my
place, I drafted an amendment very hastily and
sent it to the Chair, which was adopted by a large
vote of the Senate. It was one which gave a pen-
sion to the widows of those who served in the
revolutionary army only, omitting, by mistake,
mariners and marines. The provision including
the widows of mariners and marines has now been
adopted by the Senate, and concurred in by the
House. Allow me, at this point, to read the sec-
tion of the act of 1853 to the Senate:-it is very
brief:
"That the widows of all officers, non-commissioncd
officers, musicians, and privates, of the revolutionary army,
who were married subsequent to January Jlnno Domini
1800, shall be entitled to a pension in the same manner as
those who were married before that date."
What was the meaning, what was the intention
of the Senate in adopting that section? for I con-
tend that our amendment to this bill, if insisted
upon and adopted by the two Houses, is but sim-
ply explanatory of what is, in fact, the true
meaning of that section of the act of 1853, and
what was intended by Congress to be its true
meaning at the time of its adoption. That sec-
tion provides that those widows who were mar-
ried subsequent to 1800, should receive the pen-
sion "in the same manner" as those who were
married prior to 1800. Does the construction
which has been put upon the law by the Secretary
of the Interior give to the widows who were mar-
ried subsequent to 1800, pensions in the same
manner as those who were married prior to that
date? Certainly it does not.
I am sorry that the Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Botler] is not no w in his seat; but I recollect,
distinctly, and I doubt not other Senators will
recollect, that when this section was under discus-
sion in the Senate, that Senator objected to it
because it might be construed by the Department
as going back to 1836. It was, however, adopted
by the Senate. It went to the House, and the
House non-concurred in our amendment. A
committee of conference was agreed upon between
the two branches. I was myself upon that com-
mittee of managers. While the subject was under ;
consideration by the managers between the two j
Houses of Congress, I went to the then Secretary I
of the Interior, and submitted the proposition to i
him for his consideration; and he stated to me, in ]
terms, as he would state if he were here, that his
construction would be that the section would take
effect from 1848. Acting under that direct assur-
ance of the Secretary of the Interior that he would
give that construction to it, the committee of con-
ference on the part of the Senate agreed to the
section in the words in which it was passed, [
under the belief that it would go back to 1848, but j
not to 1836. It passed in that way, with the
assurance of the Department to the committee of
managers that such a construction would be given |
to it. The Secretary of the Interior, at that time, !
was a citizen of Virginia, [Mr. A. II. H. Stuart. ] ■
Before any case was officially presented to the 1
Department, under that act, for its consideration,
he had retired from office, and the present Secre-
tary was appointed in his place. The present
Secretary has given to it the construction which
now prevails, and, I doubt not, with a full belief
on his mind, that, if he committed an error, it was
one which Congress would certainly remedy and
correct.
_ Now, sir, look at the language of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions in the letter which he has sent
to us on this subject. The Committee of Ways
and Means of the House did not see fit to ask the
Department its opinion as to the amount of money
that would be required to carry it out if it should
take effect, as Congress designed and intended that
it should, and as the fair import of the language
implies, according to my construction of it. What
says the Commissioner of Pensions? Mark, sir,
the very language of this letter is a quasi recom-
mendation in favor of the adoption of this provision
of the Senate; for, after stating in his letter the
data required by the Committee of Ways and
Means, an estimated number of pensioners, and
the amount required upon that estimated number
to be paid from the Treasury to satisfy those pen-
sions, he
" I have thus endeavored to answer your inquiries as con-
cisely as possible, and while I would not urge one objection
to the adoption ofthls amendment, I would most earnestly
reqnpst that, in case the House of Representatives concur
with the Senate, you will take the propq^measures to have
the bill for the payment of in valid and other pensions further
amended, so as to appropriate a sufficient bum to meet the
increased demand under tins act, which will be not less
than $1,000,000."
I thir.k the language itself is pregnant with
meaning.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator read the
whole letter?
Mr. HAMLIN. I have stated substantially
what the whole letter is. It states that the whole
number of persons who would be entitled to a
pension, under the provision of the Senateamend-
ment, is estimated at two thousand nine hundred;
and he estimates the amount of pension to each
as equal to eighty dollars; and then he says, that
if you allow the act of 1853 to take effect from
1848, about $1,181),000 will be required; but in his
concluding paragraph he limits the appropriation
which he usksto $1,000,000, which, I take it, is the
sum necessary to carry out the provisions of the
law if it should take effect from 1848.
This, then, is the true statement of the case:
Congress passed a law which their debates show
they intended should take effect from 1848, and
that it should simply remove an odious, an im-
proper, and an unjust discrimination between wid-
ows who were married prior, and those married
subsequent, to 1800. The committee of conference
of the two branches, taking the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior at that time, as to what
would be the true construction given to that lan-
guage, recommended it with that purpose. Now,
it is simply for the Senate to say whether they
will insist upon what was clearly the intention of
the law of Congress, and what is the meaning of [
the law, fairly interpreted, upon its face; and
whether, in doing that, they will adopt a system
which will place all the widows of our revolution-
ary soldiers upon terms of equality; or whether
they will say to one widow, who was married on
the last day of December in 1799, " You shall be
entitled to a full pension;" while the widow who
was married on the first day of January, 1800,
shall not receive one farthing for the four or five
years, when the other widows were entitled to,
and did receive, their pensions.
This is the true state of the case. I do not pro-
pose to take up the time of the Senate in elabor-
ating it. It is a case that, in my judgment, com-
mends itself to the good sense of this body.
I do sincerely hope the Senate will insist upon
their former vote, and let the matter go back to
the House of Representatives. 1 wish that it may
go back, even without a request for a conference,
for the reason that an examination of the proceed-
ings of the House shows that not a solitary word
of discussion was allowed there on the subject;
and I am assured by gentlemen who feel a deep
interest in the matter, that if it can be allowed to
be discussed there very briefly, and a fair and just
statement made, there can be no doubt of the vote
of that branch of the Legislature. Still, if it is
more expedient to do so, the question can be set-
tled by a committee of conference.
Mr. HUNTER. I onljr ask that the letter of
the Commissioner of Pensions be read, and then
I am willing to submit the question to the Senate.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Pension Office, December 26, 1854,
Sir : X have received your note of the 23d instant, calling
my attention to the amendments adopted by the Senate to
the bill making appropriation for the payment of invalid
and other pensions of the United States for the year endins?
the 30ih day of June, 1856, and asking me to furnish you
with an estimateofthe amount of money necessary to meet
its requirements, and also an explanation of its provisions
and its effect on our pension system.
The amendment in question consists oftwo propositions.
The first extends the benefits oftbe provision of the second
section of the act of February 3, 1853, to the widows of the
officers, non-commissioned officers, mariners, and marines
who served in the Navy of the United States during the
revolutionary war. The second proposition requires all
pensions under said section to be made to commenceon*the
4th day of March, 1848. The effect of the first proposition
will be an addition of about twenty-five persons to the pen-
sion list, whose annual stipend will amount to about£2,000.
This proposition harmonizes entirely with all former pen-
sion acts relating to the widows of officers and soldiers of
the revolutionary war, and is required to supply an acci-
dental omission in the act of February 3,1853.
The second proposition will give to each pensioner under
the second section of theactofFebruary 3, J853,an amount
equal to the pension of such person for a period of four
years and eleven months. The amount to each pensioner
will vaiy from $9 33 to $2,950, according to the amount of
pern-ion to which they are now respectively entitled. This
Department has decided that the second section of the act
of February 3, 1853, is a new law; that it creates a new
class of pensioners not before entitled, and being silent aa
to the time when its benefits are to commence ; that it ts
controlled by the opinion of the Attorney Genera), dated
October 24, .1836 ; and, consequently, that it can confer no
right anterior to its passage. AH pensions under it have,
therefore, been made to commence on the day the act was
approved.
The number of persons already admitted to the pension
roll under this act, is two thousand five hundred and forty-
five. The number of applications suspended, most of
which will yet be admitted, is two hundied and eighty-six.
Applications are now being presented at the rate of some-
thins; over sixty a month. It is, therefore, manifest that the
number of pensioners under this section will soon exceed
three thousand. The average annual stipend to these
pensioners is a (rifle over eighty dollars. It will require,
therefore at least, $240,000 to pay these pensioners one
year; $1,180,000 to pay them for the time specified in the
proposed amendment. Besides, the husbands of many of
these pensioners have lived since the 4th of March, 1848,
and have received theirpensions to the time of their death.
This amendment will give to these widows a pension for
the same time their husband received theirs, which has
heretofore been prohibited by law.
I have thus endeavored to answer your inquiries as con-
cisely as possible, and while I would not urge oneobiection
to the adoption of this amendment, I would mo«t earnestly
request that in cdse the (louse of Representatives concur
with the Senate, that you will take the proper measures to
have the bill for the payment of invalid and other pensions
further amended, to as to appropriate a sufficient sum to
meet the increased demand under this act, which will be
not less than §1,000,000.
I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant, L. P. WALDO, Commimoner.
Hon. G. S. Houston, Chairman of the Committee of fP"ays
and Means.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is^one point in that
letter to which I intended to allude, and that is the
statement that the amendment of the Senate, as
it stands, might give pensions to the widows for
the same time that their husbands were entitled
and did actually receive pensions. That is true,
and I will state a case. Suppose the husband
died in 1850, the pension would go back to 1848
according to the terms of our amendment; but
that is a feature which, if the Senate shall insist
on their former vote, can be remedied by the com-
mittee of conference, by simply adding a proviso
that no widow shall receive a pension for the time
her husband was entitled to and did receive one.
Mr. FESSENDEN.' Lest there should be
some apprehension about it, I wish to call the
attention of the Senate to the fact that our amend-
ment will not add a single person to the pension
list which the bill, as it now stands, does not
place thsre. It does not affect the number of per-
sons on the pension list at all, and when this sum
of $1,000,000 is paid, it is finally paid, and the
amount does not reach that in any single year here-
after. The only question, therefore, is, whether
the Senate will appropriate this sum to do justice
to this class of persons. I will add, Mr. President,
that, although the proposition may be amended
by the committee of conference, as suggested by
my colleague, the Commissioner of Pensions, if
he should review his own opinion on that point, I
think will find that there is no danger of its ap-
plying, at any period, to a person whose husband
when alive received a pension. It cannot be so from
the nature of things, nor according to the proper
construction of the amendment of the Senate.
