THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33c Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY £2, 1855.
New Series....No. 56.
so much. At that time, nota single establishment
exited in the United States for the making of rail-
road iron, it was, therefore, though not properly
raw material so called, a quasi raw material. It
was a thing on which no labor was expended in
thi:-country. The industry of the country had
not then been directed to this important article, the
use of which was then quite new to the world.
Then we adopted the policy of admitting: railroad
iron free, and so we continued down to 1841. Nu-
merous attempts have been made to obtain legis-
lative favors m this regard since that period; but
I believe in no instance have they been granted.
And now, sir, when in consequence of what was
supposed to be the settled system of the country,
the industry of the country has been developed in
a new direction, when a large amount of capital
has been invested in the production of railroad
iron, when that has, itself, grown up into a great
interest, a great interest not merely because of the
capital involvtd, but because also of the incidental
advantages which it affords to labor of other sorts,
to theagriculturist, to the owner of coal mines, of
lime quarries, and of ore banks, to all of whom it
furnishes new markets; when we have some
sixteen thousand ninehundred miles of railroad, it
is said, in process of construction, and when the
iron necessary for those roads must be equal to
nearly one million seven hundred thousand tons,
we are called upon to grant to the companies this
favor of a three years'credit on theduties to make
them an exception to every industrial interest of
the country—to grant them a favor which no
other interest asks, it is true, but which, if it were
asked,everybody must know, would mostpiob-
ably be denied. It seems to me that such a request
as this cou'd not be supported with any probability
of success in Onsri ess if it were not that the vast
amount of capital invested in these railroads has
crested a corporation interest which is acquiring
an influence 'oo controlling over the legislation
of the country. Why, sir, it will cost over
$100,000 000 to buy the railroad iron intended for
the roads now in course of construction. It must be
at least eight or ten years before they can be com-
pleted ; and although ihisisacomparatively modest
request—and gentlemen, I believe, take some credit
to themselves for being modest in asking only an
exten&ion of credit—everybody must know that
the precedent which we are now about to set will
be followed (as was the precedent of 1830) by
calling upon m—when a portion of the roads shall
have been laid with iron imported with a credit on
the duties, when the period of two years having
expired, and at least four fifths ofthe lines of these
roads will still be unfinished—to extend the policy;
and we shall be invoked to do it with much more
show of justice than is now presented by the Sen-
ator from Tennessee. He asks us now to grant
this fdvor, because we allowed a freedom from
duty on railroad iron from 1832 to 1841, and be-
cause so many railroads m this country have been
built with free iron.
If that be a fair argument, surely at the end of
the two years, when other companies who have
not received the benefit of this act apply to us to
renew in their favor the rule which in 1855 we
passed for the advantage of others, we shall find it
exceedingly difficult to resist their demands, if, as
is quite probable, they too should be suffering
such embarrassment, as relied on as a justifica-
tion of the bill now pending, so that if we pass
this bi!', we may expect that it will be the begin-
ning of that which will grow into a system._ I
apprehend, Fir, it will not stop here. I imagine
that we shall find that the measure will take a
stronger shape at the end of two years, and even
befoie that time, nnd that the dunes on which we
are now asked to give a credit of three years, we
shall be invoked to release altogether. Of that, 1
cannot have a doubt.
Iron is one of the great necessities of the country.
It is a greater necessity to-day than it ever has
befn before in the world's history, for it is ap-
plied to vastly more uses, and it is consumed in
largcrqnanuties The hil'sand mountains of our
counuy abound in this mineral. It furnishes the
m
richest resources of labor I know of in the whole
Union. If we suffer it to be developed—if we
continue our system in this regard, we shall, after
a while, produce more iron than even England
does; but if we do that which will break down
our railroad iron manufacturers, we shall be de-
pendent upon England for an indefinite period.
Now, I think, looking at it as one of the great
necessities of the country, we ought not to depart
from our established revenue system in order to
afford jelief to the embarrassment of these com-
panies, when its effect must be to postpone that
period when we shall be able to manufacture rail-
road iron for ourselves in ample quantity, and of
better quality than we ever get from England.
Evet-y one knows that American iron is about
fifteen per centum better than that of England.
But, Mr. President, I promised not to detain the
Senate long. I did not design to enter upon the
considerations in detail which belong to the sub-
ject. I shall, therefore, only mention one thing
more. I have seen it stated in a railroad journal
that in the early part of 1854 thfre were sixteen
establishments at work in the United Slates upon
railroad iron. A statement furnished to me by
an honorable member of the other House, from
Pittsburg, shows that there were nineteen which
had changed, or had made the necessary prepara-
tions to change^ their business from the manufac-
ture of other iron to that of railroad iron. The
capacity of thffee nineteen establishments was
about one hundred and ninety-seven thousand
tons of iron per year, about as much, I take it, as
would be likely to be imported annually into this
country until the end of the next five years. It is
said that this measure will not interfere with the
production of such iron by those establishments.
Perhaps it may not opera'e directly, but conse-
quentially it will. It will, at all events, create
distrust in the minds of those who have invested
a large amount of capital in those operations.
Distrust and doubt will stop the business. Such i
fears, not ill-founded, have already stopped it in j
several establishments, and if this policy takes ,
effect, you may, I think, not only expect a con-
tinuance, but an increase of that distrust, and so
far as the establishments can, they will, endeavor
to change their business. Yes, sir, you will by
this bill delay the progress of one of the greatest
and most important interests of this country.
And, then, there is the consideration that I can
scarcely repeat too often, that it is a departure
from a general system for the benefit of a particu-
lar interest which if it has not created, in part, that
embarrassment under which the country is suffer-
ing ought, nevertheless, to bear a proportionate
share of it. Let all puffer alike. Let the compa-
nies which have undertaken enterprises beyond
their means, who have not looked before they
leaped, who have not calculated their own re-
sources and the condition of the country as they
should have done before hand, not receive a special
legislative benefit claimed to be necessary because
of their indiscretion.
Mr. BELL then addressed the Senate. His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. TOUCEY. I think, Mr. President, that
this bill proceeds upon an assumption of a neces-
sity on the part of the railroad companies of the
, country which is really without much foundation.
| The assumption is, that these great and powerful
companies are not able to pay the trifling amount
of duties imposed upon railroad iron imported
, from abroad for the purpose of Saying their tracks
and constructing their roads. That amount is but
] from &1S2Q0 to $1 500 per mile, and u iz gravely
! urged in the Senate of the Uni'ed States that these
I companies cannot proceed with great public enter-
I prises because, if they obtain their railroad iron
from abroad, the payment of that small sum per
mile will embarrass them, and, in fact, stop the
undertaking. Now, sir, I believe no such thing.
Mr. JONES, of Tennesssee. I do not wish to
prolong this debate, but just here, as the honor-
able Senator says ihere is no such embarrassment,
1 want to state to him that I hold in my hand a
leuer from an honorable gentleman, known to
yoji, sir, in which he informs me that the iron
for his road is now advertised to be sold for the
duties.
Mr. TOUCEY. What company is that?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Cincinnati
and Chicago Railroad Company.
Mr. COOPER. And there are twenty furnaces
in my own Stateunder execution.
Mr. TOUCEY. I do not say—for it would be
contrary to what we all know to be true—that
these railroad companies are not embarrassed; but
they are not embarrassed, and they are not to be
embarrassed, by exacting the payment of their
duties m cash, to the amount of $1,200 per mile
upon the iron with which to lay their tracks.
They are embarrassed, and I will state the reason
(why they are embarrassed. During the past
year, there have been expended upon railroads
$150,000,000. There have been constructed three
thousand nine hundred miles of road; and the
amount expended upon those roads and upon un-
finished roads amounted to $150,000,000.' Now,
5sir, this vast expenditure is enough not only to
embarrass those who have embarked in these
undertakings, but to embarrass every other inter-
est in the country; and at this moment there is
no interest in the Union which is not suffering
severely under this embarrassment. The manu-
factures, the commerce, the mercantile interest,
and every other great interest is now suffering
under this vast expansion; and the question that
is now presented to the Senate is, shall you re-
move a portion of the restraints in order that the
extension may go on to a greater height.
Sir, we have provided various laws forthepur-
pose of preventing an expansion of this kind, this
running on until the business and the currency of
the country are involved in destruction. Jn the
first place, you adopted a system of cash duties, by
which, for all imports from abroad upon which
duty is required, the money mast be paid, not
left upon bond. In the policy of this Government
it was thought indispensably necessary, Instead
of allowing the duties to rest in bond to be paid
at a future day, to require them to be paid down
in cash. It was supposed—and very wisely sup-
posed—that that requirement would check exces-
siveimportations, would restrain those expansions
which always involve the business of the country
in ruin.
We went further. We required not only that
the duties should be paid in cash, but a contest
w.is entered into by the great political parties of
the country, and it resulted in the establishment
of an independent Treasury, providing that the
duties should be paid in cash—in gold and silver
—and that the gold and silver should be deposited
actually, and in fact, in the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States. That law, which was resisted at the
outset, has now become the settled policy of the <•
country; it is upheld by the manufacturing and
the mercantile interests, and all parties in the coun-
try unite in maintaining the wisdom of it.
But wtiat do you propose now to do? You
propose not only that for two years to come the
duties on railroad iron shall not be paid in cash,
not only that they shall not be naid in gold and
silver into the Treasury of the United States, but
you propose to put this money into the hands of
railroad companies, that they may go on with this
railroad expansion. Sir, they have already gone
on further and faster than they ought to havegone.
It is the part of true wisdom not to encourage them
to go still furtherand still faster. It is the part of
true wisdom to hold them where they are, to con-
tinue the restraints which we have imposed upon
excessive importations, and upon these expan-
sions of the currency and the business of the
country. To act otherwise is like administering
to a patient in the last stages of fever, remedies
that shall aggravate it until a disastrous result is
produced. - . . .
This bill, sir, is contrary to all the principles
which have been triumphantly advocated and
sustained here for years, and which, I may say,
the country n<>w applauds with one voice. I am
opposed to it because, in the first place, H 3triKes
