884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
■which I object to it, I shall, of course, submit to
whatever niay be the will of the Senate.
Mr. COOPER. 1 am not going to detain the
Senate for any length of time with further remarks
upon the subject of this bill; but before its pas-
sage—for I presume it will pass—1 desire, in the
first place, to express my thanks to the Senators
from Connecticut [Mr. Tobcey] and Delaware,
[Mr. Bayard,] for the views which they have
presented,—views that are sound, statesmanlike,
and applicable to the condition of the country as
it exists at this time, and especially applicable to
the railroad interest of the country. They are the
Tiews that are entertained by the practical men in
my State, and they are snch as 1 have tried my-
self feebly to enforce during the discussion which
has taken place on this measure.
In the few remarks which I have to submit, I
desire to answer the question propounded to me
by my friend the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Bell,] whether, under the existing prices abroad,
the establishment for the manufacture of iron in
Pennsylvania, and other States, could go on even
if this bill should not become a law. I answer
him, without hesitation, that under the existing
prices, the establishments now in operation would
go on, and that their production would be in-
creased. The amount of that production, it is
true, would not be increased to the same extent
as would be the case if the condition of things
existing a year ago, still existed; but although
iron has fallen largely in England, the imposition
of a duty of thirty per cent., and the cost of trans-
portation hither, together with the incidental
charges, afford a sufficient amount of protection
to keep these establishments in operation. It is
true that they would not make very large profits;
but they would be able to maintain themselves,
and there would still be a competition with the
English manufacturers, which will not be the case
if this bill should pass, and that interest be satis-
fied that no further protection is to be expected
from Congress. This is undoubtedly the truth.
Now, it can hardly be that the railroad interest
expects to pay these bonds at the end of the time
at which the credit is limited. It is quite too small
a thing to be urged with such pertinacity and in
violation of the principles of the bill which it re-
peals in part, if it were not with the expectation
that ultimately the whole of the duties will be
remitted. 1 know that this is disavowed by Sena-
tors here; and 1 have no doubt it is disavowed
honestly; but these corporations will not be satis-
fied with the three years credit upon the duty.
When the time for payment comes they will be
here with memorials asking that the bonds maybe
cancelled and the duties entirely remitted. This
much I venture to predict. That the bill will stim-
ulate the building of railroads largely, there can
be no doubt—not because the advantage, the im-
mediate advantage, which i3 held out, is great: but
because of that which is anticipated—the ultimate
remission of the duties entirely.
What is to be the effect upon the country at
lar^e. I do not speak now of what is to be the
effect, upon the manufacturers of iron in my State,
and in other States—but what ig to be the general
effect upon the interests of the country ? What is
it that has produced the condition of things that
now exists, and which existed in a greater degree,
perhaps, a few months since—that is the prostra-
tion of the business of the country? It has been
the exportation of specie. The wantof confidence
on the part of the banks, and their refusal to ac-
commodate their customers with the amount of
money necessary to carry on their current busi-
ness, resulted undoubtedly from the large export-
ation of specie, which narrowed the basis on
which the credit system stands. But give the
stimulus to railroad enterprises, teach companies
that they can have a credit on all the iron, which
in most of the States, particularly in the western
States, constitutes nearly one half of the entire
cost of the roads, and what will be the conse-
quence? Again bonds will be sent out to pay for
large quantities of iron, and your foreign debt will
be largely increased. The interest upon that debt
must be paid annually, and how is it to be paid ?
It must be paid generally in specie, because the
surplus products of the country will notmorethan
pay for the ordinary imports that are brought m
from year to year. The amount, then, of the
foreign debt being increased, it will increase the
demand for specie, and it will be exported io larger
quantities than heretofore, thus reproducing the
consequences which a large export of specie has
always produced, striking down domestic indus-
try, paralyzing all the business of the country,
and giving up our markets to foreigners.
I have but a few more words to say, and I
shall have ceased the opposition which I have
felt it to be my duty to make to the passage of
this measure. Js it right that you should stimu-
late an interest which has already exceeded all
reasonable bounds, to extend itself still further,
at the expense of another interest that has not yet
attained to the point which it ought to occupy
amongst the industrial interests of the country ?
I mean that of the manufacture of iron. We
have the raw material for the manufacture of all
the iron that is needed for all the railroads now
constructed, or in course of construction in the
country. We have all that is necessary, in every
respect, to give this interest such a development
as would enable it to supply the whole wants of
the country, but the character of our legislation
being such as was referred to by the honorable
Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pearce,] in his re-
marks this morning, scarcely a year passing that
there was not some change operating in general
disastrously to this interest; it has prevented its
extension to the point that is necessary for the
snpply of the wants of the country. No^y you
propose to strike another blow, and that interest
which is not in a highly prosperous condition, is
to be brought down still lower. You refused, sir,
a few years ago, when those engaged in it memo-
rialized you for relief by an increase of duty, to
afford such relief because you would not break
in upon the principle of the act of 1846. You
refused it; you turned a deaf ear to the prayer of
this great interest which afforded employment to
thousands of people; but now, on the application
of associated capital, that is able to withstand the
hardship of the times, you are about to make a
change adverse to the iron interest, though you
refused, a year or two since, to make a change in
its favor. You are about to strike another blow
at this interest, and drive outof employment thou-
sands and thousands of those who now find sub-
sistence from it. Hoping that something would
arise in the course of events that would restore
prosperity, it labored on, and many of the estab-
lishments in my own State, and in other States,
continued their operations even at a loss. That
period did arrive, through a concurrence of cir-
cumstances, and when, without having experi-
enced relief through legislation, this has been
effected in another manner, you are about to lift
your hand to strike it down at the moment when
it is recovering from the prostration under which
it has labored for so many years. Is this just,
is it proper, or h it in consonance with the views
that have heretofore been entertained especially by
the party, Mr. President, to which you belong?
I know, sir, how you feet on this subject; I know
how other honorable gentlemen feel m relation to
it; I know that they condemn it; but still the bill
is to pasS, and I shall make no further opposition
to it. Having: done my duty, I shall desist from
any further effort to prevent its passage.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, according to par-
liamentary usage,the friendsof this measure would
have the right to conclude the debate; but as that
rule does not obtain in the Senate, at least in prac-
tice, and as it is perfectly clear to me that it is
the purpose of the adversaries of this measure to
defeat if, if they can, by delay, I shall forego what
I earnestly desired, and what I intended to do: to
address the Senate on this question, I think I
could show, indeed, I may say, that I know I
could show that, if the testimony of the opponents
of this measure, the advocates of the so-called
iron interest themselves, couid be accredited, the
present duty affords them no protection what-
ever. I have on my table now a pamphlet advo-
cating this peculiar interest; which asserts, sub-
stantially, what I now state. I could show it
though by more indubitable testimony. I have
prepared tables of the importations of this species
ofiron,andof all other iron, and I can demon-
strate that, so far from operating as any protection
to this interest, those tables show, beyond contro-
versy, that it has afforded them no protection, and
they corroborate fully the assertion of the advo-
cates of protection themselves in this respect. I
could show that the importations of railroad iron
have far outrua the aggregate importations of all
foreign merchandise in the country for the last ten
years; that they have outrun the aggregate im-
portations of*all species of foreign merchandise
over nine hundred per cent, in six years, and that
they have outrun the importations of alt other
species of iron within the same period upwards of
one thousand three hundred" per cent.
Sir, I am well prepared to establish all the posi-
tions which I maintain upon this question. I
should be glad to show, too, that it is not any
departure from Democratic policy; for, I hold that,
when a duty is not necessary for revenue, when
it affords no protection, there is no reason what-
ever for continuing that duty. That proposition,
I think, is susceptible of demonstration; but I
shall not detain the Senate, as I see, from the
vacant seats of the Chamber, that gentlemen are
disinclined to hear further debate. If it should be
convenient hereafter, I shall endeavor to establish
that proposition by the records of the Treasury
Department. 1 trust, sir, that the question will
now be taken.
Mr. WELLS. Mr. President, I regret, for
one, that the honorable Senator from Alabama has
not gone on and demonstrated that this is not an
anti-Democratic measure. I should be glad to
see the principle upon which he asks me to vote
for a measure of this kind, because, if it standa
upon principle, and is just and expedient, I shall
vote with him; but, if it violates the great faith
which I have always regarded as sound, neither
the fertile fields of the West, nor the beauty of the
South, nor the splendid addresses to which he and
his eloquent friends could give utterance, will in-
duce me to violate that great faith which I cherish
What, sir, is the proposition here presented to
us? it is a money matter, and in it is involved
a great principle, as I regard it. Certain things
are confessed here. It is confessed that the duty
which is now proposed to be postponed, equals
between $3,500,000 and $4,000,000 annually. It
has been assumed in the debate, for convenience,
in round numbers at $4,000,000. The bill pro-
poses to postpone the payment of those duties,
without interest,for a period of three years. The
amount is, say $4,000,000 a year. The interest
on that for one year at six per centum would be
$240 000, and for three years it would amount to
§720,000. For the other year (because the bill
is to be in ooeration for two years) the interest
would be $240,000 more, making $960,000; to
which should be properly added the interest upon
these sums for the period delayed. Therefore, the
the interest will amount, in round numbers, to
$1,000,000. Then what is this proposition ? 1
ask gentlemen, if 1 am wrong, to correctmy error;
but let me inquire is it anything else than'calling
on us by our votes to give outright to certain rail-
road corporations in this country that amount of
money?
If such is the fact, where is our constitutional
right to do it? If we have not a constitutional
right to give this money and we do give it, shall a
million of dollars limit us? No, sir; it is only to be
governed by the wishes of parties hereafter and the
power of the votes in the Legislature to take it. It
comes to this, and, it seems to me, that the argu-
ment results in this. Gentlemen who addressed
the Senate this morning, as an argument in fayor
of this measure, spoke of the depressed condition
of their portion of the country, and of its natural
resources, and they spoke, too, of the country
beyond them—the prairie land—created the most
fertile on this continent by the God who made the
whole; and they told us that it yet remains un-
touched by the hand of cultivation because they
have not the means of building railroads to convey
its products to market. Why not, on the same
principle, go the entire length and take the whole
sum necessary to build those railroads ? Is there
any Umit to it? ^ If you take this money from the
Treasury and give it to these railroad companies,
why not take_ $100,000,000, if you have that
amount, and give it to others for the same pur-
pose. There is no limit to it.
When I look at this point, I ask my friend from
Alabama, for whom 1 entertain a very high opin-
ion, and I ask other gentlemen who hold to the
doctrines in which he believes, to examine the
matter and see whether we ought to take this step.
How can we stand, and how do we stand as a
nation, but by adhering, as the gentleman from
Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] a few moments ago well
said, to constitutional obligations? Can we stand
