1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
885
upon any other footing? No, sir. I live in a sec-
tion of the country where we have been taunted
from my boyhood because we hav  etood up fear-
lessly in the maintenance of constitutional obli-
gations. I have lived only in the State of New
Hampshire in all my political life, and in that good
old State in the thirty years that I have been a
voter, we have ever maintained, and still main-
tain,and are yet to reexamineand act upon again,
on the second Tuesday of March coming, those
great principles of national obligation andfidelity
which are involved in a strict construction of the
Constitution. I have never abandoned them in
New Hampshire; nor will I while 1 have the honor
of occupying a seat in this Chamber. Whoever
will enjoy benefits from the faithful observance of
the Constitution is of no consequence. Who is to
suffer under it, is not a consideration. The only
question wiih me, and with my political associates,
is, what is our constitutional duty ? That we will
perform, and the consequences must rest on those
who created the instrument under which we live.
Then, sir, I say this is a violation, in my judg-
ment, of constitutional obligation, and of constitu-
tional right and duty, and, therefore, I cannot,
however urgent the necessity, and however well
and strongly it is presented to me, vote for it, be-
cause I say if I do, 1 unsettle the great principle
which secures to many gentlemen here their polit-
ical rights under this Government. We can stand
upon nothing else than upon strict construction.
It has been with us a strong theme of argument.
I say, and I believe, before the God who rules, that
but for adherence to that sound Democratic prin-
ciple of a strict construction of the Constitution,
we should not have been here to day. This Union
would, before this, have been dissolved, but for
the honest, and firm, and righteous adherence of
honest men to constitutional obligation. Shall we
now abandon it? Shall do so out of consideration
for the interest of a mere railroad corporation ?
I believe, as the gentleman from Delaware has
well said, that these corporations are entirely mis-
taken as to the consequences of this measure. I
do not believe it will eventuate in the benefit of
railroads. We, in the eastern States, havepassed
railroad relief bills; we have tried to aid those
railroads which have gone beyond their means,
and I appeal to every gentleman from my section
of the country familiar with the matter, and I
think he will sustain me when I say that all the
relief bills we have passed, or attempted to pass,
have resulted to the injury of those corporations.
They have gone too far and too fast, f hey have
taken money out of its legitimate channels, and
thereby embarrassed the entire business opera-
tions of the country. Their bonds are floating
all around, and at a discount. 1 perceive in a
paper which I received this morning a very strong
case which I will mention to the Senate.
A few years ago, in this Hall, you voted to
give alternate sections of land for six miles wide
to the Illinois Central railroad—a road seven hun-
dred miles in length. Nearly three millions of
acres of land were given to that company. What
was the argument in favor of it? Substantially
the same argument that is used here to day to give
them the money. "What has been the result of
that gift > Instead of being a relief, in what con-
dition do we find them now ? For the purpose of
raising §3,000,000, they have put their bonds into
circulation; and they are to-day selling in the
market a one thousand dollar bond bearing an
interestof seven per cent., payablesemi-annually,
for $700—being a discount of $900,000, besides
the inteieston that sum, to raise $2,100,000. 1
have only referred to this to show tnat this relief
does not aid them. Railroad enterprises should
be left, like all others, to sustain themselves.
When the demands of public necessity require
additional roads, the means will be at hand, in
my judgment, to construct them.
1 do not, however, propose to go into that ques-
tion. I rose only for the purpose of stating my
objections to this bill, because I know that, taking
the remarks which have been made in the Sen-
ate upon this subject, if I voted against the bill
without explanation, it might be said that I was
voting hereagainstan honest proposition torelieve
an interest which could be constitutionally and
righ'fully relieved. I have made these remailis
solely for the purpose of letting my constituents
see and know that whatever may be the conse-
quences of this act, while I have the honor of rep-
resenting them in the Senate, my vote shall be in
accordance with the theory of the Democracy of
New Hampshire.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I shall not be
seduced from my purpose not to debate this bill;
but I have a single remark to make in reply to
what has fallen from the gentleman from New
Hampshire. He and others denounce this meas-
ure as anti-Democratic and unconstitutional; and
how do they arrive at that conclusion ? They say
it is indirectly aiding railroads by granting them
money. I say, on the other hand, that it is only
letting railroads alone, and not imposing burdens
upon them. There is the difference between us.
According to our policy, we take off from these
railroads a burden which obstructs and prevents
their construction. He says that because we let
them alone, we are, therefore, aiding them.
Again, he and others say it is anti-Democratic,
because it is class legislation and a departure from
the policy of the tariff act of 1846, which they de-
nominate a Democratic measure; and yet, in that
very tariff act I see a feature far more obnoxious
to the reproach of class legislation than that which
I now propose; for I there see that sheathing cop-
per is exempted from all duty and admitted free.
For what purpose? To promote the ship-build-
ing interest. There is a bounty, according to
their view of the question, offered to ship-builders.
There is class legislation more emphatically than
they can denounce this as class legislation. They
all concede in their arguments on this question
that it is not to benefit the stockholders in the
railroads, and in the same breath they concede
that railroads are of great interest to the commu-
nity. Now, compare the mere number of stock-
holders in the several railroads interested in this
measure with the number of persons engaged in
the manufacture of railroad iron, and in what
relation do they stand ? Why, sir, as one to one
hundred, and yet the interests of the one hundred
must be sacrificed for the benefit of the one. This
they call class legislation! I will not multiply
words on this subject; but I trust we shall take the
vote.
Mr. SEWARD offered an amendment, to give
to railroad companies using American iron the
same bounty granted by the bill to those using for-
eign iron, by loaning them from the Treasury,
for three years, the same amount for which they
would receive a credit if they used foreign iron.
His remarks on the subject will be published in
the Appendix.
Mr. CHASE. I am sorry, Mr. President, that
I cannot vote with the Senator from New York
j for bis amendment; nor can I quite agree with
him that its principle is identical with that of the
bill. The amendment proposes taxation, and a
loan. The bill proposes temporary relief to tax-
payers, and no loan. The amendment contem-
plates the continuance of all existing burdens upon
industry. The bill relieves, for a time, one great,
but now depressed, interest from these burdens, in
a manner which will give life and activity, and
sure reward to industry in many branches. Far
from being kindred to the bill, the amendment
directly antagonizes it. If the amendment be
adopted, the bill must be lost. I must express
the hope, therefore, that it may not be agreed to.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bramerd, Brodhead, Cooper. Seward,
Thomson of New Jersey, Wade, Walker, nmt Wright—8..
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bell, Benjamin, Brown, Chase,
Clay, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Fitzpalrick,
Geyer, Gwin, Hamlin, Ilunter, Johnson, Jones of Ten-
nessee, Mason, Pettit, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields, Shdrll,
Smart, Stimner, Thompson of Kentucky, Toucy, Weller,
Wells, and Wilson—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr STUART. I move, in the second section,
to strike out the words "for two years," and
insert " until the 1st day of July next," so as to
make the clause read:
The benefits of this act shall extend to oil railroad iron
received and m bond, on which the duties have not been
paid, as well as such'as may hereafter be received : Pro-
vvh(1, That the provisions of this act shall continue until
I the l<t Hay of July next, and 110 longer, unless otherwise
I provided for by law.
| I do not intend to detain the Senate at this
moment by making any speech upon the subject.
The bill has been amended, in some particulars,
since it was reported from the Committee on
Finance; but it will be recollected that the report
of the committee was adverse to the bill. An
amendment has been adopted, which I have
thought a very important one, lequiring security
to be given in all cases. That was one objection
which induced me, as a member of the Committee
on Finance, to oppose the original bill.
The remaining objection which I had to the
bill was its probable effect upon undue invest-
ments in railroad interests. I am willing that the
bill should apply to iron already imported, and
iron' already ordered. 1 propose to fix the 1st of
July next, for two reasons. In the first place, it
is the end of the fiscal year; and in the next place
it precludes all undue investments in railroad en-
terprises on account of this credit. With that
modification of the bill, I should myself have no
objection to it. I can conceive very readily that
every interest in the country, especially the agri-
cultural interest, may be, and will be, ultimately
benefited by giving a temporary relief to railroad
companies to that extent; but it is equally true
that the agricultural interest, with every other,
suffers, and suffers deeply, when there is an im-
proper investment in this, or in any other busi-
ness of the country.
Sir, I could, and, iftime permitted, I should be
glad to give my views at some little length—per-
haps twenty or thirty minutes—on this branch of
the inquiry. But I will not detain the Senate now
to elaborate my position. I have stated distinctly
the object of the amendment; and I state as dis-
tinctly that if the friends of the bill are willing to
confine it, as I propose to limit it, 1 shall myself
have no objection to the bill in the form in which
it will then be, but shall be very glad to record my
vote in its favor. If, however, it is extended to
two years hence, the inevitable result of it must,
in my mind, be to continue the difficuliy under
which we now labor; that is, the improper invest-
ment of money in railroads that the public inter-
ests do not require. Unless some such amend-
ment be made, I shall be compelled to vote against
the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the friends
of the bill will not think of voting for the amend-
ment, as its effect is to destroy the virtue of the
bill.
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 16, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bramerd, Bright, Jirndhead
Cooper, Feisepden, Gillette, James, Peareo. Seward, Sii-
dell, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Toucey, Wells, and
Wnahl—1U.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bell, Rerjamm, Chase, Clay,
Dawson, Dodge of Wiscoi^in, Douglas, Fuzpatm k, Gwin,
Hamlin, tinnier. Johnson, .Tone* of Tennessee, .Mallory,
Mason, Pettit, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields, Sumner, Thomp-
son of Kentucky, Wade, Walker, Weller, and Wilson—26.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. STUART. At the suggestion of several
Senators, I am disposed to modify the amendment
which has just been rejected. I jnove now to
strike out the same words which I before moved
to strike out, and insert " one year from the first
day of July next." I think it is verv important
to limit the period to less than that fixed in the
bill. I shall not consume the time of the Senata
in discussing the amendment. I simply ask for
th« yeas and nays upon it.
The yea3 and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 22; as follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Brainerd, Blight, Brodhead,
Chase, Cooper, Fessenden, Gillette, Hamlin, Pearee, Spw-
ard, Slidell, Stuart, Sumner, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toucev, Wells, Wilson, and Wright—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Uell, Benjamin, Clay, Dawson,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Fit?,patnek. Gwin, Hunter,
Johnson, Jones of Tennessee, Matlory, Mason, Pettit,
Rusk, Sebastian, Shield*, Thompson of Kentucky, Wade,
Walker, and Weller—22.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 have not offered an
amendment to this bill to-day, nor have I said a
word upon it. I now intend to offer but.one
amendment. As we are taking off duties for th«
purpose of giving protection to particular interests,
I offer the following amendment, as an additional
section;
Sec. JIU be it further enacted, That all laws au-
thorizing the payment of fishing bounties, be, and the same
are, hereby repealed.
On this amendment I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Bayard, Brainerd, Bright, Brodhead,
Pearce, Pettit, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Walker,
and Wright—10.
