886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
jYAYS—Messrs. Bell, "Benjamin, Chase, Clay, Cooper,
Dnivjon, Dodge * f Wi-consiu, Fes<endon, Fitzpatrick,
Gillette, Gvvin, Hamlin, Hunter, James, Johnson, Jones of
Tennessee, Mallory, Mason, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward,
Shield?, shdell, Sumnt r, Thomson ot New Jersey, Toueey,
Wade, Welier, Wells, and Wilson—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made, as in the Committee
of the Whole, were concurred in.
The PRESIDENT. The bill is still open to
amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire now to renew the
amendment which 1 oft' red yesterday in Commit-
tee of the Whole, in order that another vote may
be taken upon it; I mean the amendment striking
out the proviso at the end of the second section,
and inserting the one which I then offered in lieu
of it. Honorable gentlemen yesterday saw fit to
treat it with great indifference, as a matter of no
doubt whatever. I do not intend to compete with
them in a knowledge of the law; I have no doubt
that the majority who voted against my amend-
ment, probably understand it better than i do;
but still i beg leave to express a doubt, according I
to the mode m which the language is worded, if'
all the provisions of the bill are repealed at the end
of two years, a statutory bond taken under this
law can be enforced after the lapse of two years
against the surety on the bond. I doubt it. There
is a wide distinction between a statutory bond,
and a bond taken-at common law; and it was to
remove that doubt, not at all to interfere with the
bill or prevent its passage, that 1 offered the amend-
ment yesterday.
Honorable Senators then admitted that the con-
struction which ought to be given, and was in-
tended to be given to the bill was that which 1
sought to give to it expressly by my amendment;
and yet they voted down that amendment. 1 can
reconcile the rejection of the amendment in but one
mode, and that is: that it gives the excuse here-
after, founded on a doubt as to the nghtof recovery
from the surety, to come forward and ask Con-
gress to discharge them from the payment alto-
gether. 1 suppose that is the reason why it was
voted down. I now present the amendment again,
and I ask for the yeas and nays upon it. It is m
section two, to strike out the words, " that the
provisions of this act shall continue for two years
and no longer, unless otherwise provided for by
law/* and insert: ** that the provisions of this act
extending the time of payment of duties, shall be
held to apply to iron rails, spikes, bolts, fasten-
ings, and other iron necessary for a construction
of railroads, actually delivered on bond as afore-
said within two years, and no longer."
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLAY. I stated yesterday that I did not
believe this amendment would alter the true con-
struction of the bill. I am of that opinion now.
I think it is btit effecting the same purpose which
the bill in its present shape effects; and yet 1 shall |
vote for the amendment which is proposed. At i
the same time, however, I do not like to pass
without notice the remarks which fell from the
Senator from Delaware. One remaik which he
made, though, I trust, not so intended, was, I
think, exceedingly disrespectful to those who op-
posed his amendment yesterday, for it imputed to
them a purpose to frame this bill so as to take ad-
vantage of what he regards as a defect in it, with a
view of evading the payment of the duties entire-
ly. He said it would afford a pretext hereafter
for the remission of the duties on the ground that ;i
they could not be collected, as the bond was a i!
statutory bond, that would not bind the party. I i;
think this was exceedingly disrespectful to the1'
friends of this measure. 1 am not induced by that
remark to vote for this amendment. On the con-
trary, it rather disinclines me to support it; but,
believing as I do sinceteiy, that it does not change
the true construction of the measure, I shall vote
for it.
Mr. BAYARD. I cannot see that there was
any disrespect in my remark—1 certainly intended
none—to any individual Senator; but I have an
undeniable ns;ht to draw my own conclusions from
votes taken in this body, and i have the right to
draw these conclusions without being justly liable
t@ the chaige of disrespect, either to tne majoiity,
or to any individual Senator. The friends of this bill
deliberately, on the yeas and nays yesterday, voted
down this amendment which I proposed, without
giving any reason for doing so. They admitted
that the construction which I sought to give in pre-
I cise language to the scction was that which they
" were willing to agree to; but they rejected the
amendment without giving any reason, simply
saying they did not concur with me in opinion.
Now, I have suggested a ground of doubt. I did
not think it necessary to do so yesterday. I sup-
posed honorable Senators were so well instructed
in the law that they would at once recognize the
distinction between a statutory bond and a com-
mon law bond; and that they might easily suppose
that a doubt could arise as to the obligation of the
surety under a proviso so worded as to declare
that the law should only continue, in all its pro-
visions, for a period of two years, when the bond
was to last for at least three years.
Under such circumstances, I think, if there
was any question of courtesy or want of courtesy
involved, I might well have complained of a want
of courtesy when the friends of the bill refused
to insert my amendment, although it did not dero-
gate from the object which they professed. But,
sir, I complained of nothing of the kind, nor do
i now. 1 did not mean any disrespect; -but I did
endeavor to find out a solution, in some mode,
of the meaning and design of voting down an
amendment which was simply to make clear of
doubt an object which the majority said they had
in view. If there was no ulterior object, I could
conceive of no ground for rejecting the amendment.
Mr. WELLKR. I hope the call for the yeas
and nays will be withdrawn, a3 I suppose there
will be no opposition to the amendment.
The PRESIDENT. It will require unanimous
consent to withdraw the call for the yeas and nays.
The Chair hears no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will now have its
third reading.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Can that be done to-day?
The PRESIDENT. Yes, sir; it has been read
twice before to-day.
The bill was read a third time, and the question
was stated to be on its passage.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHIELDS. I confess that I do not exactly
like the principle of this bill, and I consider it par-
tial and unequal and not very wise legislation; but
I shall vote for it in obedience to the instructions
of the Legislature of my State.
Mr. DAWSON. I am requested by the Sena-
tor from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] to announce
that he would have voted for the bill if he were
here, but he and the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Pratt,] who is against the bill, have paired off.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 25, nays 13, as follows:
YIIAS—Messrs. Ad.nns, Bell,Benjamin, Brown, Chase,
Clay. Dawson. I)ou«!as, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Gwin, Ham-
lin, Ilnnier, Johnson, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Ma-
son, Kink, Sebastian, felnelds, Sumner, Thompson of
Kentut'ky, Wade, Welier, am! Wilson—25.
NAYS—Mesi-r*. ftayaid, Brainerd, Bright, Brodhead,
Cooper, Dodge of Wisconsin, Fes^enden, Gillette, James,
Pearce, Seward, f lidrlJ, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toucey, Walker, Wells, and Wright—18.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. "Webster, his Secre-
tary, announcing that he had approved and signed
an act to provide for holding an additional term of
the circuit court of the United States for the dis-
trict of Missouri, and for holding special terms of
the district and circuit courts of the United States
for the northern district of Ohio.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill of the House for
the relief of purchasers and locators of swamp
and overflowed lands.
ADDITIONAL REVENUE CUTTERS.
Mr.^ HAMLIN. I desire to state to the Senate
that there is very little probability that I shall be
able to remain here more than one day in addi-
tion to this. There are two bills reported from
the Committee on Commerce winch I think can
be passed in half an hour; perhaps in much less
time than thaft* I feel an interest in them because
the Secretary of the Treasury has repeatedly in-
vited my attention to them. I ask the Senate to
consider them at this time as a special favor to me.
One is a-House bill authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to have constructed four revenue
cutters; one for the port of Charleston, South
Carolina; one for the port of Galveston, Texas;
one for the port of San Francisco, on the coast
of California; and one for the coast of the Terri-
tory of Washington. I move that all prior orders
be suspended for the purpose of taking up that
bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the
consideration of House bill authorizing the pur-
chase or construction of four additional revenue
cutters. Its first section proposes to appropriate
$60,000 to enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
cause to be built or purchased in such mode as he
may deem best for the public interest, four vessels
of suitable size and construction, to be employed
as revenue cutters, at such stations as he may des-
ignate. The second section proposes to provide
that hereafter no person shall be appointed to the
office of captain, first, second, or third lieutenant
of any revenue cutter, who shall not have served
at least one year before the mast, and who does
not adduce competent proof of efficiency and skill
in navigation and seamanship.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to strike out the second
section of the bill, which provides that nobody
shall be appointed an officer in the revenue service
who has not served one year before the mast, thus
confining the appointments to one class of per-
sons.
Mr. RAMLIN. I hope the Senate will not
strike out that section, it seems to me that no
person should be appointed for sea-service who
has not seen sea-service. One yearns sea-service
is a very small amount to require. An officer who
commands a revenue cutter ought to have, at least,
that much experience.
Mr. MALLORY. In order to attain the object
of the Senator from Virginia, it will not be neces-
sary to strike out the whole section. I concur
with him, that it is altogether wrong to make it a
test of appointment to a command in the revenue
service that the party shall have served before the
mast in the character of an ordinary seaman. It
is not exacted in the Navy. 'It is exacted in no
part of our public service. I would ask the Sen-
ator from Virginia, however, to examine the sec-
tion; and in order to accomplish the object which
he says he desires, instead of moving to strike
out the whole section, let him move to strike out
so much as requires one year's service before the
mast, retaining that portion which requires the
appointee to be skilled in seamanship and naviga-
tion. That may be acquired in various ways, as
mate, or second or third mate, for example.
Mr. TOUCEY. I hope the amendment will
be adopted. I am opposed to all legislation which
attempts to restrain the power of ihe Executive to •
select persons proposed to be appointed to office.
The whole field should be left open for the exer-
cise of the constitutional power of the Executive.
If you undertake to limit it in one case, I know
not why it may not be limited in any other case,
and to any other extent. I consider ail legislation
of this kind as very objectionable. I hope the
section will be stricken out without much reference
to the propriety or the impropriety of the restric-
tion.
Mr. HUNTER. I modify my amendment, at
the suggestion of the honorable Senator from
Florida, so as to strike out the words " shall not
have served at least one year before the mast and
who;'' so as to leave the section to provide that
no person shall be appointed to these places,
" who does not adduce competent proof of effi-
ciency and skill in navigation and seamanship."
Mr. HAMLIN. I should not have much ob-
jection to the amendment submitted by the Senator
from Virginia in its present shape, if it were not
for the fact that its effect will be to hazard the
bill. I think there is very great propriety m limit-
ing the Executive as to what quarters the appoint-
ments for the revenue service shall come from. I
think a man who has never seen any sea-service,
who is entirely a landsman, to use a seaman's
phrase, "who does not know a sloop from a
