1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
889
Oregon. It is extremely important that it should
be parsed at once.
Mr. MALLORY. I will yield to the Senator
from Maine, in consideration of the fact that he
has to loave the city to-morrow.
COLLECTION DISTRICT IN OREGON.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is extremely necessary that
the bill to which I have alluded should be promptly
passed. The Delegate from the Territory of Ore-
gon has called my attention to it for the last four
de.ys, and for four days I have struggled to get
the floor for the purpose of reporting it. I now
report back, without amendment, Senate bill " to
establish the collection districts of Cape Perpetua
and Port Orford, in the Territory of Oregon, and
to fix the salaries of the officers of the customs
therein." I ask for the immediate consideration of
the bill, and I think it need not be read through.
I will simply say that it is in the usual form,
fixes the limits of the districts, and authorizes the
President to appoint the necessary officers.
Mr. PETTIT. Does the bill require another
reading to-day ?
The PRESIDENT. It was read twice and
referred to the Committee on Commerce. It is
now reported back without amendment, and is
before ihe Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. PETTIT. I object to its third reading to-
day.
Mr. STUART. It can be read the third time
to-day.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator cannot ob-
ject because the bill has previously be* read
twice.
The Secretary was proceeding to read the bill,
but he was interrupted by—
Mr. STUART. No Senator asks that the bill
shall be read through. It is in the ordinary form
of bills establishing collection districts.
Mr. COOPER. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
On a division, the ayes were 9, and noes 16—no
quorum voting.
Mr. DAWSON. As there is not a quorum of
the body present I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 22, 1855.
The House met at eleven o 'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
SWAMP LAND BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
privileged question. I ask leave to make a report
from the committee of conference of the two
Houses on the swamp land bill.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I trust that the gentle-
man from Illinois will not make the report at this
time until I can examine the bill and report to-
gether. The report may be made at any time.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 ask that the report
may be read.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Illinois not to make the repyt at this
time. There is no necessity for immediate action
upon it. Has the gentleman presented a bill, also,
with the report ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. The bill has been pre-
sented at the Herk's desk.
Mr. GREENWOOD. My only object is to
examine the bill in connection with the report of
the committee.
The SPEAKER, The only matter that can be
considered is the report of the committee as a
whole, anil it is not amendable.
Mr. GREENWOOD. An examination of the
report and bill might determine my course in re-
lation to the adoption of the report of the com-
mittee of con*errnce.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I am instructed to make
the report of the committee at this time, and I
have no disposition to press the matter; but I
think we had better dispose of the subject now.
1 ask for the reading of the report, arid upon its
adoption I demand the previous question.
The report of the committee of conference was
then read by the Clerk, as follows:
The committee of eonferrnce of the Senate and H«use
of Representatives on tlie disagreement between the two
House?, on the bill of the House No. 9, entitled " An act
fur (lie relief of purchasers and !< caiorsof swamp and over-
flowed lands" Have conferred together, and unanimously
agreed to recommend to ihe .Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, respectively, the following proviso to ihe "first
section ot said act, instead of the one adopted by the Sen-
ate.
Provided, That in all cases where any State, through
its constituted authorities, may (lave sold or dispo-ed of
any tract or tracts of said land to any individual or inui-
viduals prior to the entry, sale, or location of the same
under the preemption or other laws of the United States,
no patent shall be issued by ihe President for such tract or
tracts of land until such State, through its convoluted
authorities, shall release its claim thereto in such form as
shall be prescribed by ihe Secretary of the Interior; and
provided further, that if such State shall not within ninety
days from the passage of this net, ihronth its constituted
authorities, return to ihe General Land Office of the United
States a list of all the land sold as aforesaid, together Willi
the dates of sui h sale and the names of the purchasers,
the pateirs shall be issued immediately thereatter, as di-
rected m Ihe foregoing sections.
OUAS. E. STUART,
S. A DOUGLAS,
JOHN SLIUELL,
Senate Committee.
E. I!. WASHBURNE,
J. LETCH Gil,
JNO. L. DAWSON.
House Committee.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I ask the gentleman
from Illinois to withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question until I can make an inquiry of the
gentleman ?
Mr. W ASHBURN E. I withdraw the demand.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I understand the object
of the section that has been reported by the com-
mittee of conference to be this: In the event of a
State failing to make their returns to the General
Land Office within ninety days from the time of
the passage of this act, then the entries made at
the General Land Office are declared to be valid.
That is what I understand to be the tffect of the
section as reported by the committee of confer-
ence.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I understand that to be
the case.
Mr. GREENWOOD. If that be the case Con-
gress will have undertaken, by the adoption of
this report, to legislate with regard to the interests
of parties, or assume a judicial discretion rather
in settling tides to conflicting interests, whereas
this matter should belong to the courts. That is
the view which I take of this matter, and it seems
to me that it is the construction which the section
will evidently bear. Congress has no right to
interfere with or determine the rights of parties as
proposed.
Mr. WASHBURNE. As I understand the
matter, it is this: The amendment which the com-
mittee of conference proposes provides that where
any State has sold lands in good faith, and has
sent notice of that fact to the Land Office here
within ninety days—which time is considered to
be sufficiently long—then a patent to the purchaser
is not issued. On the other hand, where a pur-
chaser has gone on and purchased of the United
States from the Land Office in good faith, and the
State has not sold the land, then the Commissioner
of the General Land Office is directed to issue a
patent. I cannot conceive how such a provision
can interfere with the rights of any person. Let
me here say, that all interests were represented in
the committee of conference; and although it was
supposed that this matter would give rise to some
difficulty, yet we were agreed unanimously upon
the report that has just been read.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I will state, in response
to the gentleman from Illinois, that by the original
act no such restriction was placed upon the State
whatever. This provision proposes to place a
restriction upon the States to which these swtynp
lands have been granted, which was not intended
to be placed upon them by the original bill; and it
is proposed now, that if you pay for the lands
I within a given time, and report the sales made in
! good faith, that your title to the lands will become
I forfeited, and the purchasers at the Government
j land offices shall acquire a title. That is, as I
I understand, the sum and substance of this report.
I move to lay the report of the committee of con-
ference upon the table, and upon that motion I
ask for the yeas and n 'ye.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I was not aware that
the gentleman from Arkansas had the floor for
that purpose. I yielded to him simply for the
purpose of explanation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
claims the floor, and the gentleman from Arkansas
would not be entitled to make the motion that he
proposes.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask for the previous
question upon the adoption of the report of the
committee.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move to lay the report
upon the tab'e.
Mr. HENN. If the report is (jiid upon the
table, will it not carry the bill with it.'
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. HENN. I hope the gentleman from Ar-
kansas will not press the motion to lay the report
upon the table, for if it prevails it will cause the
loss of the bill.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I would prefer to see
the bill defeated than have the report of the com-
mittee adapted.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana, demanded the yeas
and nays; which were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Greek-
wood's motion; and the House refused to lay the
report upon the table.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question recurring upon the adoption of the
report,
Mr. GREENWOOD demanded the yeas and
nays; which were not ordered.
The question was then put; and the report was
adopted.
Mr. DAWSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
SOLDIERS OP THE WAR OP 1812.
Mr. M1DDLESWARTH here obtained the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
the business first in order is the further considera-
tion of the bill reported by the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Cobb] yesterday, granting land for
railroads in Alabama, upon which he demanded
the previous question.
Mr. MIDDLES WARTH. I think the House
will agree with me that I have not troubled them
much during this session, and I desire to make a
motion at this time, which I hope will not be
objected to.
There is a bill now upon the Speaker's table,
which came from the Senate, in which a very
large number, I suppose, of the constituents of
every member of t'us body are interested. If we
do not take it up within a day or two I fear it will
be lost, and before another year comes round a
very large number of those interested will have
gone to that " country from whose bourne no
traveler returns." I referto the bill of the Senate
(No. 511) granting bounty land to the soldiers of
the war of 1812. 1 ask that it be taken up now
and considered.
Mr. COBB. I insist upon the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made the
bill cannot be taken up.
Mr. Ml DDLES WARTH. I move to suspend
the rules to enable me to submit a motion to take
it up.
Mr. HUNT. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is the better way, and
I hope the yeas and nays will be ordered.
Mr. HUNT. We cannot suspend t^e rules
without.
Mr. FARLEY. I desire to state to the House,
Mr. Speaker, that a portion of the people of the
New England States are excluded from the bene-
fits of this bill.
Mr. CHASTAIN. Iriseto a question of order.
I wish to know if it is in order to move to sus-
pend the rules to day?
The SPEAKER. It is; and that motion ia
already made.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
of the Chair if the motion to suspend the rules ia
in order while another subject is before the com-
mittee ? Must not the House dispose of the busi-
ness before them before going to other business,
exept it be business upon the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee himself yesterday moved to go into the
Committee of the Whole imm'diately upon the
previous question being demanded by the gentle-
man from Alabama. But the gentleman from
