1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
895
the proceedings of Congress, from 1823 up to 1832
or 3833, were printed by the Congresses of those
years, under the name of " Register of Debate."
Since that time we have ordered the printing of
the proceedings of Congress, from the first Con-
gress up to the time of those Registers, under the
name of " Annals of Congress." Now, sir, the
" Registers of Debate" have been distributed to
all the members of this Congress, and the prop-
osition now is, as I understand it, to reprint the
" Register of Debate" under the name of "An-
nals of Congress," and to give them to the mem-
bers again, thereby duplicating them. When the
contract, with Gales & Seaton, which now exists,
expires, we shall have, under the title of " An-
nals of Congress" the entire proceedings from the
First Congress up to the time of the commence-
ment of the Congressional Globe and Appendix.
Mr. CHANDLER. I rise to a question of
order. Having introduced the proposition,! sup-
pose I have a right to speak in its favor.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania had the floor to debate his amendment,
but waived his right and declined to do so.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 beg the Chair's pardon.
I waived the right only for the moment, as I did
not feel that it would be gentlemanly, on my part,
to disturb the conversation which was going on
between gentlemen in various parts of the Hall.
TheCHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman isnot
precluded from debating his amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I rise to a
question of order. This amendment proposes the
publication of a new work. No law authorizes
it, and it is without the authority of Congress.
Mr. CHANDLER. Have I the right to speak
to my amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN, The gentleman would
have, but that a question of order is pending,
which supersedes debate on the merits of the
amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. But the gentleman from
Tennessee spoke to the merits, and then raised a
question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection
the gentleman will proceed with his remarks.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have only to say, that the
amendment provides for the continuance of the
" Annals of Congress." We all know that, for
the years mentioned in the amendment, there was
a set of books made; but the amount of informa-
tion since acquired, which has given such value
to the volumes which precede these, renders it
necessary that they should be continued up to, and
until, the commencement of the Congressional
Globe. That is the whole object of the amend-
ment. It is no new undertaking, but the contin-
uance of an undertaking already commenced.
Mr- JONES, of Tennessee, 1 wish to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania if the amendment
does not propose to publish, under the name of
" Annals of Congress," the very same books
heretofore published and distributed to all the
members of every Congress for the last, twelve
and thirteen years, under the name of " Register
of Debates."
Mr. CHANDLER. It does not.
Mr. JONES. What period does it cover.
Mr. CHANDLER. It covers the same period
as the " Register of Debates;" but the publica-
tions will be no more like that work than the or-
dinary telegraphic proceedings of this House are
like the official debates in the Congressional Globe.
Mr. TWEED. !s this debate in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not, if objected to.
Mr. TWEED. Well, I object tq it.
The CHAIRMAN. It appears to the Chair
that this amendment makes a change in the exist-
ing law, and for that reason is precluded by the
rule.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I offer the following
amendment. After the words:
" For ! alaripsand incidental expense? of the commission
appointed under the act of 3d March, 1851, for settling land
claims m California, from 3d March, 1855, to 3d March,
1856, in addition to unexpended balance, $120,000,"
insert the following:
Provided, None of the money to be so appropriated shall
be raised from any duty on foreign coal, the same being
hereafter admitted duty free.
Mr. FLORENCE. I insist that the amend-
ment is not m order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. This is a most import-
ant provision, and I take on appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair. I hope that it may prevail.
Mr. BRIDGES. I object to discussion.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I wish to make but a
brief explanation.
The CHAIRMAN, Objection being made the
-gentleman cannotproceed. The question is, " Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the committee?"
Mr. W ALBRIDGE. I ask for the reading of
the amendment.
[Cries of " I object!"]
The question was taken, and the decision of the
Chair was sustained, there being on a division—
seventy-one, noes not counted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, I
see, in looking over the bill, that the appropria-
tion5^ twenty-four copies ofahe Globe for each
member and delegate of the second session of the
Thirty-Third Congress, for binding the same, and
to pay for the reporting for the Globe, are, by
mistake, in the first section of the bill, and among
the estimates for the salaries of the clerks for the
next fiscal year. In order to make them available
to thepublisherand reporter ofthe Globe, and~that
.he may get paid for the present session when the
work shall be done, it will be necessary to transfer
the items from the first section to the second sec-
tion, and put them under the head of deficiencies.
The matter is all right, and 1 hope there may be
no objection to the transfer.
Mr. HAVEN. What thegentleman from Ten-
nessee proposes, is undoubtedly right, and should
be done; but I would inquire of him whether his
motion embraces the transfer of the amendment
in reference to the reporters which was adopted
the other day on my motion?
Mr. JONES. It does.
Mr. HAVEN. If it carries that amendment
with it, then I have nothing further to say.
There was no objection, and the items in the
first section of the bill, from line one hundred and
seven to line one hundred and fifteen inclusive, to-
gether with the amendment to them adopted on
the motion by Mr. Hayen, were ordered to be
transferred to the second section, under the head
of deficiencies for the House of Representatives.
Mr. PHELPS. I offer the following amend-
ment:
After the first paragraph of the second section, insert the
following:
To pay for twenty-four copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix ofthe first session of the present Con-
gress for each of the Delegates from Nebraska and Kansas,
being forty-eight copies, at six dollars the copy, $2SS ; and
for binding the same one hundred and ninety two volumes,
at sixty cents the volume, §115 20.
Mr. Chairman, this amendment is for the pur-
pose of furnishing the Congressional Globe and
Appendix of the last session to the Delegates from
Nebraska and Kansas. It only gives them what
the other members of this Congress have already
received.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. MURRAY. I ae=k that the additions which
I moved to appropriations in line ninety-nine,
be put in the second section, under the head of de-
ficiencies, where they ousht to be. Let the items
stand as they were iti the first, when the bill was
reported, and the following items be inserted in
the second section:
For additional amount for binding documents, §30,000;
For additional amount required for engraving and litho-
graphing, ^30,000.
There was no objection, and the transfer was so
ordered.
Mr. MURRAY. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For the payment of salaries and other expenses of the
Census Bureau, until the completion ofthe mortality sta-
tistic*, $5,000. to be expended under tbe direction of the Sec-
retary ot the Interior.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. MURRAY. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For supplying a deficiency in the appropriation for the
printing of the executive departments, $33,873.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. CHANDLER. I would like to know
whether we have passed the first section, i have
been endeavoring for some time to get the floor,
with a view of offering an amendment there.
The CHAIRMAN. The firstsection has been
passed; but if there be no objection the gentle-
man's amendment will be received.
Mr. CHANDLER. I offer an amendment to
come in as a second section.
Mr. ORR. I must object to going back in the
bill. If the privilege is granted to one gentleman,
it must be to another, -and we shall never get
through with the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have not objected to going
back in the bill, so long as the object was merely
to transfer appropriations wh«ch had been im-
properly made to the deficiency portion of the
bill. If gentlemen have offered theiramendments
prematurely, 1 have no objection to their being
transferred; but \ must object to going back for
the purpose of offering new amendments.
Mr. MURRAY. I move the following amend-
ment:
For completing the printing of the Senate ordered during
the present se^ion, and paper for the same, $30,000.
For completing the printing ordered by the House during
the present ression, and paper for the same, $60,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NOBLE. I move to amend by inserting
the following:
To Norman It. Haskell, of Michigan, $350 56, in full of
ail charges as custodian of the public property.
The appropriation is recommended by the Sec-
retary of War, and arises under circumstances
which make it very proper that it should be
allowed, and proper that it should be allowed in
a deficiency bill. Mr. Haskell was placed as cus-
todian over public property at the rate of $15 per
monfh. His accounts have been regularly audi-
ted at the War Department, but have not been
paid from the fact that there was no appropriation
out of which they could be paid. I send to the
Clerk's desk letters from the Secretary of War,
and from Colonel Abert, of the Topographical En-
gineers, which I ask to have read, and which will
explain the whole matter.
The letters were read, as follows:
War Department, >
Washington, February 5, 1855 \
Sir: In reply to your inquiry, rec ived on the 18th
ultimo, in regard to the claim of'N.R. Haskell for compen-
sation for Ins services a-< agent m charge of the public
property at the harbor of Monroe, Michigan, I have the
hon'*r to transmit you a report of th<- Chief Topographical
Engineer, which yives a statement of the account of Mr.
Haskell, and the reason whv it has not been paid.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JEFF. DAVIS, Secretary of War.
Hon. D. A. Noble, House of Representatives.
Bureau of Topographical Engineers, ?
Washington, February 2, 1855 >
Sir: In reply to the letter of the Hon. D. A. Noble,
asking information in relation to the claim of N. R. Has-
kell, Esq., for services as acting agent in charge oi pubhe
property at the harbor of Monroe, Michigan, X have the
honor to report a* follows :
Upon referring to the accounts and correspondence of C.
Ii. Emerson,E-q , the person bavin# charge ofthe property
prior u> its being placed under the ehatge of Mr. Haskell, it
appears that the former was suddenly called irom Monroe,
arid on the 23d of April, 1851, placed the properly under the
charge o! the latter; and, at the same ti mo, transferred to
him a balance of $34 44, on account of the light-house at
Monroe.
This office was duly advised bv Mr. Emerson, on the
23d of Apnl, 1851, of his having placed the property under
the cnarge of Mr. Haskell, who has subsequently ac-
counted for it.
The accounts rendered by Mr. Haskell to this office, are
to the close of the first quaiter of 1853, showing a balance
due him of $360, for attending to the preservation oi the
pioperty.
The United States To AT. Jl. Haskell, Dr.
For services as custodian of public property at the
harbor of Monroe, Michigan, from 23d of Apnl,
1851, to 2d of May, 185i, inclusive, tvv< uty-four
months and ten days, at fifteen dollars per
month  $365 00
From which should be deducted a balance trans-
ferred to Mr. Haskell, on account of Monroe
light-house, not accounted lor by him, of.  14 44
Leaving a balance due him of.. .$350 56
But there is no appropriation out of which said balance
can be paid. It comes wituin the category of arrearages or
deficiencies for which, before payment can be made, it will
be necessary that Congres> should make the desired appro-
priation. Respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,
J. J. ABERT, Colonel Topogrupkicid Engineers.
Hon. Jeff. Davis, Secretary of W^r
The question was taken; and the amendment
adopted.
