896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22.
Mr. DISNEY. I offer for adoption theamend-
ment whkb I send to the Clerk's desk, and ask
to have read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
To pay tin- clerk- and draftsmen employed upon the maps
of the ptib'ic Luitls Tor Mm* [Iou-x of ttfpreeentativcs, and
the Om'muee on Public Lauds, for the balance of the
present ti-cal year, $4,0J0.
Mr. DISNEY. I have no speech to make; the
amendment will explain ilself.
The question was taken; and the amendment
adopted.
Mr. SOLLERS. I offer the following amend-
ment, which I send to the Clerk's desk; and I
desire to say a woid upon it before the Chair rules
it out of order.
The amendment was read, as follows:
■And be it further enacted, That the mm of $10,000 be,
and tlit' same is herehy, appropriated towards the comple-
tion ot the Washington Monmneni in the city of Washing-
ton, in Md of the Washington Monument Association, under
the direction of the Secretary of War.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to that amendment.
It is not in order.
The CH A1RMAN. The Chair sustains the
objection, and rules the amendment to be out of
order.
Mr. SOLLERS. Who raises a question of
order upon that amendment?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do.
Mr. SOLLERS. Well, sir, I appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand tellers upon the
appeal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sollers and
Kidwell were appointed.
The question " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
taken; and the tellers reported—ayes 79, noes 36;
no quorum voting.
fCries of " Call the roll!"]
The roll was then called, and the names of the
absentees noted.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr.
Hibbard] reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of Union had, according to
order, had the state of the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill, and having found itself
without a quorum had caused the roll to be called,
and had directed him to report the fact to the
House, with the names of the absentees.
A quorum (1G3 members) having answered to
their names, the committee again resumed its ses-
sion, and proceeded with the consideration of ihe
civil and diplomatic bill, the question being " Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the committee?"
The telleis (Messrs. Kuuvell and Sollers)
resumed their places.
The question was again put: " Shall the decision
of the Chair s'and as the judgment of the com-
mittee?" and the tellers reported—ayes 1U0, noes
So the decision of the Chair, ruling the amend-
ment out of order, was sustained.
Mr. MAY. I offer the following amendment: j
Tor incrpasod compensation to the clerks of Hie State !
Department, as provided for by existing law, I
Now, before the Chair decides any question of 1
order, 1 desire to be heard.
Mr JONKS, of Tennessee. I will say to the
gentleman, if he wishes to make his speech, that
a question of order might be raised, but for myself,
as i understand that the object of the amendment \
is to place the clerks in the State Department upon
the same footing as the clerks in the other Depart-
ments, I shall not make a question of order.
Mr. MAY. That is precisely the object of it;
but the gentleman from Maryland does not desire
to make a speech. He thinks the amendment
speaks for itself.
Mr. HOUSTON". I understand that theamend-
mem proposes to change the salaries of the clerical
force in the State Department. Some few salaries
it may diminish, but a majority of them it largely
increaspp. If that be true, it is against the rules
of the House, and I raise the question of order.
Mr. MAY. I will state 
fr'ries of "Older!'']
Fbe CH A f R V1AINT. The question of orderis [|
not debatable. Tlie gentleman from Maryland !!
can proceed if no objection be made. |j
Mr. SOLLERS. I must object.
The CHAI RMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, and rules the amendment out of order.
Mr. COBB. I offer the following amendment:
Provided further. That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to extend the
time of payment ot all dunes, except only the amount due
in fees to custom house officers, upon all iron rails, spikes,
bolts, fastenings, and other iron necessary for and to be
used in the coustiuction ot railroads, now or hereafter to be
imported into any ofthe ports of the United States, for the
term of four years, from and after the passage of this act:
Provded, That, before the delivery of such iron rails,
spikes, bolts, fastenings, as above, the payment ofthe said
duties so suspended by this act sh.ill be secured by the
bonds of such railroad companies with good personal se-
curity, to be appioved by the United States district judges :
Providd further, That, s soon as any portion of such
railroads shall be completed as will render it expedient, in
ihe judgment of the Postmaster General, to contract with
such railroad companies for the transportation of the mail
upon such railroads, that the Postmaster General do make
contracts with t-uch railroad companies to carrv the malls, as
aforesaid, within such rates as < re charged by other rail-
road companies for like service ; and that all such sums as
may arise in favor of such r«ulroad companies for carrying
the mml as aforesaid within the said term of four years,
from and after the passage of this act, &haH be reserved by
the Postmaster General lor the benefit ot the Treasury, and
applied, as they fall due, towards the payment and 'satis-
faction ofthe bond  of said companies, to be executed by
them for the payment of duties as aforesaid.
Sec. 2. Jludbe it further enacted, That, before such rail-
road companies shall be entitled to the benefit of this act/
they shall enter into an agreement to transport the United
States mail upon the terms and conditions prescribed by
law and the regulations of the Post Office Department
made in pursuance thereof: Provided, That the bonds to
be executed to secure the payment ofthe duties suspended
by this act s-hall he so drawn as to secure the payment of
interest on said dunes at the rate of six per cent, per annum.
Mr. ROBB1NS. I raise a question of order
on that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
Mr. COBB. I appeal from the decision ofthe
Chair.
The question was taken; and the decision of
the Chair was sustained.
Mr. HOUSTON.
ment:
In page 50, line twelve, after the word 4< appro-
priations," strikeout "$20,700 75,"and insert in
Iteu thereof, " #21,396."
The sentence, as amended, will read:
For publishing the laws in pamphlet form,*nd in the
newspapers m th« States and Territories, and in the Di°trict
of Columbia, in addition to aitv balance that may remain
of lormer appropriations, 1,396.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. ORR. I propose the following amendment
to the bill:
And Indian treaties hereafter shall be published only m
the ofheinl new-paper at Washington, and in the State or
Territory wherein the Indiana, making Mich treaties reside.
1 offer the following amend-
Mr. EDGERTON\ ! rise to a question of or-
der. The amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
objection, and rules the amendment to be out of
order.
Mr. ROWE. I move that the committee do
now j jse
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it to report the
bill ?
Mr. ROWE. No.
Mr. JONLS. Then I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his motion.
Mr. ROWE. I decline to withdraw it.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
Mr. IiENN. I offerthe following amendment:
That the accounting officers of the Treasury be, and they
are hereby, authonzed to allow the Secretary of the Terri
tory of Nebraska the difference between the salary of the
Governor of said Territory and hn salary as Secretary
during the period he acted as Governor after the d cease
of, and nil the arrival ofthe successor of, the lateG .vemor j
Burt; which amount, after being ascertained, is payable out i
j ol the appropriation for ^alaruib of Governor, three judges,
i and Secretary of ^id Territory, a* made by Congress tor i
the n-vcal year ending 30th June, 1*55. I
Mr. HAMILION. That amendment is not in I
order. j
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that the l
amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa i
is out of order. j
Mr. HENN. I think if the Chair would ex- I'
amine the subject, he will find that the amend-
ment, is notout of order.
[Cries of " Order J" " Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has held that
the amendment is out of order.
Mr. HENN. On what grounds?
The CHAIRMAN That it proposes to change
existing laws.
Mr. H ENN. Butit does not propose to change
existing Jaws.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no rightto
discuss ihe question more than any other member.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. A gentleman was talking to
me at the time the Clerk read by the point where
I now propose to offer an amendment, which is
provided for by resolution of the House.
Mr. WHEELER, and several other members.
I object to going: back. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. Oh, very well.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I offer the following
amendment;
That the Secretory of the Treasury be, and he herehy is,
authorized to settle the accounts of John Adair, collector
of customs at Astoria, Oregon, on principles of equity and
justice, taking into consideration the pariicular circum-
stances ofthe case.
Mr. LETCHER. I raise a point of order there;
the amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
objection, and rules the amendment to be out of
order.
Mr. LANE. I would be very much obliged to
the gentleman from Virginia if he would allow me
to have a letter read from the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. LETCHER. I should do so cheerfully,
but it cannot m§ke the amendment in order.
Mr. LANE. I want to satisfy my friend that
I ask nothing bv this amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. Oh, yes; the accounts are
to be settled on principles of equity and justice.
Mr. LANE. My fnend from Virginia would
not object if he heard 
[Loud cries of" Order !" " Order !"]
Mr. HA VEN. I propose to say a word as to
this amendment 
The CH AI R.MAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose the following
amendment:
^%0vlm[n**nt expPndi'ure of the Territory of Utah,
$I,J0S 37, to discharge such sum as the accounting officers
may deem to have been necessarily expended by the Exec-
utive during the years 185a, 1853, and 1854.
Mr. WHEELER.
der, Mr. Chairman?
1 he CHAIRMAN. The Chair sees no reason
why it is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is a deficiency for a con-
tingent outlay.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. PHELPS. I submit the following as an
amendment, to come in at this point. It is a defi-
ciency for the clothing ofthe Army.
Mr. HOUSTON. That amendment had better
come in under the head of " Miscellanies"— the
iasc item in the bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I prefer that it should come
in here. It is for the clothing of the Army.
The amendment was reported as follows*
For clothing for the Army, garri.son and camDeciuiDa^
and horse equipments, $125,069 03. equipage
Mr. PHELPS. I merely desire to explain to
the committee-  1
Mr WH EELER. Is that amendment in order,
Mr. Chairman ? *
Mr. PHELPS. I can only say that it is a
deficiency to an appropriation—it is only to supply
a c,olhl"? f°r Army. W "
The CHAIRMAN, (to Mr. Wheeler.) The
in orderCS "° reaSOn Why the amendment is not
Then the deoisions of the
YoTk^oufoTo^"' ThS g6nUeman fr°m W
Mr. PHLLPS. I have no desire to debate this
haVC '1er£ in hand a lelter
fhp O ? Secretary of War, and aiso a letier from
fici«.^arma.8teir General, stating how this de-
has arisen, and the necessity there is for
this appropriation. y f
wa?adoqpUted10n WM md the
meat- -DLER. I offer thefollowii
Is that amendment in or-
ving amend-
