898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February ;22,
in reference to the California Mint, from the super-
intendent, Mr. Birdsall. We will see whether he
can even guess as well as a Yankee. He says:
"You will herewith receive a statement, drawn in
accordance with your suggestion; I hope it will furnish
you with the desired information relative to ihe probable
deficiency in the appropriations of the current fiscal year,
available for the expenses of this institution.
" Our deductions frorii old deposits, as well as our ordi-
nary and contingent expenses, are so very variable, that it
isimpossible to set them down with auyihmg like accuracy.
I can, therefore, make only an approximate estimate of
these items. And the probability is, X tear, that the former,
in consequence of a great falling off in deposits for coin-
age, arising from a want of acids, will, for a time at least,
be mueh less than we had a right to expect when our first
estimates were made up; while the latter, in view of our
commencing the coinage of silver, will be considerably
increased. I have accordingly made what I deem a proper
allowance for these contingencies."
So the committee will see that it is what the
superintendent fears, and for which he makes an
approximate estimate; but there is nothing upon
the subject of laborers, or nothing approaching to
it, It is all indefinite and uncertain.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LATHAM, by permission, withdrew his
amendment.
Mr. ORR. I suppose an amendment to the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Chandler] would relieve the propositions
of the difficulties suggested 'by the gentleman from
New York. I move to amend by inserting the
words " if so much be necessary."
Mr. CHANDLER. I accept the amendment.
The auestion recurring upon the amendment as
modified,
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chandler
and Wheeler were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 64, noes 63.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRAIGE. 1 offer the following amend-
ment:
For construction of a new roof to branch Mint at Char-
lotte, North Carolina, $8,850.
Mr. CHAIRMAN, the following lettter from
the Secretary of theTreasury explains theamend-
mentand the necessity for it:
Treasury Department, January 13, 1855.
Sir: Representations having been made to thin Depart-
ment that the United States branch Mint at Charlotte,
North Carolina, needed certain repairs, the superintendent
was directed to report its condition. I-'rom his letter, and
those of the Director of the Mint—extracts from which are
herewith sent—and from specimens of the materia! used,
it appears that the roof of the building is so decayed as
scarcely to afford protection against the weather. The su-
perintendent also states, as will appear from his letter, that
there is constantly great danger from fire.
This Department caused measurements of the building
to be made, with a view to estimates for a fire-proof roof
for the same. From these, and other data at hand, it is as-
certained that a metallic ruof will cost j$&,t5.>0.
Congress has directed that the buildings, now in the
course of construction under this Department shall be cov-
ered with fire-proof roofs. A sound policy would seem to
dictate that like roofs be substituted for wooden ones,
wherever there is necessity for a change, and the character
of the buildings otherwise justifies such a measure.
T have, therefore, respectfully to suggest the propriety of
an appropriation of the amount named, and for the purpose
specified.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
JAMES GUTHRIE, Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. George S. Houston, Chairman of ihe Committee
of Ways and Means, House of Representatives.
It will be seen that the amount of appropriation
in the amendment is in accordance with the Sec-
retary^ estimate. The building has been on fire;
and taking into consideration the facts stated by
the superintendent of the Mint to the Director of
the United States Mint at Philadelphia, in the fol-
lowing extracts from his communication, I think
gentlemen will conclude with me that the amend-
ment ought to be adopted:
United States Branch Mint, )
Charlotte, N. C., December 8,1854. 5
Sir: On yesterday we had quite a narrow escape from
being destroyed by fire. Between one and two o'clock,
as the melier was melting a pot of ingots, a spark from his
chimney lighted on the roof, and set fire to the shingles j
and had it not been immediately discovered, there is no
telling what damage might have been done. * *
I therefore earnestly request that an appropriation be
made by Congress for covering the Mint with a metallic or
elate roof, as our present wooden one is very unsafe, sam-
ples of which, taken indiscriminately from the roof, I in-
close for your inspection, and from which you will perceive
we are daily in danger. *****
I beg, therefore, if it meets your approbation, that you
will have an item appropriated for covering the roof of this
Mint, either with tin or slate, whichever may be consid-
ered to combine the greatest safety with the greatest econ-
omy, and that authority be granted for the immediate ex-
penditure of the money.
1 have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient
servant, G. W.CALDWELL, Superintendent.
Mr. EDGERTON. Does the business of that
office pay its expenses?
Mr. CRAIGE.. Yes, sir; and a great deal
more, The mining district is one oV the largest
in the Union.
Mr. EDGERTON. That is not my question.
Does the business of the Mint pay its expenses?
Mr. CRAIGE. I have no doubt it does.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, I do not
think that there is a Mint, or branch Mint of the
United States which does riot bring this Govern-
ment into debt every year.
Mr. CRAIGE. There is more gold coined at
the Charlotte branch Mint than at almost any
other.
Mr. EDGERTON. I do not think that there
is any necessity for a Mint there at all.
Mr. CRAIGE. I demand tellers on'the amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Lamb and
Craige were appointed.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted, the tellers having reported—ayes
87, noes 49.
The next paragraph wns read:
u Independent Treasury.—For additional compensation of
the assistant tieasurer at'Nfew York, $2,000,"
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. I
move to amend that paragraph by adding the
following:
For additional compensation to the assistant treasurer at
Boston, 4*1,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is that amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair it is not.
Mr. WENTWORTH. It is certainly germane
to the language of the clause of the bill to which
it is offered.
The CHAIRMAN. That may be true, but it
would have the effect to change the existing law.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that the committee
do now rise. I will state that the item coming up
next in the bill is for custom-houses. I think we
had better postpone that item until to-morrow.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I ask for
tellers upon the motion.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the com-
mittee refused to rise—ayes 56, noes G2.
Next paragraph:
tl Cuhlom Houses.—For the completion of the custom-
house at San Francisco, California, $111,271 09.  
Mr. FULLER. I move to amend by adding
the following:
For the completion of the custom-house at Mobile, with
granite in the room of brick, $9o,000.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
That custom-house was finished last year, and
there cannot be any law authorizing this appro-
priation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair can see no
reason for ruling the amendment to be out of
order.
Mr.FULLER. Inexplanation of thatarnend-
ment, I will simply say that there has been ap-
propriated for this custom-house $265,000. The
contract was made on the 3fith of December, 1852,
to complete the building, with the alternative that
it should be completed either with brick or gran-
ite. A portion of the building is of granite, and
it was the opinion of the Committee on Com-
merce, based upon the report made by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and from that of the archi-
tect of the building, that considering the size and
commerce of Mobile, and considering the amount
which had been expended upon custom-houses
in Charleston, New Orleans, St. Louis, and other
places, it would be prudent and proper to com-
plete the custom-house at Mobile with granite, as
it was commenced.
The architect has sent in a communication,
which I think will be satisfactory, to show the man-
ner in which he made the mistake in his estimates
which were sent in last year. I have the letter in
my hand which I will have read if the committee
desire it.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire it. Let us have the
letter.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I object to the reading
of the letter. } .
The CHAIRMAN- Thegen.tleman frotnMame
can have it read as a part of* his speech if] he de-
sires it.
Mr. FULLER. Certainly I do. Read first
the letter from the Secretary-of the Treasury.
The letter was read, as follows:
- Treasury Department, February 22,. 1855,
Sir: In reply to your letter of the 20th instant,.I have
the honor to state that the contract for the erection of the
Mobile custom-house, as itis now being executed, requires
the lower story to be faced with granite, and the upper'to
be of bricks. It, however, contains a clause providing that
the whole building shall- be of granite, if Congress shall
appropriate the necessary funds. The proviso of the last
appropriation should complete the buildings, leaves the
Department no option but to construct the upper stories of
tins custom-house of brick.
Granite is better suited to the climate of Mobile, and
would make a much more beautiful building than brick.
The additional sum required, if granite is used, is estimated
by the superintendent at $95,000.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
JAMES GUTIIRIE, Secretary of the Treasury.
IIon.T. J. D. FoLler, Chairman Committee of Commerce,
House of Representatives.
Mr. LETCHER. Now, let ua have the letter
of the architect.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Maine is out. The question is upon
the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. I oppose the amendment,
and now 1 want the statement of the architect
read. 1 do not see any mistake in the letter that
has been read:
• The statement was read, as follows:
Statement of Facts relative to the deficiency in the amoun,
of appropriations for completing the Mobile custom house
The site of the custom house at Mobile is so far removed
from the river, and elevated so much above tide water, that
no trouble was anticipated from a bad soil, particularly as
there are, in the vicinity, many large buildings which had
shown no settlement, and every superficial indication led
to the belief that it was the best of alluvial formation for
sustaining a building. This led to the adoption of the orig-
inal design for the foundations; but after the contract was
made, upon digging, to put in the foundations, thpy came,
very unexpectedly, upon a quicksand, in many places of
the worst character, requiring a change of design and con-
struction, involving a large additional outlay to make the
foundations permanent and secure. This occurred some
time after the estimate for the completion of the custom-
house was submitted to Congress at its sessionsof i852*-'53,
and involved the necessity of enlarging many of the granite
stones of the basement story, which very much increased
their cost.
The remainder of the deficiency now proposed to be made
up by an appropriation, to enable the Department to con-
struct the whole of the exterior of granite, as originally
contemplated, arose from the fact that the prices in the
granite contract were by the foot, (not for an aggregate
sum,) and graduated to the values of the different kinds of
work, so that, at the time of making out the above esti-
mate of ISSQ-'SS, it would have required a great deal of
labor to have ascertained the exact aggregate amount of the
granite contract; and as at that time the whole force in the
office of construction of buildings was otherwise fully
employed, it could not be done.
Consequently it was necessary to trust to an approximate
estimate ol its amount, which was then supposed to be
ample, hut which was found not to be so upon an accurate
measurement made by the superintendent at Mobile since
the passage of the last appropriation.
AU which is respectfully submitted.
AMMI B.YOUNG,
Superintending Architect Treasury Department.
Mr. LETCHER. I shall say nothing about
this matter, but I ask that the Clerk shall read a
portion of the law upon this subject.
The Clerk read the law, as follows:
"And said Secretary of the Treasury shall enter into no
contract, either conditional or final, for the purposes men-
tioned, which shall involve an expenditure, in any one
case, beyond the sum appropriated and remaining unex-
pended for such case, and in all cases where such unex-
pended appropriation shall be insufficient to complete the
enure work, in such case the said Secretary of theTreas-
ury shall suspend all action in reference thereto, and shall
report to Congress, on the first day of the session, the con-
dition of the work in such case, and shall, at the same
time, lay before Congress such plans and estimates as m
his judgment shall be proper for the completion of the
building and work in such case."
xr.Mr-. PHILLIPS. Will the gentleman from
Virginia permit me to make a remark in reference
to this matter?
Jfr* * ^ave no objection at all.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The contract for this cus-
tom-house was made more than two years ao-o.
I here never was but one contract made for the
building'. It was a contract in, the alternative to
build either of brick or of granite. There has
been no change of the contract, either a year be-
fore the passage of the law, which has just been
read, or since. There has, therefore, been no
