1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89#
violation whatever of the provisions of that law.
At the last session of Congress a recommendation
from the Secretary of the Treasury was sent to
this House, asking for an additional appropriation.
I confess that I did understand that that additional
appropriation would have completed the building
in granite. On looking, however, tor the Secre-
tary's letter I perceive that he did not seem to
have come to that conclusion.
[Here the hamnfer fell.]
Mr. EASTMAN, i move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. ROWE. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Hamilton- were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes'51, noes 84.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question recurred upon Mr. Puller's
amendment.
Mr. PHILLIPS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phillips
and Edmundson were appointed. ^
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 40; noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment:
To enable the Secretary of State to pay to Messrs. Little,
Brown Co. for one hundred and ninety-seven pages of
additional post office routes, in the pamphlet volume of the
United States Statutes at Large, first session of the Thirty-
Third Congress, $4,125.
To defray expenses incurred, and to be incurred, in com-
plying with the resolution of the House of Representatives
of 27th December, 1854, $3,000.
For outfit of Minister of the United States to Spain,
$9,000.
For outfit of charge d'affaires or minister resident to New
Grenada, .$4,500.
For salaries and commissions of registers of land offices,
and receivers of public moneys, $110,0U0.
For expenses of depositing public moneys by receivers
of public moneys, $41,0o0.
For incidental expenses of the several land offices,
$11,000.
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
purchase for the new members from Virginia, Kentucky,
and New York, and the Delegatesfrom Kansas and Ne-
braska, the same books as have been furnished the other
members of the present House of Representatives, $7,4o2.
For the contingent expenses of the House of Represent-
atives.—For stationery for members, $-3,500.
For miscellaneous items, $10,000.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
The amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN, (to Mr, Houston.) Is
there any law providing for this appropriation?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir. By a resolution
of the House, passed a few days asjo, when my
friend from Georgia [Mr. Seward] was perhaps
at home, the House directed this expenditure of
money.
Mr. SEWARD. I came here, but the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Houston] was at home
sick.
[Laughter, and cries of ct Order."]
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair rules the
amendment to be in order.
Mr. HOUSTON". If the committee will give a
moment's attention, I will say what that first
clause means. The appropriation for $471 to
which I called the attention of the committee a
short time since, was a deficiency for the publica-
tion of the laws in the various newspapers in the
States and Territories. By the contract with
Little & Brown for publishing this pamphlet edi-
tion of the laws, which I hold in my hand, the
same deficiency has grown up, occasioned by the
same post office bill. The large amount of matter
put into this bill made it so much more volumi-
nous than usual, that it caused this deficiency.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I propose an
amendment to that section of the amendment
which relates to the appropriation for stationery
for members of the House:
And that the allowance to each member of Congress at
the present session shall be thirty-five dollars, instead of
twenty five dollars, as heretofore.
1 desire to say this: that I do not believe there
is a member of Congress who discharges his duty
to his constituents that does not, during a short
session, consume more stationery than he can
purchase at the office of the Clerk for twenty-five
dollars, which is now the allowance. My amend- j
merit proposes to make the allowance thirty-five
dollars.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I say to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] that I be-
lieve I have attended to every application from my
constituents—to each and every one of them. I
have heard no complaint from any of them that I
did not attend to theirprivate business here, either
at this or any former session, and I have always
found the allowance for stationery sufficient, and
abundance to spare, for the business which de-
volves upon me.
Mr. STANTON. Certainly I never intended
to charge the gentleman from Tennessee, or any
other member, with not discharging his duties to
his constituents. I believe I am as economical in
the use of stationery as even the gentleman from
Tennessee himself, and yet I have found that it
has cost me, out of my pocket, more than the
amount Congress allows for that purpose, in order
to meet the exigencies of my position as a mem-
ber.
Mr. JONES. I think that forty-five dollars at
the long session, and twenty-five at the short ses-
sion is amply sufficient for stationery.
Mr. HUNT. By no means.
The question being on Mr. Stanton's amend-
ment to the amendment, offered by Mr. Houston,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Dawson were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 77, noes 57.
So the amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanton's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. It will be neces-
sary to increase the appropriation in view of the
vote just taken. I move to strike out $2,500, and
insert $4,910.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose that follows as a
matter of course.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
gentlemen if that amount is estimated to include
the Delegates. There are two hundred and thirty-
four members, exclusive of the Delegates.
Mr. STANTON. I have added $2,410, and
the amendment provides for two hundred and
forty-one members.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment as amended; and it was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
For completing the Little Falls bridge, $60,000, provided
the said bridge can be completed under contract with some
responsible bidder for said sum of money, in the style and
manner in which said bridge has been so far constructed.
Mr. ROWE. I will ask the Chair if that amend-
ment is in order.
Mr. SMITH. I will read an extract from the
report of the Secretary of the Interior upon this
subject, which will show the necessity of the
amendment I have offered:
u Under the appropriation of $15,000 for completing the
Little Falls bridge, a contract has been entered into for
erecting on the stone abutment and piers already built, two
spans of wooden bridge, in length three hundred and
twenty feet. The plan adopted is known as 'Howe's Tru«s,'
combined with niches, and the structure is to he capableof
sustaining a test-weight or load of one ton for every loot in
length. To make it available for travel, an inclined timber
road way will be constructed, to lead from the river bot
torn, which is dry at low water, up to the road way of the
bridge. This part w liable to be carried away by the spring
freshets, but can be replaced at a comparatively small cost.
The whole will be completed by ihe 15th instant. To
finish the bridge as originally proposed would, according to
Illegitimate of the engineer m charge, cost §75,000 more.
If appropriated, the Department will endeavor to eipend it
judiciously and with frugality."
I need say nothing more to show the necessity
of the appropriation; and I hope that the commit-
tee will agree to the amendment.
Mr. ROWE. Is this amendment in order?
Has there been any law authorizing the construc-
tion of this work?
Mr. SMITH. There have been two preceding
appropriations made for this very bridge.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
as the bridge has been commenced under the au-
thority of the Government, that the amendment of
the gentleman from Virginia is in order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that the
committee rise.
The motion was lost—ayes forty-three, noes
not counted-.-
Mr. MORGAN demanded tellers, which were
ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler, and Jones* of
Louisiana, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 44, noes 80. So the committee refused to
rise.
Mr. JAMES C. AtXEK., I move the fcom-
rriittee do now rise,, and report the bill to'the
House.
The CHAIRMAN- That motion is not in
order, while there is an amendment pending.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Smith, of Virginia; and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. I have an amend-
ment which I propose to offer. If the committee
will listen to me a moment, I will explain it so
fully that-all will be satisfied of its correctnessv
The amendment was read as follows:
Sec. —. And be it further enaclcd, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be authorized to sell the United States court-
house and the water lot belonging to the United States, at
Detroit, Michigan, upon which the custom-house, post
office and court-house were directed to be constructed
under the provision of the second section of the act ap-
proved August 5,1854, and to apply so much of the pro-
ceeds as may be necessary, to purchase a suitable site for
said building as is therein provided for, and on which the
Secretary is authouzed to erect the same. s
Mr. STUART. The lot in the city of Detroit
which belongs to the Commissary Department of
the Government, and on which this building was
authorized to be erected, is too small for the build-
ing, the plan of which has been designed for
this custom-house, post office and court-house.
The amendment asks no new appropriation from
the Treasury, but simply that this property may
be sold and the proceeds applied to the purchase
of a suitable lot for the building.
Mr. SOLLERS. I object to the amendment, aa
out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
objection and rules it out of order.
Mr. STUART. X appeal from the decision of
the Chair. 1 cannot see upon what ground the
Chair decides the amendment out of order. .
The CHAIRMAN. Upon the ground that it
changes the existing law, by its very words. The
question is " Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Committee?"
Mr. STUART. Upon that I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stuart, of
Michigan, and Dayis, of Indiana, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes fifty-three, not a majority of a quorum.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled.
The question recurring upon the amendment,
Mr. STUART demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stuart, of
Michigan, and Morgan were appointed.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to, the tellers having reported—ayes
ninety-three, noes not counted.
Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN. I move that the
committee do now rise and report the bill to the
House.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have an amendment to
offer.
Mr. EDGERTON. So have I.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to rise and
report the bill, is not in order while gentlemen
have amend ments to olfer. Motion may be made
that the committee rise.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. 1 demand t'ellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dayis, of
Indiana, and Macy were appointed.
The question was taken; and the committee
agreed to rise, the tellers having reported—ayes
69, noes 65.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that the
Committee of ihe Whole on the state of the Union
had had the state of the Union generally under
consideration and particularly the civil ana diplo-
matic appropriation bill, and had come to no res-
olution thereon.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A.message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Sidnet Webster, his
Secretary, notifying the House that he had ap-
proved and signed bill of the House (No. 689)
"establishing the office of surveyor general m
Utah, and granting land for school and university
purposes," and several bills of a private character.
