900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February23,
WASHINGTON MOSUMENT.
Mr. MAY. Mr. Speaker, this is the 32;1 of
February, the birth-day of the Father of his
Country, and it is most fitting that the House
should now receive the report of the select com-
mittee in reference to the Washington National
Monument. They have instructed me to report
a joint resolution.
Mr. JONES. Does the gentleman propose to
put the resolution on its passage ?
Mr. MAY. No, sir. The committee have
also instructed me, after a due consideration of
the report and its relation to the true interest of
that pious work, and in order to remove from the
minds of the people anydistrust touching its man-
agement and character, to move that one hundred
thousand extra copies of the report be^irdered to
be printed for distribution by members among
their constituents.
[Cries of " Report the resolution !"] •
The Clerk.reported the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the.sum of $200,000 be, and the samo ia
hereby, appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to bp paid to the board of managers
of the Washington National Monument Society, on requi-
sition therefor of (lie President of the United States; the
same to be paid in five equal annnnl instalments; it being
a subscription by the Congress of the United States towards
the monument now erecting by,taid Society to the memory
of Washington.
*
The joint resolution was read a second time by
its title.
The SPEAKER. What does the gentleman
propose in reference to the disposition of the res-
olution ?
Mr. MAY. I leave it with the House.
, [Cries of " Put it on its passage."]
Mr. HUNT. 1 move that the resolution be put
on its passage Public sentiment is with us, and
every man's heart is in the action.
Mr. SOLLERS. Right! Let the resolution
be passed; I second the gentleman heartily.
Mr, HUNT. I move a suspension of the rules,
if it be necessary, in order that the resolution may
be put on its passage.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion for the
suspension of the rules already pending. The
gentleman's motion can bfe entertained by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. DUN EXAM. I object.
_ Mr. MAY. I will state again that the instruc-
tions of the select committee were to present the
joint resolution to the House, and ask that one
hundred thousand extra copies of -the report may
be printed.
Mr. MURRAY. The motion for extra copies
must go to the Committee on Printing.
■ [Much confusion prevailed in the Hall, mem-
bers on all sides of the Hail addressing the Speaker
at the top of their voices.]
The SPEAKER. The rules of the House gives
the Speaker the right to speak first upon a ques-
tion of order, and the Chair will insist upon the
rule being observed. Gentlemen on all sides seem
desirous of suspending the rules, that this bill may
be put upon its passage. The Chair announced
that there was already a motion pending to sus-
pend the rules, made by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and that the joint resolution could only
be taken up by unanimous consent. Objection
being made, the gentleman from Maryland now
proposes that one hundred thousand extra copies
of the report of the select committee be printed.
The Chair must state that the rules of the House
require motions to print extra numbers of any
document to go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. MAY. By unanimous consent the rule
may be dispensed with.
Mr. MACDONALD. I object.
Mr. MAY. Cannot the rules be suspended, to
admit action on the motion to print extra copies?
The SPEAKER. Not at this time. The motion
will go to the Committee on Printing without a
motion.
Mr. MACDONALD. I move that the House
do now adjourn. «
Mr. SOLLERS. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to make an
inquiry of the Chair for information. Some gen-
tlemen may vote against adjourning with a view
of enabling the gentleman from Maryland to sus-
pend the rules. Now, I ask the Chair whether
there is not a motion pending to suspend the rules
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,'which
must first be disposed of, in case the House refuse
to adjourn ? ^
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again state,
that no motion can be made to suspend the rules,
for any purpose whatever, until the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania has been decided by
the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, cannot we dispose
of the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
and then take up that of the gentleman from
Maryland ?
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. The motion
made by me, I understand, is now pending, and
is the only obstacle in the way of taking up the
matter which thegentleman from Maryland desires
to bring before the House, I can say to the House
in one word 
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that the pending
motion is that made by the gentleman from Maine,
that the House do now adjourn, which motion is
not debatable.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I demand the vote
upon the motion to adjourn.
Mr. JONES. Well, I will only say that if the
House refuse to adjourn I will withdraw my mo-
tion.
[Cries of " Order!" " Order!"]
The question was taken, and the motion agreed
to—ayes 75, noes 56.
And thereupon, the House, at half past four
o'clock, adjourned until to-morrow at eleven
o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 23, 1855.
. Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITION.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of David
Holt, a soldier of the war of 1812, praying to be
allowed to locate his eighty-acre bounty land war-
rant on a certain tract of land not subject to pri-
vate entry, with the privilege of entering the
residue of the tract at private entry; which was
referred-to the Committee on Public Lands.
FUNERAL EXPENSES.
Mr. TOUCEY submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to;
Resolved, That there be paid to the widow of the late
Hon. Moses Norris, deceased, out of the contingent fund
of the Senate, the hain*: amount, for the funeral expenses
of the deceased, that was paid to the widow of Hon. Wil-
liam Upliam, late a Senator, for a similar purpose; and
that ihe expenses of the committee and officers of Ute Sen-
ate who accompanied the remains to New Hampshire, be
also paid out of the contingent fund, under the direction
ot the committee of arrangement.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
Mr.-BP-OWN. I move to take up the' resolu-
tion which I laid upon the table some mornings
ago, fixing the hour of adjournment at twelve
o'clock on Saturday night the 3d of March.
Mr. PETT1T. Does that take precedence of
reports ?
The PRESIDENT. The first business prop-
erly in order is the reception of petitions, and the
next ia reports; but if Senators make motions to
suspend the regular order of business, the Chair
must put them.
Mr. BROWN. I have had this resolution
lying on the table for several mornings, waiting
until we should be able to take it up in its regular
order, but it seem3 I may wait to all eternity
without getting it up, for members will introduce
other matters.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the following
resolution:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,)
That the President of the Senate and Speaker of the House
ol Representatives adjourn their respective Houses sine die
on the night of the 3d of March, at twelve o'clock.
Mr. BROWN. I do not wish to discuss the
resolution unless others do.
Mr. STUART, I move toslrikeoutthewords
" at twelve o'clock."
Mr. BROWN. 1 wish to say a word on that.
We all know very well that the 4th of March
this year comes on Sunday, and every member of
Congress knows perfectly well that Jf we fix the
hour of adjournment at twelve o'clock on Satur-
day night, we shall get through our business just
as well as if we sit xiere until twelve o'clock on
Sunday, to'which hour Congress has sometimes
sat. On one occasion the Senate resolved that
the 3d of March did not expire until meridian
the next day. It was a resolution that was passed
under extraordinary circumstances, and it 'laid
down a rule that it would be better to violate
than to observe. While I do not profess to be a
saint in such matters, I believe the moral example
of Congress sitting here in broad daylighton Sun-
day cannot have otherwise than a demoralizing
effect upon the country. I hope that no such
thing will be done, unless there shall be some
more pressing necessity for it than'there will be
if we simply discharge*our duties.
There is another consideration, Mr. President.
Sessions from midnight until day have never been
creditable to Congress. They will not be so this
year, if we permit them to occur. We a-re re-
quired to adjourn on the 3d of Mareh. That is
well known; but there have been decisions in
which I cannot concur as to the hour at which
the day terminates. I doubt the right of Congress
to continue the session beyond midnight, and on
this occasion I do not hesitate to say, that we
ought not to sit beyond that hour, in opposition
to the moral sense of the country, for the 4th.of
March will be Sunday. If, however, the Senate
are determined, by a deliberate vote, to sit here
until Sunday morning dawns, let them do it. I
wash my hands clear of any such business.
Mr. STUART. My object in moving the-
amendment is not to demoralize Congress. Who-
ever attempts it, will find that he cannot go further
than his individual person is concerned. It is true
it frequently happens, at the close of a session,
that measures of the very highest importance re-
quire half an hour, or an hour, for their consider-
ation. The experience of Congress has'shown
that over and over again. Sir, in the little time
that I have been here, 1 have seen measures of the
most vital importance to the country undetermined
on the last day of the short sessions, and carrying
Congress three or four hours beyond the time.of
adjournment. , '■
Mr. BROWN. Allow me to ask the Senator
one question. Has he known of a solitary instance
where Congress fixed the hour of adjournment,
that it was not ready to adjourn when the hour
came} I know of but one case where we run five
minutes over the time. The civil.and diplomatic
bill had been sent to the President, who was in the
Capitol, and it had not been returned at twelve
o 'clock. The Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives, [Air. Cobb,] said: " I will allow a little for
the variation in time-pieces; by our clock it is
twelve o'clock, but by that of the Senate and the
President, it may not be twelve." Before the ex-
piration of five minutes the bill was brought back,
and that is the only instance in which I have ever
known the session to run even five minutes beyond
the time fixed for the adjournment; but when we
do not fix the hour we run ten, twelve, or fourteen
hours over.
Mr. STUART. No longer ago than the last
session of this Congress we were compelled to
extend, for twenty-four hours, the period fixed by
a resolution which was adopted against the pro-
testation of a very large number of the Senate.
We could not have done the business without that
extension of time, and yet at every session the ar-
gument is used that if you only fix the hour you
will certainly get through the business by the time
you may fix.
There is another point, Mr. President. This
resolution may be just as well considered four or
five days hence as now. It may just as well, be
considered on the morning of the 3d of March
as now; and we shall be vastly better prepared to
decide it then, for we shall then know what is the
condition of business, and we shall be able to act
much more intelligently than we can now. Be-
sides, sir, there are not two-thirds of the Senate
present to vote upon this resolution, and as it is not
of such a pressing character that it need be dis-
posed of this morning, I move that it He upon the
t table.
Mr. BROWN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 11, nays 26, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Broil-
