THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 23,
tion, nothing in the world, that can either incline
me to do anything that will tend to produce an
extra Session, or even reconcile me to it by the
consideration of any incidental advantages, or in-
cidental gratification.
Then, Mr. President, what other consideration
can be imagined as the moving cause to this
change the mode pf proceeding ip administering le-
gislative business?' Whom will it benefit? Who
will be helped by it? What interest of the country
will be promoted by it? What mighty operation
is it? It is to cut off twelve hours from the exist-
ing session ?
In the next place, is it sought thus summarily
to bring the session to a close, irrespective of the
public business at that time, because the 4th of
March happens, in the present year, to fall on
Sunday? Is it out of a sacred regard for the sol-
emn duties to which that day should be devoted ?
If that be the object, I do not agree in the sup-
posed suggestion. Sir, I know no more proper
and justifiable object to which Sunday can be ap-
plied than the discharge of the business which con-
cerns the welfare and the happiness of twenty-five
millions of people, when itis necessary so to apply
it. I recognize nothing in Sunday which makes
it unlawful to treat it "as an institution made for
man, intended" for the benefit of man, to be used
for the bentfit of man, primarily to be used, ordi-
narily to be used, undouBtedty, in the discharge of
the rdigious duties that belong to man; but not
because those religious duties are of such a de-
scription that it is unlawful to apply it to any
other purpose. I know and recognize no theology
which teaches such a proposition; and though I
Bhould consider it highly unbecoming for Congress
wantonly, or unnecessarily, to devote Sunday to
legislative business, I say that if, when twelve
o'clock arrives on Saturday night, the legislative
businessof the session is not concluded, it is a
high Christian duly of Congress to prosecute that
business until it is finished. If, indeed, we had
the power to meet again on the Monday thereafter,
it would be our duty to adjourn to Monday; but,
not having the constitutional power to do so, 1
say, Mr. President, according to the notions of
religious duty which 1 have been taught, it is a
high solemn religious duty to prosecute the session
for the few hours that may be necessary to bring
to inclose those measures which we have initiated,
ana in the successful prosecution of which the
country has a deep interest.
Mr. President, [ should not have made these
remarks if an opportunity had been afforded us to
think upon this subject. This matter is suddenly
brought up; itis to be hurried through without pre-
cedent, without example, and must, in the result, be
either useless, as the honorableSenator from Texas
has suggested, by having it rescinded if the public
business requires it, or must be mischievous, if per-
severed in, by compelling us to close the session
before we have concluded the business for!which the
session was opened, and be thereby guilty of the
solecism of making the means more important than
the end. For these reasons I hope the resolution
will not he adooted.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, I had no idea
that it was possible to throw such a flood of light
upon this intricate subject. 1 am convinced by
my very distinguished friend from North Caro-
lina, experimentally, if not logically, that I was
in a very great error. My apology for it is, that
I was extremely anxious to bring up this morning,
for the consideration of the Senate, a bill, in my
judgment, of the very highest importance—a bill
providing for the effectual execution of the laws of
the United States, by extending the judicial pro-
tection of this Government to its officers. That
is my apology, and I will riot again venture to
hope that a subject may pass without being de-
bated, especially if it be a very intricate one.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to say that the expla-
nation of my friend from Connecticut is entirely
satisfactory, and I accept his apology. [Lsugfeer.]
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, 1 shalrvote
for this resolution, and I wish to state why in a
very few words. The experience that I have had
here has satisfied me that no session of Congress
can be brought to an end and its responsibilities
fully discharged, unless Congress shall sit, or the
Senate shall sit here one or two nights towaids
the cloge of the session; and that if no such reso-
lution as this be passed, we shall then- sit the
whole of Saturday night, and until Sunday; but
if a limitation be fixed, as is proposed in this reso-
lution, all the inconvenience wilt be that we shall
sit on Friday night instead of on Saturday night,
and I think it is much wiser and much better to
sit on Friday night, and adjourn at twelve o'clock
on Saturday night, and thus conform our inter-
prejation of the duration of the legislative day to
the judicial and customary interpretation of the
country, and not offend the public morals by set-
ting a different construction here from that which
is maintained by society at large.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the adoption of the resolution, resulted—yeas 28;
nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Brainerd, Bright,
Brown, Butler, Chase, Clay, Cooper, Dawson, Dodgy of
Wisconsin, Evans, Fessenden, Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Gil-
lette, Hamlin, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee,
Pearce, Seward, Shields, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky,
Toucey, Wade, and Wilson—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Benjamin, Brodhead,
Gwin, Mallory, Morton, Pratt. Rusk, Sebastian, Stuart,
Thomson of New Jersey, and Walker—13.
So the resolution was agreed to.
safe-keeping of prisoners.
On motion by Mr. STUART, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the following reso-
lution, yesterday submitted by him, and it, was
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the necessity of providing for the
erection at Detroit, in the Slate of Michigan, of suitable
buildings for the safe-keeping of such persons as may be
subject to confinement under thelawsof the United States.
texas debt bill. ''
Mr. RUSK. An error has occurred in the
Journal, and in the report of the committee of
conference on Senate bill to provide for the pay-
ment of the claims of such creditors of the late
Republic of Texas as are comprehended in the
act of Congress of September 9, 1850, by which
"six" was substituted for "five." I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate that the error
may be corrected.
-Mr. HUNTER. The Journal is right, I un-
derstand; but the report of the committee of con-
ference made that error. It is not, however,' a
material error, because the vital part—that is, the
amount which has been appropriated—is right.
We cannot, however, by unanimous consent, cor-
rect the error in the report of the committee of
conference. The House should first do that.
Mr, RUSK. It has already been corrected in
the House.
Mr. HUNTER. That makes a difference.
There being no objection the correction was
ordered to be made.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, announced that they
had agreed to the following resolution:
Resolved, That the report of the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill of
the Senate entitled " An act to provide for the payment of
such creditors of the late Republic of Texas as are com-
prehended m the act of Congress of September 9,1850,"
heretofore agreed to by the iwo Houses, be amended by
striking out the words " six hundred and fifty,*' in the third
line of the second page of said report, and inserting ufUeu
thereof the words " live hundred and fifty."
court of claims.
The message also informed the Senate that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate to estab-
lish a court for the investigation of claims against
the United States.
general jackson's sword.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President, by
the death of General Andrew Jackson, General
Robert Armstrong became the possessor of the
sword which was worn by that distinguished man
in his southern campaigns duringthe war of 1812.
The late General Robert Armstrong, as you are
aware, sir, is dead, and his heirs are anxious to
preserve and perpetuate so appropriate a memento
of the distinguished services of that illustrious
man. With that view, they are desirous to pre-
sent it to the Congress of the United States, that
it may become the property of the Republic, in
whose cause it was drawn. 1 rise, therefore, to
inform the Senate, that the venerable Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Cass] and my respected colleague
[Mr. Bell] will ask permission to present it to
the Congress of the United States at twelve o'clock
on Monday next.
ENROLLED BILLS.SIGNED. < -
The following enrolled bills and joint resolutions
were severally signed by the Presidentpro tempore^ ■
having previously received the signature of th<5
Speaker of the House of Representatives:
A joint resolution in favor of William JMonagari;
House bill to provide for holding the United
States courts in the northern and southern dis-.
tricts of Florida, in case of the sickness or disabilty
of either of the judges of those districts;
. A bill increasing the pension of Anthony W.
Bayard, of Bellefonte, in the State of Pennsyl-
vania;
A bill to establish a court for the investigation
of claims against the United States;
A bill concerning the apprehension and delivery
of deserters from foreign vessels in the ports of the
United States;
A bill to provide for the payment of such cred-
itors of the late Republic of Texas as are compre-
hended in the act of Congress o£ September 9,
1850; and
A joint resolution, for the relief of Rebecca Hin-
ton. s
protection of officers of the unite©
states. "
Mr. TOUCEY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill reported by
myself from the Committee on the Judiciary to
protect officers and other persons acting under the
authority of the United States.
Mr. BELL. I ask the honorable Senator from
Connecticut to allow me to present two resolutions
of inquiry, that they may go to the committees.
I have been waiting for some time to present
them.
Mr. TOUCEY. I trust the Senator from Ten-
nessee will indulge me in"taking up this bill.
Mr. WALKER. It will be recollected that
but for the adoption of the order which was agreed
to yesterday, this would be private bill day.
When the order was made, dispensing with pri-
vate business for to-day, the Senate were assured
that it was not the design to cut off action on pri-
vate bills, but it was even argued that it would
give greater facility to taking up private business.
Now, the morning hour has expired, and I desire
that the Senate shall "appropriate some portion of
this day to the consideration of the few private
bills yet upon the Calendar. Some of them are
cases on which I have reflectedj and into which I
have looked, and ascertained,! think, theirmerits;
and I desire that they may be acted upon.
1 hope the Senate will not adopt" the motion of
the Senator from Connecticut, and will not take up
the bill which he has moved to take up, which, we *
must see, or which most of us think we see, will
occupy this day, to say the least, in its discus-
sion. I have a motion to make to take up a pri-
vate bill, and a second, and a third private bill,
and that, I think, will see the end of my senato-
rial duties in this Chamber. I had hoped that a
portion of this day would be devoted to private
business, after the assurances we had yesterday
when the order was made.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion Qf the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. PETTIT. On that I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHASE. 1 simply wish to say—I have
not voice enough to say more than two or three
words—that this bill must inevitably lead to
debate. It presents questions of very great im-
portance, and, in my judgment, is so framed that
the Senate cannot finally pass it in its present
shape. I think, at any rate, there is no possi-
bility of the bill being passed by the House at this
session, so that it will be a waste of time for the
Senate to consider it now.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger,Bayard, Bell, Benjamin,Bright,
Dawson, Evans, Fiizpatrick, Geyer, Gwin, flunler, John-
son, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Morton, Pearce, Pratt,
Rusk, Sebastian, Smart, Thompson of Kentucky, Toucey,
and Wells—S3. "
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Brainerd, Chase, Cooper, Fes-
senden, Gillette, James Pettit, Seward, Shields, Sumner,
"Wade, Walker, Wilson, and Wright—15.
So the motion was agreed to; and the bill to
protect officers and other persons acting under the
authority of the United States, was read a second
