THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February M|
reported the following bills; which were read a first
and second time by their titles, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, made the order for
to-morrow, and, with the accompanying reports,
ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Jesse French, of Bain-
tree, Massachusetts;
Atijll to enable P. M. Kent, late pension agent
in New Albany, Indiana, to adjudicate and settle
his accounts; and
A bill for the relief of Mary P. B. Levely.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported bills, which were read
a first and second time by their titles, as follows,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and,
with the accompanying reports, ordered to be
printed:
A bill granting a pension to Dolly Empson;
A bill for the relief of Robert II. Stevens;
A bill"for the relief of Charles H. Pointer; and
A bill for the relief of Daniel Nickel.
Also, from the same committee, reported a bill
to amend and extend certain acts granting pen-
sions; which was read a first and second time by
its title, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, from the same committee, reported back
Senate bill (No. 603) for the relief of Mrs. Nancy
Wealherford, widow of Colonel Wm. Weather-
ford, of the 1st regiment Illinois Volunteers in
the Mexican war, with amendments; which were
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and
ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. HENDRICKS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be dis-
charged from the further consideration of Senate bill
(No. 412) for (he relief of Mrs. Catharine JDickersou, and
thai it be referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported adversely in the fol-
lowing case; which was laid upon the table:
Petition of Irene G. Scarntt, widow of Jere-
miah W. Scarritt, an officer in the Army of the
United States, praying for a pension.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, reported bills; which were
read a first and second time by their titles, as fol-
lows, referred toaCommitteeof the Whole House,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and,
with the accompanying reports, ordered to be
printed:
A bill for the relief of George W. Whitten, of
Newfield, in the State of Maine.
A bill granting a bounty land warrant to Ozias
Hart, of Seneca county, Ohio.
Mr. THURSTON, from the Committee on
Patents, reported adversely in the following cases;
which were laid upon the table:
Memorial of Alexander Mitchell for extension
of patent for screw pile iron light-house.
Petition of Joseph Nock, for the renewal of a
patent right, the original term of which has ex-
pired.
Petition of Andrew Norse, for extension of
patent for improvement in capstans.
Petition of John Pettibone.
Mr. BRIDGES, from the Committeeon Patents,
reported back Senate bill for the relief of Obed
Hussey, with the recommendation that it do pass;
which was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, made the order of the day for to-morrow,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HILL, from the Committee on Patents,
reported a bill for the relief of Cyrus H. McCor-
mick; which was read a first and second time by
its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, made the order of the day for to-morrow,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FAULKNER. I was out of the House
when the Committee on Military Affairs was called,
and I hope that I may have the unanimous con-
sent to now submit some reports from that com-
mittee.
There was no objection.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on
Mijitary Affairs, reported back the following Sen-
ate bills, with the recommendation (hat they do
pass; which were referred to a Committee"of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Brevet Brigadier General
John B. Walbach, of the United Stales Army.
A bill for the relief of Jacob Dodson; and
A bill for the relief of George W. Torrence,
Mr. F. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of the heirs of the late Colonel.
Hardin; which was read a first and second time
by its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, made the orderof the day for to-morrow,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. F., also, from the same committee, reported
the following, which were read the first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed:
A bill fot the relief of Mrs. Ann W. Butler;
A joint resolution for the relief of Joseph Ay-
mer;
A bill authorizing the payment of certain clerks
in the Third Auditor's Office an additional allow-
ance out of the military contribution fund;
A bill explanatory of an act entitled " Atl act
to increase the pay of the rank and <file of the
Army, and to encourage enlistment;" and
A bill for the improvement of certain military
roads in the Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. F., also, from the same committee, made
an adverse report upon the following memorials;
which were laid upon the table, and the commit-
tee discharged from the further consideration
thereof:
The petition of Charles W. Ogden, for compen-
sation while acting as paymaster;
The memoial of W. F. Reynolds, for expenses
incurred whilst acting on the northeast boundary;
The petition of Nathan Dickerson, praying
relief for injuries received whilst in the military
service of the United States;
The memorial of S.T. Van Deusen, praying
the passage of an act granting quartermasters in
the war of 1812 bounty land;
The petition of eighty-eight inhabitants of Ver-
mont, praying Congress to protect their rights as
stockholders in the Concord Railroad Corporation;
The memorial of Julian Ann Morgan for a
pension;
The me'moria! of John Prentis, offering an im-
provement in shells, &c., to the Government;
The papers in the case of S. Calvert Ford, late
sutler, united States Army;
•The memorial of William Hutchenson, asking
compensation for services rendered in the war of
1812;
The claim of Robert Kirkham for remuneration
for property destroyed by the United States troops;'
The memorial of Gustavus Htngburgh for an
increase of pension;
The memorial of William Harwell, asking pay
for his services in the war of 1812; and
The memorial of John C. McFerrar, of the
United States Army, praying for relief.
Mr. PENNINGTON. There is a bill upon
the Speaker's table, from the Senate, (No. 530,)
which is similar in its character to many which
have been referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. I ask that it may be
taken up and referred.
There being no objection, Senate bill to continue
the improvement of the harbor of Newark, New
Jersey, was taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second time by its title, referred to the
Committeeof the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BOYCE I was accidentally out of my
seat when the Committeeof Claims was called.
I ask the consent of the House to make a report
from that committee.
There being no objection,
Mr. BOYCE, from the Coifimittee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Cassius M. Clay;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAVEN. There is a bill on the Speak-
er's table (No. 565) in reference to the improve-
ment of the Ohio river, which is in the same cat-
egory with that just taken up and referred by the
gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Pennington.]
I ask that it may be taken up and referred. j
There being- ilo objection, Seriatt bill for the
improvement of the navigation of the Ohio river
was taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Uflioff,
and ordered to be printed. , '
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the'
consent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table Senate bill (No. 500) to continue the im-
provement of the Des Moines and Rock river
rapids, in the Upper Mississippi, and have.it
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. McMULLIN. Has the call of the coin-
mittees for reports been gone through with ?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. McMULLIN. I object to anything else
being done until the committees have all been
called.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The bill is of the same
character of others which have just been taken up
and referred. I hope no one will object.
Mr. FULLER. What bill is that?
The SPEAKER. For the improvement of the*
Des Moines and Rock river rapids.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. FULLER. "I object; and 1 wish to call
the attention of the House, for a moment, to the
fact that I understand certain bills have been Re-
ported as coming from the Committee on Com-
merce this morning, and referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. I
have a question which I desireto make in refer-
ence to that action.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. The gentleman from Maine
is not in order-in making a speech.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot tell
whether the gentleman is in order or not, until he .
hears what proposition he proposes to make.
Mr. FULLER. I have a question to present
to the House, as to the regularity of these reports.
Friday is the regular morning for the meeting of
our committee. They did meet, and were in ses-
sion until the time of the organization of .the
House. Since that time, however, I understand,
that certain members of the committee have met
informally and agregd to report certain bills, which
had been referred to the committee—selected from
some fifty in number. The question which I wish
to make is, that that meeting of the committee
during the session of the House was unpar-
liamentary, and irregular, and that the action of
the committee' under such circumstances was
unfair to a large number of bills referred to that
committee which were similarly situated-.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. No member
of the Committee on Commerce, knew when the
House met this morning, that the House would
adopt an order to call committees for reports, nor
had we any reason to believe that such an order
would be made. The House did, however, adopt
the order. It was to last but half an hour, and a
majority of the members of the committee acting
under the necessity of the case, got together as
soon as they could, and agreed to report these
bills, and have them referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, where as
everybody knows, they will, in all probability,
sleep the sleep of death.
Mr. DUNBAR. 1 wish to make a reply to the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Fuller.] Upon the
motion of one of the members of the Committee
on Commerce, a majority of that committee met
this morning, since the House adopted the prop-
osition suggested by the Speaker to have the com-
mittees informally called for reports to be referred.
A majority of that committee agreed to report a
bill for the improvement of the harbor of Balti-
more, at the suggestion of my friend from Mary-
land, [Mr. May,] and have it referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The other day I asked the House to take
up from the Speaker's table a bill for the improve-
ment of the mouths of the Mississippi river, a
great national improvement; and the gentleman
from Maine made a motion to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. I suspected that the object
of the gentleman in making that motion was to
defeat the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to this debate.
Mr. HUNT. You heard the gentleman from
Maine; now hear my colleague.
