1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
907
Mr. DUNBAR. The gentleman from Maine
has been heard, and X hope that I may be heard
in explanation of my conduct.
The SPEAKER. If the objection be insisted
on, the gentleman from Louisiana and every other
gentleman kno w that it is the duty of the Chair
to arrest the discussion 
Mr. DUNBAR. I have a right to makeaper-
Bonal explanation, I suppose.
The SPEAKER. There is a rule of this House,
which the Chair wishes the gentleman would re-
member once in a while, that the Chair shall have
a right to state questions of order in preference to
gentlemen on the floor. The Chair claims no pre-
rogatives that are not absolutely necessary for the
good order of the body. The Chair was about
stating to the gentleman from Louisiana that he
and all other members must beaware that itis the
duty of the Chair to arrest this discussion, if it is
objected to by any member.
Mr. DUNBAR. I desire to make a personal
explanation, and I suppose that I have a right to
do so.
The SPEAKER. Is theobjection withdrawn ?
 Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir.
Mr. DUNBAR. Have I not a right to make a
personal explanation ?
The SPEAKER. Not unless it partakes of the
character of a privileged question.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Those of us who sit
upon this side of the House, and who heard the
remarks of my friend, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, generally consider, I believe,
that the remarks of the gentleman from Louisiana
would partake of the character of a personal ex-
planation.
Mr. WHEELER. The gentleman from.Maine
was heard, and no objection was made.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's remarks
may partake of the character of a personal ex-
planation, and yet not be a question of privilege,
or even a privileged question.
Mr. DUNBAR. The conduct of the members
of the Committee on Commerce has been brought
before the House 
Mr. HENN: I did not understand that unani-
mous consent was asked for the gentleman to
proceed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asked whether or
not there was unanimous consent.
Mr. HENN. 1 was trying to get the Speaker's
ear to say that I would not object if the gentleman
would not take more than ten minutes.
Mr. WASH BURNE, of Illinois. He will not
take half that time.
Mr. DUNBAR. I shall take a very few min-
utes.
Mr. HENN. Well, I withdraw my objection
for ten minutes.
No further objection was made.
Mr. DUNBAR. The conduct of the majority
of the Committee on Commerce has been brought
in question before this House by the chairman of
that committee, and 1 wish to make an explana-
tion of the conduct of that majority, and to show
that it has been correct, and according to the usual
proceedings of the House.
I was going op to remark, when I was inter-
rupted, that when the bill to improve the mouths
of the Mississippi came up here the other day, the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce moved to
refer it to that committee. I opposed that motion,
and asked that the bill should be referred to the
Committee ofthe Whole on the stateof the Union,
because I knew that no good could be accom-
plished by its reference to the Committee on Com-
merce. The subject had been under the consid-
eration of the Committee on Commerce at the last
session of Congress. Nothing new could be
learned by its reference to that committee. The
appropriation contained in this bill is the same
appropriation which was made in the general
river and harbor bill passed at the last session,
and which was reported from the Committee on
Commerce. The object of the gentleman from
Maine in moving the reference of that bill to the
committee was to defeat it. I therefore opposed
his motion. 1 may have done the gentleman
injustice, but that was my impression. My
impression was that if these bills for internal im-
provements were referred to the Committee on
Commerce no good would come of it, and that
nothing would be done with them.
The Committee on Commerce could not agree to
report the bills separately. That was my under-
standing; and understanding it as I did,I objected
to the reference to the Committee on Commerce?
This morning a majority of the Committee on
Commerce agreed to report the bill for the im-
provement of Baltimore harbor. 1 then asked that
same majority of the committee to agree that I
should withdraw my motion to reconsider the
vote by which the bill for the improvement of the
mouth of the Mississippi river was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and that that bill
should share the same fate as the bill for the im-
provement of Baltimore harbor. The majority of
the committee agreed to that, and I, therefore,
withdrew the motion to reconsider, reported the
bill, and asked the House to refer it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Now, was there anything unfair in that? I
presume not. No one can say there was anything
unfair in it; .and I will bring to the recollection of
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce that
he has frequently, in the same manner, obtained
the consent of a majority of the committee to
report bills. He has, upon several occasions,
come to me, in this House, after the committee
had adjourned, and asked my consent that he
might report bills. I dare him to deny that. I
say, again, that there is nothing improper in the
course which has been pursued by the majority of
the Committee on Commerce. The same course
is pursued, I understand, every day, byfother
committees.
Mr. FULLER, (interrupting.) In what I said,
I did not intend to, nor shall 1 bring myself in col-
lision with any of the members of the Committee
on Commerce. My objection was founded on the
order of business, and it was in self-defense that I
made it, because, as organ of that committee, cer-
tain bills being reported without my knowledge,
and certain bills notreported, I could neitherjustify
myself before this House, nor before the country.
We have a rule that no committee shall be in
session while this House is in session. I make no
charge against any gentleman who is a member of
the committee. All I have to say is in relation to
the order of conducting business in that committee,
whether it was regular or irregular. There was a
meeting of the committee this morning, while the
House was in session, without the knowledge of
its chairman, and certain bills were agreed to be
reported. It must be apparent, at once, what will
be the position of members of that committee, if
some bills "are reported for consideration, and
others are not reported.
It was for the purpose of bringing this matter to
the knowledge of the House, that 1 have made the
remarks that I have. It was not for the purpose
of coming in collision with any member of that
committee. I have no reflections to cast upon any
member of that committee. But I simply objected
to this order of business, in order that I might
justify myself. If the House deem it regular, they
can take such action upon jt as they think proper.
I only wanted to bring the fact as to how these
bills came to be reported before the House.
Mr. DUNBAR. Then I understand that the
gentleman merely complains of the irregularity of
the proceeding. I am glad he goes no further.
I wish to say to the House further, that I have
been anxious since the commencement of this ses-
sion to report all these bills from the Committee
on Commerce, to which the gentleman from Maine
refers. 1 am in favor of improvements of a
national character by the General Government.
Although I differed with the President of the
United States with regard to his veto of the river
and harbor bill, I yet agree with him in one par-
ticular, and that is, that every bill for improve-
ments of this kind should contain but one single
appropriation for a particular improvement, and
that every measure of the kind should stand upon
its own merits. I greatly prefer separate bills.
Although I think the President of the United
States was wrong in vetoing the general river and
harbor bill of last session, and that his reasons for
so doing were not satisfactory, yet I think that
the position he has taken with regard to separate
bills for internal improvements is a correct one.
If the House will indulge me, I will say that I
thought that a great national measure, such as the
river and harbor bill of last session, should not
have been vetoed because there might have been a
few improvements of a local character in the bill,
which should not have been there.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts, (M&.
Donbar yielding the fidor.) As I wasoneof the
majority of the Committee on Commerce, who
authorized the reporting of the two bills which
have been referred to, I wish to say one word ire
defense of my conduct. I have, from the com-
mencement, been in favor of these improvements,
whether reported in a general bill or in separate
bills; and i believe, notwithstanding what has
been said by the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Ddnbar,] that a majority of the Committee on
Commerce have always been ready to report either
a general measure or separate measures, in con-
formity with the bill reported at the last session;
and, sir, although 1 refused, when appealed to by .
my colleagueon thecommittee, in the first instance,
to allow the bill to be reported, yet, when applied
to by another gentleman, I agreed to the informal
meeting, and allowed the two bills to be reported.
I know, sir, the course to be irregular, although it
is frequently done by committees. I had a desire
that these bills might be reported by the gentleman
from Louisiana, [Mr. Dunbar,] in order to put
thecommittee right before the Hoase. Somedays
since, the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Cook,] and
the genileman from Illinois arraigned the Com 
mittee on Commerce as opposed to reporting these
bills. The genileman from Louisiana [Mr.Dtra-
bar] came forward in the support 
Mr. DAVIS,oflndiana, (interrupting.) I think
enough has been said on both sides in respect to
this matter; and I object to further debate on it,
Mr. WENTWORTH. I will conclude what
I have to say in a few minutes, if the House will
allow me.
Mr. DAVIS. I persist in my objection.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is it in order now to move
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. DUNBAR. I wish merely to answer the
gentleman 
Mr. DAVIS. I object.
Mr. WENT WORTH. I think I should be
allowed to moke a statement.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to this debate.
Mr. DUNBAR. I had yielded the floor to the
gentleman from Massachusetts 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting). The Chair is
compelled—as he is called upon to do so—to say
to the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Dunbar,}
that the course of remarks which he has indulged
in in discussing the veto message, is not, in the
opinion of the Chair, such as was authorized by
the House in granting leave to make a personal
explanation.
Mr. DUNBAR. I w s making an explanation
as to the conduclof the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Does the Chair rule
that I am out of order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that the
gentleman from Louisiana is entitled to the floor,
to make a personal explanation in connection with
the aciion of the Committee on Cbmmcree this
morning, referred to by the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Fuller.] But, m the opinion of the Chair,
the gentleman from Louisiana is not entitled to go
beyond a simple explanation as to that action.
Mr. DUNBAR. 1 wished to do nothing more,
except to make a few remarks in relation 
Mr. WENTWORTH,(interrupting), I have
not got through what I desired to say.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object.
Mr. CLINGMAN. As I undeistand,thegen-
tleman from Indiana objects to this proceeding;
and, therefore, I insist on the regular order of
business.
Mr. DAVIS. I do object.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Louisi-
ana [Mr. Dunbar] is entitled to the fi >or for a
persona! explanation in respect to the doings of
the Committeeon Commerce this morning; but he
has not the floor for any other purpose.
Mr. WENTWORTH. The gentleman from
Louisiana has yielded to me for a similar purpose.
Mr. LILLY. Has thegentleman from Louisi-
ana a right (o do so? I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks he has
not, as it is objected to by the gentleman from
New Jersey.
Mr. DUNBAR. May I not yield the floor to
mv colleague from Massachusetts ?
'The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not, and
is compelled to enforce the rules. '
