908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February
.Mr. WENTWORTH. 1 do Rot want thegen-
tlemao to answer my reoferks until I shall have
hart an opportunity of making them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not deciding
as to the propriety or impropriety of enforcing the
rule at ail. The Chair only wishes to perform his
duty.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Allow me to say, Mr,
Speaker, that every day and every hour, it is the
practice of gentlemen in this House to yield the
floor for personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. If not objected to, the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts may explain.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I do not wish to ob-
ject, but I must do eo, as this discussion is im-
properly occupying the time of the House.
Mr. DUNBAR. 1 merely wish to say that I
am sorry to have to intrude on the attention of the
House; but 1 desire to say, in answer to the re-
mark of the gentleman from Massachusetts, as to
the committee being ready at all times to report
separate bills, that I have endeavored, since the
commencement of this session, to get this import-
ant bill reported by the Committee on Commerce
for the improvement of the mouth of the Missis-
sippi, without being able to do so. That is ail 1
wish to say.
Mr. CLlNGrMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I wish to say a word
in answer to the gentleman from Louisiana.
The SPEAKER., is it the pleasure of the
House chat the gentleman from Massachusetts be
allowed to explain?
Mr. LILLY and others. I object.
Mr. CLINGrM&N. I now insist on the regu-
lar order of business.
M*. FULLER. 1 wish simply to occupy the
attention of the House for a few moments.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts, and
others, \ object.
Mr. FULLER. I rise to what 1 consider a
privileged question. I submit to the Cliair this
motion: to reconsider the vote by which certain
reports mode this morning from the Committee on
Commerce were referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. These reports were made
with the express understanding—and such an
agreement of the House was unanimously made
—that no motion to reconsider should be made.
Mr. FULLER. 1 wish to make a suggestion
which merely goes back as to the regularity of
these reports.
Mr. BRIDGES. I object to this discussion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair again states that
it i? not in order to reconsider the votes by which
the reports in question were referred.
Mr FULLER. They were regularly reported,
I admit, by agt eement of the House; but it seems
to me, with all due deference to the Chair, that,,
under the rule, the question may be received
whether it is competent for the Chair to consider
whether that was a proper agreement.
The SPEAKER. If that objection had been
made at the time the reception of reports was pro-
posed to the House, it might have made a matter
for the consideration of the Chair whether these
reports might be made. But as no objection was
made, and as the reports were regularly referred,
the Chair thinks it is not in order to go back and
inquire as to the legality of these reports.
Mr. FULLER. I only want to makeone sug-
gestion.
The SPEAKER, la it the pleasure of the
House that the gentleman from Maine [Mr, Ful-
ler) be allowed to make a suggestion?
Mr. CLINGMAN. No, sir. I insist on the
regular n d*r of business.
Mr. McMULLIN. I llesire to-know if it is
not in order to ask to discharge the committee to
which these bills have been referred from their
consideration, and to have them referred back to
the committee from which they were reported?
The SPEAKER. That would not be in order
under the genera! order of the House this morn-
ing, because it would be tantamount at least to a
reconsideration.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then I call up the regular
order of business.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
-The SPEAKER- The regular order of business
fa to continue the call of committees for reports, j
Mr. YATES asked and obtained the consent
of the House to publish a speech prepared by him
dn the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee, asked and ob-
tained the like consent.
Mr. WATSHBURN, of Maine, asked and ob-
tained the like consent to publish a speech pre-
pared by him ori the President's veto.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Ac-
counts, reported a bill to change the mode of com-
pensation to the members of the Senate and House
of Representatives, and the Delegates from Terri-
tories; which was read a first and second time by
its title, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WARREN. I desire to present a resolu-
tion from the Legislature of the State of Arkan-
sas, so as to have it referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
The resolution was received and so referred.
Mr.STANTON,of Kentucky. Iam instructed
by the Committee on Printing to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That there he printed for the use of the mem-
bers of th > House, one hundred thousand extra copies of
the report of the st?1«ci committee on the subject of the
Washington Monument.
Mr. CLtNGMAN. I object. *•
The SPEAKER. Being objected to the reso-
lution cannot be received.
Mr. STANTON. Permit me to say that, under
the rules of the House, I have a right to introduce
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. We are acting under a
special order of the House, which is limited to
the reception of repoits from the committees.
Mr. STANTON. But 1 understand that the
order expired some half hour since.
The SPEAKER. The time for calling upon
committees to report was extended.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, i would ask the
Speaker whether this question was referred yes-
terday to the Committee on Printing?
The SPEAKER. It was.
Mr. JONES. My understanding of the matter
was, that the report of the select committee was
not disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The motion to prrnt an extra
number of copies was referred, under the rules, to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. JONES. Not until the report was adopted ,
and ordered to be printed. It is a part of the
motion that the report be received and printed,
and then the motion to print extra copies follows.
As I understand the state of the case, the report
was not acted upon, and, until the House orders
the report to be printed, it seems to me that no
motion could be entertained to print extra copies.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, at the moment,
regarded the motion to print an extra number as a
distinct and separate motion, and, under that im-
pression, ordered it to go to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. JONES. Suppose, when we come to a
vote, the House should refuse to print the report?
The SPEAKER. The Chair acknowledges
that the gentleman from Tennessee is ordinarily
correct in his view of the course of business, which
is, that the printing of an^ document must be first
ordered, and the order for *>n extra number of
copies must then follow. The Chair will state
that the motion to print an extranumber of copies
was regarded at the time  s a distinct and separate
motion, and it is so entered upon the Journal upon
the reference of the matter.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to say, if it ia in
order—so that the House may understand the
operation of that lule—that we have a law of Con-
gtess which requires that whenever a proposition
to print an extra number of copies of any report
or document shall be made, it shall go to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Or. motion by Mr. McQUEEN, the Committee
on Territories was discharged from the further
consideration of a joint resolution of the Legislative
Assembly of Washington Territory, asking that
$30,000 be expended for a geological survey of
that Territory; and the matter was then referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. McCXUEEN", thesamecom-
mute was also discharged from the further con-
sideration of a joint resolution of the Legislative
Assembly of Waohtngton Territory relating to cer-
tain; debts due frum the tnarshala of that Terri-
tory; "and it was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. • fK-.y-.
On motion by Mr. McdUEEN, the same com-
mittee, was discharged from the farther consider-
ation of a joint resolution of the Territorial*
sembly of Oregon Territory, relying to territorial
roads; ami it was ordered to lie upon the table.
On motion by Mr. McdUEEN, the same etfi&u
mittee was discharged from the further consider-
ation of the memorial of the Legislative Assembly
of Washington Territory relative to ail amendment
of the organic law of said Territory; which was
laid upon the table.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, I now offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed, for the use of the ,mem-
bers of the House, one hundred thousand extra copies Ofthe
report of the select coraquttee on the subject of the Wash-
ington Monument.
I desire to Bay, that the report contains very
interesting accounts of the history of the Wash-
ington Monument Association, together with an
exposition of its affairs from the time of its or-
ganization to the present moment. The report
will cost less than a cent a copy, probably not ex-
ceed half a cent, and the expenditure for the whole
number named in this resolution will not exceed
$500. I hope ihe resolution will be agreed to. !
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 desire to know whether
this proposition includes a resolution which was
reported by the select committee on the subject of
the monument.
Mr. STANTON. Not at all.
Mr. HAVEN. I should like to know some-
thing as to the extent of the cost of the printing -
of this report.
Mr. STANTON. The report is a very shore
one, and it will not cost a cent a copy, perhaps not
more than a half cent.
Mr. "HAVEN. What will be the aggregate
amount of the cost?
Mr. STANTON. About $500.
Mr. HAVEN. I offer a substitute for the reso-
lution, that that amount be subscribed for the erec-
tion of the monument by this HouSe, -
Mr. HAMILTON. Is that amendment in
order?
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not in
order.
Mr. HAVEN. If it is not in order I have
nothing further to say.
Mr. WARREN. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
The question was taken; and, a upon division,
there were—ayes fifty-one, noes not counted.
Mr. WARREN demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler and Ready were
appointed. <
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes forty-seven, noes not counted.
Mr. WARREN demanded the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
The question was then put; and the resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the* resolution was
adopted, and to lay the motion to.reconsider upon
the table; which latter motion was agreed to
'Mr. WELLS. I wish fo offer, a resolution
merely for the purpose of reference.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
"The SPEAKER. As it is objected to it can-
not be done.
Mr. COBB. When the Committee on Public
Lands was called I had a bundle of reports which
I could not get at at the time. I ask permission
to report them now.
Objection was made.
Mr, LETCHER. I desire to make a report
from a select committee. I am directed by the
select committee appointed under a resolution .of
the House, passed July 10,1854, to makea report
from the same, and to ask to be discharged from
the further consideration of all the matters referred
to it.
The report was received, ordered to be printed,
and the committee was discharged from further
duties.
The SPEAKER. The question is now upon
the motion to suspend the rules, made by th*g«il 
tleman from Pennsylvania yesterday.
