1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
of railroads is of national importance, as they aid
the development of State and National resources,
and confer great benefits upon the National Gov-
ernment, affording new means of seeking markets
for the various articles of produce and manufac-
ture; of more efficiently and more cheaply defend-
ing the country in the time of war, and more
safely and rapidly transporting its mails. The
railroad interest, thus important to the General
Government, is at present deeply embarrassed.
Into the causes of that embarrassment it is not
now necessary to inquire; the embarrassment ex-
ists, and the remedy is what we seek. This Gov-
ernment can give partial relief by releasing the
railroad companies from the paymentof duties on
their railroad iron. For this there is precedent,
and the right is unquestionable. But this, it is
said, will injure the railroad iron makers of Penn-
sylvania, and from that State proceeds the greatest
hostility to this measure, but with what justice
and reason, I now propose to inquire.
The number of railroad iron mills in Pennsyl-
vania, according to the memorial made to Con-
gress in 1850, by the iron manufacturers, is six;
their annual capacity 64,400 tons of rails, buttheir
actual make was, in 1849, 18,973 tons of rails.
(See memorial, page 105.) On page 68 of the
memorial, it is estimated that the make of iron
metal in the United States in 1847, was 800,000
tons; in 1848, the same; in 1849, 050,001) tons.
The United States Census Compendium, page 181,
shows a make, in 1850, of 823,455 ions of pig and
other iron. Of pig iron alone, 503,755 tons were
made, and of this amount, 2&5,702 tons were made
in Pennsylvania. But the real make was much
greater than the census shows. The Superintend-
ent of the Census appends a note to page 181,
which says " the production of pig or cast iron in
Pennsylvania was estimated by the local reports
in 1850 at 504,575 tons." As the returns show
that Pennsylvania made one half of all the pig '
iron in the United States, and as the local returns
show that the official census returns are too low
by one half, it is reasonable to suppose the same
of the other States; if so, the real make of pig
iron in the United States, in 1850, was about one
million one hundred and twenty-five thousand
tons; add to this the " other products,"and the
total amount of iron actually ifiade in the United
States in 1850 was 1,385,000 tons. Of this vast
amount of production, less than 20,000 tons were
manufactured in the Pennsylvania rail mills into
rails, unless they did better than the year before,
which no one pretended. On the contrary, they
are in a constant " state of ruin," 18,973 tons of i
rails is the whole amount of iron used by the
Pennsylvania rail mills out of 1,3^5,000 tons of
iron made in 1850 ! And if the mills had worked
up to their greatest capacity, they could have
only made about three times the small amount
named. This amount we have furnished to our
hands by the iron men themselves, and is, un-
doubtedly, to be relied on.
The single item of " castings " consumed, (see
Compendium Census, page 181,) in 18.10, three
hundred and sixty-six thousand eight hundred and
nineteen tons of iron, being neaily twenty times
greater an amount of iron than is used by the
Pennsylvania iron rail mills.
The estimates made by the iron manufacturers for
the use of Congress, justify us in supposing that
these six rail mills costabout $2,500,000. The cost
of all railroads, finished and unfinished, including
stock of all kinds, is estimated at §1.200,000,000.
To benefit the $2,500,000, the $1,200,000,000
have, since 1843, paid taxes enough to have paid
for the six mills and burned them, and repeated
the operation of buying and burning ten times.
It is not republican, neither is it just, in theory
or practice, to make the railroads in the United
States submit to a grievous burden for the benefit
of six iro.n rail mills in Pennsylvania. The capi-
tal and the business of these six iron rail mills look
quite insignificant when compared even with the I
capital and business of the railroads of Pennsyl-
vania; and to oppress one for the benefit of the
other, especially to make the greater bow to the
lesser, is an operation not self-evidently right, and
requires more than the metaphysics of a Philadel-
phia lawyer to make it conform to a plain man's
notions of right Again: in representing the iron
business as weak, prostrate,and onlyto berevived,
strengthened, and permanently maintained by judi-
cious and continuous Government aid, in repre-
senting it aa a pauper, it is grievously slandered
by those who so ostentatiously claim" to be its only
true friends. The iron trade is neither weak nor
prostrate, but is strong, sturdy, and honorable to
the'nation. It is the reverse of the lachrymose
statements made every year or two to Congress.
It has become too strong for it to " look well " to
come here whining and blubbering, and begging
like a street mendicant.
Attached to the memorial of the iron men to
Congress, is a statement made by some of them
in reply to the Journal of Commerce and the New
York Evening Post. See pages 55 and 56:
"To correct a prevailing error, let it be presumed that
this country exports but hute orno iron. Ttte exportation
of nails, to winch your journal recently referred, consi.-ted
of a fews casks shipped by an American provision house,
as an experiment for coop,-ring pork barrels in Liverpool;
and it is absuid to suppose that such a trade will ever be
worth a second thought. So the exports of iron, to which
the Evening Post referred, a few days since, really consist
machinery sent to the Spanish colonies and South Amer-
ica, and were only kept up by ihe superiority of the Amer-
ican sugar unlH. So again, a few tons of pig iron have, at
various times, been sent to England—by the writers among
others—for the purpose of being tried for steel, the raw ma-
terial for which Great Britain now imports from Sweden at
very high prices. The discovery of such an iron in this
country would, undoubtedly, lead to its exportation ; bur
such a lesult lias not yet been leached, and even if it had
been, it would be due not 10 our own capacity to produce
iron more cheaply, but to ihe impossibility of making it in
England at all lor the want of suitable ore. We have,
therefore, only a home market: and when that is closed,
the iron trade is prostiated."
Now, I undertake to say that the fact is exactly
otherwise. Not only have we a large home mar-
ket, but we have long since entered into a suc-
cessful competition with other nations in the mar-
kets of the world. During that very year, when
the foregoing positive statement was made, and
during each of several years before, our annnal
exports of iron exceeded $1,000,000; our yearly
exports of iron and its manufactures were then
half as great as all the Pennsylvania iron rail mills
were worth. This past year, those exports sold
for money enough, probably, to buy those six
mills twice over—the value of the exports exceed-
ing §4,000,000. The value of the annual make
of iron, and of iron manufactures in the United
States, must greatly overgo $100,000 000—three
classes alone, sho>v an aggregate value of over
$60,000,000. (See Comp. Census., pp. 181,182.)
Manufactures of pig iron $12,748,7^7
Manufactures of iron casting 25,108,155
Manufactures of wrought iron 22,629,271
$60,486,153
While achieving such wonderful results; while
filling the home market with such a prodigious
amount of goods and value; while exporting
more than any other manufacturing interest except
that of cotton manufactures, and nearly equaling
that, it is idle to talk of feebleness, prostration,
and pauperism The iron interests of this coun-
try exceed those of any other save one; and when
our roads and canals open up an easy intercourse
with the interior portions of ihe country lying
near this side of Kansas and Nebraska, those iron
interests will swell to an aggregate of the moot
flattering dimensions.
To show that there is no mistake about this
matter—to prove that no reliance can be placed
on these iron statements which represent that the
United States export little or no iron the follow-
ing table is submitted, it is taken from Secre-
tary Guthrie's lastannual report, page sixty-eight,
and exhibits the value of all pig and bar iron, of
nails and other manufactures of iron, exported
from the United States during nine consecutive
years, the table shows a steady and gratifying
increase in the export of iron, and particular
attention is invited to it.
"Value of iron, pig and bar, castings, and all
manufactures of iron, exported from the United
States to foreign countries, from June 30, 1845, to
June 30, 1854;
184 6 $'1.13!, 782
184 7 I,lli7,484
184 8  1,=250.633
184 9 1,006:172
185 0  1,1111.320
185 1 $>3,155,698
185 2  2,303,819
185 3 2,-199,1)52
1854   4.210,350
$17,855,909
Nations, in their character as nations, generally
construct canals, and military postal and commer-
cial highways. President Jackson doubted the
power of Congress to construct certain roads. He
vetoed the Maysville road. Bat when States or
I companies chose to do what nations usually do,
| President Jackson, instead of discouraging the
| enterprise, approved the act of July 14, 1832,
j which refunded to such States and companies the
money that had been exacted frorB them as duties
I in paymentfortheprivilegeofimportingiron rails,
| spikes, &c., to be used m constructing railroads,
t To this, no vigorous opposition seems to have
| been made in any quarter; on the contrary, hills
| enlatging this privilege passed without opposition;
; not even the yeas and nays were asked lor in this
j House on those bills. Mr. Clay and Mr. Calhoun,
i Mr. Buchananand Mr. Woodbury, Mr. Webster,
and Mr. Polk, Mr. Wright and Mr. Tazewell,
alike seemed lo concur in the policy of allowing
such.companies as would build railroads in any
■ part of the nation, and thus furnish facilities ior
speedy and cheap Government transportation of
all kinds in time of need, in peace and in war, to
do-so free from all Government charge upon such
articles of iron as they might import to use in the
construction of such roads.
This law remained in force some eleven years.
In the tariff of 1842 a provision was inserted, ex-
tending it to March, 1843, and then terminating it.
Under that beneficent act of 1832 all duties that
had previously been collected from* railroad com-
panies were refunded, and all iron laid down during
the succeeding eleven years was exempted from
duty. To New England, New York, and Penn-
sylvania this wise policy was of great advantage.
Pennsylvania obtained under that, act from the
United States Treasury, prior to 1841, at the single
port of Philadelphia, $1,044,875 24; considerable
quantities of iron for the lailroad to Baltimore and
to New York were landed in Delaware, at Balti-
more, at Newaik, Perth Amboy, &c. From 1841
to 1844 considerable sums were received by Penn-
sylvania on the game account. To this policy
Pennsylvania assented. It is believed that not
one of her numerous representatives dissented.
Having, in pursuance of that policy, received
aid from the Ireasury during the infancy of its
enterpiise, Pennsylvania Purely will not now re-
sist the revival of that policy, and insist upon the
payment of thirty dollars upon every one hundred
dollars worth of railroad iron imported by the feeble
and embarrassed companies of the South and
West; surely, m her wealth and power, she will not
refuse to others what was granted to herself in the
days of her greatest need. During the continuance
of the policy of General Jackson $6,371,212 39
were refunded to railroad companies. More than
one fifth—probably one entire fourth of this sum—
went to aid Pennsylvania roads. Will Pennsyl-
vania do this day by the new States as she waa
done by ?
In reply to the demagogue cry about aiding rich
corporations, this may be said: Railroad enter-
prises are generally gotten up by the people to be
benefited. To carry them forward they give all
the money ihey can, and beg friends elsewhere
to help them. When finished the roads greatly
benefit the country through which they run, by
increasing the value of lards and of products gen-
erally. l!ut the stockholders, living elsewhere,
could have done better with iheir.money. Hence
it is becoming difficult to get stock taken in new
roads except from the people along their line.
This is known to ail. To show how false is the
cry about rich corporations, we have only to re-
flect that not one man in Congress wouli buy
stock at par m any railroad company in ihe Uni-
ted States, with the intent and upon the condition
to hold it for ten years. True, the stock of a few
is above par, and is worth what it sells for; but
our past history shows that the best may depre-
ciate from some one of the many causes which
affect railroad stocks in all countries. It is im-
portant to the country, to the nation at large, that
roads from all the sea-ports to the interior, from the
interior to the lakes, and to navigable rivers lead-
ing to the lakes, and to the ocean, and to the Gulf,
should be built. They are better munitions of
war and of defense than were ever known to the
ancients; and if individuals will build ihe roads
that nations need in time of war, surely they
ought to be encouraged to do it, and thus relieve
Government from the oppressions and corruptions
incident to extended and overpowering patronage.
If individuals will build roads wanted by Govern-
ment to carry mails, and troops, and stores, on
the condition that they shall be allowed to obtain
