912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23.
their building materials where they please, free
from taxation, who that wishes to see Government
patronage confined within as narrow limits as pos-
sible would hesitate, for one moment, to allow
them to do so?
j Mr. WITTE. I do not agree with ray honor-
able .friend from Ohio [Mr. Edgerton] in the
views he has presented, i cannot believe that, he
intended to do injustice to Pennsylvania when he
made special reference to the iron inteiestsof that
State I desire to say a word upon this subject,
not for Pennsylvania alone, not with reference to
any peculiar interests which she may have, or of
any class of her manufactures or people, nor with
reference to the influence which the introduction
of any new change in the revenue system might
produce upon any of her interests. I do not pro-
pose to inquire whether this measure would benefit
any one class of her manufactures. I trust that,
wheftever the great principles of Democracy are
involved, I am, and shall ever remain, above and
- beyond all personal and local considerations. 1
desire to state simply what I conceive to be the
important principle involved in this question. I
wish it to be known to the country, that gentle-
men claiming to be Democrats, who represent the
railroad, woolen, or other interests of their va-
rious States, should not come here and ask for a
peculiar character of special legislation in favor of
those interests under the shallow pretexCof being
actuated in so doing by an earnest desire to de-
fend the best interests of their constituents.
We have now, for the first time during the time
I have occupied a seat -here, heard the attempt
made to interpolate the new dogma in our theory
of Government, that we can, by a single act of
legislation, discriminate, not as between individ-
uals personally, but as between corporations and
individuals—a principle at once the most odious in
character and dangerous in tendency, if the doc-
trine is to be held by the Democratic party of this
country, that this new feature is to be introduced,
let it be understood by whom the responsibility
is to be assumed, and iet us know who will act in
opposition to what has been hitherto regarded not
only as a perfectly clear and well defined, but a card-
inal principal of Democratic policy. How does
-this matter stand? Look to the history of this
country for the last four or five years, and espe-
cially the last year or two, and see if it justifies
the introduction of any such feature of policy into
our system. The whole system of our manu-
factures and commerce has been deranged and
shaken to the very center. In what manner has
it been done, and by what agency has it been pro-
duced? By the railroad interests of this country,
by that gigantic interest which now roils up a
capital of six or seven hundred millions of dol-
lars, and which has been, from the very first day
of this Congress, knocking at our doors and im-
portuning u* most pertinaciously and impudently
from the lobby, for the enactment of class legis-
lation, and to do just that very thing which has
been this day attempted.
1 will n$t speak of what Pennsylvania can do,
or what she cannot do. 1 will not here attempt to
gay whether the can sustain herself or not. lean
point with pride to the history of her growth and
the development of her resources. Bat I will say
that Pennsylvania has never asked anything at
the hands of the Government. If you will exam-
ine the question you will find that she has paid
a larger price for the railroad iron U3ed in the con-
struction of her roads than it can be now bought
for, without reference to any duty.
There is another point in this matter to which I
invite the attention of the committee. We have
never asked assistance from any quarter, and, 1
speak for myself personally, so lar as my knowl-
edge goes, we have never asked for class legisla-
tion. We see the ancient Whig doctrine—and I
say it without any disrespect to gentlemen on the
opposite side—attempted here to-day, of protec-
tion in its most odious phase; not that system
merely which seeks to protect the manufacturers,
but that which seeks to crush the manufacturers,
and protect the already bloated and overgrown
railroad corporations.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PRATT. I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to include raw silk.
There are very good reasons why this amend-
ment to the amendment should prevail. Raw silk
is not^*own in this country to any extent, and it
-now pays a duty. It is imported extensively, and
manufactured here. Wool is also grown exten-
sively here. If the amendment now before the
committee should prevail, many of our wool
growers would fail, and their interests would be
jeopardized in consequence of it; but there is no
interest that will suffer if the amendment which 1
propose to the amendment shall prevail. If my
amendment be adopted, as I trust it will be, those
interested in the manufacture of silk will be greatly
benefited.
Mr. MILLSON. We are presenting, at this
time, a strange spectacle. We commenced this
session of Congress with an effort to reduce the
duties on imports, and relax the rigors of the re-
strictive system, and we are now about to intro-
duce one of still greater severity. The proposi-
tion is to exempt from taxation the raw materials
used by the manufacturers of New England, with-
out a corresponding reduction of the duties on the
imported articles that come into competition with
them When, during the last Congress, a simi-
lar attempt was made by a gentleman from New
York, it was discountenanced by almost the united
sentiment of the Democratic party in the House,
yet we find to*day, members of the Democratic
party, opponents of the restnctivesystem, uniting
in the effort to secure further bounties to the pro- \
tected interests of New England, in the shape of
mitigated duties on the materials they use—and
for what? What do they hope to gain in return
for these concessions ? Not the exemption of rail-
road iron from all duty, to which, or to a reduc-
tion of duty I myself incline, but the refunding
of the dunes which have been already paid by
certain railroad companies, on the iron laid down
since the 30th June, 1&53, and a remission of the
duties which they may have to pay within the
space of little more than a year from this time.
The gentleman f-om Connecticut [Mr. Puait]
now proposes still further to secure these partial
advantages and bounties to the protected interests
by repealing the duty upon raw silk, as well as
the dye-stuffs and other articles embraced in the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
Nov/, sir, to the proposed donation of a large
sum of money from the Treasury of the United
States to those railroad companies which have
heretofore paid duties on their iron, I am utterly
and irreconcilably opposed, for 1 conceive that we
have no more right to pay back to railroad com-
panies the amounts they have paid into the Treas-
ury—the amount of duties they have discharged—
than to make a gratuitous grant of any other sum
for any other purpose. I regard it as a pure and
simple donation, and therefore I could not be
reconciled to the proposition to grant further pro-
tection to the protected interests of New England,
by wnat seems to be only a reduction of duties,
for I am as much opposed to the consideration
tendered as I am to the proposed reduction itself,
I tiast we are not now to abandon our proper
policy and return to t-he protective and restrictive
system; not, it is true, by increasing the rate of
duty, but by giving a protection just as efficacious,
ana just as sure to prevent the introduction of
goods from abroad. I trust we shall not consent
by such means to diminish the expenses of manu-
facture, and thus to enable the protected interests
to get rid of foreign competition, it makes no
difference whether we lessen the duty on what
they buy, or increase the duty on the imported
article; the effect is just the same in securing pro-
tection to them and imposing burdens on the
people; for the slight gain in the diminished cost
of the domestic article will not at all make amends
for the serious reductions in the revenue on the
imported gowds, the importation of which will be
diminished precisely in proportion to the increase
of the domestic manufacture.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon Mr. Pratt's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend by striking
out the word " eighteen," so that it will provide
that wool shall be free of duty, without limit. I
move the amendment for the purpose of making a
suggestion in reply to the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Millson,] and also to my friend from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. W itte.] This is not the first time
that the question of the reduction of duties has
been presented at this session. It has been pro-
posed before, and I have to say to the gentlemen
from Pennsylvania and Virginia, that they do not
find the manufacturing interests of the East in
opposition to "that reduction. On the contrary,
the Representatives from Massachusetts, with no
more than one exception, who represent a con-
stituency as deeply interested in this question as
any other section of the country, voted in favor of
a general and liberal reduction. They were will-
ing to assent to a reduction upon manufactured
articles for the reason tbat"it was accompanied
by a still greater redaction upon raw materials.
While it reduced the duties upon imports, and thus
tended to satisfy thedemands of the friends of free
trade, it removed the onerous burdens upon manu-
factures, by imposing merely nominal duties on
the articles they consumed. If it was free trade
on one side, it was piotection on the other. It was
not, therefore, the manufactures of the East that
demand high protection, as the gentleman from
Virginia says, who defeated it. They were will-
ing and ready to take the bill which was proposed
some time since by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston.] I need not say to my friend from
Pennsylvania that the fixed, determined, and re-
sistless opposition to that measure, came from the
middle States, particularly from Pennsylvania, and
not from New England. The proposition before
us differs from that referred to only in the fact
that it goes directly to the extension of the free
list, without making a general reduction of duties.
It will greatly relieve the most depressed interests
of the country without indicting material injury
upon any. It does exactly what the friends of
free trade have always claimed their measures
would do—afford necessary protection without
imposing burdens.
1 have another suggestion to make to the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson ] If he de-
sires to break down that rigorous system.of pro-
tection of which he complains, is it not better to
begin by striking at it in detail than by fruitless
efforts to form combinations against it? By de-
taching from its support those who are willing to
be detached, whose interests are protected by
extension of the free lists, and who can thus bear
such reduction of duties as free trade demands ?
Is it not in that way only that this object can be
attained ? We have only to refer to England as
an example. England now approaches nearer the
position of a freer trade Government than either
our own or any other State. And how has she
reached that position ? By going to work upon the
old system in detail; and in that manner, one after
another, has she put upon her free list four hun-
dred and thirty different articles—making an an-
nual reduction in her import duties of <£1,100,000.
By placing sheep's wool upon the free list she
reduced the burdens then oppressing her manufac-
tures, as a similar duty oppresses ours, at the rate
of <£100,000 yearly, and substituted general pros-
perity for the general gloom that rested upon them.
The abolition of the duty on cotton and wool cost
her annually ^680,000. It was by such measures
that England has attained the position which she
occupies, and by which she has given to her people
prosperity, employment, bread, and free trade to
her commerce. In the same manner it is proposed
by the committee to-day to extend here the prin-
ciples for which the gentleman from Virginia con-
tends—and I much doubt if, by any other method,
he can reach his object—a general reduction of
duties.
Now, a word in relation to the rights of Penn-
sylvania upon this question, so far as railroadiron
is concerned. The West and southwest are now
building their roads, and they have had no favor
from the Government whatever. I understand,
from what was stated by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Edgerton,] that, until 1842, every dollar
which was paid as duty upon railroad iron was
remitted. The West and southwest have had no
such favor. New England has had comparatively
little, but the middle States have been largely fa-
vored in this ten years of legislation in everything,
except as to time, exactly liKe that which is pro-
posed now. Pennsylvania especially and partic-
ularly has been favored. Let me call the attention
of the committee to a particular fact. In 1853,
Pennsylvania had thirteen hundred and twenty-six
miles af railroad; every dollar that she paid in
duties for railroad iron, upon nine hundred miles
of that road, has been remitted under legislation
from 1832 to 1842. In that year she .had eight
hundred and ninety-three miles of railroad, so that
upon her roads of one thousand three hundred and
