THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1855.
New Series....No. 58.
fifty-six miles in 1853, she has paid duties only on
iron for four hundred and thirty-three miles. No
other State, and no section of the country, has had
favors to such extent. The West and South, with
three thousand two hundred and seventy miles of
road, have had duties remitted up to 1842 only on
one hundred and fifty miles. The South, that
had three thousand three hundred and twenty-one
miles in 1853, has had duties remitted only on one
thousand one hundred and sixty miles of road.
New England, that had, in the same year, two
thousand two hundred and twenty-four miles, has
received return duties on only seven hundred and
sixteen miles. The middle States, that had three
thousand seven hundred and fifty-five miles of
road in 1853, have received return duties on one
thousand seven hundred miles, or nearly one half.
And Pennsylvania, most favored of all, has had
sixty-seven per cent, of her whole expenditures
upon railroad iron returned back to her under the
legislation of 1839. She has thus received in
refunded duties more than a million of dollars.
How, then, can she complain of this necessary
measure for the relief of other sections of the
country, as unjust to her?
The following table exhibits the extent of rail-
roads in 1842 and 1853:
1842.
Maine  .
Massachusetts..,
Rhode Island ....
Connecticut 
New Yoik 
New Jersey 
Pennsylvania....
Delaware  16
M;trv!and  2*3
Virginia  233
North Carolina .. 67
South Carolina.. 204
Georgia  3-23
Alabaini  46
Mississippi....... 14
."Louis-iana  40
Kentucky  28
Ohio ,. 84
Michigan........ 133
lil.nois  22
37 milef
43r> "
AO «
238 "
590 «
166 "
391 miles.
 
M) "
6^7 «
2,123 "
200
. l,32ii «
16 «
5; L "
1853.
Maine 
Massachusetts'..
Iliiodo Island..
Connecticut..
New York...
New Jeisey..
Pennsylvania
Delaware....
Maryland ....
Vugima  624
North Carolina, 249
South Carolina, 599
Georgia  857
Alabama  23fi
Mississippi..... 95
Louisiana  117
Kentucky  93
Ohio  1,385
Michigan  474
Illinois  296
Mr. HOWE. I am opposed, Mr. Chairman,
to the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hanks,] which provides that wool
shall be duty free. My constituents are, more or
less, interested in the growing of wool, and now
receive,under your revenue laws, the same degree
of encouragement which is awarded to other
branches of industry. I am opposed to taking it
from them, and conferring)! upon theconstituents
of the gentleman, who are chiefly engaged, as he
. ays, m manufacturing pursuits.
i have not time, however,under the five-minute
rule, to enter into a discussion of the merits of pro-
tection to our own domestic industry, against the
oftentimes ruinous competition of the products of
foreign labor; my object in rising was to say a few
words to the gentleman from Massachusetts by
way of refreshing his memory, in regard to a few
historical facts connected with the memorable
struggle on this floor betwepn the friends and
enemies of protection, and which resulted in the
passage of the act of 1846; the act which consti-
tutes your present system of duties upon imports.
I wish to remind him that then Pennsylvania and j
Massachusetts, flourishing under the benign inllu* |
ence of the legislation of stood side by side ;
in defense of protection as a great American !
principle, worth contending for art a principle. ,
The doctrine just uttered by the honorable gen- j
tleman, " that the way to break down the rigorous !
system of protection by striking at it in detail, I
and not by combination—by detaching from its ]
support the interests of those who are willing to 1
be detached,"had never, up to that moment,found j
favor with Massachusetts Representatives. The j
detail system of appeals to the dollar interests of ;
those willing to be detached, although tried, had j
been tried m vain—Massachusetts stood by Penn- i
sylvania, and Pennsylvania stood by Massachu- i
setts, unreduced by appeals to their sectional [
interests. They stood upon a principle, the pnn- i
ciple of specific duties, wherever applicable, for i
the double purpose of revenue and protection in I
58
contradistinction to an indiscriminate system of
revenue duties merely, without regard to protection.
When, sir, the effort was made, in the struggle of
1846, to detach the Pennsylvania representation
on this floor, by appeals to her peculiar interests,
what did you see? When they were told, as told
they were, that protection, ample protection, to
iron would readily be accorded to her, as an equiv-
alent for the support by her delegation of the
measure which was to strike a fatal blow at other
great and cherished interests of other States, what
was the response? The united delegation of
Pennsylvania, Whig and Democrat, with one
single exception, indignantly answered: No. We
are Pennsylvamans, but we are Americans also.
We will accept no boon for Pennsylvania as the
price of treachery to New England, to Louisiana,
and other sections which have nobly stood by us
in the day of our most urgent need.
As I have stated, sir, but a single member of
the Pennsylvania delegation in Congress left our
ranks upon that occasion; and that one was the
lion. David Wilmot.
I have recently seen a letter purporting to have
been written by that gentleman to a member of
the present Legislature of Pennsylvania, in vindi-
cation of the course he then pursued. This letter
lets you into some of the secrets of party move-
ments of that period. Mr. Wilmot says:
" I am of the firm belief, if six Democrats from Pennsyl-
vania would have acted with me, instead ot adheiing im-
movably to the act of 18-12, that our State would have
obtained all that reasonably could have been asked. In the.
early stages of the bill, belore jip friends had counted and
marshaled their forces, we could, in my opinion, have
secured spe<ljlc duties. In this I may be mistaken, but I
think not. It is certain wo could have obtained fifty per
cent, ad valorem. Even in the latter -tagc, of the bill, and
when its pa-sage was certain without any of our vote-?, >-o
anxious were its. friends to secure Pennsylvania support,
(ft om party consider at ions,) that McKay, who had ebulge
of the bill, as chairman ot the Committee of Ways and
Means, offered to more forty percent. ujiomron, if half the
Democrats from our Stale t could then vole Jor the bilh"
And Mr. Wilmot further adds, that " it always
seemed strange, when the passage of the bill was
certain, that our men would not make sure of all
they could get." Yes, sir, if Pennsylvania had
then consented to have abandoned her friends, she
might, no doubt, have reaped a rich harvest as the
reward of her treachery; but instead of standing
here this day with the proud consciousness of her j
fidelity m the hour of temptation, the blush of'
shame would tinge the cheek of her present Rep-
resentatives as they contemplated the foul dis-
honor reflected by their predecessors.
The question was taken on Mr. Banks's amend-
ment to the amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I offer the following sub-
stitute for the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio:
lc it further cnacted, That on and after the 1st day
of July, 1855, there shall be a reduction of twenty per
cent, on the rates of duty imposed by the act entitled " An
act reducine the duty on imports, and for oiher purposes,"
approved Jul) 30, la-lfi, on the goods, ware-^, and merch.m-
dit-e, unpolled from foreisn coiinUi>"s, enumerated and pro-
vided tor in schedules A, R, C, D, E, F, G, and B, and
also those provided lor in the third section of said act, ex-
cept as heremaftei piovided.
*t}nd he itjurthci enact cd, That thefollowing named arti-
cles embtaced in schedule D of said act of ,'ilst July, J84G,
be, and they are hereby, transferred to schedule C, to wit:
manufactures and articles of silk, or of which silk shall be
a component material; that the manufactures and articles
of tiax, or ot which llax shall be a component material, and
blankets of all kind*. embraced in schedule E oj the said ac-t
oi 31st July, 164(5, be transferred to schedule D ; ihct wool,
unmanutaeuiied, shall be transfer)ed to schedule G; that
unmanufactured, silk raw, with or without the sum,
not being doubled, twisted, or advanced m manufactures in
any way ; jute, manilla, and mc.iI grass, coir, and other
vegetable substances, unmanufactured, not otherwise pro-
vided for; lac spirits, lac sulphur, lampblack, Prussian
blue ; articles not in a«.rude state used m dyeing or tanning,
not otherwise providf d loi; brimstone, crude, in bulk;
creatn-of-lartar, extiactsof indigo, India rubber in bottles,
s!ab«,or sheets, unmanufactured,"'extracts of madder, barilla,
cudboar, hleaching-po wder or chloride of lime, indigo, coch-
ineal, woad or pastel ; acids, acetic, benzoic, boracic,
citric, muuatio, white and yellow, nitric, oxalic, pyro-
ligueoin and tartaric, and all other acid-5 of every descrip-
tion used for chemical, medicinal, or manufacturing pur-
poses, not otherwise provided for—be transferred to sched-
ule H.
And that salt, berries, nuts, flowers, plants, and vegeta-
bles, used exclusively in dyeing or m composing dyes; but
no article shall be classed as such that has undergone any
manufacture ; Brazil-wood, brazilletto, and ail other dye-
woods in sucks; burr-stones, wrought or unwrought;
codilla or tow of hemp or flax ; fruits and vegetables, green,
or ripe, not otherwise provided for; garden seeds and all
other seeds fur agricultural, horticultural, medicinal, and
manufacturing purposes, not otherwise provided for; bolt-
ing cloths; madder-root; madder ground or prepared; ice;
animals of all kinds—be transferred to schedule J.
Sec. — %&nd be it further enacted, That all goods,
wares, and merchandise which shall be imported from
foreign countries after (he passage of this act, and be in the
public stores on the first day of July aforesaid, shall be sub-
jnet, on entry thereof for consumption, to no other duty
than if the same had been imported, respectively, after that
day.
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That on the entry of
any goods, wares, and merchandise imported on and after
the first day of July aforesaid, the decision of the collector
of the customs at the port of Importation and entry, us u>
their liability to duty or exemption theretrom, shall be final
and conclusive against the owner, importer, consignee, or
agent, of any such good*, wares, and merchandise, unless
the owner, impoiter, consignee, or agent, shall, within ten
days after such decision, give notice to the collector, in
writing, of his dissatisfaction with the same, setting forth
theteiu distinctly and specifically hn grounds of objection
thereto ; and bhnll, within thirty days after the date of suclx
decision, appeal therefrom to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, whose decision on such appeal shall be final and con-
clusive; and the said goods, wares, and merchandise shall
be liable to duty or exempted therefrom accordingly, any
act of Congress to the contrary notwithstanding, unless suit
shall be brought within thirty days after such decision of
said Secretary for any duties that may have been paid, or
may thereafter be paid, on said good*, or within thirty
days after the dutie< shall have been paid in cases wheie
such goodb shall be m bond.
Src.—. Jlndhe it further enacted, That on and after
the first day of July aforesaid, all provisions of existing
laws inconsistent with the provisions of this act shall be
mopeiative and void.
Mr. GROW. Is it in order to vote on the ori-
ginal amendment before the substitute?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the im-
pression that, under the 34th rule, the vote must
be first taken on the substitute.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman, I look upon
this as nothing more than a war between a party
of soulless railroad corporations and the private
interests of the country. I look upon it as an
attempt to give to corporations privileges that not
one of the gentlemen who are in favor of this
proposition propose to give to the mechanical and
agricultural interests of the country. If it be right
that the duty should be taken off railroad iron for
the benefit of these corporations, is not the prin-
ciple far stton^er v/hen applied to the individual
cttizen ? Ought not these gentlemen propose to
take the duty off the iron which £oes into a part of
the annual consumption of the day laborer of the
country in the prosecution of his business? It
strikes me that they ought. And while you see
this attempt made to relieve the corporations, you
find no attempt made* at the same time, to relieve
the common day laborers of the land.
This thing is not now started for the first time.
Members of this House will recollect that this
corporation flag came here at the last session,
borne in the hands of one Azariah Boody, backed
up by Samuel F. Vinton and others, as a com-
mittee, who were to get five percent, on all money
which could be got m an operation of this sort.
They published "a circular, and that circular was
sent'out through the land. We find while they
were not successful then, that this combination
has continued. The wotk has been prosecuted,
and it now bids fair to be successful, and to be
carried out exactly as this committee desired in
their publication it should be.
If we are to have a revision of the tariff, I want
such a revision as will operate to the benefit of my
people of all classes, as well as to the railroad
corporations which happen to be in my State. I
want a general revision; one which will affcct all
the various articles which come into private and
individual use; one which will provide for the
farmer, the mechanic, and the day laborer, at the
same time it providea for corporations—men of
wealth, associated influence, and the moneyed
power of this land.
Sir, it is so. Then lc ok at it in another point of
view, and see what there is in this proposition that
should command the votes of southern men. How
are the railroads of the We&t being prosecuted—
