914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23*
many of them ? Ia it not by means of the public
lands of the Federal Government? But, sir, not
content with the lands which the Governmentgive
them, they now come here and ask that you should
refund to them the duties paid upon their iron—
that you should relieve them at the expense of the
National Treasury, while their burdens are thrown
upon the shoulders of you, and I, and every other
man in the country.
Sir, ia it right? Is it just? Is there any con-
sideration of policy or propriety that can be relied
on to justify action of this sort upon the part of
theNational Legislature of the country? Itstrikes
me that there can be none. If there should be dis-
crimination at all, that discrimination ought to be
rather in favor of individuals, than against indi-
viduals and in favor of associated wealth.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Chairman, if I had
not ceased to be surprised at any legislation, I
should have been surprised at the proposition made
this morning by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Edgekton.] When, sir, I came into this Hall,
this morning, and read the proceedings of the Sen-
ate on yesterday, 1 found to my surprise that, upon
a question almost in the very terms of the propo-
sition before us, but one solitary southern mem-
ber voted against it.
Mr. EDGERTON. I rise to a question of
order. I will state that it is the desire, I think, of
this whole committee, that debate shall be con-
fined to the advocacy or" opposition of the prop-
osition immediately under consideration. Now,
Bir, the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher]
has offered an amendment here, which lie did not
speak to at all, and the gentleman from Connecti-
cut is following; now upon the same side of the
question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am opposing the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine himself to the opposition of the amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will. I say, sir, when
I saw this state of things, I came here, and looked
calmly at this question; and what was the result?
Why, sir, the attempt is now being made to estab-
lish here the protective system in its most odious
form.
Mr. CE-IAMBERLAIN. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Connecticut a question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 do not yield the floor.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. 1 call the gentleman
to oi^er. I ask the Chair if it is in order for two
gentlemen to speak upon the same side of an
amendment?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am opposed to the ori-
ginal amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, and
also to that of the gentleman from Virginia.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest
to the gentleman from Connecticut that the ques-
tion pending is upon the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] and that
the rules require the gentleman to confine himself
to the opposition of that amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Have I not the right to
discuss the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia in connection with that of the gentleman
frnni Ohio, to which it is offered ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will pro-
ceed in order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I was proceeding to say
that the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
proposed to establish protection here in its most
odious sense. What is it? Sir, in Connecticut,
and particularly in my own district, there are
many workers in iron; but do you propose to pro-
tect them? Why not protect the individual inter-
est in the country as well as corporations?
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I call the gentleman
from Connecticut to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has not heard
enough of the remarks of the gentleman to determ-
ine that they are out of order.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I ask whether one
word the gentleman has said was in opposition to
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Virginia?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Con-
necticut will proceed in order. The proposition is
upon the amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Sir, it is now attempted
to do upon this floor by indirection what you dare
not do directly as Democrats. You are attempt-
ing to fasten upon this country a system of internal
improvements, which no member on this side of
the House dare support directly.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I rise to a question
of order; and 1 will state my question of order.
I ask the gentleman from Connecticut if the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia, which is
now pending, proposes to establish the system
upon which he is now speaking?
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the gentleman from
Indiana had waited until I was through with my
remarks he would have seen what the application
of my remarks was. Sir, the Democratic party of
this country long ago established the cash system
of duties. Cut, sir, we now find that members of
this House, who are bound by the principles of
that party, are now acting with the other side of
the House upon this question.
Mr. EDGERTON. 1 must insist upon my
point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Connecticut has expired.
Mr. KER.R obtained the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
gentlemen that, under the rule restricting debate
in committee to five minutes, one member is
allowed to speak five minutes in favor of an amend-
ment, and another five minutes in opposition to it.
The rule is imperative that debate must be confined
strictly to the proposition under consideration ;and
the attention of the Chair having been called to it,
he will feel called upon to enforce it strictly in
future. In the opinion of the Chair the remarks
of the two gentlemen who have last spoken were
not strictly in accordance with the rule. But the
Chair having been called upon to enforce it, he
will enforce it upon both sides of the House m
future.
The Chair will remark to the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Kerr] that debate has been
exhausted upon the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia.
Mr. I1AVEN. I ask for tellers upon that
amendment.
Mr. HAMILTON. Is not the original prop-
osition debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has been exhausted
upon that, too.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jones, of
Louisiana, and Riddle were appointed.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to inquire whether, as this amendment is
offeree! as a substitute to the original amendment,
it is not in order to amend the substitute?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. SEYMOUR. Is not the amendment pend-
ing in the nature of a substitute?
The CHAIRMAN. It is; but it is an amend-
ment to an amendment, and is not amendable. 'The
committee are compelled to vote now upon the
substitute.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 99, noes 8G.
So the amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
The question recurred upon Mr. Edgerton's
amendment as amended.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs.Riddle, and
Jones, of Louisiana, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes one hundred and two, noes not
counted.
So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
For the completion of Little Falls bridge, .$25,000 : Pro-
vided, That said bridge shall be finished upon Hie plan and
in the felyle in which it has been so far constructed, under
a contract to be first made therefor by the Secietary of the
Interior with some responsible contractor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 submit the ques-
tion of order that, the part of the bill to which
that amendment is germane having been passed,
it is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the committee
do now rise, and-report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the SpeaXfcr having
resumed the chair, the Chairman of the committee
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly House bill
(No. 569) to provide for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government, for the year
ending 30th June, 185G, and had directed him to
report back the same to the House with sundry
amendments.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the previous question
on the passage of the bill and amendments.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
[Cries of "No!" "No!" " Withdraw that
motion."]
Mr. WRIGHT. Well, I will withdraw my
motion until the main question shall have been
ordered, but I will then claim the privilege of re-
newing it.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask the Chair whether
the main question is to be ordered on all the
amendments together?
[Cries of " No!" " No'"]
Mr. HOUSTON, (amid loud cries of order.)
I was going to say to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Wheeler] 
Mr. HUNT, (interrupting.) I object to the
gentleman from Alabama making any explanation,
while we are not allowed to speak at all, and while
the gag has been put upon us.
[Cries of " Order !" " Order !"]
Mr. HOUSTON. May I not ask the Chair to
put the vote on these amendments, which are not
objectionable in gross, and let any gentleman select
such amendments as he may desire a separate vote
upon ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about to
answer the inquiry of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Wheeler.] The previous question,
if seconded, will cover all the amendments—but
not taken as a whole—until each amendment is
voted on, so that if gentlemen desire a separate
vote upon any amendment, it can be had.
Mr. WHEELER. That is all I wanted to
know.
The SPEAKER. For convenience sake, and
to facilitate the action of the House upon the bill,
it ia usual to vote upon such amendments as are
not objected to in gross. The amendments, there-
fore, will be read, and as to such amendments as
any gentleman on the floor may desire a separate
vote upon, he will so declare when it is read from
the Clerk's desk, and it will be reserved for such
separate vote.
Mr. MACE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Houston's de-
mand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
[Loud cries of "Oh, no." "Withdraw that
motion." "Let us vote first upon the amend-
ments."]
The SPEAKER. The question of adjourn-
ment is not debatable, according to the express
rules of the House.
Mr. DAWSON. I wish to remark that, in
order that the House may pass upon such amend-
ments as there is no objection to, I will with-
draw my motion to adjourn until that is done,
giving notice, however, that I will then renew the
motion.
Mr. ORE.. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the main question was ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SAGE. This is a very important bill,
Mr. Speaker, so important that I think members
should have an opportunity of considering before
they vote upon it. I therefore move that the
House do now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion wa3
not agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. It is loo late to call for the
yeas and nays, the question having been decided.
Mr. JONES, of rJ Tennessee. There is quite a
number of amendments to this bilf, and as to u
great number of them there will be no objection.
There are a few amendments which genilemen de-
sire to have separate votes on, particularly that
upon the tariff; and if gentlemen would just desig-
nate what one they require to have a separate vote
