1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
915
on, it would not be necessary for all of them to be
read over, and this would greatly expedite busi-
ness.
Air. WHEELER. Oh, no; let them all be
read over, po that we can te]] what we object to.
The Cterk then proceeded to read the amend-
ments in order.
Mr. HI rCHlE, of Pennsylvania, asked for a
separate vote on the amendment of the committee
in reference to the tariff.
Mr. W ALSH, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his demand for a separate vote on the forty-ninth
amendment, in reference to the Land Office clerks.
The question was then taken on all the amend-
ments to which there was no objection, and on
which a separate vote had not been asked, and
they were concurred in.
.ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN", from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the
following titles; which received the Speaker's sig-
nature: °
An act to provide for holding the United States
courts in the northern and southern districts of
Florida in case of the sickness or disability of
either of the judges of these-districts;
An act to establish a court for the investigation
of claims against the United States; and
An act concerning the apprehension and deliv-
ery of deserters on vessels in the ports of the
United S ares.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Thereupon, the House (at half past three
o'clock) adjourned until to-morrow, at eleven, a.
m.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 24, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburst.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore-laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
Suites, communicating a report from the Secretary
of the Interior, asking for an appropriation for the
extension of the culvert running from the Capitol
grounds; which was referred to the Committee on
Fmnnoe, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a message from the President of the
Unhed States, transmitting, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate, a report from the Secre-
tary of State, inclosing a copy of the letter ad-
dressed to the Department of State, on the 17th of
November, 18.V2, by M. Joaquin J. de Osrna,
Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipoten-
tiary of the Republic of Peru; which was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of War, com-
muncating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Se,kite, a report and map of C. A. Fuller, Esq.,
civil engineer, of his late survey of the Red river,
in the region of the raft; which was ordered to he
on the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of C.
-Lodwig Rmhter, praying Congress to make an
appropriation for a bronze monument in com-
memoiation of Thomas Jefferson, and that he may
be employed to execute the same; which was re-
lerred to the Committee on the Library.
Mr GWIN presented the petition of D. 0.
Shattuck, praying a revival of the act of February
-3, 1804, supplemental to the act to ascertain and
pel tie Uie private land claims in the State of Cali-
fornia; which was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Orde>ed, That E. S. Parker, of the Seneca nation, have
Wve to withdraw the memorials of the Seneca tribe of
Inditns re-pectins th° tran^far of certain stock held in -
t« mm lor them by the Ontario Canlt, an allowance of further j
■"Oiiipensauoa lor their lands, and the payment of annu-
ities.
On motion by Mr SLIDELL, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the petition
•of C. E. Greneaux.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the petition
of A. G. Benson, reported a joint resolution author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to settle the
claini of Alfred G. Benson on the principles of
equity and justice; which was read, and passed to
a second reading.
MAIL STEADIER APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Pi-
nance, to whom was leferred the bill making
appropriations for the transportation of the United
States mail by ocean steamers and otherwise,
during the fiscal years ending the 30th of June,
1855, and the 30th of June, 1856, reported it with
amendments.
WATER-ROTTED HEMP.
Mr. BELL submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent and
agreed to:
Revolved< That the Committee on Naval Affair? inquire
into the expediency of authorizing the Secretary ol the Navy,
after giving due public notice, to contract, for a period of
five years, with the lowest biddei, for a sufficient supply of
water-rotted hemp for the u^e of the Navy, giving a prefer-
ence to American grown hemp, at ihe same price, and
raising the test to four iiiou--aiid four hundred pounds upon
a rope one inch arid three quarter m circumference.
INSPECTORS OP STEAMBOATS.
Mr. BELL submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent and
agreed to:
Revolved, That the Committee on Commerce inquire into
the expediency of increasing the salaries of the local in-
spectors of steamboats at Wheeling and Nashville.
SURVEY IN FLORIDA.
Mr. MORTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent:
ResolccU That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to the Senate the result of the laic survey in
Florida, made under an appropriation provided in the ;u*t
approved 30th Au;um, or so much thereof as relates
to ihe line examined between Cedar Key and Amelia
Island.
Mr. MALLORY. I would say to my colleague,
in relation to that matter, what, perhaps, may
render the resolution unnecessary, and which he
is not probably aware of, that the survey of the
line has not been completed. The Committee on
Commerce have now under consideration a prop-
osition to make an appropriation to enable the
Secretary of War to complete it, and he is only
waiting lor that appropriation to send m his report.
Perhaps my colleague is not aware of that.
Mr. MORTON. I am well aware of the fact
stated by my colleague, that the survey is not
completed; but I wish to obtain the report of it as
far as ic has progressed.
The resolution was agreed to.
FOX ANO WISCONSIN RIVERS.
Mr. WALKER. The Committee on Public
Lands have directed me to report a joint resolution
explanatory of an act passed August 3, 1854. 1 i
wish to make a very brief explanation in regard I
to it after it shall have been read, and then to ask !
for us passage. j
The resolution was read twice, and considered 1
as in Committee of the Whole. j
it proposes to declare that it was the intention 1
of the act of Congress, approved August 5,1834— !
and that that act shall be so construed—to give
to Wisconsin, m aid of the improvements of the !
navigation of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers, a ;
quantity of land equal, mile for mile of those ira- j
provements, to that granted in Indiana under the ;
provisions of the act of Congress, approved May
9, 3848.
Mr. WALKER. I have endeavored to get
that measure through Congress for several years.
1 have got it five times through the Senate, but,
until the last session, I was not so fortunate as to
get it through the House of Representatives.
Under the phraseology of the act to which refer-
ence is made, a difficulty has arisen at the General
Laud Omce in its construction. The intention of
the committee and of Congress was to do for
Wisconsin, in the selection of tfie residue of her
lands—for she got the original appropriation in i'
181G—what had been done for Indiana; but, as I j
have mentioned, a difficulty arises m the con- {.
Rtruction of the act under Us peculiar phraseology, j
This resolution is the form drawn by the Cornmis-
sioner of the General Land Office. I have his '•
letter addressed to the chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands in the House on the subject, re-
questing this explanatory resolution to be passed
to enable him to carry out the act. { therefore
ask that it may be put upon its passage.
Several Senators. There is no objection to it.
The resolution was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, otdered to be engrossed for <a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PACIFIC RAILROAD ROUTE REPORTS.
Mr. JOHNSON. I report, from the Commit-
tee on Printing, the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed, for the use of the Sen-
ate, ten thousand copies ot the several reports of surveys
lor a railroad to the Pacific, made under the direction of tho
Secretary of War; and also of the report of F. VV. Lan-
der, civil engineer, of a survey of a railroad route from
Puget's Soutid, by Fort Hall and the Great Salt Lake, to the
Mi^iasippj river-, and ihe report of John C Fremont, of a
route for a railroad from the head waters of the Arkansas
river into the State of California ; together with ihe maps
and plates accompanying said ^cporis, nece^&ary to illus-
trate the same; and that five hundred copies be printed for
the use of the Secretary of War, and fifty copies lor each
of the commanding officers engaged in said service. And
the binding of such books ashave been ordered to be printed
m quarto, j-hall be executed m such style and paid for at
such price as the Committee on Printing shall dircct.
Mr. WELLER. I should like to have an ad-
ditional number of copies printed of a report and
map made by the late surveyor of the Mexttaa
boundary, which was sent in some ten days ago.
The Committee on Printing, I believe, recom-
mended the printing of two thousand extra copies.
If it be in order, I move to amend this resolution
by adding a provision that five thousand addi-
tional copies of that report be printed.
The PRESIDENT. Underour rule, that must
go to the Committee on Printing, to be reported
upon.
Mr. WELLER. Is it not in order to move to
increase the number reported by the committee?
Mr. JOHNSON, i hope the rule will not be
enforced upon the Senator, when I make the fol-
lowing statement: The subject of printing ten
thousand additional copies of that work, or, in
other words, eight thousand more than they agreed
to, was before the committee, and they decided
j adversely upon it. I presume, under these cir-
| cumstances, the Senate will vote the amendment
down.
; Mr. WELLER. I do not think the statement
I made by the Senator from Arkansas has anything
j to do with the question. If I make a motion to
, printan additional number of any document, under
; the rule.s, that motion goes to the Committee "on
. Printing; but whoever supposed that the report
. of that committee was conclusive upon the Sen-
i ate? Suppose a majority of the Senate think there
[ ought to be five thousand instead of two or three
thousand copies printed. Is it not competent for
j any member of the Senate to move to increase the
number? I apprehend that, by the rule under
which these resolutions go to the Committee on
Printing, it was never intended that the decision
of that committee should bo final, and that we
should be precluded from offering amendments to
increase the number recommended by the com-
nuttee. I have no disposition to embarrass this
resolution, and if my amendment does that, i with-
draw it.
The PRESIDENT. It is in the power of the
Senate to reverse the recommendation of the com-
miUee.
Mr. WELLER. I should like to understand
this question, whether, when a resolution is re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing, their report
upon that resolution is final ?
i The PRESIDENT. The rule is, that when a
i motion is first made in reference to printing such
, papeis, it must go necessarily to the Committee
' on Printing. After it has been reported back, the
Senate can make such Older as they think proper.
Does the Senator withdraw his amendment?
Mr. WELLER. If in order, I desire to have
, the number that I have indicated of that report
and map printed. I regard it as a very important
map. It wii!,when completed, be one of the most
i perfect maps we have of the country between the
Rio Grande and the hourdary of California.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is under the
impression t:,ot the amendment is not in order.
Air. JOHNSON. I hope the Senate will be
allowed to vote upon it, and that will setile the
question at once. The Senator has the right to
make the motion, I suggest to the Chair. I want
