918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
aid of that fund. At two ports of the Sandwich
Islands alone, where, by the way, from the char-
acter of our commerce there, being carrier on by
whaling vessels, the expenditure will necessarily
be larger, these commissions amounted to an
enormous sum. I have a document here which
states the amount for two of those ports, Honolulu
and JLahaina. At Lahaina, there was drawn by
the consul last year, nearly $50,000—upwards of
$45,000—and the year before about $25,000. His
receipts upon his commission of five per centum
for the years 1850 and 1851 were $1,241, and for
1852, $£,135. That was the commission of five
per centum, showing: that the amount during 1852,
on which it was the commission, was upwards of
$40,000.
Now, at these remote places—I by no means
mean to say that such is the fact, because I am
not informed about it; yet—if the consul himself
provides for these sick and disabled seamen cloth-
ing, lodging, nursinjsy&c., and receives the emol-
uments himself which are derived from so main-
taining and clothing seamen, he is placed in a
position to be tempted to expend the public money
unnecessarily in that form, by placing it in his
own pocket, and drawing five per cent, for the
liberty of doing it; or in other words, it is his
interest to charge these bills as high as he can,
because not only does he derive a profit from the
expenditure, but he gets a commission upon the
gross sum. The bill, in giving these consuls fixed
salaries, and taking away all these commissions,
will rid the Government of thct dangerous and
increasing source of wasteful expenditure which
is experienced by the country.
The scheme of the bill is to divide the consuls
into two classes. One class are to receive salaries,
and are prohibited from transacting any business
of any kind except theirpublic duties. The other
class are al<so to receive salaries, but reduced ones,
and are permitted to enter into trade; but there is
a clause in the bill expressly prohibiting the con-
suls from themselves furnishing anything to the
sick and disabled seamen; so that, although they
may go into trade generally, they cannot trade
with the seamen, and so be tempted to depredate
upon the public money. That, I think, to be a very
great step taken in this reform, and one which will
be found very wholesome and economical.
As to the amount of salaries that are paid to
these consuls respectively, I have found in my
examination, aided, I am again happy to say, by
the labor, the great labor, of the gentleman of the
other House who prepared the bill, that they have
been adjusted, as far as it was practicable, with
reference to the existing receipts at the various
consulates—not measured by, but framed in ref-
erence to them; and again in reference to the de-
gree of public service that the consul is called
upon to perform ,-the character of that service, and
the expense of living at the place where he may
be located.
It has been found, so far as the materials could
be obtained at the Department to get at the in-
formation, that the high degree of probability is,
when the system goes into full cffect, and when,
as I trust it will be, it is diligently supervised and
guarded, that, in the course of one or two years,
the fees that will be paid by these consuls into
the Treasury will discharge the whole burden of
the consular establishment.
I shall not detain the Senate longer, Mr. Presi-
dent. I only desired to make a short explana-
tion of the main features of the bill.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator from Virginia
told us in the beginning of his speech—and i do
not at all attempt to controvert it—that it has been
agreed to pass this bill without amendment. I do
not know who entered into the agreement; and I
shall have to be better satisfied than I am now, on
one or two points, before I become a party to it.
The first section provides that the President shall,
after the 30th of June next, appoint the officers
who are therein named. The last section repeals
all laws heretofore existing upon that subject. It
strikes me, therefore, that on the morning of the
1st of July we shall be without a foreign minister
or foreign consul. You repeal the law under
which they are now holding—under which they
have been appointed—and you require the Presi-
dent to appoint successors. He cannot appoint
them until this law takes effect.
Mr. MASON. The bill certainly contemplates
that after the 50th of Juna it shall be incumbent
on the President to appoint the various ministers
who are mentioned in the bill. He will have to
reappoint them; and it was necessary for this
reason: "We have abroad but six ministers pleni-
potentiary; the rest are charges or ministers resi-
! dent. They are all to be comprised, by the bill,
in the one grade of minister plenipotentiary; and
the President would have been obliged to reap-
point all except the six who are now ministers
plenipotentiary. Then it was found, as there was
a necessity to reappoint a large number of them,
it would simplify the matter by extending the re-
appointment to the whole.
Mr. BROWN. Then, I understand, the pur-
pose of the bill is to turn out all the present offi-
cers, or will they hold on until ths reappointment
is made?
Mr. MASON. That is to be taken for granted.
Mr. BROWN. 1 doubt very much whether
that is the construction of the bill. Then there
is another point. Under the explanation given by
the Senator from Virginia, in answer to the ques-
tion of the Senator from New York, it seems to
me that the operation of this bill will be exceed-
ingly unjust. Those foreign ministers are not to
receive pay, their salaries are not to commence,
until their diplomatic duties are commenced. 1
understand the Senator from Virginia to explain
that to mean, that they must actually have been
accredited at the Court to which they are ap-
pointed.
Mr. SEWARD. If the honorable Senator will
allow me, I will read that portion of the bill.
Jlral be it further enacted, That no envoy extraordinary
and minister plenipotentiary, commissioner, secretary of'le-
gation,dragoman,interpreter, consul, or commercial agent,
who fctmlj, alter the 30lit drty of June, next, be appointed to
any of the countries or places herein named, bo entitled to
compensation until he shall have reached his post and
entered upon his official duties.
Mr. BROWN. I suggest that that is exceed-
ingly unjust. The Minister to England can go
from New York in twelve or fourteen days, and
he can go for $150 or $200, certainly not exceed-
ing $200. A Minister to China cannot reach his
post under four or five months, and atan expense,
perhaps, of $1>000 or $1,500, and yet he is liable
to be recalled if a change of Administration occurs,
before he has been there a month. Now, what
will be his compensation?
Mr. MASON. Fifteen thousand dollars.
Mr. BROWN. Fifteen thousand dollars,
whether he performs any duty or not-*—if he sim-
ply enters upon them ?
Mr. MASON. That is the annual salary of
the mission.
Mr. BROWN. Does he get the year's salary
whether he is called home or not before its expi-
i ration ?
A Senator. No.
Mr. BROWN. Very well; then, I was right.
It takes him four months to reach his mission.
Before he has been there three months, through
a change of Administration, he maybe recalled
home. Then what is his compensation ? A man
will not get enough to take him out and bring him
home. I think, to say the least of it, the salary
ought to commence when he enters upon the duties
of his mission, and that ought to be when he
leaves his home and starts to the country to which
he is appointed, for he is then in the public ser-
vice.
There is another point which I do not exactly
comprehend. The Senator says that the expenses
of these missions are to be diminished by this
bill. I understand him to say that we cannot
keep our ministers abroad now, because, in the
course of two years, they have exhausted not
only their salaries, but their private means, unless
they chance to be men of fortune. How are we,
then, to keep them abroad under the diminished
salary? If you pay them less hereafter than you
pay them now, and now with their pay they can-
not stay abroad, how they are to stay under a
smaller pay for the life of me I cannot compre-
hend. If you can show me that a man who gets
less can live for less, I shall be satisfied on that
point; but unless you can diminish a man's ex-
penses, I cannot, for the soul of me, see how you
are to enable him to live on less money, simply
by changing the law. These are the points of
embarrassment in the case which have struck my
mind; and before I ran agree to pass the bill with-
out amendment, I think these points ought to be
understood.
Mr. MASON. I think the honorable Senator
will modify his objection, if he does not entirely
abandon it, upon this statement: It is very certain?
that it will cost more to go to some places than to
others. It will cost more money to go into the
interior of Europe than to one of the sea-ports, and
it will cost more to go China than to England or
France—I do not know how much more—and a
person would be a longer time about it. The
Senator would find not only that the salaries of
consuls, but, to some extent, the diplomatic sala-
ries, are increased somewhat in proportion to the
distance from our country to which they are sent^
Now, there is to be given to the Minister to China.
$15,000. My recollection is, that, until a very
recent period, he was not a minister, but only a
commissioner, and received but $6,000 a year.
Lately it has been raised to the grade of minister
plenipotentiary, 'with the ordinary salary of
$G,000; but now it is proposed to pay him $15,000,-
and one reason for entering into the increase of
the salary was the distance of the mission and the
time and expense which it took to go there.
The next objection of the honorable Senator is
to the position that, under the bill, the expense to1
the Government will not be increased, while there
will be a very large increase to the receipts of the
missions. He cannot understand that, he says-
If he does not know the advantage resulting from
that, I will suggest it to him. What 1 said was,
that it i3 now the interest, and occasionally be-
comes the necessity, of our foreign ministers to
remain abroad as short a time as possible, for the
longer they remain, the less emolument do they
receive. If they remain abroad one year they
receive $23,250; and we know very well that
some of our ministers have gone abroad and re--
mamed but a year. If they remain abroad two-
years they receive upwards of $16,000 a year—the1
sum in each instance being greater than the present
amount. But if they remain abroad four years,
they come down as low as $12,000. Now, what
I meant to say was, that while you place k in the
power of the minister to increase his salary, by
diminishing his term of office, you tempt him to
submit to the unfortunate necessity to which many
of them are reduced, to go abroad with the knowl-
edge that if they remain a long time they wilt
come home bankrupt; and to avoid that, to the
injury of the public service, he shortens his mis-
sion. Now, what he is toreceive,underthis bill,
will be fixed and determined, let him remain at
longer or a shorter time, and then, I presume, it
will result that the gentlemen who propose to take
these missions, or desire to do it, will know
exactly what they can count upon from the public
fisc for their expenditure, and regulate their affairs
accordingly. 1 am not prepared to say that, if £
had modeled this bill, I would have made the sala-
ries just as they are. 1 should have enlarged some
of them; but wc have attained a great step when
we take from foreign ministers that temptation to
derogate from the public service in order to avoid
coming home bankrupt.
Mr. CLAYTOIN. I wish to state, in addition
to what has been so well^said by my colleague
on the committee, [Mr. Masost,] in reply to my
friend from Mississippi, some other reasons why
the bill which has been reported is much better
than the system which we now have. It pro-
vides—and my friend objects to it on that account
—that the minister's salary shall not commence
until he has reached the place of his destination,
and entered on his duties. He anticipates that
injustice will grow from that. He may have
started, and a change of Administration may
occur, and then, he says, it would be very unjust
that he should return home without being paid;
but, sir, if my friend will reflect upon the policy
of the change, he will see how greatly it overbal-
ances the disadvantage to which he has pointed.
This has been the practice of many of our min-
isters: Many of them have been in the habit of
remaining in this country after receiving their
commissions, and after their salaries have com-
menced. I know an instance >n which one of
them was a whole year in reaching his place of
destination; yet he received his Balary for the
whole time. 1 could point out many instances in
which this abuse has existed, and it is for the
purpose of cutting that up by the roots that this
proposition is now made that the salaries shall
not commence until they reach their place of des-
tination.
