1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
019
In regard to the general policy contained in the
bill, 1 trust it will commend itself to the favor and
attention of every Senator, when they reflect on
this. Our ministers heretofore have gone abroad,
many of them but little acquainted with diplomatic
affairs; they have remained justabout long enough
to become useful to the country; they have re-
mained about long enough to become acquainted
with the duties of their mission, and perform them
well; and just about the period they are becoming
useful to the country, they have come home,
because they could not afford to remain any longer
abroad. Now, the policy of the measure which
's reported from the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions is to offer the minister inducements to remain
there, and not to come home after one or two
years. His yearly compensation is increased as
he remains there, as gentlemen will see by exam-
ining the bill. He has every inducement which
we can honorably offer him to stay and perform
the duties of his mission. And, sir, 1 think that
every one who has looked into the subject, who
has had any experience in regard to it, will agree
with me that one of the greatest mischiefs from
which this Government has suffered, has been the
constant change of its ministers abroad. We thus
lose the benefit of all experience. Young, inex-
perienced men are sent abroad in lieu of those who
have acquired some experience; and it is this per-
petual rotation or revolution among these officers,
that this bill will remedy; and it, therefore, com-
mends itself strongly to me, and I hope it will to
my friend.
Mr. BROWN. The point to which I wish to
call the attention of the Senate is this: Take the
instance of our Ministerto Spain. Hegets $9,000
for outfit, and (>9,000 salary, besides his infit, and
the overlapping of which my friend from Virginia
has spoken; consequently his pay for the first
year would be about $23,250. That is nearly
equal to two years' salary under this bill. If he
stays out the whole four years now he will get
about $50,000. Under this bill he would get
$48,000; but the argument is, that, under the law
as it now stands, our ministers cannot stay abroad
because they are compelled to exhaust their sal-
aries and their private fortunes into the bargain.
What 1 wanted to call attention to is this: If they
cannot stay abroad under their present pay—and
you are not increasing their pay by the bill—how
is it to be expected that they can stay abroad
hereafter?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator allow me
to give him an explanation on that point, which
seems to embarass him ?
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is very plain to me. A
minister now goes abroad and gets his outfit,
$9,000, and his salary of $9,000 a year. He re-
ceives the $18,000 for the first year's service. After
establishing himself abroad, he finds the second
year that he gets but $9,000 as a regular income.
Mr. CLAYTON. That is all.
Mr. BENJAMIN. At the end of the second
year he finds his income is not equal to the ex-
penditure required by'his office. What is the
refult? It is that he abandons his post and comes
home with an infit. He remains abroad for two j
years; he, therefore, receives pay for those two
years, at an average of $15,000 or $10,000 a year.
He is incited to return home, because the longer
he stays abroad the less becomes the remuneia-
tion which he receives. Under the bill, if he goes
abroad the first year, at a salary of $12,000, a
suitable proportion of that is expended in his pas-
sage,and in establishinghimselfabroad. His first
year's salary is, therefore, diminished by those
expenses of outfit which are necessarily incurred
when he first removes to a foreign country; but,
after these expenditures have been incurred, he
finds that, being relieved from them, his salary j
in fact becomes increased, and he will get $12,000 1
a year. The first expenses having been incurred, j
he is able to remain abroad then at $12,000 a year
his whole term. If he remains abroad the whole
four years, what he receives would be equivalent
to what the bill allows; but, under the present sys-
tem, after receiving the extra compensation of the
first year, the remuneration is suddenly cut down
to such an extent as to make it his interest to
return home immediately.
Mr. CLAYTON. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. And you put his interest
against the interest of the Government.
Mr. BROWN. My friend from Louisiana does
not seethe point to which I was alluding, namely,
that they were compelled to return because they
had exhausted their salaries and private fortunes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Exactly; they would ex-
haust their salaries and their private fortunes if
they remained abroad. I understand my friend
from Virginia to say, at the end of the second
year, that they would be unable to remain abroad
without drawing on their private fortunes to such
an extent as to make them unable to stand the
sacrifice; and, therefore, they return home. The
object of the bill is to make it the interest of the
ministers to stay abroad. If they would remain
the whole four years, under the present system,
there would be no object in changing it.
Mr. BADGER. I do not know that the bill
can be considered as entirely perfect, or that it
entirely meets my approbation; but I am for
voting for it as we have it. It is an important
and valuable improvement—very necessary, in-
deed, for the transaction of the public business. It
is a move in the right direction, and, so far as it
goes, it is, I think, a highly valuable and excel-
lent measure. I am not, therefore, myself for
putting it in any hazard of not becoming a law;
and I am, therefore, disposed to vote for it pre-
cisely in the form in which we now have it.
Having said thus much, Mr. President—all that
I designed to say upon the merits of the meas-
ure—I wish to make a remark which I think is
due to my honorable friend from Delaware. He
has hastily thrown out an ill-considered sugges-
tion, which, if he does not take an opportunity of
setting it right, will do some injury to his charac-
ter in the estimation of the public, as a gentleman
of long experience and intimate acquaintance with
the principles and operation of our syslem of Gov-
ernment. It will leave him under the suspicion,
notwithstanding certain exterior testimonials to
the contrary, of being green even at the time of
life to which he and I have attained. [Laughter.]
Why, sir, he has said that these frequent changes
of ministers abroad produce an exceedingly in-
jurious influence upon the interest of the country
abroad; as if my friend did not very well know
that ministers were not sent abroad on account
of promoting the interest of the country, but for
the convenience*and advantage of the minister.
[Laughter.] If, therefore, by the frequent chang-
ing, a minister remains only a year or two abroad,
and a succession of good fellows, who may have
very little business at home, or prefer being abroad,
are provided with an increased compensation
abroad, which they would not receive if they re-
mained abroad four or five years, does not he see
that the great end and purpose of our missions
are better accomplished by that? [Laughter.]
Sir, we establish missions for the benefit of our
own people. They should generally be established
in such a manner as will produce that beneficial
result in the largest degree. [Laughter.] I hope
my friend will take occasion to set himself right,
for I should be sorry that that expression should
pass without some explanation from him.
Mr. CLAYTON. My friend from North Car-
olina is an incorrigible wag. [Laughter.] He pro-
fesses to be old in this matter, but I think his
remarks show that he is very verdar.t. Sir, we
have had, it is true, some very incompetent men
i>'-road, and the sooner they return home the bet-
ter for us. The present system is better for them
undoubtedly. But we have, also, had some very
able men; and some of those very able men, I tlo
verily believe, from the small amount of their pri-
vate fortunes, and the incompetency of their sal-
ary, have been compelled to return home just at
the very period when they were becoming useful
to the country. Take, as an instance, our Minis-
ter to London. I believe the first American min-
ister who ever gave a cabinet dinner was Abbot
Lawrence, a gentleman of large fortune, who was
able to do it. The rent of his house, alone, was
$10,000, exceeding the whole amount of his sal-
ary. However, it is not necessary to protract this
I debate. I think the Senate is convinced that the
j salaries ought to be raised.
j Mr. BADGER. 1 want to ask my friend if he
i is not in favor of rotation in office? [Laughter.]
j Mr. CLAYTON. [ beg pardon—no, sir.
j Mr. BADGER. Does he not think-,that every-
I body ought to have a chance? [Renewed laugh-
| ter.]
I Mr. CLAYTON. 1 would have a minister
remain abroad, if he was fit for the place, and
thoroughly acquainted with all his duties, and
doing honor to his country, aa long as he con-
tinued to discharge them properly. The doctrine
of rotation in office does not satisfy me, and I do
not believe that it satisfies my friend from North
Carolina.
Mr. BADGER. Oh, I am a better Democrat
than you. [Laughter.]
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone the prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the Post Office
appropriation bill.
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia will not press that motion to-day. I think
there is a general disposition in the Senate to push
the appropriation bills next week to the exclu-
sion of everything else, and I hope we shall be
permitted to-day to dispose of several important
bills that are on the public table, and ought to be
acted upon.
After the presentation of some reports and peti-
tions, which are given before,
Mr. HUNTER. It has been suggested to me
by various friends that if 1 will not press my ap-
piopriation bills to-day, they will assist me on
Monday and all next week with them, and will
aid me every day to get them up. [" Agreed 1"
"Agreed!"] With that understanding, I will
not press my motion to-day, but allow the Senate
to go on with other business.
PRIORITY OF BUSINESS,
Mr. STUART. There are two or three meas-
ures remaining undisposed of, which I om anxious
to take up, which can be acted on in a few minutes.
One is the report of the committee of conference
on the swamp land bill.
Mr. BADGER. That will not be disposed of
in the whole day.
Mr. STUART. It will in fifteen minutes, I
think. It is a privileged question, and one I beg
leave to submit, which we ought not to have post-
poned at all as a matter of precedent. It never
should be done, I think, in any case, and especially
at this stage of the session. I hope, therefore, the
Senate will proceed to consider and dispose of that
bill at this time.
Mr. DAWSON. I wish to state to the Senate
that I have been obliged to ask them once or twice _
to take up the business of the District of Colum-
bia, and assign special days for its consideration;
but in every instance this District has been super-
seded, and not a measure for its benefit has been
taken up. I ask the Senate, now, to take up the
District bills, and it is the last time, as chairman
of that committee, that I shall make the request,
unless I change my mind. It is due to the citizens
of the District, that we should pass some of the
measures which I desire 'to have taken up. There
are several bills which have been reported by the
committee, of great importance, and one of them
will be entirely useless, if two days longer shall
elapse before it be passed. It is a bill from the
House of Representatives, intended to have effect
upon the city of Georgetown, where the elections
take place on Monday. There are other propo-
sitions which have been lying over from the begin-
ning of the session, that should be disposed of. I
only ask for a few hours. If gentlemen will take
my word for them, there need be no discussion of
the measures presented by the Committee on the
District of Columbia. I shall not discuss them
unless somebody attacks them. I assure the Sen-
ate, moreover, that they have been well considered
by the committee, and that they are ready for
their passage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller
in the chair). The first question is on the motion
of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. STUART. I submit to the Senator from
Georgia, that if we shall all of us agree to-day
not to discuss the priority of business, we shall
dispose of a great many bills, and his among the
rest. The measure which I have brought forward
is one which ought to have precedence over every
other.
Mr. BELL. I desire to ask if the internal im-
provement bills were .not made the special order
for one o'clock this day?
Mr. DAWSON. My bills were made the
