1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
921
is to have power to pass all ordinances which may-
be necessary to enforce, by lines, penalties, and
imprisonment, the appearance of all persons who
may be required to testify, under oath or affirma-
tion , before an assessor, or commissioner, or judge
of election, and to compel them to answer all in-
terrogatories as may be necessary and proper in
the premises.
Washington and Georgetown Corporations are
to have power to cause any streets, or thecarriage-
ways or foot-ways thereof, or of any portions of
them, to be paved, graded, or otherwise improved,
whenever, in their discretion, it may be necessary;
to cause to be constructed drains and sewers for
the proper drainage, health, or convenience of the
cities, and upon such plan of surface or under-
ground drainage, or by taking advantage of the
natural drainage, or changing the course thereof,
as may be deemed most eligible; and to cause the
streets, or any of them, to be lighted by gas or
otherwise, and to provide for the expense of such
improvements, either by a special tax or out of
their corporate funds generally, or both. The
jurisdiction of Washington is to be extended over
the whole extent of the bridges and abutments
which are, or may be, constructed, from the city
across the Eastern Branch or the Potomac river.
It may cause new alleys to be opened into the
squares, and to open, extend, change, or close
those already laid out; subject always to the pro-
viso, concerning damages to individuals, contained
in th'e eighth section of the act of May 15,1820,
incorporating the city of Washington; to dispose
of the ground occupied by any such alley or alleys
as have been, or hereafter may be, closed by its
authority. It is not, however, to open alleys into
or interfere with public reservations without con-
gressional permission. It may create and estab-
lish police and municipal courts, houses of refuge
or correction for juvenile or other offenders, and
may provide for their support and government by
(special tax, or out of its corporate funds, or other-
wise; may.pass any laws, not inconsistent with
the Constitution and laws of the United States,
for the establishment of an efficient police, for the
maintenance of order, the protection of persons
and property, an<frfor the punishment of offenses
against the ordinances and police regulations of
the corporation.
The Corporation of Washington is to have
power to provide by law for the levying and col-
lection of all taxes which it is, or may be, author-
ized to impose, or which may have been heretofore
lawfully imposed, but are remaining unsatisfied,
in such manner as may be deemed most efficient
and conducive to the interests of the city, any
existing provisions in its present charter, in that
respect, to the contrary notwithstanding. All
sales and conveyances of real estate charged with
taxes, which shall be marie in conformity with the
rules, directions, and provisions, prescribed by the
corporation, are to be valid and effectual, at law
and in equity, to pass to and vest in the purchaser
or purchasers, his, her, or their heirs or assigns,
a title in fee-simple, or such lesser estate as may
be sold and conveyed m the land and appurte-
nances so sold, and an absolute title to nil chattels
which may bo so sold and conveyed, subject, how-
ever, to sacli right of redemption of the real estate
as is provided by existing laws. In all cases of re-
demption hereafter, the peison so redeeming is, m
addition to the requirements of existing laws, to
repay to the purchaser all taxes paid by him to
the corporation upon the property between the
time of purchase and redemption, together with
interest, at the rate of ten per centum per annum.
AH taxation, except of special taxes, shall be
withm the limit prescribed by the charter of the
corporation, and nothing contained in the bill is to
authorize the imposition of any tax upon any of
the property of the United States.
Authority is also given to organize a fire depart-
ment; and power is reserved to amend, alter, or
repeal the act.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read the third time. It was read
the third time, and passed; and the title was
amended so as to read, "An act granting certain
additional powers to the Corporations of Wash-
ington and Georgetown."
TAXES FOR THE METROPOLITAN RAILROAD.
Mr. DAWSON. The next bill which I pro-
pose to take up is House bill authorizing the
corporate authorities of Georgetown to impose
additional taxes, apd for other purposes.
Mr. TOUCEY. Before that is done I wish to
suggest to the chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary the propriety of now taking up the
bill which I reported by direction of that com-
mittee, for reorganizing the courts in the District
of Columbia.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the bill referred to by
the Senator from Connecticut will not be taken
up, at least to-day. It must necessarily lead to
considerable debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Georgia, to
take up the bill which he has named.
Mr. RUSK. I desire to ask the Senator from
Georgia if the additional tax authorized to be laid
by that bill, is not for the purpose of subscribing
to stock in a railroad company.
Mr. SEWARD. Letthe bill be read.
Mr. DAWSON. The reading of the bill will
show what it is for.
Mr. RUSK. It is not necessary for my pur-
poses to consume time by reading the bill; I wish
to know whether it does that ?
Mr. DAWSON. Yes, sir; it does.
Mr. RUSK. Then it is a bill to authorize the
Corporation of Georgetown to tax their citizens
oppressively, to subscribe largely to a private
work, and the result will be, as it has been here-
tofore, that Congress will have to pay the sub-
scription. As a test question, I move that the bill
lie upon the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is not
yet before the Senate; the question is on taking
it up.
Mr. RUSK. 1 was under the impression that
that had been decided.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir. The
question is on the motion to take up the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
Mr. DAWSON. Let it be read.
Mr. BROWN. Before the bill is read I desire
to appeal to my fiiend from Georgia and colleague
on the Committee on the District of Columbia, to
allow this bill to be passed over, and to take up
others which we can dispose of to-day. Beyond
all question, this will give rise to debate. I can-
not allow it to pass without expressing my views
upon it. As we have but a little time for the busi-
ness of the District of Columbia, would it not be
better to take up bills about which there is no
controversy? I think it will be better to lay this
bill aside.
Mr. DAWSON. The only principle involved
in the bill is this: An overwhelming majority of
the citizens of Georgetown petitioned the corpora-
tion to take stock in a certain railroad company,
and now they ask permission levy atax to pay for
the stock as the installments may be required. As
' it is the wish of the citizens of Georgetown thus
to tax themselves, what opposition can we make
to it? I have a petition from a large majority of
the people of the city showing their anxiety for
this measure.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to ask the Senator
whether the bill provides for submitting the ques-
tion to ihe people of Georgetown?
Mr. DAWSON. The committee reported an
amendment to the bill to provide that the subscrip-
tion should not take place until after the next elec-
tion, but the annual election of the city will be
held on Monday next; and, if the amendment be
agreed to, it will postpone the operation of the bill
for twelve months longer, and will prevent the
payment of the subscription to the road for that
length of time. The citizens of Georgetown de-
sire that the bill should be passed without amend-
ment.
Mr. SEWARD. I am not very much in favor
of the proposition, but, if the citizens desire it, I
shall not object to giving it to them.
Mr. DAWSON. That is my position about it.
Mr. BRIGHT. Let the bill be read.
The bill, as passed by the House, proposed to
empower the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and
Common Council of Georgetown to collect a special
annual tax of seventy-five cents, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, upon every hundred dollars
of property by law taxable within the corporate
limits of the town, in order to meet the engagemen ts
recently assumed in subscribing to the stock of the
Metropolitan Railroad Company; and to pledge
it to secure the engagements in such a manner that
no part shall in any event be applied to any other
object; the like remedy to be used for the recoyery
thereof as is now used for the recovery of other
public taxes in the town.
It would also give the corporation full power
and authority to introduce a supply of water for the
use of the inhabitants, and to cause the streets,
lanes, and alleys, to be lighted by gas or other-
wise, and to provide for the expense of any such
works or improvements either by a special tax or
out of its corporate funda generally, or both, at its
discretion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill has
been reported with amendments.
Mr. DAWSON. I wish to make a single ob-
servation to my friend and colleague on the com-
mittee, [Mr. Brown,] whose amendment is now
the subject-matter of discussion. That amend-
ment provides that this act shall not be carried
into effect until after the next election. The cor-
poration election in Georgetown takes place on
Monday. The delay which has occurred since
the bill was reported supersedes, in some degree,
the necessity for the incorporation of that amend-
ment into the bill. If it be agreed to, the act can-
not be carried into execution until twelve months
from next Monday, because the elections are an-
nual. I trust that the Senate will disagree to the
amendment, as it is the request of a majority of
the people of Georgetown that it should be done.
Mr. BROWN. I have no particular objection
to voting down the amendment, for I am opposed
to this bill with the amendment or without it. The
Corporation of Georgetown, without authority of
law, made a large subscription for the stock of
this railroad company, and now they come and
ask Congress, after they have contracted the
debt without authority of law, to authorize them
to levy a tax of seventy-five cents per annum on
each one hundred dollars worth of property to pay
their subscription to that stock. I believe, sir,
that minorities have rights as well as majorities;
and that, when contracts are entered into by cor-
porations which bind the property of all the peo-
ple alike, there ought to be a law authorizing the
making of the contract before it is entered into.
The proper way for this corporation to proceed
would have been first to get authority from Con-
gress to authorize them to make the subscription,
and not go on first and make the subscription, and
then come here and ask, against the protest of a
minority, though it may be a small minority, for
authority to tax them to pay the debt contracted
without law. I was willing before, I am willing
now, to pass a law authorizing the Corporation of
Georgetown to subscribe for this stock, and to
levy taxes to pay for the stock, and then submit
that law to the people, and see if they are willing
to approve it; but I cannot consent to allow a cor-
poration to go on and contract debts, and then
come here and ask Congress to legalize them, for
that is what this proceeding is seeking. Sir, I
have seen such proceedings in my own State; and
the result has been to bring reproach, not only on
the corporations concerned, but upon the Slate
itself. I have known corporations there, with the
consent of a majority of the people, subscribe
large sums of money in the way of stocks; 1 have
seen pay-day come, and I have seen the bonds
repudiated. I want corporations to enter into this
species of contracts only when they have a law
authorizing them to do so. Rut when it is done
without law, and they come here and ask Congress
to legalize their acts, and authorize them to levy
taxes on the people to pay for a debt illegally con-
tracted, I cannot consent to it. This is my ob-
jection, briefly stated, to the whole bill.
Mr. DAWSON. As is known to the members
of the Committee on the District of Columbia,
this bill is founded on a petition from citizens of
Georgetown. They understood their action, and
also the legal responsibility which would accrue
from the course they were pursuing. I hold in
my hand their petition to their corporation, which
occupies but a few lines:
" We the subscribers, tax-paying citizens ofGeorpetown,
recommend to the corpoiate authorities theieof a subscrip-
tion, in (he name and on behalf of the town, of five thou-
sand shares of stock in the Metropolitan liailroad Com-
pany, if such an amount should be neces«aiy to secure Ihe
early organization of the company and the commencement
of a wuik calculated to secure us such great benefits."
It is signed by more than two thirds—some say
