924
THE CONGRESSQNAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Mr. BRIGHT. I shall do so. I say, Mr.
Pcgaident, there is no privilege or power contained
in any provision of this bill, which is not conferred
session alter session by the Legislatures of the
different States throughout the Union, on their
counties and towns. Congress being the only
iegisladve tribunal having jurisdiction over the
people of this District, they necessarily come here
to aslc of Congress that which the citizens of the
different States obtain for themselves through their
Legislatures. This, I admit, is not a matter of
very great consequence. There are on the Cal-
endar other very important bills for this District
which ought to be reached to-day, and which, if
not reached to-day, will be lost. It is a matter of
more consequence that this bill should be disposed
of speedily, than how it may be disposed of.
While I think the bill right and proper, there is
another bill which I am still more anxious to reach
as connected with the interests of this District. I
am glad the Senator from Texas has made his
motion as a test question. I am willing to vote
on it as such. 1 hope, however, the Senate will
tiot lay the bill on the table, but will pass it with-
out further debate. I renew the motion, how-
ever, in accordance with my promise.
Mr. RUSK called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 16, nays 17; as follows:
YE Messrs. Badger, Braincrd, Brodhead, Brown,
Oha««p, F^swwtiden, Pitzpatrick, Gwin, Hunter, Rus>k,
Sint'trK Smart, Sumner, Wade, Wells, and Wilson—It).
NAYS—Messts. Adams, Benjamin, Bright, Cooper,
Dnw.-on, Oeyrr, Oillute, Jones of Iowa, M^son, Morton,
Pwtit, Seward, Toombs, Toticey, Walker, WeJler, and
Wright—17.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill has
been reported from the Committee on the District
of Columbia with amendments, the first of which
is to insert the word u now " between the words
law " and " taxable," in the clause allowing the
additional tax to be levied upon any property by
Jaw taxable.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert among the
property taxable, the words ;
And all money vested or held m any banking, insurance,
brokerage, or exchange company, or institution, upon all
Slate or Corpoiation stock*, and money loaned at interest
on bond, mortgage, or oilier evidence of indebtedness.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add at the end of
the first section :
Provided, That said tax or assessment of seventy-five
cents upon every hundred dollars of properly *>hd!i not be
made uii'd  Oerthe next general election of Mayor, Alder-
men, and Common Council of Georgetown.
Mr. DAWSON. For reasons which I have
already stated, I hope the amendment will not be
agreed to.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred m and ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time. The
bill v/as read the third time,and the question was
stated to he : " Shall the bill pass ? "
Mr. BROWN. I regard this bill as being so
pernicious in its provisions, that I cannot allow it
to pass without asking the Senate to take the
vote by yeas and nays on its passage. It is not j
only authorizing the Corporation of Georgetown j
to levy a tax to pay an illegal debt for one pur- |
pose, but it is to authorize that corporation to tax i
without limit, for two other purposes, gas and
water.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the Senator's statement be
correct, I cannot vote for the bill, but I under-
stand it differently. ^
Mr. BROWN. Thelast section,in my judg-
ment, gives the power which I have stated.
Mr. WELLS. Mr. President, I wish to cor-
rect an error into which the Senator from Georgia,
in my judgment, has fallen, in stating that the
practice is "universal in the country, of allowing
majorities to bind minorities in subscriptions of
corporation stock. That is not correct, as I know.
Congress have power, as I suppose, to create
within this District ordinary municipal corpora-
tions. The authority of such corporations is un-
derstood everywhere. It, is to do that which was
alluded to by the Sien'ator from £Tew York as one
thing incident to a corporation; that is, to supply
itself with water, it is, in short, to do all those
things which are necessary to the existence of the
corporation, the preservation of health, the pro-
tection of the poor, the erection of necessary pub-
lic buildings, and all the various things requisite
for the enjoyment of the corporate rights; but
when it comes to an extraordinary matter, such as
giving a majority of voices the power to bind the
minority, on a proposal of this kind, and thus to
make it a mere money making corporation, by so
doing you trench, as I believe, on the rights of the
minority.
In my judgment, none of the suggestions which
have been made, in answer to the honorable Sena-
tor from Mississippi, reach the original objection
which he made. Here i3 a grant for a railroad
corporation. It is a mutter of stock; individuals
own portions of it. In this case a municipal cor-
poration, by a mere majority of voices, (it may
be by a majority of one voice,) subscribe to any
extent they please to the stock of a railroad com-
pany. Then they come here and ask Congress
to approve and sanction that principle. It is, in
my judgment, an unsound principle, because a
railroad is not essential to the enjoyment of the
corporate privileges originally granted. If it is
not, it is an invasion of their rights, as much so as
it would be to authorize, by a majority of voices,
a subscription to the stock of a manufacturing
corporation in the town. Is it not the same in
principle?
The Senator from Georgia has used a petition
in this case as evidence upon which to act. Now,
suppose a majority of the people should declare,
in that petition, that they believed it to be for the
interest of the town of Georgetown that a manu-
facturing corporation should be erected withm the
limits of the town. Suppose a charter was granted
by Congress to such a company in that town,
whose stock should be a million of dollars, and
the municipal Corporation of Georgetown should
subscribe for half the stock; suppose the minority
should protest against the subscription, and yet it
should be carried by a majority of one voice, and
they were to come here with a petition signed by
any number exceeding the majority asking us to
sanction it, is that to be taken as evidence on
which we are to act? I trust not. If you can
grant power to subscribe to the stock of a manu-
facturing company, where will you stop short of
giving an absolute and unqualified control over
the property of the minority to the majority, and
that, it may be, by the power of a single voice?
1 know this question has been discussed at
length in some portions of the Union, and the
discussion has almost always been followed, when
fairly and thoroughly examined in the State Legis-
latures, by a majority against the exercisc of such
a power.
For the reasons which I have stated, 1 carTnot
vote for a bill of this kind. If I were to vote to
give a right to bind property for stock in a rail-
road corporation, I would as soon vote to bind
their property for stock m any other corporation,
and thus you might compel, in any manner, the
property of the corporation to be hoarded up, and
then divided, by a majority of voices, among the
people per capita. All these consequences result
from this mode of legislation. I think it unjust,
and I cannot sanction it.
The question beinc taken by yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill, resulted—yeas 20, nays 13;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin,Bright, Butler,Cooper, Daw-
son, Douglas, James, Johnson, ftlalloiy, Mason, Morton,
Fcha^lian, Seward, Shdcll, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky,
Thomson of NcwJersey, Walker, Weller,and Wright—00.
NAYt*—Messrs. Badger, Bramerd, Brodhead, Brown,
Chase, Fessenden, Fitzpairick, ltusk, Shields, Toombs.
Wade, Wells, and Wilson—13.
So the bill was passed.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, announced that they
had passed a bill making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1856, and
for other purposes.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the bill was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. STUART. I move now that the special
order of the day, which are sundry internal im-
provement bills, be taken up, and 1 trust we shall
be permitted to dispose of them. They will lead
to no debate.
Mr. DAWSON. I hope not. I trust the Sen-
ate will proceed with the bills for the District of
Columbia. We have not yet had an hour for
legislation for this District, and two or three times
during that period we have had to send out in
order to get a quorum. -
Mr. STUART. The Senator is certainly mis-
taken about the time. He has had, I think, two
hours for his bills. It is now half past two
o'clock.
Mr. DAWSON. But a very small portion of
the bills for the benefit of the District of Columbia
have yet been acted on.
Mr. STUART. One of those bills is in regard
to a railroad crossing the Potomac.
Mr. DAWSON. It is a very important meas-
ure.
Mr. STUART. One of the District bills will
occupy a great deal more than this day in its dis-
cussion—I refer to the District judiciary bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. I stated, in some remarks which
1 made this morning, that this v/as the first day
that the Senate had given to the consideration of
the bills relating to the business of this District.
There are many bills of importance to the people
here, which, I think, and which I know, can be
disposed of. There is one, however, which should -
be taken up above all others—I refer to the bill to
reorganize the judicial system of this District. It
is a very important bill, it is one which has passed
the House of Representatives, and which many
of us here are anxious to reach for the purpose of
voting for it just as it is, 1 do not know that there
is a majority of the Senate in favor of that bill, but
I should like to make a motion that would test the
sense of the body on that point; so that if there be
a majority here, we may use the remainder of the
day, if necessary, in disposing of that bill. I can-
not make a motion for that purpose now, while
the motion of the Senator from Michigan is pend-
ing, hut I hope that Senator will withdraw his
motion, for the purpose of enabling me to submit
mine.
Mr. STUART. I submitted a motion this
morning to take up certain bills, and then the
friends of the District bills discussed that motion
until they occupied half an hour against my wish.
I have now submitted another motion, and it is
again being discussed. The question which the
Senator from Indiana proposes to take up cannot
be disposed of to-day, nor in three days, but the
bills which I have moved to take up can be dis-
posed of without any debate at all. I must, there-
fore, insist on my motion. I shall refrain from
debating it,because I think we had better do almost
anything else than exhaust the day in discussing;
the priority of business.
Mr. BRIGHT. Yesterday, when the bill for
the protection of officers of the United States was
taken up, it was said that it could not be disposed
of in three days. The same remark which the
Senator from Michigan makes in reference to the
bill to which 1 have referred, was made by the
Senator from Massachusetts then, as to the bill
which was yesterday acted upon. But, sir, we
had an illustration of what perseverance would do.
The measure being right, we sat here until twelve
o'clock last night and passed the bill. The bill to
reorganize the judiciary of this District, in my
judgment, has more merit than any other bill that
has been reported from any committee during this
session of Congress. I know it embraces vast
interests and great questions, but, in my judgment,
we cannot more profitably employ the residue of
this day than in considering it. I believe we can
sit here to-day and to-night until we dispose of it.
I hope, therefore, that the Senator from Michigan
will withdraw his motion, and that the Senator
from Georgia, who has charge of the bill to which
I allude, [Mr. Toombs,] may make a motion to
take it up.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope the honorable Senator
from Michigan will persist in his motion; I think
there is great propriety in it. A portion of the
internal improvement bills have already passed
the Senate, and the rest of them are now lying
upon the table. Those of us who are interested
in the bills now on the table, will be accused of
negligence unless we press those measures for
action. I think it ia but fair that those bills which
