926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
$24,000; for the harbor of Waukegan, Illinois,
on Lake Michigan, $16,000; for the harbor of
Kenosha, (formerly Soutbport,) Wisconsin, on
Lake Michigan, $15,500; for the harbor of Racine,
Wisconsin, on Lake Michigan, $11,000; for the
harbor of lMilwaukie, at the North Cut, Wiscon-
sin, on Lake Michigan, $17,500; for the harbor
of Sheboygan, Wisconsin, on Lake Michigan,
$11,000; for the harbor of Manitowoc, Wisconsin,
on Lake Michigan, $12,500; for current expenses
of the steam-dredge on Lake Michigan, $7,500.
It also proposes to appropriate $20,000 for re-
pairs and preservation of public property and
contingencies of lake harbors, and for commuta-
tion of transportation of baggage, and of quarters
and fuel of officers in cases no longer provided for
by the quartermaster's department, and for allow-
ances 10 meet extra expenses, under the special
direction of the Secretary of War.
Mr. WADE. I move to amend the bill by in-
creasing the appropriation for the harbor of Cleve-
land from $10,000 to $25,000. I think $10,000 is
copied by mistake from the original bill. The
estimate of the Department, I understand, was
$25,000. Ten thousand dollars is so small a
sum that it is hardly worth while to appropriate
it. 1 wish to conform to what I understand to be
the estimate and recommendation of the Depart-
ment. From memory, I think it is $25,000; but
perhaps the Senator from Michigan can tell me.
Mr. STUART. 1 cannot state that distinctly,
but I can state to the Senator that these items are
copied from the bill of last year, and that bill was
based on the estimates.
Mr. WADE. But I think there was a mistake
in that bill in this particular. It must be evident
to every one at all familiar with the lakes that the
harbcrr of Cleveland, being a much more import-
ant harbor than many of those for which larger
sanifi are appropriated should receive more than
$10,000. 1 move to make the amount $23,000.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in. The bill, as amended,
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading;
read the third time, and passed.
rocks at hell gate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceed to consider the bill introduced by Mr.
Seward, to continue the removal of the rocks at
Hell Gate and Diamond reef, New York harbor,
which proposes to appropriate $20,000 for the
purpose, including the amount expended prior to
August 30, 1852.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
arkansas river.
The bill introduced by Mr. Sekastian, for the
improvement of the Arkansas river, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to appropriate dollars for the purpose.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move to fill the blank
with $40,000, which is the amount of the esti-
mate contained in the last report from the proper
Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
tennessee river.
The bill introduced by Mr. Bell, making an
appropriation for continuing the improvement of
the navigation of the Tennessee river, was next
considered as in Committee of the Whole. Its
object is to appropriate $50,000 for the improve-
ment of the river.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. TOOMBS. These bills are passing stt&
sileiitioi and I suppose it is wholly useless to
attempt to resist them; but I wish it to be under-
stood that I am not to be considered as assenting
to their passage. I am opposed to all of them.
The bill was passed.
public works in massachusetts*
The bill introduced by Mr. Sumner, for con-
tinuing certain public works in the State of Mas-
sachusetts, was next considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to appropriate, for
continuing the repairs of the sea-walls on Deer
and Lovell's islands, in Boston harbor, $2,500;
for continuing the sea-wall for the protection of-
Great Brewster island, Boston harbor, $30,000;
for continuing the repairs of the injuries done to
the Government works on Plymouth beach,
$13,000; for the breakwater at Hyannis harbor,
$13,000; for the harbor of Great Wood's Hole,
$2^00; for* New Bedford harbor, $12,000; and
$15,000 for a resurvey of the harbors of Marble-
head, Nantucket, and Sandy bay.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
hudson river.
The bill introduced by Mr. Seward, to continue
the improvement of the Hudson river in the State
of New York, (which appropriates $50,000, to be
expended above and below Albany, and not above
Troy,) was considered as in Committee of the
Whole, reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, ordered to be engrossed, read the third time,
and passed.
CAPE FEAR RIVER.
The bill introduced by Mr. Badger, making
an appropriation for refunding to the citizens of
Wilmington certain moneys advanced by them
and expended by the agent of the United States
in the improvement of Cape Fear river, North
Carolina, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It appropriates $60,000, or so much as
may be necessary for the object indicated in its
tide.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
newcastle harbor.
The bill introduced by Mr. Bayard, for contin-
uing the improvement of the hatbor of Newcas-
tle, Delaware, which appropriates $15,000 for the
purpose, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole, reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, ordered to be engrossed, read the third time,
and passed.
REEDY ISLAND.
The bill introduced by Mr. Bayard, for the con-
struction of a harbor on the east side of Reedy
Island, which proposes to appropriate $30,000,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole,
reported to the Senate without amendment, or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
mobile bay.
The bill introduced by Mr. Clay, for continuing
the improvement of Mobile bay, which proposes
to appropriate $100,000 for that purpose, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole, reported
to the Senate, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
charleston harbor.
The bill introduced by Mr. Butler, to continue
the improvement of the harbor of Charleston,
South Carolina, which appropriates $70,000 for
that object, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole, reported without amendment, ordered to
be engrossed, read the third time, and passed.
harbor of dubuque.
Mr. SEWARD. The Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the bill for continuing the
improvement of the harbor of Dubuque, on the
Mississippi river, in the State of Iowa, have di-
rected me to report it back, and recommend its
passage.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amount
of appropriation is left blank in the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I move to fill it with
$15,000.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in. The bill, as amended,
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
fortifications at san francisco.
Mr. SEWARD. I move the Senate take up
the bill to complete the fortifications at Fort Point,
and on Alcatraz Island, in the harbor at San
Francisco, in the State of California.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which proposes to appropriate $1,050,000
for the purpose.
Mr. GWIN. The bill is in exact accordance
with estimate.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection to the
bill, but I am not aware of the fact that fortifica-
tion hills are within the line of those on which the
Senator determined to act separately in regard to
each work. If there is to be a fortification bill, I
certainly desire to have other works included. If
this bill is to be pressed, I shall be compelled to
move an amendment making an appropriation for
Fort Delaware. I do not see any objection to
including it on the score of containing in one bill
of different forts throughout the country. I think
myself the fortifications should be provided for in
one bill.
Mr. GWIN. I will state to the Senator that
this bilf is drawn in exact accordance with the
estimate made by the engineers, who say that, by
this appropriation, they can complete these works
within the next fiscal year. Both these important
fortifications can be completed with this amount
of money, I have a letter before me showing that
fact.
Mr. BAYARD. I am not objectingto it at all.
Mr. GWIN. I will state further, that the last
fortification bill passed the House by only three
majority, and there is scarcely any prospect of one
being passed this year. In order to get that bill
through the House, they were compelled to cut
down the estimates for San Francisco so much as
almost to leave nothing to be expended, commen-
surate with the importance of these fortifications.
Our first appropriation was $500,000, and the esti-
mates then were that $l,l00,0t0 would complete
these works, and make the harbor of San Francisco
impregnable. The appropriation was cut down to
$500,000, but now, with the amount which this
bill proposes to appropriate, the engineers say the
wotk can be completed within the next fiscal year.
Let me read what General Totten says on the
subject:
Engineer Departsient, ?
Washington, February 12, 1855. >
Sir: On the subject of your letter of this date, addressed
to the honorable Secretary of War, I have the honor to fur-
nish herewith estimates of the oncers m charge at Fort
Point and Alcatraz, for their respective woiks.
The estimate for the fort at Fort Point, San Francisco
bav, for the year ending June 30, 1856, is £.650,00- ; the
officer requests " that this sum bo asked from Congress for
the fi-cal year commencing July 1855," and should litis
sum be now granted, the engineer expresses his belief that
the work may be finished in the next fiscal year without
difficulty.
One hundred and fifty thousand cubic yards of rock have
been excavated from the sue, and the officer hi charge ex-
pected to commence the masomy foundations of the (ort
arid of the ten gun battery in January—this being the last
leportfrom him. We shall remit to him to-daj, n« his call,
a'l the balance (.$"4,500) now remaining in the Tieasury
for this fort.
The otlicer in charge of the works at Alcatraz recom-
mend5!, 14 that Congress appropriates $400,000 lor finishing
the defenses commenced upon Alcatraz "
lie report^ the left face of the south battery reidyfor
eight guns, and the flanking cappomer hi?h enough to be
lelt for the present; so that the whole foiee may be turned
upon ihe right face of the battery.
For this work there are in the Treasury $09,500. Opera-
tions, both here and at Fort Point, have been much impeded
by the smatiness of last year's appropriations.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, s?r, your obe-
dient servant, JOS. G. TOTTEN,
Brevet Brigadier General and Colonel Engineers«
Hon. William M. Gwin, United Stales Scjiate.
P. S. On the subject of the condition of the defenses at
San Francif-co, the engineer department reportel on the
18th of January, in answer to a resolution of the Senate,
and this report has been printed—See SenuteEx. Doc.
21, present session,
" Estimate for continuing the operation? at the Fort at Fort
Point, for the fiscal year ending, Juttc 3 >, 1856.
*******
"For the next fiscal year, (commencing July 1, 1855,) I
would respectfully urge that an appropriation be asked suf-
ficient to complete the wotk. The immense importance
of having, with the least possible delay, this, the sole com-
mercial port, and key to our posessions on the Pacific in
a state o£ defensibihty, need not be enlarged upon. I
think it only neces-sasy to state, that with the arrangements
t now completed for constructing the wmk, and tlie infom.a-
; tion now obtained as to the sources of supply of pu-te "
j there need not be entertained the stizktci* doubt of {lie prac-
ticability i.fapp'ymg t!ie appropnauon asked lor. and com-
pleting the work in the ensuing fi>cal year. Experience
enough has not yet been obtained to enable me m revise
the first estimate of the board of engineers, but I feel great
confidence, from such knowledge as I have, that the cost of
