1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
927
the work need not much exceed that estimate. Roughly
approximating the cost of the work yet to be done, I put it
at $8 5G,950, of which there is now available, (September
30.) .«t8G,9f,0 of the old appropriation, and $100,000 of the
appropriation for the current year, leaving $650,000 yet to
be appropriated."
*******
"As the importance of placing San Francisco bay and
harbor in a state of defense, in the shortest possible time,
cannot be overrated, it is most strongly urged that an appro-
priation deemed adequate to complete the work may be
asked ftom the next Congress.
44 The sum ot' §050,000 is now estimated to be sufficient
for this purpose."
" Estimate for continuing the operations on the defensive
works at JHcatrazyjor the fiscal year ending June 30.
18o8.
*******
" Since the fortifications at this point will be almost en-
tiiely useless until finished, and would be liable to be seized
by a boat attack from an enemy's squadron; further, as
theie is no fortified point in this important bay and harbor,
I would earnestiyrecommend that {$400,000 be appropriated
by the next Congresn to finish the delensive vvork3 upon
Alcatraz island. This amount will be expended in build-
ing the north battery, the three hundred and sixty-eight
gun batteries, the barracks, and defensive line around the
island, and should be available as soon as appropriated.
" 1 would earnestly recommend that Congress appropriate
$400,000 (or finishing the defenses commenced upon Alca-
traz, so th<U there may be one fortified and inaccessible
point in the important bay and harbor of San Francisco."
Mr. BAYARD. I do notdoubt that Congress
ought, at this session, to make appropriations for
the purpose of continuing a variety of fortifica-
tions m the United States. I consider that there
is no more unquestioned and clear constitutional
right than our power to appropriate for fortifica-
tions. If the case which is stated by the honorable
Senatorfrom California be a hard one, how much
harder is the case of Fort Delaware? Sir, in
urging an appropriation for that work, it is not to
subserve the particular interest of my own State;
but that fort is for the protection of the city of
Philadelphia. The Government of the United
States stands under a positive contract with the
State of Delaware, not only to erect, but to keep
in repair that fort all the time. That stipulation
was distinctly made when the State ceded to the
United States the island on which the fort was
erected. Notwithstanding this, although the fort
was burned down in 1834, you have appropriated,
since that time, only $200,000 for reconstructing it.
It is lying now in such a condition that, according
to the engineer in charge of the work, $200,000
could be used on it with the utmost facility during
a fiscal year. The appropriation which you made
at the last session in the fortification bill was but
$50,000, which is entirely inadequate for the pur-
pose.
Sir, on the Delaware river is one of the most
important commercial cities of your Union, and
Fort Delaware is the only defense of that river
which protects the whole line of its banks above the
fort, and which protects the intercommunication
between the Delaware and Chesapeake bay, con-
structed at so much cost, and in which the Govern-
ment has so deep an interest. That fort has been
suffered to lie for a period of twenty years almost
untouched, although the Government was under
a positive contract with the State of Delaware to
keep it always in repair.
Now, in the case of these fortifications in San
Francisco, I do not object to the appropriations.
1 think they ought to be made for the purpose; but
I do object to taking up and passing here a single
isolated bill, which has never been acted on by the
appropriate committee of the body. I do object
to passing such a bill alone, and providing for no
other fortifications. I think the bill ought to be
amended by adding such works of defense as are
absolutely requisite. I have stated the case in
my own State. I am perfectly willing to vote for
the bill; but I must move, as an amendment, that
$200,000 be appropriated for continuing the forti-
fication on Pea-Patch Island—Fort Delaware.
Mr. GWIN. Has the Senator an estimate for
that r
Mr. BAYARD. The estimate was made long
ago.
Mr. GWIN. I should like to hear it read. I
hope the Senator from Delaware will not interfere
with this bill, for 1 have brought it before the Sen-
ate in accordance with the estimates. He has the
same privilege. It is well known that each internal
improvement bill is to be passed here on its own
merits, and for that reason I have presented this.
If he will introduce a bill for the work to which
he has referred, I will readily and cheerfully sus-
tain it; but I do not wish to have it added to this
bill, and thus embarrass my measure. I have
brought this bill before the Senate in exact con-
formity to the estimates of the engineers, who say,
that with this amount they can complete these
works. As to their importance, surely no one can
pretend that any fortifications in the United States
are so important as these are to the harbor of San
Francisco, which is now entirely defenseless, with-
out a single gun. According to the engineers, a
solitary ship of war can take possession of our
harbor in its present condition. What objection,
then, can there be to making this appropriation to
complete these forts, and make the harbor im-
pregnable >
Mr. BAYARD. I cannot see the ground on
which 1 should refrain from moving the amend-
ment. The Senate have not indicated, l y any
resolution or action, that Lhey intend to .act sep-
arately on appropriations for fortifications. They
have done so in regard to appropriations for what
are called river and harbor improvements; but as
regards fortifications, I know of no act of the
Senate, no resolution of the body, no expression
of opinion, that single bills should be passed for
that purpose. I see no reason for doing so.
The fortification system of the United States has
been conducted hitherto on a general system ap-
plying to larger works, and Fort Delaware come3
within them. It was erected as a first-class for-
tress. it was destroyed by fire in the year 1834,
and has never been rebuilt, though the Govern-
ment has been and is under contract obligation to
doit. I do not mean at all to disparage the im-
portance of the works for the defense of San
Francisco, but this work is equally important to
the city of Philadelphia and the whole line of the
Delaware river, as are the works which are con-
templated in this bill for San Francisco. And
besides, the appropriation which I ask is not one
fifth of the appropriation proposed to be made by
the bill. The original estimate, I think, for Fort
Delaware, was between $500,000 and $000,000.
Two hundred thousand dollars, I think, have al-
ready been appropriated. I ask now foran appro-
priation of $200,000 for that work, because the
engineers state that that sum can be advantage-
ously expended during the fiscal year.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Delaware has
not been so perfectly overwhelmed with hus'ness
this session that he could not have prepared his
bill and submitted it to us on its own merits. But,
sir, rather than have my bill incumbered with
such an amendment, I move that it be referred to
the Cammittee on Military Affairs; and I hope
they will take it up, and if the Senator has any
proposition, let it go before them.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
AMENDMENT OF PASSENGER LAWS.
Mr. STUART. There is a very important bill
on the table which I hope the Senate will now take
up and dispose of. It is House bill to regulate the
carriage of passengers in steamships and other
vessels.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope the honorable Senator
will consent that that bill shall lie over until
Monday.
Mr. STUART. At any rate, let us have it
read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on taking up the bill mentioned by the Senator
from Michigan.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Upon that question I beg
leave to say that that is a bill about which a con-
troversy has arisen, in which ourabsent colleague
from New York [Mr. Fish] is interested. 1
shall not interpose objection to its consideration
if the Senate desire to proceed with it. But, if it
is to be considered at all, it ought to be in a full
Senate, and with a full understanding that the
bill will undergo a thorough discussion, and that
those who are in favor of affording proper pro-
tection to emigrant passengers who cross the At-
lantic will be prepared with amendments to offer
to the bill.
Mr. STUART. I only desire to have the bill
taken up and read twice, and then it can lie on
the table until Monday.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand that it was
reported from the Committee on Commerce, then
read twice, and is now on its third reading.
Mr. STUART. No, sir; this is a House bill
which has not been read in the Senate, although
it is substantially the same as the Senate bill
referred to by the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I shall interpose no objec-
tions to what the Senator now suggests- ■ 
There being no objection, the House bill to reg-
ulate the carriage of passengers in steamships and
other vessels was read twice, and postponed until
Monday.
DEFENSES AT PROCTOR'S LANDING.
Mr.'SLlDELL. 1 ask the Senate now to take,
up for consideration House bill making ah appro-
priation for military defenses at Proctor's Landing
in Louisiana. I will state to the Senate that at the
last session, by some means or other, this appro-
priation was neglected to be appended to the forti-
fication bill in the House. It was urged uponme
as a motive for abstaining from pressing any such
amendment at the time—and 1 believe it was the
only reason why it was not adopted by the Senate
—that to amend the bill at that time would jeopard
its fate in the House of Representatives. For fear
the whole bill might be lost, we refrained from
having this provision inserted. The present bill
contains but one appropriation for a specific pur-
pose. That appears to be a favorite mode of legis-
lation now. 1 think it is the best mode of legisla-
tion. At any rate, it has received the sanction of
the Senate. The appropriation provided for in the
bill is in conformity with an estimate and recom-
mendation from the Secretary of War, if the
Senate will consent to take it up, I shall occupy
no time in its discussion, but shall simply lefer
the Senate to the reports of the engineers and Sec-
retary of War, recommending, for various urgent
reasons, the immediate construction of this work.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Commi'tee of the Whole. It
proposes to appropriate $125,000 for the purchase
of a site, and the erection and completion of sucli
military defenses as may bedeemed expedient, at
Proctor's Landing, at the terminus of the Mexi-
can Gulf railway, in Louisiana.
Mr. GWIN. I should like to know the differ-
ence between this bill and the one which has just
been referred to the Committee on Military Af-
airs ? I am in favor of this bill, and hope it will be
Mr. BENJAMIN. The difference is that this
bill passed the House of Representatives, came
here in its regular turn, was read twice, referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, examined
by them, and reported back with a recommenda-
tion that it pass.
Mr. GWIN. I think that is a mistake. Has
it been reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly,"it is so stated
on the face of the bill.
Mr. GWIN. I am in favor of it.
Mr. BROWN. Is there any report accompa-
nying the bill ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir; a very full one.
Mr. BROWN. I should like to hear it read.
I understand the bill is to appropriate $125,000
for the purchase of a site.
Mr. SLIDELL. Not only to purchase a site,
but to erect and complete the fortification.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 find that the Committee
on Military Affairs in the Senate has not filed a
report with this bill; I am mistaken on that point;
but there is a report which accompanied the bill
in the Honse of Representatives, from General
Totten, warmly recommending it. I believe my
colleague has the paper in his hands.
Mr. SLIDELL. Yes, sir; I have the paper
here, containing a letter ftom the War Depart-
ment, and from General Totten, recommending
the appropriation.
Mr. BROWN. I should like to hear it read
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will read that report.
a Engineer Department, >
te Washington, January 18, 1855- )
tc Sir t In answer to the resolution of the 'House of Rep-
resentatives of the 16th instant, inquiring 'whether any,
; and if any, what military defenses are nece^ary at Proc-
tor's Landing, at the terminus of the Mexican Gult railway,
in Louisiana.' I have the honor to report that a battery
having a fire competent to prevent the approach of boa'? 10
the landing, together with an ina'-ce^ible low r for the
accommodation of the garrison, will uiiord a sufficient de-
fense for thf position.
" From this landing to the city of New Orleans the dis-
tance is twenty-eight miles ; the road is one of the bes-t in
the country; and there i3 now 110 obstacle ol any kird,
natural or artificial, to Innderan enemy (landinstfrom boats
at Proctor's) from marching up to the city, with troops c.f
all kinds, with their artillery andbaggage. This is the only
