THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C
33d Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1855.
New Series No. 59.
promptly. I shall not now insist upon it, though ;
I should have preferred this and the other amend- 1
ments of the committee if I could have had the
active cooperation of those gentlemen who agreed
with me in committee as to the tenure. I am
ready now to take up the bill and support what I
suppose to be the action of the committee. If,
however, the bill is attempted to be defeated on
account of an objection which may be got rid of,
I must decline cooperation with those who go
further than even I desire to go. When I come
to any point which interferes with constitutional
duty, there 1 must stop.
The first section of the bill of the "House, as I
have already said, proposes to get rid of all the
courts and all the judges. The amendment of
the Committee on the Judiciary is to strike out
that section. It presents the issue at once. Those
gentlemen who are in favor of getting rid of all
the judges and all the courts, and of then build-
ing up a new system with new judges, will, of
course, oppose the amendment. I am willing to
continue the present judges; but I care nothing
particularly on that subject. I am, however, soli-
citous that the judges shall not be limited to their
tenure; because I think that unconstitutional; or per-
haps I should more properly say that I am rather
doubtful of the question than satisfied about it.
Mr. BAYARD. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division-—ayes 17, noes yO.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I believe this
involves aa much principle as almost any bill that
has been brought before Congress. It has not
been explained in sll its provisions. If any one
had told me that such a bill as the one which ha.8
come to us from the House could have passed that
body with the unanimity and with the numbers
that sanctioned this bill, I could not have believed
it. But, sir, such is the fact. I now say to the
Senate that this bill, in its aim and in its provis-
ions, contains propositions which are utterly incon-
sistent, in my opinion, not only with the Consti- i
tution of the United States, prescribing the tenure .
of judicial office, but in violation of good faith to j
the present judges who hold these offices. Here •
let me ask, " Doth our law judge any man before j
it hear him and know what he doethSir, you |
are condemning these men without knowing what
is the truth of the charges against them. |
I am told out of doors that the present judges of :
this District are unfit for their offices. Have I a
right to take an opinion of that kind, uttered with- ■
out any responsibility, to break down the tenure j
of an office'that has subsisted from the beginning i
of this Government to this time, by the approba- |
tion and judgment of the wisest juris consults in
this country? I do not know thatmyfriend from
Georgia fully understands the mode in which this !
measure is to be managed; but have we not agreed j
that these are not legislative courts > Have we not '
determined that they are not legislative judges i
merely r And yet from the eagerness, and I must
say the concert, which seem to be exhibited, I am
afraid that, by a mere act of legislation, after four '
o'clock this evening, these judges will be im- ,
peached and removed. I say that there has been <
an influence in some way brought to bear against
these gentlemen v-hich is unjust to them. There ,
is a cry raised without any just cause.^ What is :
the objection, except that Judge Crancn is said to
be too old to do his work: Remember, sir, the dog ;
in the fable. After his master pursued him and ;
overtook him, and" he could not hold out any
longer, the master whipped him; and he turned
find asked him " for God's sake spare me; it is
true i cannot hold out at this time, but remember ;
what I have done." Yes, sir, this venerable man, ,
who has shed light on the jurisprudence of the i
country by his luminous and abledecisions forthe
benefit of the profession, is now to be condemned i
because he is old, and is to be turned out m this ;
form ! The other judges are to be condemned j
without a hearing. Is this right? '
I had prepared myself with some memoranda ,
on this subject, In relation to the tenure of judicial i
59
| office, but not expecting this bill to come up to- ij friend from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] has said, that
' day, I have not them with me. Let me, however, !| in Jefferson's time Congress abolished the offices
j ask whether, when this Government assumed j 'of the ten judges cheated by John Adams. I shall
I jurisdiction over the District of Columbia, it was jj not undertake to say whether that was constitu-
| assumed as a jurisdiction over a transitory terri- 1| tional or not. They could not help themselves;
| tory, one that must have, necessarily, a limited |j but 1 believe that act was done in good faith.
| existence? Was it not, on the contrary, under- jj They abolished the office of circuit judge, in con-
; stood that the Government assumed a permanent || tradistinction to the judges who were then in the
jurisdiction over this Territory? When thejudi- ij Supreme Court, mid she district judges, under the
' ciaJ system of the District was established, was j] then existing system; and when they abolished the
it not understood that it was that kind of system
; contemplated by the Constitution itself? Was it
; not clearly understood that there could be no limit
to the tenure of the judicial office in these courts,
' except that prescribed by the Constitution ? In
1 the Territories there was originally a limited ten-
) ure, in some cases for ten, in some for four, and
; some for three years, but always to expire with
| the existence 01 the territorial government. In
, this case, however, the tenure commenced with
j and was to be coextensive with the existence of
' the District of Columbia, as the seat of Govern-
, ment of the United States.
| Well, sir, what did our forefathers do? What
did the men who organized this Government, and
! putthe judicial system into operation do? When
; they established the courts of the United States
i they provided a certain tenure—the tenure of good
behavior. What does this bill from the House
1 propose? To put the judges under the cuntrol
. and discretion of Congress, whenever Congress
may think proper to legislate upon the subject.
offices of those judges, they abolished the very
i jurisdiction which they exercised. Do you tell
' me here that you can abolish the office, and yet
; retain everything that pertains to the jurisdiction
! for which that office was created ? Sir, it is an
| evasion of the constitutional tenure by which
j these judges have held their offices.
| I agree with the provisions of this bill in regard
| to the fees and other regulations connected with
| modifying the proceedings of the courts. To that
\ extent the Senator from Georgia and myself con-
, cur; but I understand now, for the first time, that
the difference between him and myself is, that he
j h willing to turn these judges out of office and
i bring in new ones with a prescribed tenure for
; life. If the Senator from Georgia contends for the
tenure of the Constitution, why turn out these
judges? I ask any man, why? I repeat, "doeth
' our law judge any man before it hear him and
know what he doeth ?" Why should you arraign
Judge Morsel!? I do not know him, and I know
Judge Danlop but slightly. Is it to be assumed
That was not what our"fathers did. The act of that you can turn these gentlemen out of office
ISO:), under which the judicial system of this Dis- i; under an irresponsible decision of the multitude*
trict went into operation, provided that the judges ; Sir, allow me to say, it is not the fair decision of
should be appointed by the President and con- j* the public mind of the District, as far as I can learn
firmed by the Senate, and should hold theiroffices j; it. I have kept aloof from the bar here, I have
according to the tenure prescribed in the Consti- i; conferred v/ith but a few of them on the subject,
tution. Now, I ask the Senator from Ohio, who but 1 think the gentleman from Indiana is greatly
1> mistaken when he says nine tenths of the bar are
: for this measure. Sir, I protest against this blow
' at those who cannot defend themselves. The
| object is to vacate the seats of those judges, that
■ others may be put in. I say you have no right to
abolish these offices, unless with a view to abolish
the jurisdiction, and to really abolish, in fact, the
Mr. BUTLER. There, sir, is the provision !l offices themselves. I admit you can dispense with
sits beside me, to read that clause of the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. CHASE read as follows:
" The judges both of the Mipreme and imVnoi* courts
shall hold their offices during t/Kni beiiaviui, and shall. ;it
stated tunes leceive lor their services a eomprnsalion which
shall not be diminished during their ijomimiJiiicunofliee."
these offices if you choose; you can abolish every
! one of them in the District of Columbia, and remit
1 them to the jurisdiction of the United States circuit
judge for Maryland or for Virginia; but ss long as
j you retain the very jurisdiction of the circuit and
i criminal courts, it is an evasion to disguise the fact
| that it is nothing more or less than cutting the
very thread by which they hold their rights,
j I said, sir, that I wa3 not prepared to discuss
; this question; and as I see that the Senator from
       ____    _ North Carolina has now arrived, 1 will resume
tlie "gentlemen who hold the offices of judges in my seat, and I shall endeavor on Monday to sum
this District were appointed for the tenure pre- up my notes and go more fully into the subject,
scribed in the article of the Constitution which Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I do not know
has just been read by the Senator from Ohio, these judges, and I am moved in the vote which I
i But, perhaps, gentlemen are now more enlight- j am about to give, by no personal consideration
I ened than our forefathers were when they put this i. towards them, for or against them; but I am like
1 Constitution into operation. H shows that what 1; the Senator from South Carolina, utterly opposed
■ is called progressive improvement is nothing more I to the introduction of such a principle as that
1 than aggressive improvement. This is an aggres- which this bill proposes
under which this judicial system went into opera-
tion, and that was the tenure under which these
judges were to hold their offices—during good be-
havior, or for life. How is that invaded here ? By
assuming that you can turn these very judges out
by abolishing their offices. Why, sir, it is not
so. This bill provides, for abolishing the criminal
court, as it at present exists, and in the very next
sentence it provides for a criminal court, and
leaves it open for the President to make a new
appointment; that is all the difference. Sir, the
I do believe, sir, that the great question of the
independence of the judiciary, is involved in it, and
I believe further, that the rights and privileges of
a minority in Congress may be involved in it. The
day may come, and probably will come, when
some man of iron will at the head of this Govern-
ment, with a decided majority in Congress, seek-
ing entirely to prostrate the minority in the two
branches of the National Legislature, and to make
I sion upon vested rights.
I When this system went into operation the ten-
1 ure of office was entirely different from thatpro-
1 vided for territorial judges. There were then
territorial judges in existence, holding seme for
! four years, and some for three years, but all of
'• them judges only during the existence of the ter-
ritorial government. When Congress came to
| constitute judges for this District, they were —    „ .
■ looked upon as being as permanent as the judges ' everything subservient to his own will, mayi oy
I of the circuit courts in the States. That was the ; the influence which he shall exercise over Con-
' understanding then. ' q gress, procure a law abolishing these offices or
I Now, sir, will gentlemen tell me that we can !■ these judges, who now constitute our protection,
! abolish the offices under this guise, and retain the |; a d the protection of all minorities here, vv hen
1 jurisdiction ? Will any man tell me that v,-hen this j he shall have done that, what protection will be
1 bill abolishes the criminal court, and yet retains j, left to gentlemen in the two branches of Congress
I the iurisdiction of a criminal court; when it abol- |! who are under the ban of the powers that be, or
' ishes the circuit court, and yet retains the juris- j' will be then? I think that m the course of my
: diction of that court, it is not, in effect, abolishing, congressional career, there was a case when n
I by implication, the tenure of these judges ? My H President o. t.-.c * niua otates was believed to be
