930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24.
on the very verge of proceeding criminally within
this District against a Senator of the United States,
theii in a minority. I will not mention names.
Sir, I am not legislating merely for this time;
there is no danger now; but I am looking ahead
to what may happen when you and I, and all of
us, are under the sod. Men may be then at the
head of this Government who may seek to crush
the minority in Congress, perhaps, for aught we
know, contending for the liberties of the people.
The minority have a right now to appeal to these
judges when their personal rights are invaded; but
these very same judges who are intended here to
be their protectors, may become the instruments
of tyranny and oppression against that minority.
I say, therefore, that the question raised by this
bill, has bearings and relations far beyond even
that great question of the independence of the ju-
diciary itself.
But, sir, is there a man within the limits of the
Senate who does not feel the importance of stand-
ing up and maintaining the independence of the
judiciary of the country? It has been said to be
the weakest of all the branches of the Government.
In one respect, undoubtedly it is; it has no patron-
age; it has no power; and the instant that it loses
the confidence of the community, by any corrup-
tion or ignorance, it ceases to have any strength
at all. What is the strength of the present Su-
preme Court of the United States? What was the
strength of the Supreme Court of the United States
in the days of John Marshall? Sir, it was the
consciousness on the part of all who looked at
their proceedings that they were honest and capa-
ble. You need never fear the judiciary; so long
as it is honest and intelligent, it is strong; but the
moment it becomes corrupt and ignorant, it is
utterly without any power whatever. We must
protect it. Sir, I never shall forget the words
usefl by John Marshall himself, in the convention
of Virginia in reference to this very subject of
the independence of the judiciary, and it ought
never to be forgotten. He warned his friends in
that convention, when they were about to make
a constitution, that there was no greater curse that
could be inflicted by an angry Heaven upon a
sinning people, than a dependent judiciary.
Now, sir, I entreat the Senate to pause before
they establish a principle upon which a court pro-
ceeding in this District, which has our personal
rights under its care, is to become subject to every
whim of party. X earnestly hope the bill will be
defeated.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, I did not sup-
pose that this question would be taken up at this
late period of the week, and acted upon with a
view to its passage, without full consideration, as I
think it certainly will be, if it is passed here on the
present occasion. The object of the first amend-
ment moved by the Committee on the Judiciary, is
to assert the independence of thejudges. It was the
view of the majority of that committee that if
there were any evils in the system of the admin-
istration of the law in this District, as indicated
by the bill which came from the House of Repre-
sentatives, we should be willing to give them an
improvement upon that system and apply a rem-
edy to any abuse that existed. Accordingly, this
bill has been amended with a view to give to the
District of Columbia the system that is proposed,
without interfering with the judges who are now
in oftice upon the nomination of the President,
and the confirmation of the Senate, under the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Mr. BADGER. Will my friend from Connec-
ticut allow me to suggest that he is in a situation
with regard to this bill that a number of others of
us are. I, as well as my friend from South Car-
olina, look upon it as a bill involving the very
deepest and most important principles; I wish,
therefore, to suggest to my friend from Connec-
ticut, that it would be much better for him to yield
now to a motion to adjourn. I have no disposi-
tion to evade the question, but I think wc cannot
come to a proper decision of it to-day. I there-
fore move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no objection, if we can
have the consent of the gentleman, to make the
bill the special order for Monday, at one o'clock.
Mr. BADGER. I am willing to agree to that
proposition.
Mr. HUNTER. I yielded the appropriation
bills to-day with the understanding that Monday,
and all the rest of next week, should be devoted to
them. I am willing to sit here to finish this bill
to-day, but I cannot devote Monday to it.
Mr. BADGER. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. STUART called for tha yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 20, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, But-
ler, Chase, Clayton, Cooper, Dawson, JGvans, Geyer, Ma-
son, Morton, Pearce, Sebastian, Seward, Sumner, wade,
Weil:-, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Bright, Brodhead, Brown, Clay, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Douglass, Fitzpatnck, Hunter, Johnson,
Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Peitit, SlideU, Stuart. Toombs,
Walker, and Wright—17.
So the motion was agreed to, and the Senate
adiouined.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 24, 1855.
The Housemet at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Sucer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I call for
the regular order of business.
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr. GIDDINGS, of Ohio. I rise to a question
of privilege in regard to the Journal of this House.
I shall occupy no more of the time of the House
than I deem necessary for my own justification.
In order that I may not be misunderstood, I have
reduced my question to writing:
Whereas, under the Federal Constitution each member
of this body is considered responsible for its action, unless
his dissent appears by vote or objection duly entered upon
the Journal or current report of its proceedmgs:
And whereas, important bills and measures are pressed
through this body by resort to expedients until recently un-
known to American legislation, by which such bills and
measures are often hurried to their legislative consumma-
tion without explanation or discussion, and withont being
understood by those whose duty it is to vote upon their
passage:
And whereas, on yesterday, the bill for carrying into effect
the convention between the Executive of thi3 Government
and that of Great Britain, entered into on the 8th of Febru-
ary, A. D. 1853, appropriating $277,000 from the Treasury
was passed without being referred, under the rules of the
House; without permitting any exposure of the causes
which led to that convention ; without permitting any ex-
hibition of the fact that it was obtained on the part of the
American Executive principally (or the purpose of lending
the influence of this Government to support and encour-
age a commerce in human beings, to aid and encourage
slave merchants in their vocation of dealing in the bodies
of men and women :
And whereas, the extraordinary manner in which said bill
was protected from all investigation and exposure was- in
the opinion of the undersigned, inconsistent with just and
fair legislation, and opposed to the true dignity of the
American Congress:
Therefore, against said convention; the objects which
prompted our Executive to obtain it; against the claims
urged by our President, as the agent and solicitor of slave
merchants, to the award rendered in favor of those slave
merchants ; and especially to the bill referred to; the man-
ner in which it was bhielded from examination and ex-
posurtt; against the tacit approval thereof by this body
in which the passage of said bill apparently involves its
members, the undersigned respectfully, but most solemnly
protests. x J. R. GIDDINGS.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move that this protest be
entered upon the Journal.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have called for the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
rises to a correction of the Journal.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Thegentleman from North
Carolina will understand £hat I am proceeding in
regular order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I make the point, whether
or not this proceeding is in order.
The SPEAKER. So far the Chair has been
unable to discover any question of order. The
gentleman from Ohio will please state the motion
which he intends to submit.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have moved to enter this
protest upon the Journal of the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
The SPEAKER. Being objected to, the Chair
decides that what the gentleman proposes is not
in order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Cannot I be permitted to state
my question of privilege to the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not stated
any question of privilege thus far.
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 have stated, Mr. Speaker,
that 1 was not permitted, under my privilege as a
member of this body, to eitherexpress my dissent
to the bill to which I have referred, or to record
my vote against it; a privilege to which every ,
member is entitled, but from which I was pre-
cluded by the extraordinary action of the majority
of the House. Therefore, I make the question of
privilege. It ia expressed in my protest against
the manner of transacting business in this Hall,
and I insist that it may be spread upon the Journal
of this House.
The SPEAKER. There is no rule of this
body authorizing the entering of protests upon
its Journal.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I insist upon the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear what the
fentleman from Ohio has to say that is in order.
le will hear nothing out of order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Speaker, I think the
rule too well settled for either the Chair or my-
self to misapprehend it—that questions of privi-
lege are submitted to the decision of the House,
and not to the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The Chair differs with the
gentleman from Ohio. He ia perfectly assured of
the correctness of his decision.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I respectfully take an ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair; and upon that
appeal I demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
complains that yesterday, during the proceedings
had in reference to a bill indicated, he was not
allowed to make a speech. Not being allowed to
make a speech then, he now insists that he has the
right to place a speech, in the form of a protest,
upon the Journal of this House. The Chair de-
cides that he does not know of any rule making
such a proposition a question of privilege, nor of
any rule authorizing the spreading of any such
document upon the Journal. The gentleman fur-
ther holds that, whether or not it be a question of
privilege under the rules, must be determined by
the House, and not by the Speaker. The Chair
differs with the gentleman. He decides that it is
not a question of privilege; that he cannot, under
the rules, claim the right as a privileged question,
or a question of privilege, to spread upon the Jour-
nal what he states to be his protest. From that
decision of the Chair the gentleman takes an ap-
peal, and demands the yeas and nays on it. The
question now is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House
Mr. GIDDINGS. There is one thing in the
Chair's statement I wftuld correct, and that is the
inference of the honorable Speaker with regard
to my making a speech, or of putting a speech
upon the record.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will withdraw
that part,of his statement.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Very well, sir; then we
agree on that point.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, then, does not
know of what the gentleman complains under
the rales. He understands that the gentleman
from Ohio does not charge him with any mistake
of the rule in his yesterday's decision. The gen-
tlemen does not charge that the Chair even com-
mitted a blunder, much less a wrong, by his de-
cision of yesterday.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The Chair is correct. I
have made no personal charge against any one. I
avoided that purposely.
The SPEAKER. So the Chair understands.
The complaint is against the rules as acted on by
the House yesterday.
Mr. GIDDINGS. My protest declares that
this manner of transacting business was unknown
to American legislation until recently, and is now
justified by no rule and by no parliamentary lav/.
That it has risen and is practiced solely to sup-
press the freedom of debate. To expose this
practice as an abuse, an usurpation of power, is
the object of my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the appeal
from the Chair's decision.
Mr. ORR  What is the precise question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would like to
have a perfect understanding with the gentleman
from Ohio. He claims the right to have his pro-
test spread upon the Journal of thip House. The
Chair decides that he has no such right.
^ move to lay the appeal from the
Chair s decision upon the table.
[Cries of "No!" "Let us vote upon the
appeal!"]
Mr. GIDDINGS. If the appeal be laid upon
the tabie, will the protest go upon the Journal?
