1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
031
The SPEAKER. It will not,
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will it not if the question
upon laying the appeal upon the table be taken by
yeas and nays?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it will not;
but he will take the matter under advisement, and
act as he deems right under the rule.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I hope that my friends
will give me the yeas and nays upon the motion
to lay the appeal upon the table; which I now
demand. I request the yeas and nays as a per-
sonal favor.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the affirmative—-yeas 137, nays 46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Appleton,
Ashe, David J. Bailey, Barry, Belcher, Bell, Boyce, Breck-
inridge, Bridges, Brooks, Bugg, Caruthers, Caskie, Chas-
tam, Chrisman, Clark, Chngman, Cobb, Cox, Oraige,
Cuilom, Curus, Cutting, John G. Davis, Dawson, Disney,
DowdeU, Drum, Dunbar, Dunliam^Eastman, Eddy, Edger-
ton, Edmund^on, John M. Elliott, Ellison, Fattey, Faulk-
ner, Fenton, Florence, Fuller, Gamble, Goode, Greenwood,
Grey, Hamilton, Sampson W. Harris, Hastings, Haven,
Hendricks, Henn, Ilibbaid, Hiester, Hill, Houston, Daniel
T. Jones, George W.Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Roland Jones,
Kent, Kerr, Kidwell, Kunz,Lamb,Lane,Latham, Letch-
er, Lewis, Lindley, Lmdsley, Macdonald, McDougall, Mc-
Mullin, McNair, McQueen, May, Smith Miller, Mitlson,
Morrison, Murray, Noble, Olds, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai
Oliver, Orr, Packer, Beckham, Pennington, John Perkins,
Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Preston, Puryear, Ready, Reese,
Richardson, Riddle, Thomas Ritchey, ltobbms, Itovve, Ruf-
fin, Seward, Seymour, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Skclton,
Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth,
Boilers, Frederick P. Stanton, Rich aid II. Stanton, Strat-
ton, Straub, David Stuart, John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Teller, Tracy, Trout, Tweed, Van-
sant, Walbridge, Walker, Walley, Wal&h, Warren, Tap-
pan WeriHvorth, Westbrook, Witte, Hendrick B. Wright, |
and Zolhcofier—137.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Banks, Bennett, Benson, Camp-
bell, Carpenter, Chambeilain, Chase. Corwin, Crocker,
Thomas Davis, Do Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Thomas D.
Eliot, Flagler, Giddinsrs, Goodrich, Goodwin, Aaron Har-
lan, Harrison, Howe, Knox, Matteson,Maurice, Meacham,
Middle&warth, Morgan, Nichols, Noiton, Parker, Peck,
Prmgle, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Simmons, Andrew
Stuart, Uphnm, Wade, Ellihu B. Washbumc, Israel Wash-
burn, John Wentworth, Wheeler, and Yates—46.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
Here a message was received from the Senate,
by Asbcry Dickijts, Esq., their Secretary, notify-
ing the House that that body had approved and
signed "An act to protect officers and other per-
sons acting under the authority of the United
States," and asking its concurrence therein.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting a communication from the Secretary
of the Inteuor, with an accsmpanying paper, and
recommending the appropriation of $5,000 for the
improvement of a culvert near the Capitol grounds;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of amendments to the civil and
diplomatic bill.
PUBLIC LANDS BUSINESS.
Mr. DISjNfEY. I am requested to tender a
suggestion to the House. It is this: The Com-
mittee on Public Lands have some five or six bills
in their possession, some of them general in their
character, which it is important that the House
should pass. I suggest that these bills shall be
reported, and put upon their passage without
debate.
I am also urged to suggest this proposition to
the House: There are various railroad bills now
within our possession upon which the committee
have acted, and we believe it to be due to fairness
that these bills should beat least acted upon by the
House during the present session. Now, sir, it
is proposed, that, at the proper time, these bills
shall be reported, simply asking the House to take
a vote upon them without a speech being made for
or against them.
Mr. HAMILTON. That is the very thing
that I desire to prevent. I want all these railroad
bills to be examined. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. DISNEY. I will only say to the House,
as far as the suggestion of the gentleman from
Maryland is concerned, that these railroad bills
need no examination except as to the general
question. The form of the bills is precisely the
same in every case—the roads being located in dif-
ferent portions of the Union.
Mr. MURRAY. I call the gentleman from
Ohio to order, and demand the regular order of
business.
Mr. DISNEY. I was only about to remark 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
cannot remark further, the regular order of busi-
ness having been called for and insisted on by the
gentleman from New York.
NOTICE OF A SPEECH.
_ Mr. CARPENTER. I desire to say that I de-
signed making some remarks upon the river and
harbor bill. But, as I shall probably not have an
opportunity now, I ask the consent of the House
to print the remarks I intended to make.
The proposition was assented to.
REFERENCE OF BILLS.
Mr. McQ,UEEN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to have two or three bills re-
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs. I
do it at the request ofMr.GALLEGOs, the Delegate
from New Mexico. The Committee on Military
Affairs was discharged some time ago from certain
bills in reference to military roads m the Territory
of New Mexico. Since that time additional in-
formation has been obtained. The Delegate from
that Territory now requests—and I understand it
is also the request of the committee—that the bills
shall be re-referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
There being no objection, the order was made.
POST ROUTE RILL.
Mr. OLDS. I desire to give notice to the House,
that on Monday next 1 propose to report the
post route bill, upon which I shall ask the previous
question. I ask, therefore, that members who
have post routes to be established in their districts
will, m the course of the day, call at the room of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and see that the names are properly entered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does the gentle-
man from Ohio, after the bill of last year, propose
to bring in another post route bill?
Mr. OLDS. Yes, sir.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILU
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of the civil and diplomatic
bill, and the amendments reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
the question immediately pending is upon the
adoption of an amendment to the clause appropri-
ating $125,000 for the protection of American
seamen in foreign countries, as follows:
And it shall be lawful for the President of the United
States to cause such measures to be taken as, in his opinion,
may be expedient for providing convenient aeeommoda
lions, medical assistance, and the necessary attendance
and supplies for the relief of sick and disabled seamen of
the United States, who may be at or near ihe port of Ha-
vana, m case the same may be done with the consent of
the Government having jurisdiction over the port, and, for
that purpose, to establish such regulations and Jo authorize
the employment of such prisons as he may judye proper;
and that (or defraying the expenses thereof a sum not ex-
ceeding $10,(J00 be, and the *ame is hereby, appropriated
out of any money m the Troabury not otherwise appropri-
ated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the
yeas and nays upon the adoption of that amend-
ment. It is establishing a new principle, and I
think a dangerous one, to provide for hospitals in
: foreign countries.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and decided' in the
] negative—yeas 77, nays 112; as follows:
' YEAs*—Messrs. Appleton, Ashe, Ball, Banks, Brooks,
! Campbell, Chamberlain, OburehweU, Oouvm, Crocker,
Curtis, Cutting, Disney, DowdeU, Drum,Dunbar,Edmand-*,
Edmundson, Everharl, Farley, Florence, Fuller, Gamble,
Goodrich, Green,Greenwood, Grey, Aaron Harlan, Andrew
J. Ilarlan, Harrison, Hiester, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Knox,
! McCulloch,McDougall,Maxwell,May, Mayall, Meacham,
1 Noble, Norton, Peckham, John Perkins, Phillips-, Ready,
! Rowe, Russell, Sabm, Seward, Skelton, Geoigo W. Smyth,
i Richard 11. Stanton. Stratton, David Stuart, Nathaniel G.
| Taylor, Teller, Thurston, Tweed, TJpharn, Wade, Wal-
j bridge, Walker, Walley, Warren, Israel Washburn, Wells,
! Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler, Wine, Yates, and Zolli-
i coffer—77.
i NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
• David J. Bailev, Barksuale, Bairv, Belcher, Bennett,
j Boyce, Bridges, Bugg. Carpenter, Caruthers, Chase, Ohris-
I man, Clatk, Clmcman, Cobb, Cook, Cox, Craige, Cuilom,
1 John G. Davis, Thotnaa Davr, Dawson. Dick, Dickinson,
1 Dunham, Eastman, Eddy, Edgorton, Thomas I). Eliot,
John M. Elliott, Ellison, EMiendge, Fenton, Flagler. Gid-
■ dings, Goode, Goodwin, Hamilton, Sampson W, Harris,
Hastings, Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Hill, Houston, Tnger-
soil, Daniel T. Jones, Geoige W. Jones, J. Clancy Jones,
Kent, Kidwell, Kurtz, Lamb, Latham, Lcrcher, Lewis,
Lindley, Lindsley, McMulhn, McNair, McQueen, Macy,
Maurice, Middlesvvarth, Smith Miller, Millson, Morgan,
Murray, Olds, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Packer, Peck, Pennington, Phelps, Powell, Pratt, Preston,
Prmgle, Puryear, Richardson, David Ritchie, Thomas
Ritchey, Robbing, Ruflin, Sage, Sapp, Shannon, Shaw,
Shower, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Sollers, Frederick P. Stanton, Hestor L.
Stevens, Straub, Andrew Stuart, John J. Taylor, John L.
Taylor, Tiacy, Trout, Vansant, Walsh, Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, John Wentworth, Westbrook, Duniel B. Wright,
and Hendrick B. Wright—112.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. I
ask the consent of the House to report a bill
merely for reference.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object, and insist upon
the regular order of business.
The next amendment was reported, as follows:
For removing the present dome over the central portion
of the Capitol, and the construction of one under the plan
designed hv T. U. Walter, architcct of the Capitol exten-
sion—$100,000.
The question was taken; and the House con-
curred in the amendment.
The SPEAKER.. The next amendment is that
in reference to the tariff. Is it the desire of the
House that it shall be read?
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I call for
the reading.
The amendment was read'. [It was inserted in
the proceedings of yesterday.]
Mr. HIESTER. I demand the yeas and nays
upon concurring in that amendment.
The yeas and nays -were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 12G, nays 82; aa
follows:
. YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, Appleton, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Banks,
Barksdale, Barry, Bell, Benton, Bliss, Bocock, Boyce,
Breckinridge, Budges, Brooks, Caskie, Chamberlain,
ChasLain. Ctinsnian, Churchwell, Clark, Clingman, Cobb,
Craige, Cutting, John G. Davis, Thomas Davw, De Witt,
Dickinson, Disnev, DowdeU, Dunbar, Dunham, Eastman*
Eddy, Edgerton, Edmands, Edmuwison, Thomas 1). Ehot,
Ellison, English, Jitheridge, Faulkner, Florence, Fuller,
Goode, Gooduch, Green, Greenwood, Grey, Hamilton,
Andrew J. Harlan, Sanip&on W. Harris, Hastings, Hen-
dncks, Henn, Ilihbard, Houston, Daniel T. Jont>, George
W.Jones, J. Clanev Jones, lloland Jones, Keitt, Kid-
well, Lamb, Lane, Latham, Letcher, Lewis, Lilly, Linds-
ley, JHcMuHin, McNair, McUueen, Macy, Maxwell, May,
Smith Miller, Million, Mom^on, Mmrny, Nichols, Noble,
Olds, Andiow Oliver, Orr, Peek, Peckbam, John Per-
kins, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Richardson, Thomas
Ritchey, Ruflin, Seward, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Skel-
ton, Samuel A. Smith, Wilham Smith, William R.
Smith, George W. Smyth, Fiedenck P. Stanton, Rich-
ard II. Stanton, Ilestor L. Stevens, Straub, Andrew
Stuart, David Stuart, Thurston, Cpham, Walbridge, Wal-
lev, Walsh, Warren, Wells, John Wentworth, Westbrook,
Wheeler, Witte, Daniel B. Wnglit, and Hendrick B.
Wricht—126.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Belcher, Bennett, Benson, Bugg,
Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chase, Cook, Corwin,
Cox, Crocker, Cuilom, Curtis, Dawson,Dick, Drum,Ever-
hart, Farley, Fenton, Flagler, Gamble, Giddings, Good-
win, Aaron Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Iliester, Howe,
Hughes, Hunt, Jngersoli, Knox, Kurtz, Lindley, Lyon,
McCulloch, Macdonald, MaUc&on, Maurice, Mayali,
Meacham, Middleswarth, Morgan, Norton, Mordecai
Oliver, Packer, Paikcr, Pennington, Pratt, Preston,
Pruurle, Puryeai, Ready, Riddle, David Ritchie, Robbing
Rowe, Ru^ell, Sahm, Sage, Sapp, Seymour, Simmons,
Soliois, Stratton, John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Na-
thaniel G. Taylor, Teller, Tracy, Trout, Tweed, Vansant,
Wade, Walker, Ellihu ft. Wneliburnc, Israel Washburn,
Tappan Wentworth, Yates, and Zolhcoffer—82.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll on the above vote,
Mr. GAMBLE said, that he was requested to
state that his colleague [Mr. Grow] was absent
on account of sickness, being confined to his
room.
Mr. ELLIOTT, of Kentucky, stated that he was
not within the bar when his name was called, but
that, had he been, he should have voted in the
affirmative.
Mr. HOUSTON" moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to«
Mr. WALSH moved to reconsider the voteby
which the amendment in reference to the hospital
at Havana was rejected, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question now being upon ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third, time,
