93£
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February24,
Mr. CAMPBELL demanded theyeasand nays.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, called for tell-
ers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. James C.
Allen and Parker were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
*—ayes 39, noes 123.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 126, nays 74; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, Appfeton, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Barksdale,
Barry, Benton, Bliss, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge,
Bridges, Brooks, Oaskie, Chamberlain, Chastain, Chris-
man, Clark, Chnginan, Cobb, Craige, Cutting, John G.
Davis^ Thomas Davis, De Witt, Dickinson, Disney, Dow-
tfelK Dunbar, Dunham, Eddy, Edgerton, Edmands, Ed-
mundson, Thomas D. Eliot, John M. Elliott, Ellison,
English, Etheridge, Faulkner, Florence, Fuller, Green,
Greenwood, Hamilton, Andrew J. Harlan, Sampson W.
Harris, Hastings, Hendricks, Heno, Hibbard, Houston,
Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Eoland Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Kidwell, Lamb, Lane, Latham,
Letcher, Lewis, Lilly, Lindsley, Macdonald, McMullin,
McNair, McQueen, Macy, Maxwell, Smith Miller, Mill-
son, Morrison, Murray, Nichols, Noble, Old", Orr, Peck,
Peckham, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips,
Powell, Richardson, Riddle, Thomas Ritchey, Robbins,
Ruffin, Seward, Seymour, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Skel-
?on, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, George W. Smyth,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Hestor L.
Stevens, Straub, Andrew Stuart, David Stuart, John J.
Taylor, Thurston, Upham, Vansant, Walbndge, Walker,
Walley, Walsh, VVarren, Wells, John Wentworth, West-
brook, Witte, Daniel B. Wright, and Hendrick B. Wright
—126.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Belcher, Bennett, Benson, Camp-
bell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chase, Cook, Corwin, Cox,
Crocker, Culiom, Curtis, Dawson, Dick, Drum, Eabtman,
Everhart, Farley, Flagler, Gamble, Goodwin, Grey, Aaron
Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Hiester, Hill, Howe, Hunt,
Ingersoll, Knox, Kurtz, Lindley, McCulloch, Mace, Mat-
teson, Maurice, Mayall, Meacbam, Middleswarth, Mor-
gan, Norton, Mordecai Oliver, Packer, Parker, Penning-
ton, Pratt, Preston, Pringle, Ready, David Ritchie, Rowe,
Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Simmons, Sollers, Stratton,
John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Teller, Tracy,
Trout, Tweed, Wade,EilihuB. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler, Yates, and Zolli-
coffer—74.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time, and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill, and 1 also move to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Several Members. One at a time.
Mr. EDGERTON. Can the gentleman make
two motions at the same time?
Mr. HIBBARD. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. If there is any doubt as to the right of the
gentleman from Alabama to submit the two mo-
tions, I move to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time, and to lay that motion upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDGERTON. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Chair. If the demand for the previous
question be not sustained, will it then be in order
to recommit the bill with instructions?
The SPEAKER. Under a special rule of the
House, it would be in order to recommit, and the
Chair thinks it would be in order to instruct.
Mr. EDGERTON. Then I give notice that if
the previous question should be voted down, I will
move to recommit the bill with instructions to
report the same back with a provision to remit the
duties on railroad iron.
[Loud cries of "Order."]
The question now being upon seconding the
demand for the previous question,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Keitt and
Parker were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 100, noes 80.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question being on ordering the main ques-
tion to be put,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine.^ I call for the
yeas and nays o > ordering the main question.
Mr. EDGERTON. 1 ask now if it is in order
to move to recommit the bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER, It is not in order to move to
recommit,the main question having been ordered.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MEACBAM, Is it in order, Mr. Speaker*
to move to lay the bill on the table?
The SPEAKER. That motion is In order.
Mr. MEACHAM. Then I make that motion,
and on it I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 62, nays 141; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Bail, Bennett, Bugg, Campbell, Carpen-
ter, Chase, Cook, Corwin, Cox, Crocker, Culiom, Curtis,;
Dawson, Drum, Eastman, Farley, Flagler, Gamble, Gid-
dings, Goodwin, Aaron Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Hiester,
Hill, Howe, Hunt, Knox, Kurtz, Lindley, Lyon, McCul-
loch, Mace,Matte3on, Maurice, Meacbam, Middleswarth,
Morgan, Norton, Packer, Pennington, Preston, Pringle,
David Ritchie, Bowe, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sim-
mons, Sollers, Stratton, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Teller, Tracy, Trout, Tweed, Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Wheeler, and Yates—62.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Banks, Barksdale,
Barry, Bell, Benton, Bliss, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge,
Bridges, Brooks, Caruthers,Caskie,Chamberlain,Chastain,
Chrisman, Churchwell, Clark, Clinginan, Cobb, Craige,
Cutting, John G. Davis, T. Davis, De Witt, Dick, Dickin-
son, Disney, Dowdell, Dunbar, Dunham, Eddy, Edgerton,
Edmands, Edmundson, Thotnas D. Eliot, John M. Elliott
Ellison, English, Etheridge, Everhart, Faulkner, Florence,
Fuller, Goode, Goodrich, Green, Greenwood, Grey, Hamil-
ton, Andrew J. Harlan, Sampson W.Harris, Hastings, Hen-
dricks, Ilenn, Hibbard, Houston,Ingersoll,Daniel T. Jones,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt,
Kerr, Kidwell, Lamb, Lane, Latham, Letcher, Lewis
Lindsley, Macdonald, McMullin, McNair, McQueen,
Macy, May, Mayall, Smith Miller, Millson, Morrison,
Murray, Nichols, Noble, Olds, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai
Oliver, Orr, Parker, Peck, Peckham, John Perkins, Phelps,
Phillips, Powell, Pratt, Puryear, Ready, Richardson, Rid-
dle, Thomas Ritchie, Robbins, Ruffin, Seward, Seymour,
Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Skelton, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Fred-
erick P. Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Hestor L. Stevens,
Straub, Andrew Stuart, John J. Taylor, Thurston, Upham,
Vansant, Wade, Walbndge, Walker, Walley, Walsh,
VVarren, Wells, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth,
Westbrook, Witte, Daniel B. Wright, and Hendrick B.
Wright—141.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to ask what the
next vote will be on ?
The SPEAKER. It will be on ordering the
main question to be put.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I simply desire to say,
that while I am opposed to any alteration of the
tariff at present, 1 do not desire to embarrass the
appropriation bill; and, therefore, on the next
question I shall vote aye.
The question recurred on ordering the main
question to be put, on which the yeas and nays
had been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 116, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen," Willis Allen,
Ashe, David J. Bailey, Barksdale, Barry, Belt, Benton,
Bliss, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, Brooks, Cas-
kie,Chamberlain, Chastain,Chrisman,Churchwell, Clark,
Clingman, Cobb, Craige, Cutunjr, John G. Davis, Disney,
.Dowdell, Dunbar, Dunham. Eddy, Edserton, Edmundson,
John M. Elliott, Ellison, English, Faulkner, Florence, ;
Fuller, Goode, Green, Greenwood, Hamilton, Sampson W. j
Harris, Hastings, Hendricks, Ilenn, Hibbard, Houston, In- |
gersoll, George" W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones. Roland Jones, ;
Keitt, Kerr, Kidwell, Lamb. Lane. Latham, Letcher, ;
Lewid, Lindsley, Macdonald, MeDougall, McMullin, Me- ;
Nair, Mc&ueen, Maxwell, Slay. Smith Miller, Millson, !
Munay, Nichols, Noble, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Peck, :
John Perkins, Phelps, Phillip*, Powell, Pratt, Iticirtrihon,
Riddle, Thomas Ritchey, Robbins, Ruffin, Seward, Sey-
mour, Shannon, Shaw,Shower, Skelton. Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, William R. Smith. George W. Smyth,
Frederick P. Stanton, Hestor L. Stevens, S;raub, Andrew
Stuart, l)a\Tid Stuart, John J. Taylor, Thurston, Vansant,
Walbridjje*, Walker, Walsh, Wairen, Wells, Westbrook,
Witte, Daniel 13. Wright, and Hendrick C. Wright—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Aheverombie, Appleton, Ball, Bank?,
Belcher, Bennett. Beu on, Buag, Campbell, Carpenter,
Caruthers, Chasi'j Cook, Corwin, Cox, Crocker, Culiom,
Thomas Davis, Dawson, Do Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Drum,
Eastman, Edmands. Tnomas D. Eliot. Etheridge, Ever-
hart, Farley, Flagler, Gamble. Giddings", Goodrich, Good-
win, Grey, Aaron Hatlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Harr^on,
Haven, Hiester, Hill, II' wp, lluqnes. Hunt, Knox, Kurtz,
Lilly, Lindlev, Lvon, McCulloch. Mace. Matteson. Mau-
rice, Mayall,"Mtacham, Middleswarth, Morgan, Norton,
Andrew Oliver, Packer, Parker, Ponnmsrlon, Preston.
Pringle, Puryedr, Readvj Da\id Ritchie. Rowe, Russet!,
Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Simmon*, Holler.-. Stratton, John L.
Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Teller, Tracy, Trout, Tweed,
Upham, Wade, Walley, Klhhu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, John Wentworth,Tappan Wentworth, Wheel-
er, Yates, and ZoHieoffer—91.
So the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. HIBBARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. ORB. I ask for the yeas and nays onthe
passage of the bill. . . ;
The yeas and nays were ordered. *
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 126, nays 80; as follows:
YF.As1—:VIrssr*. Abercrombie, J3*ne8 C. Allen* Willis
Allen, Applecon, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Bankis, BarKedale,
Barry, Bell, Benton, Bliss, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge,'
bridges, Brooks, Caskie, CljaaiberIain,Cliastiaii,Chrisman,
Churchwell, Clark, Clingman, Cobb, Craigfe', Cutting,-Jobtt
G. Davis, De Witt, Dickinson, Disney, Dawdell, Dunbar,
Dunham, Edgerton, Edmands, Edmundson, Thomas D.
Eliot, John M. Elliott. Ellison, English, Etheridge, Faulk-
ner, Florence,Fuller,Goode,Green.Oreenwood, Hamilton,
Andrew J. Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Hastings, Hen-
dricks, Henn, Hibbard, Houston, Darnel T. Jones, George
W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Eoland Jones. Keitt, Kerr,
Kidwell, Lamb, Lane, Latham, Letcher, Lewis, Lilly,
Lindsley, MeDougall, McMuliin, McNair, McQueen, Ma-
cy, Maxwell, May, Smitli Miller, Millson, Morrison, Mur-
ray, Nichols, Noble, Olds, Orr, Peck, Peckham, John Per-
kins, Phelps. Phillips, Powell. Pratt, Puryear, Eeady, Rich-
ardson, Eiddle, Bobbins, Buffin, Seward, Seymour, Shan-
non, Shaw, Shower, Skelton, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, William R. Smith, George W. Sroytll, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Straub, Andrew Stuart,
David Stuart. John J. Taylor, Thurston, Upham, Vansant,
Walbridge, Walker, Walley, Walsh, Warren, Weils,
Witte, Daniel B. Wright, and Hendrick B. Wright—128.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Belcher, Bennett, Benson, Buggs
Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chase, Cook, Corwin,
Cox, Crocker, Cullom, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dick-
Drum, Eastman, Everhart, Farley, Flagler, Gamble, Gid,
dings, Goodwin, Grey, Aaron Harlan, Harrison, Haven,
Hiester, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Tupercoll, Knox, Kurtz,
Lindley, Lyon, McCulloch, Mace, MaUeson, Maurice,
Mayall, Meacham, Middleswarth, Morgan. Norton, An-
drew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Packer, Parker, Penning-
ton, Preston, Pringle,David Ritchie, Uowe, Russell, Sabin,
Sage, Sapp, Simmons, Sollers, Stratton, John L. Taylor,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Teller, Tracy, Trout, Tweed, Wade,
Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Tappan Went-
worth, Wheeler, Yates, and ZoHieoffer—80.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the previous
question on the adoption of the title.
The previous question was seconded; and un-
der the operation thereof the title was agreed to.
Mr. JONES moved to reconsider .the vote by
which the title of the bill was agreed to, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
! Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
! Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bills; which thereupon received the signature of
the Speaker:
] Bill for the relief of Lot Davis; and
j Bill making an appropriation for the payment
! of invalid and other pensions of the United States,
j for the year ending 30th June, 1856, and for other
i purposes.
j ORDER OF BUSINESS.
I The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
; the Committee on Public Lands.
; Mr. DiSNEY obtained the floor,
I Mr. PHELPS. I desire to submit a motion to
; go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. Is that motion in order now ?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order if the
, gentleman had the lloor to offer it.
j Mr. PHELPS. I trust the gentleman from
| Ohio will yield me the floor for that purpose, that
1 we may take ud the Navy appropriation bili.
Mr. DISNEY declined to yield the floor.
Mr. PECKHAM. Is it in order to make a mo-
tion to po to the business on the Speaker's table r
The SPEAKER. The Chair having announced
: the regular business in order to be reports from
the Committee on Public Lands, and the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Disney] having been recog-
, nized by the Chair, no motion, c,* a matter of
i course, is in order, gave such as in- may make, as
, he is the only gentleman entitled to the lloor.
; Mr. BENTON. X desire to a--k she indulgence
i of the House to let me ask to have printed an
; amendment which 1 propose to oiTer to the nytii-
•| tary bounty land bili of'the Senate.
Mr. DISNEY. Certainly.
! Mr. BENTON. I ask to have the amendment
,j printed.
!| It was so ordered.
!j Mr' HAMILTON. I have, also, an arnend-
!; merit to the same bill, which I ask leave to have
printed.
!1 Leave was granted.
