934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February-^,
grant of the right of way to railroad companies,
but also to plank and macadamized roads through
the public land. Therefore, I would propose that
the bill be recommitted to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, with instructions to report a bill for
the extension of the provisions of that law to the
public lands within the Territories of the United
States, and to which the Indian title has been ex-
tinguished by treaty. This is merely a suggestion
which I throw out.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is to
strike out " one mile " and insert " two hundred
Mr. DISNEY. I call forthe previous question?
The House refused to second the call for the
previous question.
Mr. McDOUGrA LL. The object which I have
in view has already been stated by the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps.] I propose to ex-
tend the provisions of the act of 1852 to the Ter-
ritories of the United States and to California.
TheSPEAICER. The gentleman's amendment
is not before the body, for the reason that there
are pending an amendment and an amendment to
an amendment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then I will just here
give notice that I shall prepare and offer at the
proper time, an amendment providing for the ex-
tension of the provisions of the law of 1852 to
the Territories of the United States and the State
of California, and giving the right of way to plank
and macadamized roads as well as railroads.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not rise for the purpose
of interfering with the reporting of these bills
from the Committee on Public Lands. I am fully
aware of the importance of the one which has
just been presented; but I am most desirous to
proceed with the consideration of the naval appro-
priation bill. I indicated, when the floor was as-
signed to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Disney,]
that if 1 could obtain the floor I would move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. I now submit that motion.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. Is it competent for the gentleman
from Missouri to make this motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
when another gentleman is in the occupation of
the floor? The chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands had the floor, the gentleman from
Kansas had the floor 
The SPEAKER. And the gentleman from
California—all had the floor. [Laughter.]
Mr. STUART. The chairman of the"Com-
mittee on Public Lands yielded to the gentleman
from Kansas.
The SPEAKER. It is a question of fact about
which the gentleman and the -Chair differ. The
gentleman from Ohio introduced the bill from
the Committee on Public Lands; after the sub-
mission of some remarks on it he demanded the
previous question—the House refused to sustain
the demand. Then the gentleman from Kansas
took the floor and made an explanation. He
took his seat, and the gentleman from Missouri
took the .floor, and moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. When the motion was made, the gentle-
man from Missouri was the only gentleman in
occupation of the floor.
Mr. BENSON. There was a motion to re-
commit the bill to the Committee on Public Lands.
I move, so thatwe may all be enabled to examine .
the provisions of the bill, that the bill be ordered to
be printed.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection the
motion will be entertained, and considered as
agreed to.
There was no objection.
The question was taken on Mr. Phelps's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Millson in the chair.)
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, I move that
the committee do now proceed to the consideration
of the bill making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending 30th of June, 1856.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the first reading of
the bill be dispensed with, and that the Clerk pro-
ceed to read the bill by paragraphs for amend-
ment.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
The CH AIRMAN. The Clerk, objection being
made, will proceed to read the bill.
The Clerk read the bill through.
Mr. PHELPS. I merely desire to wake a
brief explanation in reference to this bill, and I
shall not detain the committee long. The Secreta-
ry of the Navy submitted estimates, to be included
in this bill, amounting to $16,241,000. Thewhole
of these estimates, however, were not for the sup-
port of the Navy proper. They also included
estimates for the payment of those mail steamers
whose contracts were made by the Secretary of the
Navy. But the practice during the last Congress,
and also during the present Congress, has been to
place the appropriations for the support of the mail
service by ocean steamers in a bill by themselves.
The amount of appropriations which have been
placed in this bill, including the amendments
which I have been instructed to offer by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, will amount to about
§14,669,000, being less by something over $500,000
than was estimated for by the Department.
At the time I wasinstructed by the Committee of
Ways and Means to report this bill, the committee
had not been furnished with detailed estimates re-
specting the expenditures necessary to be made at
the different navy-yards in the country. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, therefore, determined
to embrace all the objects specified by the Secre-
tary of the Navy in his estimates, tmd afterwards
if, in their judgment, upon examination, they did
not approve of any of the details, to move to
strike them out, and also to move to insert any
additional estimates which, in their judgment, they
might think necessary and proper. In the course
of the session the Secretary of theNavy has fur-
nished additional estimates, which were presented
to the House, and ordered to be printed, at the
time this bill was reported. These estimates
amounted in all to $597,891, making the entire
amount estimated for by the Secretary of the
Navy, as necessary to be appropriated during the
present session, §16,597,891.
It will be necessary, perhaps, as we proceed
with the consideration of the details of this bill, to
explain to the committee some of the reasons why
we have refused estimates which have been sent
to us from the Navy Department. But, sir, I did
not rise for the purpose of going, at the commence-
ment, into an explanation of those details. 1 will
only remark, in addition, that we have inserted
only one item in the bill which was not estimated
for regularly, which is that for the salary of Pro-
fessor Espy. 1 call for the reading of the first sec-
tion of the bill.
[Here Mr. Millson vacated the' chair, calling
Mr. Davis, of Indiana, thereto.]
The Clerk then reported the first clause of the
bill, as follows:
" For pay of commission, warrant, and petty officers
atid seamen, including Uie engineer corps of the Navy,
$3,515,111." ^
Mr. MILLSON moved to amend that clause
by adding thereto the following:
And the pay of Ibft pursers' clerks at the navy-yards at
Charlestown, New York, and Noriolk l)e raised to a sum
not exceeding $%0,
Mr. PHELPS. I raise the point of order upon
that amendment, that it is a proposition to change
the existing law so as to increase the salaries of
officers.
Mr. MILLSON. My friend from Missouri is
mistaken in that respect. I should not have made
the proposition if I had so understood it. It is
not a proposition to change the existing law. The
pay of pursers' clerks is fixed by law at $50U, but
the pay of the pursers'clerks at these navy-yards
is now §750. It depends upon estimates alone.
In the appropriation bill of 1854, an estimate was
made for the pay of the pursers'clerks at these
yards; and it is under that bill that they are
receiving §750. But sir, since that allowance was
made 
The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. If the gentle-
man from Virginia will suspend his remarks for
a moment, the Clerk will report the amendment,
and the Chair will decide the question of order.
Mr. MILLSON. I will modify my amend-
ment, so as to make it read:
And the Secretary of the- Navy is hereby^ authorized to
allow the pursers' clerks at the navy-yards at Charleston™,
Sew York, and Norfolk, a sum not exceeding $SiW..
I will now state the facts. The pay of pursers'
clerks serving at sea is fixed at |500 a year!, bat
the pay of pursers' clerks in the navy-yards is
regulated by the appropriation bills, and in no
other way, and is fixed at #750. a year. Now,
this would probably have been included in the
estimates for the year, but for an oversight,. The
Secretary of the Navy is desirous to increase the
pay, but inasmuch as he estimated only for §750,
the bill is founded on that estimate alone, and he
will consider himself restricted to the amount for
which he estimated.
A great amount of labor has been imposed upon
these pursers' clerks by the law requiring the
building of new steamships—such a quantity of
additional labor as makes §750 an entirely inade-
quate compensation. The Secretary of theNavy
informs me that the only way in which he can, at
present, remedy the evil is by the appointment of
an additional clerk, which he can do. But then
it would cost more than the addition of §150 to
the pay of these purser's clerks; for he could not
appointan additional clerk at aless compensation
than §500. They are now building two of the
new steam frigates at the navy-yard at Norfolk,
requiring the employment of some fifteen hundred
men. The purser's clerk is obliged to keep the
accounts of all these men. The Secretary of the
Navy is perfectly satisfied that the present com-
pensation is inadeqaate, and all the amendment
proposes is to allow the Secretary, at his discre-
tion, to increase the pay. It does not require him
to do so.
The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. The Chair is,
of the opinion that the amendment is not in order
under the rules of the House.
Mr. MILLSON.. I will not appeal from that
decision.
Mr. MILLSON then resumed the chair.
The Clerk reported the second clause of the
bill as follows:
" For pay of superintendents, naval constructors, and all
the civil establishments at the several navy-yards and
stations, $124,480."
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend that clause
by adding thereto the following:
Provided, That the salary of the naval store-keepers at
Norfolk, New York, and Boston, be raised to the sura of
$700.
Mr. PHELPS. That amendment is not in
order. It proposes to increase the salary of naval
store-keepers.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would like to
understand whether it is now regulated by existing
law ?
Mr. BANKS. I will state to the Chairman
that this amendment is very like the one he offered
just now.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is notinformed
of the fact. If the salary be now fixed by law,
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. BANKS. It is fixed by law.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the amendment is
not in order.
Mr. MACDONALD. I offer the following
amendment:
At the end of the fourteenth line, add as follows:
And that the law approved April 22,1854, increasing the
pay of the clerks at the navy-yard, Washington, District
•of Columbia, shall apply to the pay of clerks, draughtsmen,
inspectors of timber, and surgeons' and pursers' stewards,
at all the United States uavy-yards.
Mr. FAULKNER. I raise a question of order
upon that amendment.
Mr. MACDONALD. I cannot conceive upon
what ground the objection is made. The amend-
ment merely proposes to apply the same rate of
compensation to the officers of all the navy-yards
| that is now given by law to the officers at the
Washington navy-yard.
Mr. SEYMOUR. It proposes to change an
existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would like to
inquire of the gentleman from Virginia upon what
ground he objects to the amendment?
Mr. FAULKNER. That it changes the ex-
isting law.
The CH AIRMAN. If the pay of these officers
is regulated by an existing law, the Chair will
rule it not to be in order, but the Chair would like
to be informed by the gentleman from Virginia
