me
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 94,
Mr. HENDRICKS. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. STANTON. I beg leave to say to the
committee that I have not introduced this discus-
sion at all. The credit of it belongs to the gentle-
man from Illinois.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Has not the Chair de-
cided the amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee out of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has so decided;
but the gentleman from Tennessee is upon the
floor now to speak to the merits of the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Thendebatemustbecon-
fined to the bill; and as there is nothing in the bill
in reference to the Memphis navy-yard, all this
debate is out of order.
TheCHAlRMAN. Thegentleman from Ten-
nessee will confine his remarks to the bill.
Mr. STANTON. I was discussing this hemp
question, in reference to its purchase in the west-
ern Slates, and the gentleman from Illinois inter-
rupted me, and I yielded, as he desired to ask me
a question, and that is the matter to which the
gentleman takes objection.
TheCHAlRMAN. The Chair will only say
fenerally, that, under the order of the House,
ebate must be confined to the bill itself; but the
Chair is not prepared ta say there are no provis-
ions in the bill which justify the course of remark
pursued by the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. STANTON. In reference to another part
of the naval policy of the country to which the
gentleman from Illinois referred, I desire to say
a single word. On being informed, to my aston-
ishment, as I said, that the Senate had stricken
out the appropriation for the continuance of the
navy-yard at Memphis, when one of the Senators
from Tennessee inquired of me whether, in that
state of things, I would be willing lo go for a
proposition to give the establishment to the city
of Memphis, I told him I would. When the bill
came to the House, upon the first proposition to
strikeouttheappropriation, I resisted, with all my
power, its adoption by the House. I desired to
have that appropriation retained in the bill, and
then the establishment would have gone on as usual;
but when it was voted down, and every dollar, even
for the necessary repairs of keeping up the estab-
lishment, was stricken out of the bill, I did vote
forgiving the establishment to the city of Mem-
phis; ana 1 would do the same again under simi-
lar circumstances. And I say more, that unless
the Government is disposed to reestablish that
navy-yard, I am in favor of the city keeping it.
But while 1 was very anxious the bill should pass
in that form, after the appropriation had been
stricken out, I am very sure I made no personal
application to the gentleman from Illinois. 1 did
make the request of the House, and made nn
argument in lavor of it.
What 1 wanted to say in relation to this hemp
provision was, that American hemp can be fur-
nished to the Government as cheaply, and much
stronger, than Russian hemp. It can be spun at
Memphis by machinery already there, and which
is ready to be given back to the United States. It
cost, with the building, some two or three hun-
dred thousand dollars. The hemp can be spun
there as well as anywhere else in the world, for |
the rope-walk, which was completed by the Gov- ]
ernment, is said to be the most complete establish-
ment of the kind anywhere to be found.
It seems to me, sir, it is a gross injustice to ,
American interests not to do so. 1 do not ask you 1
to protect American hemp any more than it is i
protected by existing law. I do not ask you to
show any favor to American hemp, but simply >
that you should purchase American hemp at the
same price at which you can procure Russian ;
hemp, and to give western men an opportunity to '
furnish it at such price. 1 think that request is i
reasonable and right. I have a letter from the :
Secretary of the Navy, in which he admits to me j
that measures taken for obtaining American hemp :
entirely failed, and that he believes it would be
desirable to make contracts for it, running from '
three to five years.
I desire to say one word further in relation to 1
the Memphis navy-yard. I do not intend to
trouble the House with a long speech, for I know
I should do no good by such a course, nor would
it enlighten the House. If the House is prepared,
at the proper time, to vote for the establishment
of that yard, I know they are sufficiently enlight-
ened upon the subject, from looking at the reports
submitted from time to time, without needing a
long argument from me. I will say, however, in
a few words, that the Government of the United
States have expended 01.000,000 in building up
an establishment at a point where it can be ex
tremely useful to the Government in a variety of
ways. I say, moreover, that every western man,
every man in the valley of the Mississippi, is
deeply interested in the reestablishment of that
yard. A greater portion of the supplies for the
navy, coal, iron, hemp, copper, and provisions of
all kinds, must corns from that portion of the
country. Although they may be purchased at
other points, at the east and elsewhere, yet they
are produced in the great valley of the Mississippi.
In order, under all circumstances and in all times,
to be able to avail ourselves of the resources of
that valley, it is necessary that this establishment
should be retained in the center of it.
It is perfectly idle to say that vessels of a class
suitable for the service of the Navy, cannot be
built in Memphis and carried out to sea, in any
numbers. I need not say to you, Mr. Chairman,
who understand this matter so well, that in case
of a naval war, the first operation of any great
naval Power would be to shut up completely the
Gulf of Mexico. It is apparent that that could be
done, and the whole commerce of that country
would be closed and shut up, and it is evident
that all the greatest interests of the country would
suffer materially thereby. You are told by the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs 
Mr. PHILLIPS. I rise to a question of order.
I regret to be compelled to make it on my friend
from Tennessee; but I have waited to see whether
he was coming to a conclusion. 1 submit whether
this discussion on the Memphis navy-yard is in
order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not informed
that there is in the bill any provision in reference
to the Memphis navy-yard, and would suggest to ;
the gentleman from Tennessee, that, under the ]
resolution of the House, he must confine his
remarks to the subject of the bill now under con-
sideration.
Mr. STANTON. I am speaking on the gen-
eral interests of the Navy, and if it be not in order
to here discuss the general naval policy of the
country, I am at a loss to know where it is.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is disposed to
allow debate as far as he can justly do so under
the rule. He thinks that debate ought not to be
restricted to the words and letters of the bill, and
that any remarks relating to the objects of the ap-
propriations would be in order. TheChair would,
at the same time, indicate that remarks applying
I to questions not embraced by the bill, would not
[! be in order.
; Mr. STANTON. I have nothing more to say
II iri regard to what I conceive to be the principal |
r naval policy of the country; but desire to say, 1
!: simply, that if any gentleman here supposes I am j
; 1 looking for popularity at home, he is entirely mis- !
[ taken. I do not intend to be again a candidate j
for reelection; and my only purpose in urging
j, this matter at the present time, and which I will j
j have at any future time, is to do what I believe to t
j be a duty to the people whom I represent and to j
'■ the country which I serve—to save this vast !
; amount of property which has been thrown away, !
■ inconsiderately, I believe, at the last session of
Congress. So far as the local interests are con- >
| cerned, 1 doubt not, it would be better for her to '
; take the property, sell it, and put the proceeds in 1
! the Treasury. ;
j Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. 1 offer the
j following amendment: j
I After the worth " for increase, repair, armament, arid j-
equipment of (lie Navy, including the wear and tear ofves- !
sets la commission, fuel for steamers, and purchase of hump i
! for the Navy, .$2,799,500," insert: I
' Provided, The Secretary of the iVnvy may purchase by >1
' contract American water-rotted hemp in any suitable quari- ■
: tuy, it the name can tie obtained of equal quality, not to
exceed the price of Russian water-rotted hemp.
Mr. Chairman, that proviso is not in conflict !
, with any law which now exists, unless in respect ;
; to the quantity of hemp that the Secretary may i!
(purchase. The law now is, that the Secretary <
i may purchase American water-rotted hemp, pro- lf
vided it be of the same quality and can be obtained 11
for the same price as the Russian water-rotted ■
j hemp. In my proviso 1 say that the Secretary K
may purchase it by contract in any suitablequan- 1
; tity. If that alters the law, let it do so.
But I wish to state to the committee a few facta
in connection with this matter, which will shoSr
the reason why the American Navy has not used,
for the last eighteen months or two years, a single
pound of American water-rotted hemp. The
Government has authorized the appointment of
two hemp agents; one at St. Louis, in Missouri,
and the other at Lexington, in the State which I
have the honor in part to represent. These
agents, it is true, are authorized by the Govern-
ment to procure American water-rotted hemp for
the Navy. The Government, and the officers of
the Navy, know that hemp can be, and is, pro-
duced in this country of as good quality, if not
infinitely better, because it bears a greater test
than that purchased from the commission mer-
chants of Boston, and imported from Russia.
The Secretary of the Navy is, I believe, anxious—
I know he is, for he told me so—to encourage, as
far as he had it in his power, the culture and pro-
duction of American hemp; but he says that he
is dependent upon those who surround him, and
who are more experienced, for information on this
subject. He does not exactly know what good
water-rotted hemp is; and it is not to be presumed
that he should know. He has been raised in a
State where hemp is not cultivated. But the in-
structions issued from his office by his subordin-
ates are of such a character that it is utterly
impossible to buy a single pound of hemp, no
matter what is its quality for durability and
strength 
Mr. PHELPS. I would suggest to my friend
to let us take a vote, and the proposition be adopted.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to explain the matter
in a few words. These instructions, issued to the
hemp agents at Louisville and St. Louis, make "
the requisitions that the hemp purchased for the
Government shall be of a particular odor, of a
particular color, of a particular feel, and, in ad-
dition to all this, that each fiber in a hank shall
be of precisely the same length. These requisi-
tions it is utterly impossible to comply with, and
therefore it is no American water-rotted hemp is
used in the Navy.
Here is another reason why it cannot be pro-
cured in great quantities: The farmers of Ken-
tucky, who are able to undergo the expense of
providing machinery, and all the means for water-
rotting hemp, will not do so while these instruc-
tions hang over the heads of the hemn agents.
They say, if they expend $50,000 or $100,000 in
the culture of the hemp, that, when it goes before
the agents, and does not agree with all of the requi-
sitions, even to the uniformity of length of the
fibers, they lose all. But give one of these Ken-
tucky farmers a contract to supply one hundred
tons, or fifty tons, or even twenty-five tons, and
he will^o to work and make the necessary prep-
| arations. It is an expensive operation to provide
; vats and a steam engine for the purpose of water-
j rotting hemp as it should be water-rotted. They
■ will not enter into it if there exists this uncertainty
; of their hemp being purchased by the authorities
> of the Government. I hope the amendment may
j be adopted.
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think the amend-
j ment unnecessary. I have become satisfied, for
! one, that the contract system is an injurious one.
| It is the best way for the Government to go into
open market, and there buy what it wants.
Mr. STANTON. Then it will buy nothing but
! Russian hemp.
Mr. JONES. If the Russian hemp be cheapest
and best let the Government buy it.
nfr' American hemp is best.
Mr. JONES. Then let it buy that.
Mr. STANTON. But American farmers will
not grow it unless they have an assurance of its
being purchased when itisgrown and water-rotted
POO MIT3"7 apparatus costs from $50,000 to
The question was taken; and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. WELLS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the word " three'* and in-
serting the word « two   in the clause of the bill
appropriating 13,000,000 for six steam frigates
and insert, at the end of the bill, the following: '
That the Secretary of the Navy is lierebvdireetclm <,„=
ate"a„'ho^
