THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&.
February 26,
or if it should not be adopted, anterior to a vote
on the amendments of the House, the honorable
Senator from Florida can make his motion.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Mary-
land is correct. By concurring in the amendments
of the House generally, the question is disposed
of, as far as the Senate is concerned. If the
Senate concur in the amendments of the House, it
will not be in the power of the Senator from Flor-
ida to move the indefinite postponement of the
bill. The motion can be submitted before they are
acted upon. The question is upon the amendment
of the Senator from Maryland.
The amendment was as follows:
That the Senate concur in the amendments of
the House of Representatives, with the following
amendment:
See   Jtnd be it further enacted^ That a? soon as prac-
ticable afier the passage of this act, the President of the
United States >hajl cause a board of naval medical officers
to be aasetnbh'd, to consist of five surgeons, five passed as-
sistant surgeons, and five assistant surgeons ; which board,
under such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe, shall
make a careful examination into the efficiency of* the ofli-
cers ot'saiil grades, and shall report to the Secretary of the
Navy the names and rank of all officers of the said grades
who, in the judgment of said board, shall be incapable of per-
forming, promptly and efficiently, -ill their duty ashore and
afloat; and vacancies oreuiring in said board shall be filled
by the Secretaiy of the Navy, who shall preserve the num-
ber and grades of us officers, as aforesaid: Provided, That
do otheers upon said board t-hall examine into, or report
upon, the crticiency of officers of a grade above them, and
that the provisions of the second section of this bdlsbail ex-
tend to the officers specified in this.
Mr. BAYARD, Mr. President, the amend-
ment now proposed, as I understand it, is an
amendment to the amendments of the House to
the Senate bill. I do not know that f have any
objection to the amendment of the honorable
Senator from Maryland, if the amendments of the
House are to be concurred in, nor do I mean to
discuss, at length, those amendments. I wish
simply to enter my protest against the erection of
any tribunal of the character winch one amend-
ment of the House directs to be created. Sir, I
am perfectly aware that reformation is wanted
in the naval service. I admit it; but I am not
willing to sacrifice what I consider to be a great
principle, even for attaining that reformation. I
do not wish to agree to the irresponsible exercise
of the power which it will confer. The bill as it
passed the Senate, I could assent to cheerfully.
One of the amendments of the House embodies a
provibton by which an irresponsible court of five
officers is to be created, upon whose opinions, or
belief, as to the capacity or fitness of their fellows
in the service, the President of the United States,
without responsibility, may drop them from the
service, though they may have been in it twenty,
r thirty, or forty years. No such power, with
my consent, shall be given to any board of offi-
cers. If the Navy cannot be reformed without
that, so far as my vote goes, it shall stand as it is.
I think the pi inciple involved in that amendment
wrong in itaelf.
It is wrong in principle to take out of the service
a board of officers who shall pass their opinions
on the respective merits and qualifications of other
officers in the service, without accusation, without
hearing, without a charge, and then, sanctioned
by that report, without responsibility, to say that
the President may drop them from the service.
Sir, 1 was willing to go for the retired list; for I
look upon the naval service as one in which, if a
man continues long, he becomes unqualified for
the performance of any other duty. It may well
be that an officer of the Navy may not have been
distinguished in the service, though he may have
performed, as men often do in private life, his
duties in a manner sufficieRtly creditable. He
may have done that, but not in any distinguished
manner; and I should beunwilling, when that man
reaches the age of forty or fifty years, unless there
be some positive charge against him, to throw him
out of the service into beggary. I think the prin-
ciple of the House amendment intolerable; and I
believe that, if it is concurred in, the oppressions
that will necessarily take place under it will be
such that it will have to be amended. I make the
objection, Mr. President; but if the Senate choose
to agree to the amendment, be it so. Experience
must indicate whether I am right or not; but I am
not willing, without making the objection, and
without voting against the amendment, that such
a tribunal should be erected by the authority of
the Congress of the United States.
Mr. PRATT. I desire the honorable Senator
from Delaware, and other Senators, to notice that
it is not now upon the amendment of the House,
but upon the amendment which I have proposed,
that the Senate is first to vote. My amendment
puts surgeons in the Navy on the same footing as
officers of the line. I do not propose, Mr. Presi-
dent, unless others do so, to discuss the propriety
of this amendment. 1 only ask for the yeas and
nays upon its adoption.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 do not propose to occupy
the attention of the Senate five minutes in discuss-
ing this amendment. The bill, as it went from
the Senate to the House, was a good bill, maturely
considered in the Navy Department, maturely
considered by the Senate committee appointed for
the purpose, and, in my judgment, it will really
promote the efficiency of the Navy. As it comes
from the House, it has been improved. The com-
mittee in the House gave it a thorough investiga-
tion. In those amendments of the House the
Navy Department fully concur. In those amend-
ments the Senate committee fully concur. I pro-
pose, in a very few words, to answer the objection
of the honorable Senator from Delaware.
He objects to confiding to the board this power
to designate for reservation any officer whose con-
duct is such as to justify a recommendation of
dismissal from the ftavy. The board is to have
no other authority than to recommend. Over them
the Secretary of the Navy first, the President next,
and the Senate next, as a matter of course, will
exercise jurisdiction and authority. The exercise
of this power in regard to the officers is to be
placed where it ought to be placed—in the judg-
ment of their peers; and, sir, if there be a man in
the service whose character is so degraded, whose
standing is so infamous, that a jury of his peers,
after thirty years' acquaintance, will decide that
he ought to be dismissed from the service, I say,
in due deference to the judgment of the Senator
from Delaware, that that decision should betaken
as a final judgment; and 1 am willing to trust the
question to a jury of his peers. Every man in
every profession of life looks alone to the opinion
of his peers for a correct judgment; and if, in the
Navy, we cannot trust the delegation of this power
to judge of an officer, where may we look for
justice?
I am in favor of promoting the efficiency of the
Navy; it has no better friend in Congress than I
am. I have labored for years to obtain some
thorough reformation. It is almost impossible to
pass through Congress anything that strikes at
the root of the heart-burnings which are wearing
the Navy out; and when you find men coming
from all parts of the earth, men perfectly unknown
to the Navy Department, whose names are looked
upon by the clerks of the Department as abstrac-
tions, a sort of John Does and Richard Roes, in the
service, men of thirty-two years standing, whohave
not raised their hands in the service, whose char-
acters are so bad m some instances that they can-
not get a common bill for compensation through
this body, and when we make the slightest attempt
to place a hand upon them, we are met by objec-
tions. If this bill goes back to the House, filled
as it is with the germ of excellence and improve-
ment of the service, it fails. The amendments of
the House are good, but they have not time to
act upon it if we amend their amendments.
As to the amendment of my friend from Mary-
land I shall say but a few words. He is in favor
of this bill, with his amendment or without it.
His amendment is simply to extend the provis-
ions of the bill from the line officers of the Navy,
the sailor officers of the Navy, to the medical
officers—from the fighting men to the non-com-
batants, from the line to the staff.
Now, Mr. President, the committee of the
Senate have had this thing under mature consid-
eration. It is in favor of legislating for the staff
officers of the service. In the general bill which
passed this body those corps are legislated for;
out this is an experiment, an experiment which
can be confined only to the line officers, because
the philosophy of the bill contemplates that no
increase of expenditure for the naval service, and
no increase of grades, shall be had; but adopt this
amendment and you increase the expense and in-
crease the number of grades in the Navy. Hence
it is that you cannot agree to the amendment and
preserve the philosophy of the bill. It is so for this
reason: we have an academy from which to take
officers, and we decrease the lower grades as we
reserve the higher. The same number will be
educated in the academy. The law of the United
States fixes that number one for eaeh congres-
sional district; but when you come to retire sur-
geons you must promote other surgeons from
civil life. The Secretary of the Nary tells you
that you have not enough now; and the moment
you reserve any you must take others from civil
life, and that will increase the expenditures of the
Navy. .
But another objection to the amendment is, that
the corps of surgeons is but one corps of the staff.
There are the engineers, the marine officers, the
chaplains, the naval constructors, and all other
staff corps, who will, if you agree to this, be de- ,
manding the same measure of justice. It is in '•
contemplation by the Committee on Naval Affairs, ;
at the next session, to take up the entire corps and ^
legislate for them, but not to legislate for one in
detail—not to do justice to one and withhold it from
another. The committee at this session have
agreed to report this measure in a separate bill.
1 trust the amendment will not be agreed to, and
that we shall not jeopard the bill by our action
here, because, if we return it to the" House, there
is a strong1 probability that it will fail.
Mr. BAYARD. The services of the honorable
Senator from Florida, in behalf of the Navy, no
one will question. His knowledge in reference to
the matter no one will doubt. But, sir, 1 differ
from him as to what he calls the judgment of a
man's peers—that is, in this case of five officers
brought together at the will of the President, who'
are to make no inquiry upon testimony, who are'j
not to hear the party, but who, on their own opin-i
ion and belief—for that is the substance of the
language of the bill—may, by an arbitrary discre-
tion, recommend to the President that A, B, G,
and D, their fellow officers, be dropped from the
list; and then, that on that authority the President
may drop a man from the list and turn him forth
to the world without means of support, though he
may have been ten, twenty, or thirty years in the ;
service of the country.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to ask him whether the President can-
not drop an officer from the list without this ex-
amination ?
Mr. BAYARD. I have no doubt about that;
but the wide distinction is this: There is the power
with responsibility; but if you interpose this board
of officers the President will throw himself upon
the opinion of the board, and he will not carry hia
responsibility beyond it. The board recommend
him to drop A, B, C, and D from the list; there-
fore there will be no individual responsibility; but
as to the power of the President of the United
States now to dismiss an officer from the Navy,
without a court-martial, and to exercise that power
in an arbitrary manner, there is an independent
spirit in the Navy and in the country, there is a
jealousy in the Navy as to its exercise which no
President would hazard; and therefore you find in
your experience that, though the President has in
certain cases dismissed officers from the Navy
without a eourt-martiaj, the power has not been
exercised for the purposes of abuse. But it seems
to me here is an inquisitorial tribunal, dependent
upon the opinion of the board alone; and the result
will be, that, if you constitute such a board, you
will introduce personal cliques into the Navy, and
personal favoritism and subserviency, and bring
difficulty into it.
I do not consider that a reform. 1 am in favor
of a reform of the Navy, and I regret that I have
to oppose this provision, but I opposed it before ■
when it wasin the bill which was originally brought ?
into the Senate. The Senate has refused to adopt
it before. The Senate passed the bill without
granting to the board, which might place a man
upon the reserved list, but still leave him the means
of subsistence, the power which might throw him
out of the service altogether. That is my objec-
tion to the amendment. I cannot consider such a
board, so constituted and so acting, as anything
more than something hke a star chamber,and the
result of it would be beyond all question, injuri-
ous to the Navy. I am anxious to see this bili
passed finally as it passed the Senate; and if any
amendment but one which I think violates an im-
portant principle had been put into it, I would
have waived all my objections to it; I should not
