1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
939
have proposed any amendment, eyen if I had
deemed it desirable myself, but 1 cannot consent
to give my vote in favor of the passage of this bill,
with a provision as objectionable as I consider the
amendment of the House, to which I refer, to be.
Mr. PRATT. I should have been very glad if
the discussion had been confined to the question
which is now under the immediate consideration
of the Senate. I shall not discuss the general
merits of this bill. The simple proposition on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered, and
upon which we are now to vote, is whether the
provisions of the bill shall be extended to surgeons
in the Navy > The honorable Senator from Florida
[Mr. Mallory] admits that they ought to be
extended to them. Sir, there is no man who can
deny that these provisions, if they are right, ought
to be extended to all the branches of the naval
service. The honorable Senator says that the bill
only extends to the fighting men of the Navy. Its
provisions are, that if those who are in the regular
line of the Navy, or as the Senator designates them,
the fighting men of the Navy, are unfit to fight,
they bliall be retired from the service. Now X
aslt, in the name of common sense, any man to
tell me, if a fighting man "is retired because he is
unable to fight, why a doctor who, on account
of mental imbecility, is unable to give a dose of
medicine, or perform a surgical operation, should
not be retired also?
It is conceded, then, by the advocates of the
bill that the amendment which 1 have proposed is
one which is proper in itself, and that it is one
which should be adopted; but the objection is, that
its adoption now would endanger the passage of
the bill in the House of Representatives, and it is
to that question that I propose to direct the atten-
tion of the friends of the bill for a few moments.
The bill passed the House by a majority of sev-
enty, if I am correctly informed. Now, we are
to suppose that, in that branch of the Legislature,
where there are seventy majority for the bill, an
amendment, admitted by all to be right in itself,
will occasion the final rejection of the bill. This
is the only argument used against the amendment.
It is the only one which can be brought against it.
The honorable Senator says that expense is in-
curred. What expense? He is willing to go for
the amendment in a separate bill; he therefore
does not dread the expense, for he is in favor of
it with the expense.
Mr. President, I think we haye had enough of
this objecting to measures which come up here,
that they will be endangered in the other House.
We are asked not to amend this, because it will
occasion its failure in the other branch of the Le-
gislature. That is an argument which is used on
almost every measure. It is an argument which
has had heretofore too much weight. It is an
argument which, I think, should have but little
weight with us. It is our province to do what we
think right, and leave to those in the other branch
of the Legislature the obligations upon their part
to discharge their duty according to what they
think right. Here, then, is an amendment upon
which we are about to vote, which is admitted by
all to be correct; and I cannot believe, for one
moment, that the passage of the bill will be en-
dangered by its incorporation upon the amend-
ments of the House, when there was a majority of
seventy in that House for the bill as it passed
there.
Again, sir, if the amendment which I propose
should be agreed to by the Senate, and there
should not be a majority of the House in favor of
it, which I think almost impossible to conceive,
yet what would be the result? They would non-
concur in our amendment. The bill, however,
would not then fail, but it would come back to us,
and it would then be for us to say whether we
would prefer to give up the amendment, or to lose
the whole bill, and in that event, I am free to ad-
mit that I would give up the amendment which I
have the honor to propose. Sir, I am as warmly
in favor of a measure to promote the efficiency of
the Navy as the honorable Senator from Florida,
or any other member of this body. I believe that
this amendment will be calculated to promote the
object. 1 do not believe that the bill would be
endangered by it. I feel confident that it ought to
be agreed to, or I should not assume the respon-
sibility of running the risk of defeating a bill
which I believe to be so beneficial.
Mr. MORTON addressed the Senate in oppo-
sition to the bill. His speech will be published
in the Appendix.
Mr. CLAYTON. I do not wish to delay the
vote on this bill, but I must assign, very briefly, the
reason why I cannot support the amendment of
the Senator from Maryland. While I am de-
cidedly in favor of extending the principle of the
bill to the class of officers mentioned in the amend-
ment, I must say that I cannot hazard, by such an
amendment, the passage of the bill itself.
The honorable Senator observes, in support of
his amendment, that, as the measure was passed
in the other House by a large majority, his amend-
ment would undoubtedly be agreed to there; but,
under the rules which they have in that House,
if the bill should go back, it would be almost im-
possible to reach it during the brief remainder of
this session. Inasmuch as the measure proposed
by the bill itself is one of great good to the coun-
try, I am constrained to oppose the adoption of
the amendment of the Senator from Maryland.
Though I admit the bill is not perfect, yet it is an
important step in the right direction.
I do not agree with the views of my colleague
[Mr. Bayard] on this subject. He thinks this
bill will establish an inquisitorial tribunal which
will prove tyrannical. Why, sir, the principles
which my honorable friend presses upon the atten-;
tion of ihe Senate would be very applicable to
civil officers, but it is impossible without inquisi-*
torial and summary tribunals, without extraordi-
nary guards, such as those proposed by the amend-
ment of the House, to maintain the order, the
discipline, and the high character of the Army and
Navy.
The difficulty which this bill is intended to ob-
viate is this: It is alleged that many of the officers
are entirely unfit for their places. It is said that
these drag down the character of the Navy, and
destroy the efficiency of the service. It is alleged
that many of the drones in the service can be dis-
posed of in no other way than according to the
provisions of this bill. For the honor of the ser-
vice I am willing to subject them to the investiga-
tion of their own brother officers, and if they can-
not stand the test they ought not to remain.
With regard to inquisitorial tribunals, we have
them even m civil life. Our own examinations in
secret session into the character of public officers,
are inquisitorial. The secret sessions of the Pres-
ident and his Cabinet to determine upon the nomi-
nations which he submits to the Senate are inquis-
itorial in their character. We cannot dispense with
these inquisitorial tribunals even in civil life, but
much greater is the necessity for them in military
life.
I am anxious to sustain the honor of the Navy.
During the last war with Great Britain it won the
name of" the right arm of the nation's defense."
I am in favor of any and every measure that will
relieve it from the odium that has been cast upon
it in regard to the efficiency of sonie of its officers,
and would gladly aid, by every means in my
power, any effort to enable it to retain its honored
name, and to add hereafter to the brilliant reputa-
tion it possessed at the close of the last war with
Great Britain.
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not wish to delay the
taking of the vote on the amendment, but I wish
to state why I shall vote against the amendment
of the Senator from Maryland. 1 take the same
ground that the honorable Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Clayton] takes. So far as this measure goes
it is perfect in itself. It is necessary however,
that the surgeons, and the pursers, and the ma-
rines, should also have a similar measure appli-
cable to them. I understood from the honorable
Senator from Florida, [Mr. Mallory,] that such
a measure is also prepared and about to be intro-
duced, and I do not want to peril or hazard this
measure by voting for the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Maryland.
Several Senators, fetuestion.
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not wish to continue the
debate any longer. I shall vote against the amend-
ment, because I fear it would defeat what I believe
to be an excellent measure for the Navy.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
. Mr. Pratt's, amendment, resulted—yeas 7, nays
36; as follows:
! YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Morton, Peaice, Pratt,
i Rusk, Stuart, and Sumner—'7.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Brain-
I era, Bright, BroilUeail, Brown, Cass, Ciiase, Clayton,
Cooper, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Evans, Fe&sen-
den, Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Gillette^ Gwin, Hunter, James,
Johnson, Mallory, Mason, Pettit, Sebastian, Seward,
Shields, Siidell, Thompson of Keatuc&y, Thomson of
New Jersey, Toombs, VVeller, Weils, and Wright—36.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT. The question now recurs
on agreeing to the amendment of the House.
Mr. MORTON. If it is now in order, I desire
to submit the motion which I have indicated for
the indefinite postponement of the bill* and upon
that motion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 2, nays 41; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Morton, and Tooinhs—2.
"NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Badger, Bayard, BeH,
Benjamin, Brainerd, Bright, Brodhcad, Brown, Cass,
Chase, Clayton, Cooper, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Douglas, Evans, Fcssenden, Fitzpatricfc, Geyer, Gillette,
Gwin, Hunter, James, Johnson, Mallory, Mason, Pettit,
Pratt, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Sbdell, Stuart, Sum-
ner, Thomson of New Jersey, Walker, Weiler, Wells, and
Wright—41.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask that the question be
taken separately on concurring in the first amend-
ment of the House, which relates to the power to
be granted to the board. If it be the pleasure of
the Senate to decide in favor of that'amendment;
I have no particular objection to the others. If it
is not agreed to, there must necessarily be some
slight verbal alterations in some of the other
amendments. I ask for a division upon the
amendmtnt. 1 shall not ask for the yeas and
nays.
The PRESIDENT. The question, then, is,
in the first place, on concurring m the amendment
of the House, to insert:
li And whenever said board sliatl believe that said in-
competency lias arisen from any cause implying sufficient
blame on ihe part of the officer to justilv it, they shall
recommend that his name be stricken altogether from the
rolls."
The amendment was concurred in; there being,
on a division—ayes twenty-three, noes not count-
ed.
The question being taken on the other amend-
ments of the House of Representatives, they were
concurred in.
PRESENTATION OF GEN. JACKSON'S SWORD.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, the hour has
arrived which has been designated for a very
interesting ceremony. It is one in which ladies
take as deep an interest as gentlemen, but the
crowded state of the galleries excludes many of
them from the Chamber. A motion to suspend
the rule which limits admissions to the floor, so
that those who are now excluded may be permit-
ted to be present, I think, will meet with general
acceptance, and, therefore, I submit that motion.
The motion was agreed to; and many ladies
were admitted to seats without the bar.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I must ask the in-
dulgence of the Senate for requesting that its usual
business may be suspended, in order to give me an
opportunity to discharge a trust which has been
committed to me; a trust I had not the heart to de-
cline, but which I knew I had not the power to ful-
fill as such amission should be fulfilled. I hold in
my hand the sword of General Jackson, which he
wore in all his expeditions while in the military
service of the country,and which was his faithful
companion in his last and crowning victory, when
New Orleans was saved from the grasp of a rapa-
cious and powerful enemy, and our nation from
the disgrace and disaster which defeat would have
brought in its train. When the hand of death
was upon him. General Jackson presented this
sword to his friend, the late General Armstrong,
as a testimonial of his high appreciation of the
services, worth, and courage of that most estima-
ble citizen and distinguished soldier, whose des-
perate valor on one occasion stayed the tide of
Indian success and saved the army from destruc-
tion. The family of the lamented depositary, now
that death has released him from the guardianship
of this treasure of patriotism, are desirous it
should be surrendered to the custody of the Na-
tional Legislature, believing that to be the proper
disposition of a memorial which, in all time to
come, will be a cherished one for the American
people. To carry that purpose into effect, I now
offer it in their name to Congress.
Mr. President, this is no doubtful relic, whose
identity depends upon uncertain tradition, and
