&40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
which owes its interest to an impulsive imagina-
tion. Its authenticity is established beyond con-
troversy, by the papers which accompany it, and
it derives its value as well from our knowledge
of its history, as from its association with the
great captain, whose days of toil and nights of
trouble it shared and witnessed, and who never
drew it from its scabbard but to defend the honor
and the interests of his country.
This is neither the time nor the place to portray
those great traits of character which gave to Gen-
eral Jackson the ascendency that no man ever
denied who approached him, and that wonderful
influence with his countrymen which marked al-
most his whole course, from his entrance upon a
public career till the grave closed upon his life
and his labors, and left him to that equality which
the mighty and the lowly must find at last. Still
from my personal and official relations with him,
and, 1 trust I may add, from his friendship to-
wards me, of which I had many proofs, I cannot
withhold the acknowledgment of the impression
which his high qualities made upon me, and which
becomes more lasting and profound as time is
doing its work of separation from the days of my
intercourse with him.
I have been no careless observer of the men of
my time, who, controlled by events, or controlling
them, have stoocfprominent among them, and will
occupy distinguished positions in the annals of
the age; and circumstances have extended my op-
portunities of examination to the Old World, as
well as to the New. Hut I say, and with a deep
conviction of its truth, that I never have been
brought into contact with a man who possessed
more native sagacity, more profundity of intellect,
higher powers of observation, or greater probity
of purpose, more ardor of patriotism, nor more
firmness of resolution, after he had surveyed his
position, and occupied it, than the lamented sub-
ject of this feeble tribute—not to him—but to truth.
And I will add that, during the process of determ-
ination upon important subjects, he was some-
times slow, and generally cautious and inquiring;
and he has more than once told me, anxious and
uneasy, not seldom passing the night without
sleep; but he was calm in his mind, and inflexi-
ble in his will, when reflection had given place to ,
decision. The prevailing opinion that he was
rash and hasty in his conclusions, is founded
upon an erroneous impression of his habits of
thought and action; upon a want of discrimina-
tion between his conduct before and after his judg-
ment had piouounced upon his course.
This is not the first offering of a similar nature
which has been laid upon the altar of our country,
with the sanction of the legislative department of
the Government. Some years since another pre-
cious relic, was deposited here, the sword of him
who, in life, was first in the affections of his
countrymen, and in death is now the first in their
memory. 1 need notname his name. It is written
in characters of living light on every heart, and
springs instinctively to every tongue. His fume
is committed to time, his example to mankind,
mid himself, we may humbly hope, to the reward
of the righteous. When centuries shall have
passed over us, bringing with them the mutations
that belong to the lapse of ages, and our country
shall yet be fulfilling, or shall have fulfilled, her
magnificent destiny, for good, I devoutly hope,
and not for evil, pilgrims from our ocean coasts,
and our inland seas, and from the vast regions
which now separate, but ere long, by our won- |
Jerful progress, must unite them, will come up to j
the high places of our land, consecrated by days j
uwl deeds of world-wide renown. And turning j
aside to the humble tomb, dearer than this proud |
Capitol, they will meditate upon the eventful his- !
tory of their country, and will recall the example |
while they bless the name of Washington. !
And on the same occasion was presented the !
cane of Franklin, which was deposited in our j
national archives with the s?word of his friend and
co-laborer in the great cause of human rights.
Truly and beautifully has it been said, that " peace
hath its victories as well as war." And never
was nobler conquest won, than that achieved by
the American apprentice, printer, author, states-
man, embassador, philosopher, and better than
all, model of common sense, over one of the most
powerful elements in the economy of nature,
subduing its might to his own, thus enabling man
to answer the sublime interrogatory addressed
to Job, u Canst thou send lightnings, that they
may go and say unto thee, Here we are?"
Yes, they now come at our command and say,
" Here we are, ready to do your work." And it
was our illustrious countryman who first opened
the way for this subjugation of the fire of heaven
to the human will. The staff that guided the
steps of Franklin, and the sword that guarded
the person of Washington, may well occupy the
same repository, under the care of the nation they
served, and loved, and honored.
And now, another legacy of departed greatness,
another weapon from the armory of patriotism,
comes to claim its place in the sanctuary assigned
to its predecessor, and to share with ft the ven-
eration of the country in whose defense it was
wielded.
The memorial of the first and greatest of our
Chief Magistrates, and this memorial of his succes-
sor in the administration of the Government, and
second only to him in the gratitude and affections
of the American people, will lie side by side, united
tokens of patriotic self-devotion, and of successful
military prowess, though they who bore them and
gave them value by their services, are now tenants
of distant and lowly graves, separated by mount-
ains, and rivers, and valleys. And in ages shut
out from our vision by the far away future, when
remote generations, heirs of our heritage of free-
dom, but succeeding to it without the labor and
the privations of acquisition, shall gaze, as they
will gaze, upon these testimonials of victories,
time-worn but time-honored, they will be carried
back by association to those heroes of early story,
and will find their love of country strengthened,
and their pride in her institutions, and their con-
fidence in her fate and fortunes increased by this
powerful faculty of the mind—a faculty which
enables us to triumph over the distant and the
future, as well as over the stern realities of the
present; gathering around us the mighty dead, and
the mighty deeds that excited the admiration of
mankind, and will ever command their respect
and gratitude. And thus will communion be held
with the great leaders of our country in war and
in peace, who wore these swords in her service,
and hallowed them by their patriotism, their valor,
and success.
I will now read to the Senate two letters con-
nected with the circumstance of the presentation—
one from Mr. Nicholson, and the other from Mr.
Vaux, the son-in-law of the late General Arm-
strong.
nashville, February 7, 1855.
dear sir: Doctor w. McNairy left here a few days ago
lor Washington, having in charge the sword ibat General
Jackson before Ins death gave to General Armstrong. The
Doctor was requested by Wilham M. Armstrong, (in whose
keeping it had been left by his father,) to hand it over to
you, on his arrival in Washington. You, 1 believe, were
present at the ume when General Armstrong had the honor
of having it presented to him by hi? distinguished friend.
It is the sword worn by General Jackson in his various
campaigns, and dining the whole lime he remained in the
military service of his country. It is, thcrefoie, justly ic-
garded as a relic of great value. It was General Arm-
strong's wi«?h that it should be placed at the disposal of
Congress, or the Government, with a view to its being
deposited in a .*uitahle place, where, doubtless, millions of
General Jackson'* admiring countrymen will, in time to
come, gladly look on it as the war sword of one, whose
brilliant services in the cause of his country, places his
name m bold relief on the historic page of our beloved
country. No person, I believe, would have been preferred
lo yourself by Geneiat Armstrong, as the medium for pre-
senting the sword to Congress, or the Government, which,
at the request of hw son, you will please do, m such terms
as you may deem proper.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH VAUX.
Hon. A. (J. P. niciiulso.n.
washington-, February 13, 1K>Z.
j)fcur sir: A short time before the death of General
Jackson, f received a note from him, mviimg me to visit
him for a special purpose. I did so, and found, amongst
other things,"he desired to put into my hands the Mvoril
which he had used at the battle of New Orleans, lor the
purpose ot delivering it to the late Genera! Robert Arm-
strong, as a testimonial of warm personal friendship, and as
an evidence of ins high appreciation of his military service,
and Ilia patriouc devotion to the honor oi his country. 1
delivered the sword, as requested, and it was kept by Gen-
eral Armstrong during his life. Smcc his death his family
have concluded that the most proper disposition theycouid
make of it would be to present it to Congress, to be kept a* a
perpetual memeuto of the brilliant achievement with which
it is connected. For this purpose the sword ban been for-
warded to ine, with the request that I would present it to
Congress in the name of General Armstrong's family. It
has occurred to me that 1 could not more appropriately dis-
charge this trust than to place the sword in your hands, and
to ask that you will present it, in such way as you shall
deem most proper. The known relations in public and
private between General Jackson and yourself, as well as
yaur constant friendship for General Armstrong^ seem to
me to render it eminently fit that the presentation-should be
made by you. I, therefore, place the sword at your dis-
posal, and respectfully request that you would UKdertafce to
carry out the wishes of the donors.
I am, very respectfully, your friend,
A. O. P. NICHOLSON.
General lewis cass.
Mr. Cass then delivered the sword to the
Sergeant-at-Arms, who bore it to the desk of the
President of the Senate.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I am fully aware
that, in undertaking to accompany the offer of
the resolution which I propose to send to the Chair
with any remarks upon the public services and
character of the illustrious man, whose name
and whose memory have been so eloquently and
appropriately brought to our notice by the distin-
guished Senator from Michigan, I assume an office
of great delicacy, and one which 1, especially, may
well have some distrust of my ability to perform
in a proper and satisfactory manner; yet, as the
senior representative of the State of Tennessee in
the Senate, I do not feel at liberty to decline it.
In what I propose to say, I must tread with
caution and reserve, or not at all, upon grounds
on which the fires of political controversy raged
with such fierceness, at a period so recent, that the
embers yet smoulder, and may not prudently be
disturbed.
In the great drama of affairs now being enacted
on this continent, the opening act of which was
the Revolution—the closing scenes, I trust, will be
in the far, far, future—Andrew Jackson was, in
his day, a great and successful actor. Whatever
difference of opinion may have existed among his
cotemporaries of the merits of some parts ofhis
performance, yet, as a whole', it received the
plaudits of his countrymen, and a large proportion
of them pronounced it masterly throughout.
General Jackson possessed rare endowments,
and was, indeed, one of the most, if not the most
remarkable man of the age in which he lived. With
but slight and indifferent mental or professional
training and discipline in early life, so generally
regarded as important, if not essential to eminent
success in either of the two great departments of
human effort, the civil and the military, yet, at
the very outset of his military career, he exhibited
talents for command of a high order, and in less
than three years, by his brilliant achievements,
established his reputation as the first military chief
of the country. But this is not all; retiring from
the army when there appeared to be no further
demand for active service, he was in a few years
thereafter elevated to the highest civil station
under the National Government, and for eight
successive years he wielded the power and influ-
ence of his position, as Executive Chief, with such
vigor and address that he was sustained in, and
succeeded in carrying out, all the great measures
of his administration, some of them presenting
questions of the gravest nature, and givin<* rise
| to the most intense excitement; and this, too, in
the face of an opposition combining an amount of
I ability, eloquence, skill, and experience in affairs,
I in both Houses of Congress, but more especially
I !n -the be?atc> greater than was ever witnessed
I before or since. The jars and contentions between
! those great morel elements were sometimes such
j as shook the whole country.
j A man who, having addicted his early manhood
j mainly to the pursuits of private life, without any
i appreciable culture or experience in public affairs
I could thus, when there arose a public exigency of
! sufficient urgency to induce him to enter the pub-
I lie service,pec sultum, as it were, raise himself to
■ the first rank as a military leader, and then, for
, so ong a period, as Chief Magistrate of a great
! and free country, thus direct and controWts civil
administration, must be allowed to have possessed
great capacity. r
. His was no negative or unmarked career, no
; nl«.enr-11^ appearance upon the great theater of
affairs to blaze and dazzle for a moment, and then
pass away forever, but both as a military com-
mander and a civil chief, he left his impress upon
i,ndd?bl"!r7 "3 lnstitiu'0n3 deep, striking, U
It would be idle to assume, as some have done,
that General Jackson was indebted alone, or
chiefly, to fortune and adventitious circumstances
for his extraordinary success. He was such a
man as, when he had once attained position, had
