1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
941
the faculty of creating the circumstances, if he
needed them, necessary to further and continued
successes. Posterity will inquire, with eager
curiosity, the secret of his amazing success—the
distinctive traits of mind and of personal charac-
ter by which he achieved it; some of which they
will probably seek in vain in the pages of cotem-
porary history.
General Jackson had what may be called an
intuitive perception of the passions and interests
by which the mass of mankind are controlled.
He was a shrewd observer of individual charac-
ter, and he was seldom mistaken in his estimate
of the men with whom he associated as friends,
or came in contact with as opponents. He was
devoted to his friends; and the more others op-
posed or denounced them, the more determined he
became to sustain them, and never cast them off,
until they arrayed themselves in open opposition
to his plans and wishes. Nor was he deficient in
courtesy to opponents—not personal enemies—
and could even court them, when he desired or
needed their support, but never by fawning or
unmanly appeals.
His self-reliance was wonderful. He never
despaired of-his fortune. As the obstacles to the
success of any favorite scheme of policy multi-
plied, and the storm of opposition was wildest, it-
was then that one of his most striking traits was
exhibited. He became the soul—the animating
principle of his followers, revived their fainting
courage, reinspired their confidence in his infalli-
bility, and cheered them on to renewed and more
vigorous efforts.
When the emergency required it, no man was
more prompt in coming to a decision. When the
question presented difficulties, and admitted of
deliberation, he counseled with his friends. When
his own conviction was clear, he seldom deferred
to the views of others; and when he once decided
upon his course, he was inflexible and immovable.
He was, emphatically and truly, a man of stern
resolve and iron will; and when opposition to the
accomplishment of his purposes appeared formi-
dable and discouraging, he was apt to become im-
patient of the restraints and trammels of official
and customary routine. He had the courage,
both mora! and physical, to dare and to do what-
ever he thought proper and necessary to the suc-
cessful issue of whatever he had resolved upon.
He was, withal, a patriot, devoted to the honor,
dignity, and glory of his country; and he had the
faculty of persuading himself that whatever meas-
ure or course of policy, either in peace or in war,
he resolved upon, and strongly desired to accom-
plish, was proper, and necessary to the public
welfare.
No man, since the days of Washington, was
more devoted to the union of these States, or
would have more cheerfully laid down his life to
defend and uphold it, than Andrew Jackson.
Many have supposed that General Jackson
was often controlled by passion and resentment,
and that he sometimes embraced measures and
engaged in enterprises without any calculation of
the caances of success or defeat, and reckless of
both. There never was a greater mistake; and
this was the error into which the great opponents
of his measures and policy in the Senate fell; and
the event showed that he had estimated the ele-
ments of his power and the true sources of his
strength with greater sagacity than themselves.
When General Jackson made his first essay in
the art of war, and led the Tennessee volunteers
against a wily foe, formidable from, their numbers
and mode of warfare, many careless observers of
his early career had their misgivings, that a rash
valor and his eager desire to distinguish himseit in
arms, might result in disasterand the unnecessary
sacrifice >of his men; but they were soon unde-
ceived. Those who knew him best and knew him
well) never had any distrust of his discretion asa
military commartder.
But his qualities as a General, and hist powers
of combination in conducting the operations of
an army, were best illustrated and put to the se-
verest test in the campaign of 1814, '15, in ihe
South. It was then that ample scope was given
him for the exercise of his genius and capacity
for military command.
In 1814,' Great Britain, by the overthrow of the
French Emperor, found herself in a condition to
employ the whole of her great naval and military
resources in an effort to humble or to crush the
United States. The first blow fell upon the shores
of the Chesapeake. The seat of the National
Government fell into the hands of the enemy, and
the blackened walls of this Capitol gave warning
of the ruthle.is spirit with which the war was
thenceforth to be conducted. This wound to the
national pride was inflicted at a time when thepub-
licfmances and the public credit were at the lowest
ebb. The recruiting service went on sluggishly,
and gave no promise of an adequate increase of
the regular Army; and the whole of our extended
and almost defenseless sea-coast was exposed to
the attacks of the enemy. Rumors soon after-
wards reached the country that a still moreforfnid-
able armament was to make a descent upon our
shores; but where the storm would burst, there
was no clue to determine. A general gloom, not
without some admixture of despondency, then
I hung over the country.
At a later date it became manifest that the Gulf
| coast was to be the scene of operations. Every day
i the gathering clouds of war in that quarter became
; darker and more portentous. Still it was uncer-
: I tain upon what particular point the bolt would fall;
| but wherever it might fall on that coast it was cer-
i! tain that it would be in the military department,
j the protection and defense of which was assigned
! i to General J.ick^on. All eyes and hopes were now
j| turned upon him. He had already exhibited such
[uncommon energy, skill, and intrepidity in his
:■ conduct of the war against the Creek Indians, as
to inspire some confidence, when there seemed to
be scarcely ground for hope. It was known that
he had no army in the field, save two or three
regiments of regulars, and a single regiment of
mounted Tennessee volunteers, and that there
, were no adequate supplies, either of provisions or
munitions of war, at any point in his command
for conducting military operations upon a large
: scule; but never was confidence so well repaid.
His energy and discretion, and the confidence he
inspired, supplied every dtfkiency.
When it became evident that New Orleans was
to be ihe point of attack, and that the hostile
armament had made its appearance off the Gulf
coast, he called upon the authorities of Jientucky
and Tennessee to send forward their contingents
of militia and volunteers with all dispatch, as the
enemy was approaching. Upon the States threat-
ened wilh invasion he urged the employment of
j all their eneraies and resources to be in readiness
!. to meet the foe. He called, in strains of inspiring
' eloquence, upon the free colored inhabitants of
1 Louisiana to protect their native soil from invasion
and pollution by a foreign enemy. lie offered
pardon, and invoked the very pirates v/ho infested
the neighboring coast to the rescue.
I By these energetic steps General Jackson found
| assembled around him a force of fivethousand men,
I of all arms—all,'save two regiments of the regular
! Army,being volunteers and militia men, and with
j this hastily assembled army, on the 8th of .Tanu-
! ary, he met, and, in a sanguinary battle, overcame
more than double their number of veteran troops,
led by experienced generals, flushed with recent
victory on the battle-fields of Europe, and closed
the war in a blaze of glory. jj
! Mr. President, the sword worn by the victor
j on that day—the man of ttern resolve and iron - j
! will, when gazed upon in unborn ages, will send a |
; thrill through the heart of every true American. ;
1 ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to 1
; introduce " a joint resolution accepting the sword I:
, of General Andrew Jackson, and returning ihe \
thanks of Congress to the family of the late Gen- '!
; era] Robert Armstrong." _ ;
' Unanimous consent was given, and the joint ij
resolution was read twice, and considered as in ii
Committee of the Whole, it is as follov.'s: |
lle^oleed lv t'ie Scarir avd Honse of Representatives I
ol ihe Unite,' States e'" .'huem-.v in Covsres'%' j-
ThU the thanks of HiisCiinaiM he presented to the family I
of tin1 late Oeneral Robert Ariristrmi)?, lor the present of the ,
ewcui iin.ii L'v Genera! Andrew .le.ckKjn. while in the mil-
itary v.---- ,"f his eotimiy : and thai this precion= relic be
hereby accepted m Hie name of lire nation, and be. depos-
ited, tor sale keeping, ill ttie Department of Suite ; and
that .i copy of tlnu resolution he transmuted to the family
of ihe late (5ener.il Robert Armstrong.
i! The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, and ordered to be engrossed
' for a third reading, it was read thethird time, and
j, passed.
I' Mr. GWiN submitted the following; which was
: considered by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Ordered, That the addresses of Mr. Cass and Mr. Bei.l
be entered on the journal: that the resolution and tije
pivnrd he taken to the House of Representatives by tile
Secretary, with a request that the House will concur in the
said reeol'jtion.
PETITIONS.
Mr. WBLLER presented a petition of citizens
of California, praying an appropriation for the
construction of a breakwater at Santa Barbara, on
the Pacific coast; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented resolutions of the
Council of the Legislative Assembly of the Terri-
tory of Minnesota, in favor of the repeal of so
much of the organic law of that Territory as
makes the acts of the Assembly, when not ap-
proved by Congress, null and void; which was
referred to the Committee on Territories.
REPORTS FftOM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. PETTIT, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill from
the House of Representatives for the relief of
James P. Roan, reported it back without amend-
ment, together with a report thereon; which was«
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of J. Williams, on behalf
of his minor children: and also the petition of
David 0. Shattuck, praying for the passage of an
act extending the time for filing claims to lands in ■
California, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill supplemental to an act entitled "An act to
ascertain and settle the private land claims in
California," approved March 3, 1851; which was
read and passed to a second reading. The report
was ordeied to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Joseph Wandestrand, praying a confirma-
tion of his title to a certain tract of land, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill to confirm Joseph
Wandestrand in his title to certain lands; which
was read, and passed to a second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the Committee on Commerce,
who were directed by a resolution of the Senate
to inquire into the subject, reported a bill in rela-
tion to pilotage; which" was read, and passed to a
Second reading.
Mr. GEYER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives for the relief of Fred-
erick Grilling, submitted an adverse report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from tiie Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Lemuel Worster, praying a pension on account of
a disability incurred while employed as a waiter
to a militia officer in the United States service,
during the last war with Great Britain, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Irene Gr. Scarritt,
widow of Jeremiah M. Scturitt, an officer in the
Army of the United States, praying a pension,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for her
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The repou was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
two thousand additions! copics of the letter of
the Secretary of the Treasury, on the subject of
wrought iron beams and girders to be used m the
erection of buildings for the use of the United
States courts, custom-houses, and post ofHces,
reported in favor of printing the same; and the
report was concurred in.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
- was referred a resolution, directing the purchase,
for the use of the Senate, of twenty thousand
copies o f!' The State of the Union, a Documentary
History of the United States, Foreign and Domes-
tic, for'the year 16o4," reported adversely thereon;
and the report was concurred in.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill of the
House to authorize the printing of the Opinions of
the Attorney General, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. MASON, from ihe Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion of the House, authorizing the President to
give the requisite notice to terminate our recipro-
