1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
943
accompanying proviso, to come in at the end of the first
section oi Huuby bill No. 688, without prejudice to valid
preemption ei^ur.is, or bona fide actual settlors, and would,
therefore, seem ju?t and fair to all parlies.
Yours, respeeUully, JOHN WILSON,
Commissioner.
Hon. S. P. Ciia.se, United States Senate.
Mr. CHASE. It will be seen that the amend-
ment which I propose, was drawn at the General
Land Office for the purpose of doing justice to the
heirs of Stephen Johnston; and the letter of the
Commissioner says, it is proper in order to do
justice to all parties. Now, sir, let me state the
case to the Senate.
The Senate, sometime since, passed a bill pro-
posing the sale of the military reserves of the
United States, under the direction of the President;
and the theory upon which that bill was based, as
I understand it, was this: these military reserves
have derived values from the establishment of the
posts of the United States in their immediate
vicinity. They have also derived value, undoubt-
edly, from cultivation by persons who have gone
upon them, sometimes by the permission of the
officers, and sometimes without warrant of law or
any permission, and cultivated the soil. It is the
opinion of the Department that these reserves
ought not to be subjected, as they never have
been hitherto subjected, to ordinary preemption
claims, but should be sold under some regulations
which will do justice to the actual settlers, and
also to the Government of the United States.
This is the purpose which the War Department
seeks to accomplish in respect to these reserves.
Embodying that policy, as I understand, a bill
has passed this House, and is now in the other
House, agreed on in the Committee on Public
Lands, as I am informed by the chairman, carrying
out that policy. It authorizes sales under the
general direction of the President.
That is the general policy in regard to the mili-
tary reserves. In reference to this particular
reserve, a different policy is proposed by the bill
now before the Senate. It is proposed to allow
the settlers upon the lands—no matter whether of
remote or recent date—to enter the lands under
the ordinary preemption law at $1 25 an acre.
Some of those lands are of very considerable
value. I do not pretend to say that it is not proper,
in this particular instance, that there should be a
departure from the general system contemplated
by the general bill; but if there is to be such a
departure, I say that the heirs of Stephen John- j
ston, whose claim I am bound to represent here, i
ought to have the privilege which is contemplated
by this amendment, and I desire to ask the atten-
tion of the Senate to a brief statement showing
what that claim is.
Stephen Jphnston was an employee of the Gov-
ernment during the war of 1812. He was em-
ployed, as I understand, upon a dangerous mis-
sion, and, in the execution of his duties, he was
killed by the Indians. At a subsequent day, the
United States made a treaty with the Indian tribe
by whom he was killed, and they, considering the
loss which the family had sustained in consequence
of the killing of their father by the tribe, made
an appropriation of certain lands for his benefit.
Those lands were situated somewhere near Fort
Wayne, in the State of Indiana.
At a subsequent period the children of this indi-
vidual, who was thus slain in the discharge of his
duty, surrendered those lands to the General Gov-
ernment, desiring to obtain some which were nearer
their own place of residence in Ohio. Difficulties
arose, however, and they were not permitted to
locate other lands. The surrender was accepted,
and a certificate issued authorizing them to locate
it on any other lands of the United States not
subject to preemption; but some peculiar difficul-
ties arose, in consequence of which they were not
able to locate it on the land they desired.
The representative of these children, in August
last offered to purchase a half-section of these
lands. He applied to the Commissioner of the
General Land office to direct the register at Min-
neapolis, within whose district the lands lie, to
permit him to make the entry. The Commissioner
declined, upon the ground that the lands were to
be offered at public sale; that they were valuable
lands which were to be disposed of to the highest
bidder at public sale; and that, therefore, the inter-
ests of the Government would not permit this half-
section to be located by a warrant of the kind
which this family held. An appeal was taken to
the Secretary of the Interior.- I called upon the
! Secretary of the Interior, and I then stated to him
that I thought the controversy was between the
person representing these children and holding this
certificate, and other persons who would be per-
mitted to take the lands at one dollar and twenty-
five cents an acre. The Secretary of the Interior
said that would not be the case; that the Govern-
ment had determined, inasmuch as those lands
had very great value, to insist upon a public sale
of them. Now, this bill proposes to give to the
settlers upon those lands the lands themselves, at
one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre. What
I ask is, that, since they are not to be sold at
public sale, since the only objection which was
made upon the part of the Government to permit-
ting this family to locate their warrant or cer-
! tificate is removed, the Government shall fulfill its
! contract with these persons. That is all. The
! certificate is a pledge to them that they shall have
| the privilege of entering it upon any land not
■ subject to prt-emption. This land was not subject
to preemption. The entry has been made; the
certificate has been tendered at the Land OlRce;
the rights of their representative are fixed, and
this bill does not tal^e them away, if the land is
reserved from public sale. I say the right of the
party was fixed by the tender of the certificate at
the Land Office, unless those lands were to be
offered at public sale. That was conceded by the
officer of the Government, Now, all I ask is, that
the amendment may be adopted, which will give
| to this party the land to which he was entitled.
If the bill be passed, most undoubtedly, it seems
to me, this individual is entitled to the rights which
! he claims. What objection can be made to it'
j It may be said that it will interfere with some
actual settlers; but the amendment itself provides
I that it shall interfere with the rights of no actual
j settlement made at the time of the tender of the
| certificate at the land office. At that time, when
j the rights of the party were fixed, in August last,
! only six months ago, there was no actual settler
on this land; and if there was, his rights are pro-
tected by the amendment. But there was none,
or otherwise the certificate would not have been
tendered. Hence the amendment can do no harm
to anybody, unless it be somebody who has gone
in since August last, for the purpose of obtaining
possession of those lands at $1 25 per acre, know-
ing them to be worth a considerable sum more
than that. If that was the objcct, that person is
not entitled to protection. If, with this entry made
at the land office, in pursuance of a solemn con-
tract with the Government, a person went in and
took possession of the particular "ection of land to
which this entry applies, he has no right to hold
it against the entry. 1 hope, therefore, the amend-
ment wiil be agreed to, notwithstanding the oppo-
sition of my friend from Michigan.
Mr. PEARCE. This amendment is, I under-
stand, likely to be contested. It is late; the Sen-
ate is inattentive and weary; and I think, sir, we
had better husband our strength for some of the
inevitable exhaustions and fatigues of the latter
days of the session. I therefore move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. DOUGLAS and Mr. STUART called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. STUART. I think we can dispose of the
bill even before the yeas and nays can be taken. I
can explain the matter in five minutes. I have for
two weeks 
Mr. DAWSON. Is debate in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
not debatable. The Secretary will call the roll.
The yeas were 19, and the nays 17; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Benjamin, Chase, Clayton,
Dawson, l-'essendeis, Kilzpatuck, Fool, Gillette, Morton,
i'earee, Rusk, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs,
Wade, Weller, Wells, and Wilson—IS).
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, lisiglit, Crodiicad, Cooper, Dous-
las, Geyer, Gwm, Huntrr, James, Jones of Iowa, Mallory,
Mason, Sphsistinn, Seward, Slidell, Stuart, and Wrislit—17.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 26, 1855.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Asbcry Die kins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed bills of the
following titles:
An act to continue the removal of the rocks at
Hell Gate and Diamond Reef, New York har-
bor;
An act for the improvement of the Arkansas
river;
An act making an appropriation to continue the
improvement of the Tennessee river;
An act to continue the improvement of the Hud-
son river, in the State of New York;
An act making an appropriation for refunding
to the citizens of "Wilmington certain moneys
advanced by them and expended by the agent of
the United States in the improvement of the Cape
Fear river, North Carolina;
An act for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Newcastle;
An act for continuing certain public works in
the State of Massachusetts;
An act for the construction of a harbor on the
east side of Reedy Island;
An act for continuing the improvement of Mo-
bile bay;
An act to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Charleston, South Carolina;
An act for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Dubuque, on the Mississippi river, m
the State of Iowa;
An act making appropriations for the improve-
ment of certain harbors on the northern lakes;
An act to establish the collection district of Per-
petun and PortOrfordin the Territory of Oregon,
and to fix the salaries of the officers of the cus-
toms therein; and
An act to prevent mistrials in the circuit courts
of the United States, in certain cases;
In which he asked the concurrence of the
House.
Also, that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, bills of the House of the following
titles:
An act to remodel the diplomatic and consular
systems of the United States; and
An act making an appropriation for the military
defenses at Proctor's Landing, in Louisiana.
Also, that the Senate had passed, with amend-
ment, bills of the House of the following titles; in
which he asked the concurrence of the House:
An act authorizing the corporate authorities of
Georgetown to impose additional taxes, and for
other purposes; and
An act granting certain additional powers to the
eity of Washington.
RIGHT OF WAY IN KANSAS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the bill of the House
(No. G65) granting the right of way to the Wyan-
dot and Pawnee railroad through public landd in
the Territory of Kansas, introduced on Saturday
last by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Disney.] ,
Mr. DICKINSON. I appeal to the gentleman
from Ohio to yield me the floor for a moment, to
enable me to introduce a resolution from the Com-
mittee on the Library, providing for the reprinting
of certain copies-of Wilkes's Expedition.
Mr. PHELPS. I object, and demand the regu-
lar order of business. 1 ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield me the floor for a moment, to enable
me to withdraw the motion made by me in reference
to the bill introduced by him.
Mr. DISNEY. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. PHELPS. On Saturday last 1" moved to
recommit the bill under consideration to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, for the purpose of keep-
ing it before the House. I now desire to with-
draw that motion, and to move an amendment to
the bill, which 1 believe to be preferable to the bill
as it stands. I shall move to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and to insert a substitute for
the bill. And to enable me to offer the amend-
ment, I ask the gentleman from Kansas, [Mr.
Whitfield,] and the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Latham,] to withdraw the amendment sub-
! mitted by them on Saturday.
i Mr. Whitfield and Mr. Lathasi agreed to
[ withdraw their amendments.
Mr. PHELPS. I now propose to offer my
' amendment.
Mr. PECKHAM. I rise to a question of order.
The point of order 1 submit is, that the gentleman
from Ohio cannot yield the floor to allow other
