§46
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
was over. That wasonereason.butnotthemain
one. The Administration had a prejudice against
him on account of Coionc! Burr, with whom he
had been associated in the American Senate, and
to whom he gave a hospitable reception in his
house, at the time of his western expedition, rely-
ing upon hi3 assurance that his designs were
against the Spanish dominion in Mexico, find not
against the integrity of this Union. These were
some of Hie causes, not all, of Jackson's rejection
from Federal military employment.
I was young then, and onfe of his aide, and be-
lie veil in his military talent and patriotism, greatly
attached to him, and was grieved and vexed to
see him passed by when so much incompetence
was preferred. Besides, I was to'go with him,
and his appointment would be partly my own. I
was vexed, as were all his friends, but 1 did not
despair as most of them did. I turned from the
Government to ourselves—to our own resources—
and looked to the chapter of accidents to turn up
a chance for incidental employment, confident that
he would do the rest for himself if he could only
get a start. I was in this mood in my office, a
young lawyer-with more books than briefs, when
the tardy mail of that time, one "raw and gusty
day" in February, 1812, brought an act of Con-
gress authorizing the President to accept organ-
ized bodies of -.volunteers, to the extent of fifty
thousand—to serve for one year—and to be called
into service when some emergency should require
it. Here was a chance. 1 knew that Jackson
could raise a general's command, and trusted to
events for him to be called out, and feltthatone year
was more than enough for him to prove himself. I
drew up a plan—rode thirty miles to his house,
that same raw day in February—rain, hail, sleet,
wind—and such roads as we then had there in
winter—deep in rich mud and mixed with ice. I
arrived at the Hermitage—a name then but little
known—at night fall, and found him solitary,and
almost alone, but not quite; for it was (he evening
mentioned in the " Thirty Years' View," when I
found him with the lamb and the child between
his knees. 1 laid the plan before him. He was
struck with it—adopted it—acted upon it. We
began to raise volunteer companies. While this
was going on an order arrived from the War De-
partment to the Governor, (Willie Blount,) to de-
tach fifteen hundred militia to the Lower Missis-
sippi, the object to meet the British, then expected
to make an attempt on New Orleans. The Gov-
ernor was a friend to Jackson, and to his country.
He agreed to accept his three thousand volunteers
instead of the fifteen hundred drafted militia. He
issued an address to his division. I galloped to
the muster grounds and harangued the young
men. The success was ample. Three regiments
were completed—Coffee, William Hall, Benton,
the colonels; and in December, 1812, we descended
the Cumberland and the Mississippi in a fleet of
Hat-bottomed boats, and landed at Natchez. There
v/e got the news that the British would not come
that winter—a great disappointment, and a fine
chance lost.
-We remained ki camp, six miles from Natchez,
waiting ulterior orders. In March they came—
not orders for further service, or even to return
home, but to disband the volunteers where they
were. The command was positive, in the name
of the President, and by the then Secretary at
War, General Armstrong. I well remember the
day—Sunday morning, the 23th day of March,
1813. The first I knew of it was a message from
the General to come to hiai at his tent; for, though
as colonel of a regiment I had ceased to be aid,
yet my place had not been filled, and I was sent
for as much as ever. He showed me the order,
and also his character, in his instant determination
riot to obey it, but to lead his volunteers home.
He had sketched a severe answer to the Secretary
at War, and gave it to me to copy, and arrange
the matter of it. It was very severe. I tried hard
to get some parts softened, but impossible. I
have never seen that letter since, but would know
it if I should meet it in any form, anywhere, with-
out names. I concurred with the General in the
determination to take home our young troops.
He then called a " council" of the field officers, as
he called it, though_ there was but little of the
council in it—the only object being to hear his
determination, and take measures for executing it.
The officers were unanimous in their determina-
tion to support him; but it was one of those cases
in which he would have acted, rtot only without,
but against a 11 council."
The officers were unanimous $nd vehement
their determination, as much so as the general was
himself; for the volunteers were composed of the
best young men of the country—farmers' sops,
themselves clever young men, since filling high
offices in the State and the Federal Government-
intrusted to these officers by their fathers, in full
confidence that they would act a father's part by
them; and the recreant thought of turning them
loose, on the lower Mississippi, five hundred
miles from home without the means of getting
home, and a wilderness and Indian tribes to tra-
verse, did not find a moment's thought in any one's
bosom. To carry them back was the instant and
indignant determination; but great difficulties were
in the way. The cost of getting back three thou-
sand men, under such circumstances, must be
great, and here Jackson's character showed itself
again. We have all heard of his responsibilities—
his readiness to assume political responsibility
when the public service required it: he was now
equally ready to take responsibility of another kind
—moneyed responsibility! and that beyond the
whole ext«nt of his fortune! He had no military
chest—not a dollar of public money—and three
thousand men were not to be conducted five hun-
dred miles through a wilderness country and In-
dian tribes without a great outlay of money.
Wagons were wanted, and many of them, for
transport of provisions, baggage, and the sick, so
numerous among new troops. He had no money
to hire teams; he impressed: and at the end of
the service gave drafts upon the quartermaster
general of the southern department (General
Wilkinson's) for the amount. The wagons were
ten dollars a day, coming and going. They were
numerous. It was a service of two months: the
amount to be incurred was great. He incurred
it! and, as will be seen, at imminent risk of his
own ruin. This assumption on the General's part
met the first greatdifliculty, but there were lesser
difficulties, still serious, to be surmounted. The
troops had received no pay: clothes and shoes
were worn out: men were in no condition for a
march so long, and so exposed. The officers had
received no pay—did not expect to need money—
had made no provision for the unexpected con-
tingency of large demands upon their own pockets
to enable them to do justice to their men. But
there was patriotism outside of the camp, as well
as within. The merchants of Natchez put their
stores at our disposition—take what we needed—
pay when convenient at Nashville. 1 will name
one among these patriotic merchants—name hira
because he belongs to a class now struck at, and
because 1 do notignore a friend when he is struck.
Washington Jackson was the one I mean—Irish
by birth, American by choice, by law, and feeling,
and conduct. I took some hundred pairs shoes
from him for my regiment, and other articles: and I
proclaim it here, that patriotic men of foreign birth
may see that there are a plenty of Americans to
recognize their merit—to name them with honor
in high places—and to give them the right ha rod of
friendship when they are struck at.
We all returned—were discharged—dispersed
among our homes—and the fine chance on which
we had so much counted, was all gone. And now
came a blow upon Jackson himself—the fruit of the
moneyedresponsibilitywhichhshad assumed. His
transportation drafts were all ■protested—returned
upon him for payment, .which was impossible—
and directions to bring suit. This was the month
of May. 1 was coming en to Washington on my
own account, and cordially took charge of Jack-
son's case. Suits were delayed until the result of
his application for relief could be heard. I arrived
at this city: Congress was in session—the extra
session of the spring and summer of 1013. I
applied to the members of "Congress from Ten-
nessee: ihey could do nothing. I applied to the
Secretary at War: he did nothing. Weeks had
passed away, and the time for delay was expiring
at Nashville. Ruin seemed to be hovering over the
head of Jackson, and I felt the necessity of some
decisive movement. I was young then, and had
some material in me—perhaps some boldness;
and the occasion brought it out. 1 resolved to
take a step, characterized in the letter which I
wrote to the General, as " an appeal from the justice
to the fears of the Administration." 1 remember the
words, though I have never seen the letter since.
I drew up a memoir addressed to the Secretary At
War, representing to hin  that these volunteers
were drawn froin the bosojas of almost every
substantial family in Teaziessee;—that the whole
State stood by Jackson in bringing them home-—
and that the State would be lost to the Adminis-
tration, if he was left to suffer. It was upon this
last argument that I relied—all those founded 111
justice having failed. It was of a Saturday morn-
ing, 12th of June,, that I carried this memoir to th|
War Office, and delivered it. Monday moramg f
came back early, to learn the result of my argu-
ment. The Secretary was not yet in. I spoke
to the chief clerk, (then the afterwards Adjutant
General Parker,) and inquired if the Secretary
had left any answer for me before he left the
office on Saturday. He said no; but that he had
put the memoir in his side pocket—the breast
pocket—and carried it home with him, saying; he
would take it for his Sunday's consideration.
That encouraged me—gave a gleam of hope—
and a feeling of satisfaction. I thought it a good
subject for his Sunday's meditation. Presently
he arrived, f stept in before anybody to hia
office. He told me quickly, and kindly, that there
was much reason in what X had said, but that there
was no way for him to do it—that Congress would
have to give tbe relief. I answered nira that I
thought there was a way for him tor do it: it was
to give an order to General Wilkinson's quarter-
master general in the southern department, to pity
for sotnuoh transportation as General Jackson'a
command would have been entitled to if it had
returned under regular orders. Upon the instant he
took up a pen, wrote down the very words I had
spoken, directed a clerk to put them into form; aqti
the work was done. Tbe order went off immedi-
ately, and Jackson was relieved from imminent
impending ruin, and Tennessee remained firm ta
the Administration.
Thus, this case of responsibility was oyer, but
the original cause of our concern was still jn full
force. Jackson was again on his farm, unem-
ployed, and the fine chance gone which had flat-
tered us so much. But the chapter of accidents
soon presented another—not so brilliant"as New
Orleans had promised, and afterwards realized—
but sufficient for the purpose. The massacre at
Fort Mimms took place. The banks of the Mo-
bile river smoked with fire and blood. Jackson
called up his volunteers, reinforced by some mili-
tia, marched to the Creek nation—and there com-
menced that career of victories which soon-extorted
the commission which had so long been denied tt>
his merit, and whieh ended infilling the "measure"
of his own "arid his country's glory." And
that, Mr. Chairman, was the way in which this
great man gained the privilege of using that sword
for his country which, after triumphing in many
fields whieh it immortalized, has come here, to
repose in the hands of the representatives of a
grateful and admiring country. ,
The resolution was ordered to be read a third
time; and being read a third time, it was unaui-
mously passed.
publication op the proceedings.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move that fifty thou-
sand copies of the proceedings in both Houses,
including the speeches of Senators and Members,
on the occasion of the presentation of the sword
pf General Andrew Jackson to Congress, fee
printed for the use of members. 4
Mr. BRIDGES. I move to amend by pro-
viding for the printing of one hundred thousand
copies instead of fifty thousand.
Mr. WAL.BRIDGE. I accept the gentleman's
amendment.
The question was taken; and the motion, as
modified, was agreed to.
mrs. helen mackay.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benton] was upon the floor when the
House, by unanimous consent, proceeded to the
consideration of the message from the Senate.
Mr. BENTON. 1 move that the Committee of
the Whole House be discharged from the further
consideration of Senate bill (No. 170) for the relief
of Mrs. Helen Mackay, administratrix of Lieu-
tenant Colonel jEneas Mackay, late a deputy
quartermaster in the United States Army.
[Cries of " Read the bill for information !"]
The bill was read through. It directs the proper
