1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
949
accounting officers of the Treasury, in settling the
accounts of Lieutenant Colonel Mackay, deceased,
deputy quat cermaster general in the United States
Army, to allow, as a credit for $25,000, the receipt
of Captain McKissack for that amount, dated
May 1,1^47, as well as the receipt of Captain Mc-
KjV?ack for a similar amount, dated August 14,
18'*7. And also, that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury pay to Mrs. Helen Mackay, administratrix of
Colonel ^Kneas Mackay,out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, whatever
balance may be found due her late husband upon
a final settlement of his accounts in the manner
directed by the first section of the act.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object to the motion for
discharging the committee from that bill.
Mr. DENTON. I wish to suspend the rules,
in order that the bill may be brought before the
House for consideration.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended for the purpose indicated.
Mr. BENTON, t now move that the bill be
read a third time and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for the
previous question on the thud reading of the
bill.
The call for the previous question received a
second, and the main question was ordered to be
now put.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was read a third time.
Mr. WASI-IUCJIINE. I call for the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The call for the previous question received a
second, and the main question was ordered to be
now put.
. The b'll was then passed.
Mr. WASHBUnNE. I move to recon&ider
the vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to-.
EXPLORING EXPEDITION.
Mr. DICKINSON. I offer the following joint
resolution:
E,esolveii, That ten thousand copies of the narrative and
scientific reports of the exploring expedition under Captain
Charles Wilkes, of the United States Navy, be printed and
bound, under the direction ot the joint committee on the
hbiaiy, and that the bnoks be distributed as lollowe: One
copy or set of the whole work to eaeh member of the pres-
ent Congress; one copy or set of the whole work to some
hbraiyor literary institution easily accessible to the public
m each congressional distuct, to be designated by the Rep-
resentative of til at district; and one copy or set of the
whole work to bo placed in some hteraty institution or
library by each Senator; the remainder of the copies to be
distributed m the u&ual mode by the State Department.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. That
book has been already printed and distributed.
Mr. DICKINSON. I move a suspension of
the rules for the purpose which I have indicated.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is now before
the House.
At the request of several fhembers the joint res-
olution was a^ain read.
Mr. DICKINSON. I demand the previous
question upon the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts aliow me to make a \
single son? ;
Mr. DICKINSON. No,sir; X do not yield the
floor.
Mr. STANTON. My proposition is this: the
resolution proposes that this work shall be printed ;
under the direction of the Joint Committee on the j
Library. Under that authority they will have the 1
right to have it printed wherever they please. It 1
seems to me that the wotk should be done under ,
the direction of the Committee on Printing, and |
by the public printer of the House. I would sug- I
gest to the gentleman, therefore, that he modify
his resolution "so as to make it printed by the
public printer.
[Cries of" No!" "No!"]
Mr. DICKINSON. I do not modify my reso-
lution.
Mr. STANTON. I have one more suggestion
to make. Unless the printing of this work is con-
fined to the public printer, to be regulated by the
prices fixed by Congress, it will cost infinitely
more than there is any necessity for.
[Cries of " Order !"]
Mr. DICKINSON* I do not accept the propo-
sition of the gentleman. I demand the previous
question upon the passage of the resolution.
s The previous questi&n was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order,
the main question having been ordered to be put.
Mr. RUSSELL. Is it in order to inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts how much the
printing of this work, as proposed in his resolu-
tion, will cost?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. DICKINSON. I wish the House would
hear me one minute in reference to the inquiry of
the gendemrm from Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. No remarks are in order.
Mr. DICKINSON. It will cost glGO-OOO. The
House, some years ago, authorized the work to
be printed, at a cost of about $1,000,000. Only
one hundred copies were ordered to be published,
which were distributed to the different States of
the Union, and to foreign nations.
Mr. KEITT. I call the gentleman to order.
The main question has been ordered to be put.
Mr. DICKINSON. I must be heard by the
House. The plates were prepared at all this cost,
and only one hundred copies ordered to be printed.
They are not worth a dollar, unless they are
applied to this purpose.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it contemplated that the
public printer shall print this work? I want to
ask one question, and I want to hear an answer.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am not debating, I merely
wish to ask a question.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
IIcuss that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
shall ask a question in reference to the resolution
under consideration ?
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. HAMILTON. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and decided in the
negative—yeas 6G, nays 101; as follows:
YE\3—Meesr*. Aiken, Apoleton, Bank1?, Bennett, Ben-
son, Bri-stow, Burj, Campbell, Carpenter, Oarutnei*,
Chamheilain, OhPtidlei. Oha*e, Cook, Ciocker, Cummin?.
Cum?, Thomas ]);ivjp, He Witt, Dick, Dunbar, Edniand^,
Thomas D. Eliot, EtheiFlagler, Giddingts, Goodneh,
Goodwin, Giey, Aaron ILulan, Howe, flushes Hunt, >
Kerr, Lamb, Lewi-1, McCulloch, McDousralh Maurice, :
Mr.ach;im, MuMlewvarth, Murray, Norton, Parker, Peck, i
Piatt. Pringle, fliddifi, llowc, Sabin, Sapp, John L. Tay- ;
lor, Teller, Tiacy, Twied, tTpham. Wade, Walker, Wui- |
]r y, Ellihu B W.'f-himrne, Welte, John Went worth, Tap- j
pan Wentwo'th, Wcstbrook, and Wheeler—66.
3VAYS—Abercrooibie, James C. Allen, David J.
Bailey, Bail, Bark>dale, Barry, Breckinridge, Bridges, j
Brooks, Caskie. Chastam, Clmsman, Clark, Cobb, Craigo, J
John G. Davij, Dawson, Dickinson, Dowdcll. Dunham, j
Ea<naan, E idv, EdcertoH, Edmund^on, John M. Elliott, j
Eilhon, English, Faulkner, Florence, Fuller, Gamble,
Goode, Green. Greenwood, Hamilton, Andrew J. Harlan,
Sampson W Harris, Wiley P. Hatns, Hasting, Hendricks,
Jlenn, ihbbard, Uiester, "Houston, George W. Jone^, J.
Glancy Jones Roland Jones?, Ividwell, Lane, Letcher,
Lmdolev, Macdonald, McMulhn, MeNr.tr, McQnecn,
Macy, Slattern, Maxwell, May, Mayali, Mnlson, .Morn- >i
son, Mordecai Oliver, Packei, Bis-hop Perkm?, John Per- ,i
km*, Phillip?. Poweil, Preston, Purjear, Ileady, Ilres.0, i'
Pvobbins Ruffin, Russell. Reward, Seymour, Shaw, Show- j
or, Simmons Sin !etoti, Samuel A. Smith. William -Minth, I
George W. Sm>lh. Soilers, Frederick P. Stanton. Richard j
H. Stanton, Stiatton, Straub, Andrew Stuart, David Stu-
art, John J Taylor. Nathaniel G. Tayioi, Thur-ion, Tiout,
Vacant, Wa'.-h, J=rae! Was-hburn, Daniel B. Wright,
Hcndnck B. Wright, and ZohicoiTer—101.
So the resolution was rejected.
Mr. RICHARDSON, pending the call of the
roll, stated that if he had been within the bar
when his name was called, he should have voted
in opposition to the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was rejected, and
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the rules be sus-
pendedj and that the House re.solve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. WITTE. T ask the gentleman to with-
draw that motion for one moment.
Mr. PHELPS. I cannot give way further,
Mr. WITTE. Only for one moment. I desire
to appeal to the gentleman from Missouri that he
will extend to me the same courtesy that he this
morning extended to his colleague, [Mr. Benton ]
Mr. PHELPS. I am compelled to refuse to
accede to the request of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania,
Mr. WITTE. There is a bill upon the Speak-
er's table which I desire to take up and have
passed. It will occupy but a moment. There
will be no opposition. 1 have not taken up the
timeof the House. I have too much regard for
the public business 
Mr. PHELPS. I cannot yield the floor. X
insist upon my motion. I demand tellers upon
my motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ready and
Edmukdson were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 75, noes 50.
So the motion was agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee ofthe "Whole on the state of theXJnion,
(Mr. Millson in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of House bill (No. 579) making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1856.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that there is no amendment now pending.
Mr. WELLS, Yea, sir; 1 offered an amend-
ment which was*pending at the time the commit-
tee rose.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair ruled that
amendment out of order.
Mr. WELLS. And I appealed from that de-
cision of the Chair, and the appeal was pending
when the committee rose.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair will state
the pending; question. On Saturday the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Wells] submitted an
amendment to the twenty-seventh line of the bill.
The Chair ruled that amendment out of order.
The gentleman from Wisconsin appealed frota
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. HAVEN. Whatis the amendment?
Mr. LETCHER. Let it be read.
The Clerk read the amendment:
In line twenty-seven which reads " For six steam- frigates
s'trike out "three" and insert "two1' hi
ih.:u ni'rooi', mid a'iu. at the oik! of the line, ihe following:
And the Secretary of the N:ivy is hereby directed to sus-
pend the farther construction of three of the six steatn-
frirr-ites authorized to lie lnnit at the last session, as scon as
it can be done, with a dee regard lor tile preservation of the
unfinished works until the other three are completed^
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to say a few words in
explanation of this matter, and I think that the
gentleman from Wisconsin will himself sea that
the amendment ought not to be adopted'.
Mr. PECKHAM. I call the gentleman from
Missouri to order.
Mr. WELLS. I ask that I may be heard for a
few minutes
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remind the
gentleman that the appeal is not now debatable,
the debate upon this bill having been closed by a
resolution of the House.
Mr. (TENDRICKS. I would suggest to the
Chair that the general debate may continue under
that resolution for five minutes, and the gentleman
can have that time to speak in.
Mr. PIIELPS. I understand that the gentle-
man from Wisconsin desires information in regard
to this matter, rather than that his amendment
shnU be adopted.
Mr. WHEELER. Is that in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
M r. W H E ELE R. Th en 1 obj ect to it. _
Mr. WALSH. The gentleman from Missouri
grants no favors, and he ought not to expect them
i from others.
; Air. WELLS. I will modify my amendment
! fo as merely to strike out " three," and insert
j " two."
i The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman with-
draw his appeal ?
Mr. WELLS. I withdraw it for the present.
The CHAIRMAN. If the appeal is with-
drawn, it will not be in order for the gentleman to
renew it.
Mr. WELLS. I wish simply to state 
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The Chair
wants to know whether the gentleman is about to
speak or the question of appeal t
Mr. WELLS. I ask that I may be heard for
