93&
TMM COHeRE^IQNAL €&Q9£i..
February WK
Mr. PECKHAM. Oh, no. The gentleman is
mis taken.
' Mr. PHELPS. Well he certainly does not
desire that the contract ma<je by ths Government
of the United States with Robert L. Stevens, who
resides in JNe«r York, should be executed and
carried out.
Mr. WHEELER. He does not reside in New
York.
Mr. PHELPS. Well, if he does not reside in
New York, he reside in Hoboken, which is in the
suburbs of the city of New York.
Mr. PECKHAM. The -gentleman has mis-
conceived me. I offered my amendment in ac-
cordance with the usage here, not to be voted upon,
but for the purpose of making a few general re-
marks; but upon this, as upon every other occasion
I am in favor of the Government executing its
contracts honorably afid entirely.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman now acknowl-
edges that he has trespassed upon the well known
rules of the House.
[<Pries of "Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. PECKHAM. The gentleman from Mis-
souri was never more mistaken. My remarks
■were entirely pertinent to my amendment, and
that amendment, being in order, I had the right to
discuss it.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman shows that he
does not know what he is talking about. [Laugh-
ter.] This war steamier was ordered to be con-
structed for the purpose of harbor defenses, and
for that alone, and not for navigating the ocean,
but for navigating the harbor of New York only;
and that upon a plan which was submitted to Con-
gress at the time Congress directed the Secretary
Of the Navy to make a contract with Robert L.
Stevens for the construction of a steamer for har-
bor defenses alone. Two hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars were appropriated, but a portion of it
went back into the surplus fund of the Treasury,
not being c,alkd for within two years after the
appropriation was made.
Mr. PECKHAM. Does the gentleman pre-
tend that that steamer may not go to any place the
President of the United States may think proper
to send it? He is the commander-m-chief of the
Army and Navy.
Mr. PHELPS. The amount proposed to be
appropriated here is nothing more than has been
recommended by the naval officer superintending
the construction of that vessel as needed, and
needed at the present moment.
Congress, in 18!?2, after the money before appro-
priated had gone into the surplus fund of the
Treasury .directed that the contract should be ex-
ecuted, and the Secretary of the Navy directed
that the money which had gone into the surplus
fund should be reappropriated.
The Secretary of the Navy, if he were consulted
in reference to the matter, would declare, at once,
that he had no desire to violate the contract. If
the money be required, and it is so reported by
the officer superintending the construction of that
vessel, 1 hold that the appropriation should be
made.
Mr. PECKHAM, by unaimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. I offer the following amend-
ment:
After the paragraph providing (or contingent expenses,
insert as follows:
Thru the law approved the 3d of March, 1813, directing
advertisements for materials for the Navy be so restored
as to require a full description of each and every article to
be furnished, with dates and places of delivery : Provided,
the price to be paid for all advertisements for the supplies
of the Government, shall hereafter be the tame, and no
more, than is charged others who occupy a similar place
and position in newspapers in which such advertisements
are published.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
The amendment is not in order for the reasonthat
it,changes the existing law. !t restores that por-
tion of the law repealed at the last sesMon.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment out of oider.
Mr. FLORENCE Itonly proposes to do what
a similar amendment to the naval bill did at the
last session.
Mr. PHELPS. What the gentlemen refers to
jau done by joint resoluticn.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 aj peal to the Journal of
the House. It will bear oi t what I have said.
Mr. LETCHER. Ths "amendment has been
decided to be out of order, and I would inquire
whether debate can be allowed?
Mr.. FLORENCE. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair, and beg to state th.e ground of my
appeal.
The CH^I&MAN. The Chair would cheer-
fully reconsider its decision, if the gentleman could
suggest anything to show that it was wrong.
Mr. FLORENCE. I suggest that a similar
provision was introduced into the naval appropri-
ation Ijill.at the last session.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman is mistaken.
What he allude? to was accomplished by a joint
(esylutio.n, approved on the 27th March.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will look over the Journal,
and, with the facts before 'me, will renew the
amendment at some bther point in the bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Strike out (he words "and grounds" and the word,
" thirty," and in lieu thereof insert" twenty-five," so that
tlif paragraph would read:
For repair of buildings, for tho necessary additions and
repairs to the works for heating the buildings, and support
of the Naval Academy, at AnaapoliSjMaryJand, $25,040 22,
and add as follows:
For continuing the sea-wall along the northern front of
the Naval Academy grounds, grading and filling in low
grounds, and for keeping the grounds m order, $23,000.
Mr. Chairman, this is a modification of the bill
as it was reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means. The amendment is offered at the in-
stance of that committee.
Mr. SOLLERS. According to the estimates of
the Secretary of the Navy, which I have read, he
proposes the sum of $39,000.
Mr. PHELPS. There is $35,000 appropriated
in the,preceding paragraph.
Mr. SOLLERS. What is the whole amount
proposed to be appropriated for the Naval Acad-
emy at Annapolis?
Mr. PHELPS. Forty-eight thousand dollars.
Mr. SOLLERS. I have no objection to that.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I am instructed by the'Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to propose several
amendments respecting the different navy-yards.
If it be the pleasure of the committee, I will move
them all at once.
[Cries of <{A.greed!"]
Mr. PHELPS. When we'took up this bill, I
explained that the Committee of Ways and Means
reported in the bill the objects in the jjavy-yatds
for which appropriation's were to be made, but
without reporting the amounts. They were left
for future consideration. In addition, the com-
mittee had before them official estimates for the
purpose of perfecting the buildings and machinery
necessary for constructing: steam-engines at the
Boston, New York, and Norfolk navy-yards.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means propose the following:
Page in line mneiy-tbree, after the word "basin,5
strike out tho words " offices and muster-room."
Post* f>,in line ninety-four, affcjr the word " ledge," insert
the words " hank of umber shed."
Page f , in line ninety-five, after the word " floating-
dock," insert the words <kfor a new shell house, tor the
safe keeping of 5-heils."
>S3tno page and line, after the word "kinda," insert
" $5832.">8.
So Mint the paragraph will road :
PorUmouths Neto Hampshire.—For completing cooper's
shop arid watchmen'.-* qiiartorp; dmljnng front of ba^n;
dock basin; eewer and diauia# ; r jiiiov>o^ bank of
timber shed; paving; fluc-boilcr at fcimfher.v; repairs of
floating-dock; ior a new sbrji-liou^o lor &ai«>kecping of
shells; and repairs of all kintH, £f>b3:23£.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. The next amendment is the
following:
Page 5, in line ninety-nine, after the word •' sniithery,"
sttikn out the word* " copper and iion store, and paint
fchop."
PiigHo,in line one hundred and two, after the word " thir-
ty," strike out.the words'" two gas pipe-; and burners for
the yard, commandant's and oflieers' quarters," and insert
the word " three."
Page 5, in line one hundred and six, after the word " rope-
walk," strike out the words <• oakum pn-ker," and insert
" romplrtjrsy foundery, boiler, and machine->hop, and ne-
cessaiy tools for tho panic."
Page 5, in line one hundred and six, after the word
" kind'," m-v-rt
So that the paragraph will read :
ISoslon.—For removing and altering coal-house at smith-
eiy ; stone wall -north side ot timber-dock, and filling area
around machine-shop and sroithery ; packing hou^e and
cooperage; rebuilding dock-engine boiler-house; paving
area around dry docfri pavipe between jsheds nupbers thirty
one and thirty-three; "extension of city sewer to sea-wall %
finishmgcoal-houseat rope-walk \ machinery for machine-
shop and. amiUiery; steam-engine and puropfor rope-waifc. j
completing foundery, boiler, and machine-shop., and neces-
sary topis for the same; ai*d,repair3 of ail kinds, .$255,352.
The estimates of the Navy Department for this
yard were at first for $226,900, and subsequent
estimates were sent in for $62,100, makiag, in all,
$289,000. The committee reduced -the amount to
§255,352, which they now propose to insert/
Mr. BANKS. I should like to know wh# the,
committee propose to strike out the ii^na for" gas.
pipes and burners at that point?
Mr. PHELPS. The committee thought it wets
not expedient to provide for them at this time.
The question was taken; and the amendment
agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. The next aineadment is the
following:
Page 5, in line one hundred and eleven, after, the word,
"grading," strike out the \yords " filling in new purchase,
and repairs of all kinds," and insertuoakum picker and
completing foundery, boiler, and machine-shop, and ma-
chinery for the same, {$345,946.
" For the sum required to pay the amount due for iroij
work for engine-house, $9,500.
" For repaiis of ail kinds, $25,000."
So that the paragraph wiH read:
New York.—For the extension of smithery; machinery
for smith pry; carpenter's shop; oakum' shop; quay wall;
paving and flagging ; dredging channels ; timber and knee'
slip; dry dock pavement; tilling in low places an£- grading;
oakum picker, and completing the foundery, boHer, anji
machine-shop, and machinery for the same, $-345,948.
For the sum required to pay amount due iQ? iron work
for engine house, $9,GOO.
For repairs of all kinds, $25,000.
I will merely state that that is a reduction on
the estimates which were submitted to, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
The question was put; and t)ie, amendment,
agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee: of Ways and
Means next propose to amend, as follow®:
rage 6, in line one hundred and sixteen, aftet. tba ward
" kinds,".insert <l$-76,700."
£o that the paragraph will read:
Philadelphia—Foradding sixty feet to ship-house F; roof
of ship-house F ; loof to ship-houseG; wharf No. 4 ; dredg-
ins; channels; repairs of dry dock; and repairs of ail kinds
$70,700.
The question was put; and the amendment,
agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and'
Means next propose to amend-as.follaws:
Page 6, in line one hundred and eighteen, after the word*
"building," striking out the words "to refund amount
boriowed Iroin machinery."
Page 6, in hue ono hundred and twenty five, after tba
word "water," insert "gas pipes and fixtures;",
Pajre G. m line one hundred.and twenty-five,aftert&e
won} <l kind?," insert " jjj:192,38(>."
So that the paragraph will read as follows :
Washington—For ordnance building ; completing cradle,
to marine railway; extcn&ion of boiler-shop;' conveisiorr
ot ordnance to machine shop; forge-shop forSnew steam
hammer; shoring ways iri ship.house T ; lining walls qf
klip; pavements, drains, anil gutters; grading and flllinfr
low places; raiding roof of brass foundery; fire-engine
house; dredging channels; reservoir for water, gas nines,
and fixtures; and repairs of all kinds, $192,3SS
This m in accordance with the estimates sub-,
mitted to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Tne question v aa put; and the amendment
agreed to.
^ Mr. PHELPS, The next amendment is as-
follows:
Pago 6, line one hundred and thirty, after the word
'* denleks," strike out the wotds "cart-shed, lime and
comont Murc-hou^e," and insert '^completing foundery,
same*"" machine-shop, and necessary tools for the
Page 6, in line one hundred and thirty-two, aiter the
word e' kinds,'5 {< $321,317 j" '
so that the paragraph wisl read :
Norfolk.--}?m continuing quay-wall; reservoirs for rain
water; dredging ch uinels ; foundery ; engine of drv dock*
carpenters' work-shop; rail tracks and car.-? at St. IlrMia •
scowa ; landing eranoj-., and dnmcki; completing fomulery'
hoikr and machine qmp, and accessary t' ols fyi the same •
kmd^l'SLo!"'.1 b°!l0rai pUclvhouse i 1111(1 rePau's of all
This is also less than, the amount estimated for
by the Department.
The question was put, and the motion agreed to-.
Mr. PHELPS. The committee next propose
to amend as follows:
Va'jo G, nt line one hundred and thirty-five, after the
^CnisionV'"g' fetrik« ou* the word*   removing,""sunk,"
-^1ie one hundred and thirty-eight, after tho
sh u i 1 - h o u=e!10 u 5 e' strikeout the words " wail around
Page 7, in line one hundred and forty, after, the word.
