1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
955
sequent acts, th« sum of $20,000 r Provided, That said vol-
ume shall bo so condensed as to embrace all the material
now, or to be collected, and not interior in any respect to
the preceding volumes, and to be completed wi hia two
yeai* from Hie passage of tins act: And provided farther
That <-aid compilation shall ^subjected, before publication,
to revision by the Secretary of the interior, with a view to
the curtailment in the work of all matters useless, irrele*
vant, or inconsistent with the objects of tile work.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in this amend-
ment, with the following amendment:
To Ptrike out " $20,000," and insert" $17,200."
Mr. BENSON. Z would ask the gentleman
from New York whether the object of the Senate
amendment will not be defeated by adopting the
amendment he has offered ?
Mr. HAVEN. I can inform my friend from
Maine that the difference between " $20,000" and
" $17,200" is a matter in reference to some cletk
hire which the Commissioner on Indian Affairs
refused to recommend. He thought it ought not
to be allowed.
The question was taken; and the amendment
"was agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended, was
then concurred in.
The forty-second amendment of the Senate was
then read, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That section four of the " Act
making appropriations tor the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the year ending
June 30, 1855, and for oiher purpose?,'5 approved 31st July,
1854, shall not be so construed as to interfere.with an act
entitled "An act to authorize the President of the United
States to cause to be surveyed the tract of land in the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota belonging: to the half breed? or mixed
bloods of the Dacotah or Moiix nation of Indians, and for
other purposes," approved July 17, 1854: Provided, That
so much of the money appropriated by the firat named act
as may be necessary to carry out the last named act shall
be applicable thereto.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
The forty-third amendment of the Senate was
then read, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the Inte-
rior is hereby authorized and required to cause to be paid
to the North Carolina Cherokees, embraced in the roll of
John O. Mullay, or the legal representativosof such of them
as have died since their enrollment, the sum of $53 33,
respectively, for the expenses of their removal and subsist-
ence, now held m trust by the United States according to
the terms of the fourth section of ihe act of29th July, Anno
Domini 1848 ; for which purpose ther« is hereby appropri-
ated the sum of $'42,290 69: Provided, That each and
every Indian, so receiving such payment m full, shall give
his assent thereto: Jind provided further, That s-aid Sec-
retary shall be fir&t satisfied that the State of North Caro-
lina has, before such payment, by some appropriate act,
agreed that said Cheiokees may remain permanently in that
State, anything in the treaty of I835-'36 to the contrary not-
withstanding.
Mr, HAVEN The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in this amend-
ment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
Forty-fourth amendment:
Sec. 4. .find be it further enacted,That the eighth section
of the act approved 31st July, 1854, authorizing the pay-
ment of per capita allowance to Cherokees east of the
Mississippi, be so amended as to authorize the payment of
all such Oherolces a^, being properly entitled, were omit-
ted on the roil of D. W. Siler, from any cause whatever.
Mr. HAVEJf. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence.
The question was put; and the amendment was
concurred in.
Forty-fifth amendment:
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That to enable the
President of the United States to carry out iri good faith the
recent treaties with the Ottoes and Missourias, Omahas,
Delawares, loways, Sacs and Foxes of Missouri, Kicka-
poos, and the united tribes of Kaskaskias and Peorias,
Pianket-haws and Weas, Shawnees, and Miamies, there
shall bo, and hereby is, appropriated the sum of $20,000,
in addition to the appropriations heretofore made, for the
execution of the surveys required by said treaties; and
where the net proceeds of the lands ceded by either of said
treaties are required to be paid over to the Indians, the
Piesident >hall cause said lands to be classified and valued;
and when such classification and valuation have been made
to his satisfaction, he shall cause said lands to be offered at
public sale, by legal subdivisions or town lots, at such times
and places, and in such manner and quantity, as to him
shah appear proper and necessary lo carry out faithfully the
stipulations in said treaties and said lands shall not be
sold at public or private sale for a less price than that fixed
bv the valuation aforesaid, till otherwise directed by Jaw :
Provided, That the President may order a new treaty to be
made with the Delawares, loways, Weas, Peorias, Kas-
kaskias, and Piankeshaws, or such of them as he may
deem necessary.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means in this case recommend a concurrence in
this amendment with certain amendments, and
from conversation with the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, since t.he Committee of
Ways and Means had this matter under consid-
eration, i am myself of opinion there is a verbal
amendment which should be made, in addition to
those recommended by the- Committee of Ways
and Means. The first amendment recommended
by the committee comes in in the twelfth line after
the word " lands, "uud provides that the said lands,
" of such parts thereof as he (thePresident) may
deem proper,"should be classified and valued, &c.
At the end of line eighteen, after the words " and
said lands shall not be sold at public or private sale
at a less price than that fixed by the valuation
aforesaid," the Committee of Ways and Means
propose to insert the words " nor shall any land
be sold at public sale at a less price than one dol-
lar and twenty-five cents per acre."
Here it is I believe that the Committee on In-
dian Affairs desire an amendment to be made,
Mr. ORR. I propose to amend the amend-
jnent at this point by striking out the words " till
otherwise directed by law,"and to insert in lieu
thereof the words " for three years and thereafter,
as may be directed by law pursuant to treaty."
The treaty requires that these lands shall be ex-
posed for sale for three years before there can be
any graduation or reduction iirprice.
Mr. HAVEN. I understand the amendment
which the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs suggests, is in accordance with the views
of the Committee of Ways and Means, who did
not have the treaty before them at the time they
considered this amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is ri ht. t
Mr. HAVEN. Then the committee propose
to strike out the proviso, as follows:
Provided, That the President may oider a new treaty
to he made with the Delawares, loways, Weas, Peortas,
Kaskaskias, and Piankeshaws, orsueh of them as he may
deem necessary.
The committee understand that the President
has power to institute proceedings for the purpose
of making treaties if he chooses, and the com-
mittee preferred to leave it to him without indi-
cating the course he shall pursue.
If the amendment suggested by the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, and the
amendments recommended by the Committee of
Ways and Means are adopted, the entire amend-
ment will read as follows:
Sec. 5. And be it further cnacted, That to enable the
President of the United States to cany out, in good faith, the
recent treaties with the Ottoes, and Missounas, Omahas,
Delawares, loways, Sacs and Foxes of Missouri, Kicka-
poos, and the united tribes of Kaskaskias and Peoria'-,
Piankesliaws and Weas, Shawnees arid Miamses, there
shall be, and hereby i<, appropriated the sum of $20,000,
in addition to the appropriations heretofore mad'', for the
execution of the surveys required by said treaties; and
where the net proceeds of the IfflRls ceded by either of said
treaties are required to be paid over to the Indians, the
President shall cause said lands or such part thereof he
may deem proper, to be classified and valued; and when
such classification and valuation have been made to his
satisfaction, he shall cause said lands lo be offered at public
sale, by legal subdivisions or town lots, at «!uch times and
places, and in such manner and quantity, as to him shall
appear proper and necessary to carry out faithfully the
stipulations m said treaties; and said lands shall not be
sold at public or piivate sale for less price than that fixed
by the valuation aforesaid, nor shall any land be sold at
public sale at a less price thin $1 20 pel acre, for three
years, and thereafter as inay be directed by law pursuant
to treaty.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to say a few words as
to this proposed Senate amendment. To that part
of the amendment which proposes to appropriate
$20,000 for the purpose of carrying out the sur-
veys of the Indian reserves I have no objection;
but to so much of it as proposes that the surveyed
lands shall be classified and valued, I do object,
for I think it is adding to the authority under
which these lands are to be sold, a provision
which is somewhat in conflict with the treaty made
by the United States with the Delaware Indians.
The first part of this amendment provides:
"To enable the President of the United States to carry
out, in good faith, the recent treaties with the Ottoes and
Missouria*, Omahas, Delawares, loways, Sacs and Foxes, j
of Missouri, Kiekapoos, and the united rrhes of Kaskaskias
and Peoria*, Piankeshaws and Weas, Sbawnees and Mi- J
amies, there shall be, and'hereby is, appropriated the sum j
of$20,00U." I
It then goes on to provide that where, under the
treaties with the Indians, the net proceeds of the
lands are required to be paid over to the Indians,
the President shall cause the lands to be classified
and valued, and when such classification and val-
uation have been made, he shall cause the lands
to be offered at public sale, and that they shall not
be sold at public or private sale for a less price
than that fixed by the valuation; and by the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Orr] it is provided that they shall
not be sold at a less price than $1 25 per acre for
three years after the passage of this bill.
The treaty made with the Delaware Indians—
and I refer to it particularly because it is a fair
sample of the treaties made with the Ottoes, Oma-
has, loways, Kaskaskias, Peorias, Piankeshaws,
Weas, and all the other tribes of these Indians—
is as follows:
"The United States hereby agree to have the ceded coun-
try (except the said outlet) surveyed as soon as it can bk
conveniently done, in the same manner that the public land^
are surveyed; such surveys to be commenced and prose-
cuted as the President of the United States may deem best;
and the President will, so soon as the whole or any portion
of said lands are surveyed, proceed to offer said surveyed
lands for sole at public auction, in such quantities as he
may d^etn proper. Being governed in all respects, in con-
tinuing such sales, bv the laws of the United States respect-
ing "the sales of public lands. And such of the lands as
may not be sold at pubtic sale, shah thereafter be subject
to private entry, in the same manner that private entries are
made of United States lands."
Now, it is proposed to add to that treaty an-
other condition;.and that is, that these lands shall
be examined, valued, and classified, and that, when
thus classified and valued, they shall not be sold at
public auction for any price less than the valuers
shall put upon them. The tracts of land which it
is proposed to value embraces a million of acres.
More than half a million of acres were ceded by
the Delaware Indians, with the stipulation that
they should be sold, or offered for sale, at public
auction, in the same manner that the lands of the
United States are offered, and sold to the highest
bidder, and that, after such sales, they were to be
subject to private entry, at $1 25 per acre, and
that the prices thereof might be reduced m three
years thereafter. The other lands, ceded by the
Omahas, Kickapoos, Piankeshaws, Weas, Mi-
amies, &c., embrace only four hundred thousand
acres, makmginall abouta million of acres, which,
by this amendment, are to be valued by the per-
sons sent there for the purpose of making the val-
uation.
Mr. HOUSTON. Only a part of them are to
be valued.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Alabama
says only a part of them are to be valued. That
is very true, under the amendment which the
Committee of Ways and Means recommend to
the amendment of the Senate. Only such part is
to be valued as the President shall direct. These
lands embrace some of the best lands in the Terri-
tory of Kansas. They are lands which will soon
be surveyed. An appropriation was made at the
last session of Congress for the5*prosecution of
the surveys in both the Territories of Kansas and
Nebraska. The surveyor general has already
had preliminary surveys made—that is, the base
lines, &c ; and he is now prepared to enter into a
contract to have these lands surveyed forthwith.
If there shall not be any unexpected delays in
prosecuting these surveys, we may expect they
will be finished during the coming summer, so
that those lands can be offered for sale during: the
next autumn, or the first part of winter. But if
this amendment shall prevail, the valuers to be
appointed would proceed to the execution of the
duties required of them under this amendment;
but they cannot do so until those surveys shall
have been approved of by the surveyor general
and the Commissioner of the General Land Oflice.
Then they may proceed and value such tracts as
the President may deem proper; but they are not
to be sold at a less price than shail have been
placed upon them by such commissioners ap-
pointed to classify and value them.
I recollect very well that several years ago the
Wyandots,in theStateof Ohio, sold certain lands
to the Government of the United States. Those
lands, together with the improvements which had
been put upon them, were to be appraised. There
was a further stipulation that they should not
be sold for less than the valuation which was
put upon them. They were appraised, and the
