1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9#f
that all their valuable land would soon be taken
up under the expectation that a new treaty would
goon be made. It ia true, that if this provision
were to be inserted in the bill,and-a commissioner
were to be sent there, that the Dela wares, being
pressed on all sides, representations being made
to them that it was the wish of the President of
the United States that a new treaty should be
made, and that there might probably be difficulty
in carrying out the existing treaty, a new treaty-
might be made; for sir, faithless as the white man
has too often been to the unlettered savage, they still
repose great confidence in their great father, the
President of the United States. His wishes most
likely would be complied with, but could he ask
them in conscience to change the present treaty?
Surely not, and the proviso could only have the
effect of deceiving and deluding others to trespass
in the vain hope that the treaty would be changed.
They surrendered the lands which had been guar-
antied to them forever, on the terms of this treaty
which I hold in my hand; and justice to them re-
quires that the treaty shall be carried out, and
that if its stipulations are insufficient for the pur-
pose, you should adopt such additional legislation
as will carry it out, and protect the faith and honor
of the Government and all the treaty rights of the
Indians.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not propose to speak
to the bill before the House at all. 1 rise -simply
for the purpose of making a suggestion to carry
out an understanding that prevailed at the time
the resolution was adopted confining debate strictly
to the measures before the committee, that there
should.be one or two evening sessions for the pur-
pose of general debate. There is a number of
gentlemen who are anxious to be heard upon mat-
ters not immediately connected with bills that will
be before the committee.
Mr. DUNHAM. Who are anxious to fili-
buster.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I, myself, have waited for
a month to have an opportunity to reply to the
speech made some time ago by the gentleman
from Georgia. [Mr. Stephens.] I should like
to do it to-morrow if it is agreeable to the com-
mittee, and I understand that there are several
gentlemen who would like to speak to-night. The
resolution to which I have referred provides that
we may hold evening sessions for the purpose of
general debate, at which no vote shall be taken
upon any subject whatever. I therefore move
that the committee do now take a recess until seven
o'clock.
Mr. DISNEY. Let us dispose of this amend-
ment first.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, I will withdraw my
motion until that amendment is disposed of.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think the resolu-
tion provides for such evening sessions " as may
be ordered by the committee" for general debate.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I move that there be
an evening session to-night and to-morrow night.
Mr. JONES. I do not think this committee
could order an evening session for to-morrow
night. We should 'take one evening at a time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well, then I will
move that this committee do order a session for
general debate this evening, at seven o'clock.
Mr. FLORENCE. No business is to be done ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Certainly not.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will examine
the resolution, and see if it is competent to the
committee to pursue the course indicated by the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SEWARD. Let- us have the resolution
read.
The Clerk read the resolution, which is as
follows: #
Resolved, That for the remainder of the present session,
all debate in Committee of the Whole Ilouac on the state
of the (Jnion sha'l be confined strirtly to the question or
proposition under consideration, unless during such evening
sessions as a majority of Miid committee may order l'or the
exclusive purpose of general debate.
The.CH AIRMAN. The Chair thinks it com-
petent to the committee, under the terms of that res-
olution, to order an evening session as proposed.
The question was then taken on Mr. Campbell's
' motion, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HAVEN. I woul4 inquire whether gen-
tlemen desire to debate the pending amendment
any further?
Mr. WHITFIELD. Yes, sir.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Kansas
desires to debate it at length.
Mr. HAVEN. If that be so, in order to keep
my promise to the committee, when I said that
if we got into any snarl about these amendments,
I would not ask them to stay any longer. I move
that the committee do now rise.
I suppose that if the committee should rise now,
the order just made will be executed by the com-
mittee coming back here at seven o'clock, and the
Chairman resuming the chair at that hour.
Mr. BENSON. Is it understood that no vote
is to be taken on this amendment to-night?
{Cries of "Yes!" "Yes!"]
Mr. HAVEN. To prevent any difficulty, I
withdraw my motion to rise, and move that the
committee do now take a recess.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to have an understand-
ing, to know what it is that we are agreeing to.
The committee, as I understand it, has made an
order that there be a meeting of the cdmmittee
to-night, for the purpose of general gammon. [A
laugh.] I also understand that the gentleman
from Kansas [Mr. Whitfield] intends to claim
the floor on the reassembling of the committee this
evening, and wants to go on with this matter.
Now, as I originated the pending amendment, and
have some little interest in it, I desire to watch its
fate, and what I desire to know is this: will there
be any vote taken on it to-night ?
[Loud cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. HOUSTON. And report the naval appro-
priation bill to the House.
Mr. HAVEN. I suppose the question will be
Sr3t taken upon my motion, as it was first made.
The CHAIRMAN. The question will be first ,
upon the motion of the gentleman from New '
York.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. It would be
perfectly in order to go into the House and finish
the naval appropriation bill, and then go back into
committee and take a recess.
Mr. HAVEN. There is but little time to spare.
This committee has made an order that there shall
be a session to-night. If we go into the House
now, we may not be able to come back into com-
mittee. I therefore insist on my motion.
The question was taken on Mr. Haven's mo-
tion, and it was agreed to; and thereupon (at half
past four o'clock, p. m.,) the committee took a
recess until seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, met at seven o'clock, p. m., (Mr. Millson
in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The business before the
committee is the consideration of the Indian appro-
priation bill; and on that bill the gentleman from
Kansas is entitled to the tloor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the gentle-
man from Kansas does not desire to occupy the
floor at this time, I shall be very glad to do so.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I had desired, Mr.
Chairman, to submit a few remarks to the com-
mittee this evening; but as there is to be no action
taien on the amendments to-night, I do not wish
to intrude upon the attention of the committee by
making a speech to-night. On to-morrow, if 1 can
get the floor, 1 desire to defend my constituents
from what I regard as an attack upon them to-
day.
Mr. PHELPS. I submit this question: I be-
lieve that, under the resolution, the debates to-
night may be on every subject except that under
consideration. Thegentleman from Kansas [Mr.
Whitfield] desires to speak to the subject-matter
before the committee; and, therefore, I suppose he
would be entitled to the floor to-morrow, when the
committee resumes the consideration of the sub-
ject; and he cheerfully surrenders the floor to any
person who desires to address the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not hold
that the gentleman from Kansas is entitled to the
floor to-morrow. Certainly he is now entitled to
the floor, if he thinks proper to occupy it.
Mr. PHELPS. That, as a matter of course,
depends noon the awarding of the Chair.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, obtained the
floor.
Mr. MAYALL. I had desired to make a
speech on the subject of the tariff, but 1 do not
wish to intrude upon tlie time of the committee^
and'therefore ask leave to publish my remarks.
Leave Was granted for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURN. I thought that I might
have had an opportunity of addressing the House
on the subject of the President's veto message at
the time it was before us for reconsideration; and
I was prepared then to submit some observations
to the House. But as the matter was disposed of
before we had any opportunity given for discus-
sion, and as an order'had passed the House limit-
ing all debate in the day session to the question
immediately under consideration, I supposed I
should, probably, have no opporturtity of deliver-
ing a speech on this subject; and then I made up
my mind to avail myself ofthe privilege ordinarily,
given of publishing my remarks in the Globe, and
with that view, I proceeded to write them out, and
having done so, I will do here what I have never
done; deliver a written speech.
Mr. W. then addressed the House during a 
hour. His remarks will be published in the Ap-
pendix.
Mr. McNAIR. Mr. Chairman, I had intended
to say much more than I shall say on the subject
about which I am now going to speak, had it not
been that during most of this session I hare bee 
confined„to my room by indisposition, and I am
not entirely well yet. But I feel such a deep
interest for people who are poor, and Who havs
defended our country, and who are unable to come
here to talk to us about it, that I am willing to rise
in my seat in their behalf. There has been a bill
lingering before Congress for a long time—a bill
in which nobody seems to take much interest—-a
bill in behalf of the soldiers of our country, and
their widows and orphans—a bill in behalf of
those, many of whom have been placed in the front
of our battles. When war is declared, we always
want soldiers, and they are taken generally from
the poorer classes of the people—from the lowest
ranks. It was so in the war of 1812. Our country
was threatened on the north by the Canadians,
who were about to invade it. Our country was
threatened at the south by our enemy's vessels at
t'ne mouths of our rivers. Our country was
threatened in the west by the invasions of the red
men, and our country was threatened in the east,
! am sorry to say, by our own people, who were
opposed to the declaration of war. Well, if we
want soldiers when a declaration of war rs made,
we must give them some encouragement, or we
will not get them. Without that we could Cot
have got them in the war of 1812, and then we
had no money to get them with, and Congress sat
here in cold debate, fearful to pass an net to raise
money by direct taxation, believing that the Union
would be endangered by it. And at that very
time, sir, the British fleet was at the month of
the Potomac. The Government raised enough
men to send to the north, on our lines, to be slain,
but not enough to defend the northern borders,
where many of our brave fellows perished. And
when there, some refused to cross the line. I
say, sir, that if we want men in time of war, to
defend our country, we must encourage them.
And will we not now give the little pittance of one
hundred and sixty acres of land to the widow or
the children of the men who have fought their
country's battles, and defended that country—the
happiest country in the world ? They defended
those lands which are now settled by a numerous
population, represented by many members on this
floor; lands which were then a wilderness, inhab-
ited by Indians, but now cultivated and made
beautiful to the eye.
Well, sir, I say that I have been rather sur-
prised to find how little interest is taken in this
matter. I always feel an interest in those who
are unable to protect their own interests. I know
of many of our poor soldiers, and the widows of
soldiers, who have, through poverty, been forced
to go into the alms-houses in the north,and, lhave
no doubt, in all parts of the eountry.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Mississippi. We have
nono in the South. [Laughter.]
Mr. McNAIR. No; I believe there are no
alms-houses in the South. Well, sir, I say it is
a disgrace to our country to let the widows of sol-
diersi or the soldiers themselves, go into alms-
houses. You do not find it so in England, or in
France. They there support their discharged
soldiers in their oH age. An old English soldier
