958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
died in my place, Norristown, only a few months
ego, who had been allowed his half-pay, and lived
comfortably on it in this country for many
years. But we will not keep our old Soldiers and
widows out of the alms-houses, although those
widows may have washed off their nails in sup-
porting theirchildren while their husbands were
serving in the army, and defending their country.
And yet, when they come here to ask a small
pittance of one hundred and sixty acres of land
their petitions are either neglected or refused-.
Now, there would be no hesitation, I think, in
passing this bill, were it not for the immense
grasping after public lands on the part of railroad
companies. I think that we ought to vote them
one hundred and sixty acres of land whether the
railroads get their grants or not. if these rail-
roads do get the public lands, let it be so, but do
not cut off those who have defended that very land,
and protected it. These things are usually for-
gotten unless they are brought to mind. Yes,
gentlemen," the man who goes into battle, and
spills his blood, appends treasure more precious
than that expended by the rich man, who wears
his ruffled shirt and white stockings, and pays his
taxes.
Blood is dearer than treasure. The poor man
spills his blood in the front of the battle, and the
rich man pays the money for the support of the
war. If the rich man is called out in defenseof his
country he hires his substitute. Some poor man
goes in his place, and the wealthy man sits in his
chimney corner or in his parlor and reads the ac-
counts of the battles of the day. Yes, sir, wealth
stands back in the battle where cannon and musket
balls are scarce, and were it not for the services of
the poor—of those men whose tottering limbs are
fast taking them down to the grave—the eountry
could not have been defended. If it had not been
that an immense quantity of public land has been
granted within the last five or six years for l'tul-
road purposes, there certainly could be no hesita-
tion in giving to these men the one hundred and
sixty acres of land which they ask. But it is not
a pension for them; but about $180, the price at
which land is now selling. It is but a trifle to an
old soldier, which may keep him from the alms-
house a short time.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. Itisonly #160—as
the land now sells for one dollar an acre.
Mr. McNAIR. Oh, yes; more than that.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is all it sold for lat-
terly.
Mr. McNAIR. I do think that this country
would be ungrateful if it do not uphold the old sol-
diers and their widows and orphans; if we do not
keep the*old men from starvation; do not keep
them from being a burden to their friends or rela-
tives; 1 think the country would be ungrateful, as
we now owe to them the very land occupied by
settlers in the West and southwest. It was only
last summer that a poor old soldier was here trying
to get a claim forservio.es rendered his country.
He remained here for a considerable length of
time, and lay, night after night, duiing the warm
weather, under a tree, with his head upon a stone,
and with frequently nothing but an onion in his
pocket for his supper. His claim was for a small
amount; and although he was wounded and fought
bravely in the service of his country, yet the com-
mittee reported against his claim. If I had made
any preparation, 1 could have cited cases without
number of a similar character, showing the great
necessity that existsfor the passage of a law which
will do ample justice to this class of our citizens.
Suppose any of us had been present at the battle
of Q,ueen&town, where blood ran fieely, and where
hundreds of our men were cast over the precipice;
where Colonel Van Rensselaer was wounded, and
■where Captains Clark, Saunders, and Kelson fell,
do you suppose that we would have refused the
old soldiers, their widows and orphans, a small
pittance of one hundred and sixty acres of land as
a reward for their services? Look at the history
of the battle of dueenstown—I shall not recur to
the different battles wherein our brave soldiers
have fought and bled—and there you will find that
three hundred and ninety-seven of our brave
fellows lay bleeding on the ground, and among
whom were the most brilliant sons of Kentucky,
Indiana, Ohio,and western Pennsylvania; and, if
I mistake not, one or more members of Congress
fell there. The wounded were tomahawked" and
scalped, although they had been promised pro-
tection by the British officers. I have no doubt
that some persons now before me may have a rec-
ollection of the brave fellows who fell there—of
Captains Mead, Edwards, Price, McCracken,
Edmundson, Woodford, and many others.
In conclusion, I would ask the House to take up
and pass the old soldiers' bill to-morrow. It can
be taken up and passed in a very short time. It
has already passed the Senate by an almost unan-
imous vote, and I earnestly hope—and it is the
only request X have made this session—that the
bill will be considered and passed by the House
to-morrow morning.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Washburn,] in the course of his remarks,
referred to the fact, that on the morning this House
concluded to take action upon the subject of the
President's veto of the French spoliation bill, the
gag of the previous question was applied, and the
friends of the Administration upon this floor
moved the previous question. It is, I presume,
well known to the members of the committee, in-
deed to all the members of the House, and to the
country, that perhaps there was no warmer or
more zealous advocate of the passage of the French
spoliation bill, as it is generally called, than my-
self. 1 differed, as my vote will fully attest, from
the conclusions of the President in relation to that
very important measure; and I desire that the fact
may be placed on the record by my vote against
sustaining the veto of the bill which he, in the
performance of a constitutional function, consid-
ered it his duty, honestly and conscientiously, 1
have no right to doubt, to exercise. I have not
heard it mentioned before, but it is proper to say
that the friends of the French spoliation bill are
responsible for seconding the demand for the pre-
vious question. " Let justice be done, though
the heavens fall," and I think it is due to justice
and due to history, thatthis fact should be placed
upon the record. The reasons which were given,
so far as they could be expressed under the appli-
cation of the previous question, and most generally
by the warmest friends of the bill, were, that no
favorable result could ensue from the postpone-
ment of the consideration of that document; and i
the friends of the bill, under the pressing demand
of the public business, rather than hazard and per-
haps lose the important appropriation bills to
which they had not yet given any consideration,
deemed it much better that action should be had
even under the gag, as it is called, of the previous
question, than to permit the question to remain
open, and consume, in discussion merely, without
hope of any practical good, or any prospect of a
favorable result, three or four of the few remain-
ing days of the session.
I must say, further, that I cannot see the force
of the gentleman's reasoning in making either the
Administration or the friends of the Administra-
tion responsible for the exercise of what the gen-
tleman pleases to call the gag of the previous ques-
tion upon that morning. It was participated in,
and was as much a movement of the friends of the
bill, alone intended to promote the success of pub-
lic measures that .had scarcely been perfected or
scarcely presented from the different committees
to be acttd upon, rather than hazard the loss of
important appropriation bills then about to be con-
sidered. I think it is proper to take this opportu-
nity and state these facts, which were patent to
every one, that so much, at least, of the record
may be historically and literally true. I deem it
due to a true history of the case, that this, which
is, I consider, rperely a proper statement of the
facts, should be made. I must candidly acknowl-
edge here that I did not sympathize with those
fears, and it is due to myself to say that J voted
against the demand for the previous question.
A word or two in relation to the " old soldiers'
bill," which is expected to come up in the morn-
ing.
" Is there a doubt of the justice of this bill ?"
saysa forcible and patriotic writer. "Whatdoesit
propose? To compensate, in some measure, these
men who not only periled their lives, but sacrificed
their interest and those of their families on the
altar of patriotism. When the British army,
flushed with expectation of an easy victory, landed
on our shores in 1812, these men who are now
asking Congress to remember them in their old
age, were young, just entering on the busy thea-
ter of life, with all its duties pressing upon their
attention, and a majority with but scanty means to
work out their fortunes. But did they hesitate to
quit the allurements of home, to leave their differ-
ent avocations—the forge, the workshop, the
counting-house,* the bar—for thecamp, with all its
dangers, hardships and sufferings ? Did they
count the cost of their acts dollar by dollar, as
Borne would the bounty land new; proposed to lie
given acre by acre? Was there a moment 'a thought ^
-given by these brave men-to the pecuniary loss that
must follow the course taken ? Not one.' They
made the sacrifice willingly. Many of them died
on the field of battle, and left their families depend-
ing on the cold charity of strangers. Others re-
turned with shattered constitutions, unable to labor
and toil as they had formerly done, while still
others,when peace smiled upon the land once more,
found, to their sorow, that during their absence,
the labor of years had become dissipated, and
thus their hopes were nipped in the bud. It is in
this light that the claims of the soldiers of 1812
should be viewed. They cannot be weighed in a
balance, nor measured with a yardstick. The
men who are now living in ease and comfort, won
by the toil and sacrifice of the veterans who now
respectfully ask for justice, can scarcely realize
the services performed by American soldiers
during the last war with Great Britain. It is only
when the tale is told by old, gray-haired men, that
the blood warms, and we feel that full justice
should be meted out to those who won our seebnd
independence. " * --
" In the old Keystone State public sentiment is
a unit upon the passage of this bill, or some equiv-
alent one that will give additional compensation to
the soldiers of 1812. The State Legislature has
several times instructed our Senators and requested
our Representatives in Congress to vote for such
a bill, while the press in every section' of the State, -
and without reference to party, is united upon the
same platform of patriotic fidelity to those men who
protected the stars and stripes, the hearths and
homes of their country, when attacked by a foreign
foe. Large popular meetings have also been held
in almost every county in the Commonwealth, at
which resolutions were passed urging upon Con-
gress to pass a bounty land bill without delay.
All parties and classes unite as a band of brothers
in this holy and patriotic work. The keen edge
of political rancor is blunted—the partisan forgets
his dividing 1 nes, while some war-scarred veteran
recounts the dangers and glories of those times,
when the volunteers of free America drove before
them the best troops of invincible England. There
is no two opinions in this State with reference to
the claims of the soldiers of 1812. The additional
bc.unty which is proposed to be extended by the
provisions of the Senate bill, is justly due to these
men, and therefore every delegate from this State
who desires faithfully to represent public sentiment,
will vote for the bill on Tuesday. Old Pennsyl-
vania has never yet faltered whena call was made
for volunteers to defend our country at home, or
its honor abroad. Her patriotic sons went forth
with full confidence that, if they fell upon the
bloody field, those who were near and dear to
them would be protected by the nation. It was
so in 1812, and shall a single vote from this Com-
monwealth insult the memory of the dead, or
wound the feelings of theliving? Shall it be said
that while we talk of patriotism, the men who
toiled,and suffered,and bled for liberty, are living *
in want and penury? This must not be. It
would disgrace the nation, the State, and the
people."
I feel a deep interest in the passage of that bill,
and seconding the very eloquent appeal of my
colleague, [Mr. McNair,] I earnestly hope that
we may all be here in the morning in full force,
and pass the bill, if necessary, even under the "gag
of the previous question," however unpalatable it
may be to some of those who, when they can best
attain their purpose by so doing, are the readiest
to resort to it, and are the most clamorous in de-
manding it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Rhode Island. 1 feel some in-
terest in the bill which will be attempted to be
brought up before the House to-morrow—the old
soldiers' bill, as it is called—an interest growing
out of the state, somewhat peculiar, of the old sol-
diers it: my own State. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. McNajr] made a remark which
induces me to say a few words. His remark
was this: "Threatened on the east by lour own
people." This he said after reciting the dangers
