1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
980
which surrounded the nation at that time. Now,
sir, i understand this bill, as it comes to us from
the Senate, has in it a clause which excludes the
soidrers of Rhode Island, Massachusetts, and
Connecticut, and for a cause which came not from
the people, but from a class. It was a class which
was opposed to that war, and not the people. I
am .personally acquainted with some of the men
who served in that war, or who were enrolled in
the regiment, at least, raised for that purpose, and
I think if courage, integrity, axjd all the qualities
which go to make u p the man and the patriot form
the criterion, those men have as good a title to
land at the-hands of the Government, as any of;
those who are included in the bill, and I fee! that j
it would be doing gross injustice to a large class ,
"of men, should that bill pass this House without i
ah amendment to include them. The gentleman !
from Pennsylvania will recollect that the State of j
Rhode Island furnished, in the last war, some of
the men who distinguished themseltcs most emi-
nently on the frontier. I need not name Perry
and his associates, one of whom is now in this
city, and who was an activeand efficient officer in
that campaign.
M'r. McNAlR. Will the gentleman allow me
to correct him? I hope the gentleman will under-
stand me, that when I spoke of the East, I. did
not speak of everybody in the East.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman seemed to say so.
Mr. McNAIR. But that that thing did come
from the East 1 suppose the gentleman will not
deny.
Mr. DAVIS. What struck me was thegentle-
man's language—" Threatened on the east by the
people." The gentleman seemed to speak as of
the whole people of the East. I only quoted the
gentleman's own language, but, of course, do not
wish to give it any other construction than he puts
upon it himself. Rut certainly his remark was
an imputation upon the patriotism of the East.
But in the State of Rhode Island there were com-
panies which volunteered for the service of the
General Government. It is well known that at
that time a large portion of the leading men, the
commercial class of the East, were opposed to.the
war. It involved them in consequences which
affected their property so materially that they
stood up against it at the outset, and at that time
that class had a much more controlling influence
than now. The 'people had hardly spoken out at
that time. They were overawed by the wealthy
class more than they are now. It is a fact which
gentlemen will see is strictly true, and it was only
by breaking over that influence, which they did,
and by revolutionizing the whole East, that the
East became from bem£ a Federal a republican
people. The aristocracy of that day resisted th#
war, and set at nought the patriotism which ex-
isted in the minds of the people. This is a matter
of history; and now you could not do a greater
injustice than to shut out these people—us you
will if the bill passes in its present form—and pre-
clude them from the benefits of this bill. The
Rhode Island regiment was organized for eighteen
or twenty months, and every man in it was ready
and willing to start at the word of command. But
the Governor of Rhode Island forbid them to go,
even at the call of the General Government.
At that time the body of the people of Rhode
Island had hardly any votes. Only the landed
aristocracy could vote,and the people did not have
the right to vote until the year 1842, Previous to
that period not more than one third of the people
could exercise the right of suffrage. That con-
tinued until 1842, when Thomas W. Dorr distin-
guished himself by an effort to give that right to
the people, and finally obtained some measure of
right for them.
1 wish to impress upon the members of the
House present this evening the facts in this case,
in order that justice may be done to all the people j
of the East who lent themselves, in a patriotic ]
spirit, to the support of the Government, or who j
were prepared to do so, and were only prevented i
by the superior power of the State government.
The State government was not in the hands of the
people at that time, so far as my own State was
concerned.
I have before me a short extract from a com-
munication from one of th©se very soldiers. He
speaks of the matter in this way:
" We were drafted, mustered, or embodied as a regiment,
enrolled, and the roll sent to Washington under a United
States Jaw, ordered to hold ourselves in readiness to mafch
on the shortest notice, and so held for twenty months;
whereas,.if we had been permitted to serve, we should
have been discharged at the end of six mouths."
Thus they were mustered into service for twenty
months, for which they received no consideration,
and during all that time they were liable to be
called upon at any moment. They were pre-
vented from engaging in other business—which
is a very important matter for a poor man, and
most of them were poor men; they were prevented
from doing anything else*, and it cannot be doubted
that those men, had there been an urgent neces-
sity for it, wouid have broken over the restraints
thrown around them by the Governor. Those
men protested against the action of the Governor
at that time. They declared, and they made a
record of it at the time, that they were opposed to
the course of the Governor, and that they were
ready to obey the call of the country. Therefore
it would be a cruel act in the Government to ex-
clude from the benefits of the bill—benefits which
you are to lavish upon otUer men—those men
who faithfully served'their country to the extent
which their State government permitted them to
do.
Nothing has struck me as more remarkable
than this amendment made by the Senate to the
bill, coming from a high source, seemingly; and
that the old feelings of those times should have
been revived for such a- purpose, and that men
should not be acknowledged as patriotic as those
from any other part of the country. The im-
pulses of the masses for war are everywhere
strong enough and clear enough; and patriotism,
in that sense, is almost too cheap a virtue to be
even q lestioned. I do not mean to speak disre-
spectlully of those who are willing to fight; but j
there are other services which men may perform .
which we think too little of rewarding.
My purpose was, and ia, to set these men of
my own State, and of other New England States,
right, knowing that feats of valor were performed
by them,and often without receiving any reward.
The men who served during that time were among
the most patriotic, because they had home oppo-
sition to encounter; and to cut off such men would
be an act of injustice so cruel that I cannot think
any member of this House who is in favor of
giving this land to awy one, will withhold his as-
sent from giving it in good faith, and in a generous
spirit, to all men who showed their disposition by
their acts at that time.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. Mr. Chairman, I
beg leave to slate to the gentleman from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Davis,] that u number of the friends
of the old soldiers had a consultation on the sub-
ject, that they came to the unanimous conclusion
that the proviso in the first section of the bill
which includes the men to whom he has referred
ought not to be adopted. And, if I get the floor,
they have instructed me to move that it be stricken
out. I believe, with him, that if the Governor ;
of a-State refused to permit those men to go into
the service when they were willing to go—and I j
understand that a large portion of them protested |
against such refusal, and even maay ran away I
and engaged in battle—that they ought not to suf-
fer for that action of the State government. I, for
one, am unwilling that the stigma of the proviso
shall be placed upon them; and, as I have already
said, if I get the flo.or, i shall move to strike it
out.
Mr. RUFFIN obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise. I make the motion with the un-
derstanding that the gentleman from North Car-
olina will be entitled to the floor when we meet
to-morrow evening.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot say
that the gentleman will have the floor to-morrow
evening. There may be another question before
the committee and another Chairman then.
Mr. RUFFIN. I desire to submit some remarks,
but would rather defer them until to-morrow even-
mg.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman moving'
that the committee rise-will be entitled to the floor ;
to-morrow when the committee again resumes its :
sessions. The Chair does not wish any misap-1
prehension to exist on the subject.
Mr. FLORENCE. We have finished the
Navy appropriation bill. To-morrow we shall get
through with the Indian appropriation bill. In all
probability the House will then resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on Che state of the
Union for the consideration of the Army appro^
priation bill. There will beanother Chairman, and
how can he recognise the gentleman from Nortl*
Carolina? I have no doubt that the courtesy,of
the committee will be extended to the gentleman, w
It is only just that it should be. - «.
Mr. RtfFFIN. 1 do not wish to occupy the
time of the House to-morrow, for I do not expect
to speak on the subject immediately before^the
body. I have not occupied any portion of the
time of the House since I have been a member
here.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope the gentleman does
not, for a moment, suppose that I am making-ob-
jection to his occupying the floor. I am merely
statirg a contingency which may arise, and bring-
ing it to the Chair's consideration, in order that
he may be protected. 1 suggestthat he had better
make his speech to night, for he is now certain of
the floor. 1 presume that any chairman of com^
mittee to-morrow night would recognize the gen-
tleman from North Carolina; that is, if we have an
evening session for the same purpose as was the
one this evening.
Mr. RUFFIN. If we do not have an evening
session 1 do not expect to get the floor. -
Mr. HENDRICKS. It seems to me that there
can be no trouble on this question. The resolu-
tion directing the order of business in confmittee
provides that the debate, during the day, shall be
confined to the subject immediately under con-
sideration; and that during the evening sessions
it may be on any question affecting the Union to
which gentlemen may wish to speak.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is true.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not wish
to.be understood by the gentleman from North
Carolina as deciding that he cannot have the floor
to-morrow evening. He merely wishes that there
may be no misconception in regard to the rule-.
The Chair does not say that the gentlem'an will
necessarily have the floor to-morrow evening. He
is entitled to the floor upon the bill now under
consideration. To-morrow evening there may be
another committee, another bill, and another Chair-
man .
Mr. HENDRICKS. Thecommittee has now
nothing before it except the state of the Union.
Under the rule the committee would have, during
the day, a particular bill as the business before it.
The gentleman from North Carolina claims the
floor on the class of busmsss which is in order
during the evening sessions.- In my judgment, if
the committee now rises he will be entitled to
the floor the next time we resume the considera-
tion of the class of business which we have had
before us this evening.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from-
North Carolina is now entitled to the floor. The
Chair cannot undertake to say whether he will or
will not he entitled to it to-morrow evening.
Mr. HOWE. Is not the Indian appropriation
bill now before the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. FLORENCE. This committee, having
finished its business, will, in all probability, be
dissolved to-morrow.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is, that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. RUFFIN. And I yield to that motion.
The question was taken; and the motion waa
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the Chairman
reporfpd that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the Navy appropriation bill, and had directed him
to report the same back to the House with sundry
amendments; and that it had also under consider-
ation th? amendments of the Senate to the Indian
appropriation bill, but had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 move that the Navy appro-
priation bill be recommitted.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope that motion will nofc
prevail. 1 move that the bill be laid upon the
table.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is no quorum here,
and gentlemen cannot transact any business.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw my motion to
lay upon the table; and ask that the Clerk enter
