9m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
if when a report is brought into the Senate, affect-
ing from fifteen thousand to twenty thousand of
the constituents of any Senator, he ought not to
ask a delay of action on that report when he has
never before seen it nor heard the results to which
the committee have arrived, then action on this
report should not have been delayed. It was
under those circumstances that I asked delay. If
the interests of the constituents of aSenatorare of
no consequence to him whenactingupon thisfloor,
of course there ought to have been no delajr.
Otherwise he ought to be allowed time to read, if
not to investigate the question. The cause of the
delay in the first instance was, that I desired time
to examine the effects of the proposed action on
therightsof my constituents. Subsequently, I have
been too unwell to be able to consider this subject;
but still, regardless of health, I agreed with the
gentleman from Michigan that he should have it
taken up at any moment whether 1 was sick or
well; and if 1 could defend the interests of my
constituency, very well; and if not, then upon my
head be the blame, rather than that I should
demand anything not in accordance with the usual
rule.
This report of the committee of conference is
•ne which, I believe, affects mostseriously the citi-
zens of my own State. The real object of the bill
's a good one, if it were guarded as the Senate
guarded it by the amendments which they sent to
the House. So guarded, it ought to have been
passed. It would have benefited both the United
States and the different States, and would have
facilitated action under the swamp land law in a
manner satisfactory to all concerned. The views
of the Senate were expressed in their amendment;
but after the House disagreed, the gentlemen who
composed the committee of conference have arrived
at a different result. Tne amendment of the Sen-
ate was passed here without the slightest objec-
tion. It was unanimously reported from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands after a full consideration,
arid was pronounced entirely right. Now a
report comes from the committee of conference,
sanctified by the fact that it was unanimous,
although inconsistent with the amendment which
the Senate originally put upon the bill and which
was rejected by the House. It is insisted that we
shall take it because it is a unanimous report, and
that its real worth and benefits are guarantied
sufficiently by the fact that it has been passed by
the Elouse of Representatives.
Well, sir, it is possible the House may err; it is
possible the committee of conference may err, and I
propose to sub ject this report to the test of a few
remarks. I believe I have never been in the habit
of speaking long, and I shall certainly utter not a
single word intentionally that has not direct ref-
erence to the subject. I feel, and 1 know, that I
cannot do full justice to the merits of the question
in exposing the wrongs which are to besuffered by
the swamp land purchasers, if this act, in its pres-
ent shape, should be permitted to pass the Senate.
The bill, in the first place, was intended to facil-
itate the transaction of business connected with
the conflicts of title which originated under the
swampland law. The swamp land actgives to the
Stales a title to the "swamp or overflowed lands
rendered thereby unfit for cultivation," from and
after the passage of the act. It has been adjudi-
cated, after full consideration and some contest,
by theSecrelary of the Interior, distinctly, that the
land wasconvfyed by thedescription, " sioamp end
tveifloiocd, rendered thereby unfit for cultivation," to
the Slates, from and after the 28th September,
1850, the date of the passage of ihe act. This is
the decision of the Department of the Interior,
founded on the express terms of the act itself. The
swamp and overflowed lands were not then sepa-
rated from the public domain and the particular
sections ascertained; and the law could not, and
did not describe the lands by sections or sub-divis-
ions, or by metes and bounds. This land being
thus embraced in the public domain, and not sep-
arated from it by numbers, was left exposed, to
be entered in the United States land offices, al-
though the act had already granted it away to the
States. Thus the land was entered in a great many
instances in the United States land offices, and
certificates were issued to the purchasers, and in
some cases patents have been already issued, before
:t was discovered that the land was embraced in
the terms of the description contained in the swamp
land act and had been conveyed away.
The object of'.his bill was, where there was no
conflict of title between individuals, or in other
words, where the land had not been sold by the
State to any individual, to enable the State to
release her title to the United States, in order that
the United States might make a good title to their
alienee, "and that the money which had been
received into the United States Treasury should
be paid over into the treasury of the State. That
was the original object, and ii was a good one,
promoting justice, and simplifying the difficulties
which existed. It was an object, I am free to
admit and declare, which ought to be carried out
by the Senate; but, sir, the bill, as it now stands,
does not stop there. A provision was passed by
the Senate, in the shape of an amendment, which
did arrest it at that point; it was as follows:
li Provided, That the proper authorities of the State in
which any such lands are situated, shall first release and
surrender, in sucli furm as the Secretary of the Interior
shall prescribe, all claim to the land so purchased or
located; hut no paleut shall be issued to such purchasei or
locator in the United States land otlicef. until the required
surrender shall have been made by the State."
That was the provision of the Senate in the first
place. With that provision no difficulty could
have originated, and no injury could have been
done; but it was rejected by the House. The
Senate insisted on it, and the result was a com-
mittee of conference.
Now, sir, the report of the committee of con-
ference is identical"with the bill as it first came
from the House, with the solitary exception that
it does not injure one class of those who hold title
under the State, whilst it doea destroy the rights
of another class. In other words, where a man has
entered swamp land in the State land office before
any other individual has entered the same land
in the United States land office, he is protected;
but where an individual has entered the swamp
land m the State land offices after it had been
entered in the United States land office, then he is
sacrificed by the terms of this act, as far as Con-
gress can do it, nud a patent is ordered to be
issued to his opponent, who is the United States
alienee; and all because he entered first in point
of time, without reference to the title of the party
who suffered the entry to be made. That is the
provision of this report. This action here, then, is
intended to declare, and does declare, that the
man who enters at the United States land office
in such a case shall have the whole title. It seems
to me this is directly in the teeth of the law, which
says that the swamp lands "shall he, and ere
hereby,granted," (ar.d which also describes them.)
" from and after the passage of the swampland
act." That is the operation of it, an operation
that must bring loss, if not ruin and sorrow, to
many of the people of the new States, and mine
among the others.
I know that an immense number of these cases
exist in my own State, because it was our object
so soon as the swamp land law was passed to put
into effect the provisions embraced in its condi-
tions, which was the redemption of the swamp
lands by draining and leveling. Most persons
who have purchased from the State are cut off by
this provision, ahhough it must be admitted the
State had all (he equitable right, and legal too, i
believe, and wanted nothing but the mere patent
which the United States were permitted to hold as
trustee at best for those lands. The man who
entered in the State land office has a right to the
title of the State. There are great numbers of
such cases in my own State, for vast amounts of
these lands have already been sold by the State.
I give but a moderate number, I think, when i
say, there are fifteen or twenty thousand locators.
These men will find they are stricken down by
the act we are now considering, as far as an act
of Congress can do it.
They entered in the first place knowing that the
United States had given ail their right and title to
these swamp lands to the States of whom they
bought That the land was entered in the United
States land office by an individual previously to
their entry was a matter of no consequence, if
that entry was made after the United States had
parted with her title. The object of issuing
patents and giving the legal title of the United
States into the hands of any one who entered in
their land office, whether before or after those
lands were entered at the State swampland office,
is not a matter a child would stop to discuss.
The object is to give him good and full title. Can
the United States in good faith come forward and
pass an act of that description, and will the Sen-
ate thus pass an act in the teeth of the former law,
to violate the vested rights of individuals, rights
resulting from the previous acts of Congress?
The reply, as I understand, of those who are
in favor of the passage of this provision is, that if
it be true that the United States parted with the
whole of their title by the swamp land act, those
who entered in the State office are entitled to go
into the courts and sue. In what attitude can
they go and sue in our courts ? They are placed
simply in this attitude: they are compelled to meet
a patent which does not now exist against them;
they are compelled to meet an act of Congress
which goes as far as it can to divert them of all
right, and destroy the title which they previously-
acquired. They have to meet this, and also the
additional difficulty that all the burden of proof is
thrown on them, with additional legal obstacles
and legal disabilities, and m yourown courts they
become,byyourownact,aproECribed class, whom
you choose to condemn in violation of the rights
which you yourselves conferred by a previous
law. If they acquired any rights by entering in
the State swamp land office, will you seek to de-
prive them of those rights? Then how can you
justify yourselves when you have passed an act
"throwing additional difficulties in their way ? You
can only justify action of that sort by disputing
the power and effectiveness of the original swamp
land act by the description which it contained, to
pass the title of those lands from the moment of
the passage of the act. and 1 defy any dispute
upon the subject of that construction of the act, for
I have maturely examined it, and, to my own
mind, it is perfectly clear that such was the intent
and effect of the swamp land act. Now, it seems
to me, there can be no justification for the course
now proposed. Either thatactconveys theswamp
lands to the States in which they lie, from the pas-
sage of the act, or it does not. If it does not, let
gentlemen then proclaim it. If it does not, then
every gentleman from a swamp land State who
makes such an assertion, to wit: that it does not
so convey the land from the passage of the act,
unquestionably takes new ground,never taken by
any Senator from any one of those States here-
tofore, such as I do not believe the act itself will
justify or authorize, and such as must be a most
serious injury to the State which he represents as
well as a surprise to all parties, i will not say he
willfully striksa blow at the people who honor and
trust htm heie; I will only say he str.kes the blow.
We have not only had the act already construed,
but that construction has been acted upon ever
since the 28 h September, 1850, for that construc-
tion was given but a short time after the passage
of the act.
Now, Mr. President, I call attention to the
result of this in another respect. Look at it in its
regular operation, and see how it acts in compli-
cating the accounts of the United States upon thi3
subject. The United States have given the land.
I assume that they gave it, and that construction
is a sound one, that the act took effect by the
description upon each tract of land from and after
the passage of the act. The United States have
given it to the States, as the people of the United
States may say, for nothing; in other words, the
consideration upon which it was given was the
good of those who were to receive it—that good
to be obtained by the reclamation of the swamp
and overflowed lands by levees and drainage. Tiie
United States, then, have given it, so far as their
Treasury is concerned, to those States for nothing.
By the operation of the law, as it now stands, the
State has gone on to sell it as swamp land, and
has the pay for it in her Treasury. The next
step is to pass this provision, by which the United
otates compel themselves,wherever they have sold
any portion of what was swamp land, to pay the
money received for that land over to the State
treasury, also. The United States sold to the
individual, gave the title, received the money; and
under this act, then, she pays it over into the
treasury of the State. The State holds the 'and
which she received from the United States. When
she sella it she holds the money which is received
from the individuals to whom she sold it, and
holds the money by this act which she received
from the United States, who also sold it.
The gentlemen who are in favor of this amend-
ment, says that in this attitude the parties can go
