1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
963
into court. Suppose they do go into court, and,
after they do so, ti tract in dispute is decided to be
swamp lund. Under that decision the United States
are compelled again to come forward, having once
given away the land, and having also sold it, and
received full pay for it, and having paid over what
was received into the coffers of the State; and she
is then called on, by the individual to whom she
sold, to refund the money; and when that individ-
ual, having lost the title, calls upon her for its
return, the reply is, "We have no money now to
refund, because it is paid over to the States."
Theie is the operation of this measure, and there
is the obligation to which we are subjected, result-
ing either m injustice to the individuals to whom
the United States sell an invalid title, or injustice
to the Treasury of the United States, who first
give away the land, and then pay away the
money she had illegally received, and then pay
back the like amount to the person from whom
she hadimproperly received it. This would be a
trying process upon any private exchequer. But
it js the more to be regretted when we recollect,
that what she improperly received from the indi-
vidual she had improperly paid away to a State,
over whom she could exercise no coercive power
to compel repayment, and with whom the wisest
statesmen have declared she should hold no deal-
ings^nd keep no accounts, as a first and essential
policy.
Now, sir, the sympathy for the United States
Treasury i3 not very general nor very great in
these matters; but certainly the disposition of all
will be to prevent any complication or difficulty in
our accounts, if it can be possibly avoided. Then
I call your attention to the complications which
must necessarily occur, and cannot be escaped, by
which the most extraordinary state of things will
be brought about, leading to difficulty and vex-
ation.
Again, sir, I contend that this act has an ex post
facto character, m this: that it assails the previous
act under which vested rights have accrued; and
80 far as that is concerned, though it may not be
considered to be so directly, yet it is so indirectly,
and is unconstitutional in its character, itcertainly
is so in its effect upon the rights of individuals, as
will be demonstrated and discovered hereafter.
But is it right, sir, that additional burdens shall
be thrown on those who hold your swamp land
tule, which was deemed to be good, and which has
always been so considered? Is it right that you
should compel them, in every instance where you
issue patents under thisbiil to those who purchased
from the United States, (the United States having
previously parted with ail the title except the mere
legal title,) to come into court to await the slow
decision of courts of justice for relief, and sutler
ail the incidental and accumulated expenses ? Is
the system of relief we thus get for these people
better than it is now ?
Do you improve their condition in that respect,
and leave them with the same rights and no greater
obstacles to the establishment of those rights? if
you left them in that condition some of my most
serious objections to th« measure would be re-
moved; but such is not the fact. As matters stand
at present, the conflicts are now in existence which
this proposed law is to operate upon. At the
present time, when an individual holds under the
United States by a sale made subsequent to the
passage of the swamp land act, and another indi-
vidual holds a tis^e under the State, each makes
application to have the patent. The individual
purchasing from the United States applies to the
United States for a patent. The State which has
sold the same land gives out her tills. The con-
flicting entries are discovered at the General Land
Office, though, in some instances, the individuals
themselves knew nothing of it; and thereupon the
Commissioner informs the respective parties, and
he addresses himself to the local land officer of
the district in which the lands lie, and invests him
with power to administer oaths and take testimony
in regard to the fact of whether the lands were
swamp or not. Resummons both parties to come
forward with their witnesses and prove whether
they were swamp lands or not, because, on the
simple question whether they be swamp and over-
flowed lands or not, must depend the title. That
is an easy matter to settle in that way, because all
the persons who live in the neighborhood may be
summoned, and they are summoned, to a con-
venient point; that is, the land office within the
district. Their testimony is given under oath, and
the land officers can easily determine, from their
testimony, whether the land be swamp and over-
flowed or not. They make their decision upon
the testimony thus before them, if that decision
be unsatisfactory to either party, an appeal is taken
to the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
and there it is finally settled by the interposition,
if necessary, of the Secretary of the Interior. In
ninety-nine cases out of a hundred the matter there
ends; but still, if either party is dissatisfied, he
can go to the courts. In ninety-nine cases out of
a hundred, however, the testimony of the neigh-
bors in regard to the character of the land is con-
clusive, and settles the question upon the adjudica-
tion of the local land officers. In that mode there
is no delay; there is no expense; there are no fees
for sheriffs, and clerks, and publications; there is
no intervention of lawyers; there is no oppression
put upon the parties, but they can easily go for-
ward and settle their difficulties without trouble.
It is here proposed, however, to give the legal
title out of the hands of the United States, who
hold it, at bes% as a mere trustee, and confer it on
the wrong party, or, at least, we determine it to
be the right party on grounds which, to my mind,
are very strange. The principal gtound is, that
the land was purchased from the United States
before it was purchased from the State, and is the j
best title, because the alienee of the United States !
purchased in point of time before the alienee of j
the State purchased, although it is admitted that
the swamp land act was passed prior to the pur-
chase of either party.
The citizens who have purchased from the States
ought not to be forced to go into the courts with
the whole burden of proof putupon them. Great
d'fficulUes are interposed by this action m the way
of theirassertmg their just rights. A very serious
question is raised at once when a man holds a
legal title, to wit: the patent of the United States.
In this country, in the land States, the patent of
the United States is said to be like the possession
in other countries—nine points of the law. A
man having that patent holds the legal title. It
is true, in this case he obtains it from the party
which was but a trustee at the time; but still be
holds it, and he holds it by a law passed here ex-
pressly repudiating the construction and provisions
of the law under which the conflicting rights had
been vested. 1 cannot be satisfied but that this
course is utterly unjust in this: that the holder i
from the State is compelled to come forward all
the time in the shape of a complainant, whilst the !
other party stands back m a defensive attitude.
Under the present system, both can go forward i
without difficulty to settle the question; but here
you propose to give an oppressive advantage to
one party, to which he is not fairly entitled, either
in law or equity.
The injustice of this measure is palpable in
another provision, which is, that even where it is
attempted to provide for and protect a class who
entered swamp lands prior to any one entering it
in the State land offices, yet if the State does not
come forward in three months from the passage
of this act, and show such entry and its priority,
they are to lose that right. I do not know how it
is that gentlemen can reconcile themselves to say,
that when the law has given rights to certain men,
and conflicts of title have originated, they will
come forward and pass an act which must result,
in effect, in the destruction of such rights. If a
right is vested, you cannot burden it with condi-
tions. It is true, it may be justified by some on
the ground that the act itself does so much general
good that they will a°:<"ee to do this amount of
injustice in order to attain the benefits otherwise
secured by the act. This is the only ground on
which I conceive it can possibly be sustained; but
it is not sufficient grounds with me. I cannot con-
sent to do this injustice for any amount of sup-
posed good.
Mr. President, these are but a few points in
relation to this subject. I know I have not dis-
cussed it regularly, for I have attempted to pre-
pare no notes on the subject. Many things have
escaped my mind in the course of the few and
desultory remarks that I have made. I may
have occasion to say something: more upon it; but
at present, I believe that prima facie to the mind of
every Senator who has notalreadv settled his con-
viction, the case will stand as a very hard one;
and they will perceive, on examination, that the
report of the committee of conference is one,
which should be rejected, and ought never to be
adopted under any circumstances.
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President, as a member
of the committee of conference on this bill, 1 think
it proper that I should say something upon the
subject; and I shall confine myself to a very brief
explanation of the history of the bill, and the
action of the committee upon it. The House of
Representatives passed the original bill, which
virtually contained this principle, although it was
not avowed on its face, that, under the law making
donations of all the swamp and overflowed lands
within the limits of the respective States, the title
was not to be divested from the United States until
the issuing of the patents. That was the spirit of
the act; and, in compliance wuh that spirit, they
directed, that for all sales which might have been
made in the United Slates land offices previous to
issuing patents to the States, the sale made by the
United States should be confirmed, and patents
issued by the General Land Office. The bill was
sent to tho Senate, and was here amended, on the
motion of the Committee on Public Lands, who
unanimously concurred in another and different
view of the subject. The principle which directed
the Committee on Public Lands in the amendment
which they reported to the Senate, was, that the
title vested fully in the States from the time of the
passage of the law; that the patent was a mere
muniment of title, and that the want of it would
not, in any degree, affect its validity, even if it had
never been issued. That was the principle, I
understand, on which theamendment was reported
by ihe Committee on Public Lands. The Senate
gave their assent to this doctrine. I have no
doubt myself as to the correctness of that position,
that the tule to every acre of swamp and over-
flowed land within the limits of the States to which
thoee donations were made, vested in the Spates
from the date of the passage of the law, and that
the United States had no right to sell those lands
after the grant was made.
Our ame- dment was sent to the House, and
there rejected, and a committee of conference was
asked for and appointed by the two bodies. The
members of that committee, on the part of the
Senate and on the part of the House, then ap-
proached this subject, entertommgtotally different
views of the construction that should be given to
the law, as to the time from which the grant took
effect, whether it took effect from the day of the
passage of the law, or from the time of issuing the
patents. 5 will sta'e, however, in this connection,
that two of the committee on the part of the Sen-
ate concurred in (he opinion of the tale vested m
the States ftom the passage of the act making the
grant; and one of the members of the committee
of conference on the part of the Senate differed
from that opinion. The members of the House
committee were unanimous in the belief that the
title took effect, if not from the date of the issuing
of the patent, at least from the time when the
Commissioner of the General Land Office desig-
nated certain lands to be swamp lands, although
the patent might not have been issued until after-
wards.
The committee of conference then found itself
divided by two irreconcilable pretensions—utterly
ineconcilable, because they differed as to a prin-
ciple. Jt was considered highly desirable for the
interests of many parties that, as nearly as pos-
sible. the difficulties of conflicting titles should be
removed. A suggestion was made, on the part of
the committee of the Senate, which, after explana-
tion, met the unanimous approval of the House
members of the committee of conference. It was
this: We did net pretend to say, that, by any
legislation, we could divest a complete legal title,
held either by persons who are claiming, under
the authority of the States, or by those holding it
under the authority of the United States. That
is a purely judicial question. We did not touch
that question at all. We did not wish to do fo;
br.t we thought that we could adopt an equitable
principle, which would, in ninety-nine instances
of a hundred, decide the question, and prevent
litigation. That principle is to gi^e, so far as we
can give, the authority of the United States to
protect the man who was the first purchaser in
good faith. Now, I will state an instance, and
there are hundieds of such instances in my State,
and 1 presumein every other State in which swamp
lands are situated. Immediately after.the passage
