964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
of the act, swamp land offices were created m dif-
ferent States. The United States land offices were
also open. The officers of the State land office,
although not in possession of the patent, and,
perhaps, not always even having had the lands
designated by any formal authority, knew what
the swamp lands were, and knew what would be
the ultimate decision of the Government; and,
acting on the principle that the title vested from
the day of the passage of the act, they permitted
entries to be made, though they were not in pos-
session of the ordinary muniments of title, they
received the price, and granted certificates of such
receipt. A person living in the immediate neigh-
borhood, or perhaps a speculator, availing him-
self ofwhathe presumed tobethelocal knowledge
of persons who entered those lands, sometimes
after an interval of several months, or, perhaps,
not knowing that the lands had been entered and
paid for in the State land office, went to the United
States land office, made entries of the same land,
paid his money, and received the ordinary certifi-
cate. So again, on the other hand, persona in
good faith, ignorant whether these lands would be
decided to be swamp lands or not, presented them-
selves at the United States land offices, paid their
money, received their certificates, and, months
afterwards, other persons knowing that those
lands had been entered in good faith and paid for,
went to the State land offices, made corresponding
entries there, paid their money, andreceived cer-
tificates.
Now, sir, what is the effect of the provision
adopted by the committee of conference? It is
not, as my friend from Arkansas says, to decide
•n the rights of individuals, or attempt to decide
on them by the action of Congress; but simply to
give, if possible, the advantage of the legislation
of Congress, not to deprive a man of a vested
right, for that we cannot do; but, as far as we
can do it, to give the preference to the original
purchaser of the land in good faith, whether he
made that purchase in the United States land
office, or in the land office of the State. There is
the whole proposition, neither more nor less than
that.
In one case, let us suppose a man has made an
entry of a piece of land, (which has been after-
wards decided to be swamp land,) and obtained a
patent from the United States land office. This
provision declares that in such a case the patent
shall issue. What is the effect of the patent'
Surely, if a man has entered the land in the State
land office, and the title of the United States was
utterly divested from the time of the passage of
the law, his patent will not avail. That is clear;
but still it will facilitate the settlement of disputes,
because there is'a very potential influence attached
to the idea of a patent. Ninety-nine men out of
ft hundred in the land States think that when a
man has a United States land patent, his title is
complete, and cannot be attacked by anybody. In
the other case, where the land has been first en-
tered in the State land office, and a conflicting
entry made in the United States land office, on
the establishment of the fact that the first entry
was made in the State land office in the manner in
which this bill provides for sending on a list of ail
the swamp lands entered in State land offices
within the period of three months, the patent is
withheld, the United States refund the money to
the man who has made the last entry. In all
cases, however, the States, if they think proper,
may cede to the United States the beneficial title
to the land.
I am surprised that my friend from Arkansas
should manifest any astonishment at the provis-
ions of this compromise, having been advocated
by gentlemen from the swamp land States. Ac-
cording to its provisions, in every case if the patent
issue to the purchaser from the United States, the
money is refunded to the State treasury. The
quantity of swamp land which may be decreed,
now or hereafter, to have belonged to any State of
this Union, cannot be diminished a single acre by
the operation of this provision. If they have not
the lands, they have the money. Now I will state
that in Louisiana, and, I believe, in every other
State, there are no swamplands held at more than
$1 25 an acre. Ithas been the policy of our State,
and, I think, in a rather more remarkable degree,
the policy of Arkansas, by putting the lands at a
low rate, to invite immediate purchase if not set-
tlement.
I have made this brief explanation of the motives
which governed the committee; and I will say,
though my experience of committees of conference
is somewhat limited, that I have never seen any
such committee in which there was so hearty ad-
hesion to the decision arrived at as in this case.
The proposition, so soon as stated, appeared so
plain, it so conciliated, as far as possible by legis-
lation, the conflicting rights of the parties as soon as
it was proposed, that it was immediately accepted
by the members of the committee on the part of
the House. I simply state the facts without any
argument upon them, that the Senate may under-
stand the principles involved in the case.
Mr. STUART. I only wish to detain the
Senate a very few minutes, and chiefly for the
purpose of satisfying the honorable Senator from
Arkansas that he was under a misapprehension in
the outset of his remarks. I am certain that, if
he had exercised his usual discrimination, he never
would have fallen into the error to which I allude.
I said to the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter]
that, as a matter of precedent, this report, being
the report of a committee of conference, never
ought to have been postponed. I suppose it is
the first time in the history of Congress, perhaps,
that such a thing was ever done. But the Senator
from Arkansas knew, and I had stated to the
Senate, that, by an understanding with him, it
was postponed until last Saturday morning, and
since that time it has been postponed against his
wishes and mine too. Now, I never undertook
to intimate that, so far as the wishes of the Sen-
ator were concerned, it was improperly postponed;
but, as a matter of precedent, the further post-
ponement of this question was wrong, and that,
as a precedent, it ought never to have been post-
poned at all. There were, however, peculiar cir-
cumstances, growing out ofthe Senator's situation,
which made that course proper in the present
case, though I think the principle of postponing
such a report a bad one.
Nov/, sir, I think that, in a very few minutes, I
can satisfactorily explain the objection which the
Senator has raised to this provision. The States
in which the swamp lands lie, in almost every
instance, have asked Congress to pass this law;
individuals have asked it, and 1 suppose it may
be safely assumed that, if the Senator from Ar-
kansas is right in respect to the effect of the law
in some instances, those instances are no more
than one in a thousand among the purchasers
under the law.
Mr. JOHNSON. The statement justmade by
the Senator is well calculated to have a strong
influence, and I wish, therefore, to call his atten-
tion to one point, for I am sure he would not will-
fully misstate any fact. He will notsay, I imagine,
that any State has requested the passage of this
provision upon the particular subject in regard to
which difficulty is now raised, in other words, I
think he will not say that any State has asked that
conflicts of title arising under the circumstances
which we have been debating, shall be settled by
any law at all.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I suppose it
would not be assumed by any Senator that a peti-
tion had been received ^indicating the particular
language of a law; but the requests are that the
patents may issue to the individual purchasers,
and that the proceeds of the purchase may be
given to the States. Now, that is the House bill.
It declares, that in all these cases where individuals
have purchased of the United States, the patent
shall issue to them, and the proceeds of the pur-
chase be paid over to the States. If sold for money
the money itself is to be paid to the State; if en-
tered by scrip or land warrants, the States are to
be authorized to enter a corresponding amount of
other Government land. The effect of the amend-
ment is simply to modify that provision in cases
where the States have themselves first sold the
land. The Senate will, therefore, see that the
objection urged by the Senator from Arkansas
applies to those cases, and those only, where the
States sold the land after the United States sold
it. I say that those cases will not bear the pro-
portion, probably, of more than one in a thou-
sand of all the cases which have occurred; so that
the amendment proposed by the committee of
conference will adjust nine hundred and ninety-
nine out of a thousand of all the cases which ex-
ist. I suppose it may be safely assumed that
there is no other general law which disposes of
the interests of the community more perfectly
than that.
Now let us consider for one moment—because
I am not going to detain the Senate—what is the
effect on the one man in a thousand. It is simply
to test, judicially, whether the land grant passed
at the date of the act or at the subsequent issuing
of the patent. That is all. There will then be
one case in a thousand when individuals may, if
they choose, test the effect of that law. I confess,
sir, I should, before a judicial tribunal, argue with
a good deal of confidence that the States held this
land from the date of the grant, upon the princi-
ple that it was a grant of all lands of a particular
character from the date, but it required time to
ascertain the extent of the grant, and that was tha
only reason why the patent was not issued imme-
diately. But, sir, that principle is retained in the
amendment to every citizen of the United States
who desires to test it.
The effect of the law, as it now stands, and aa
it will stand if this bill fail, is to prevent the quiet-
ing of the title in nine hundred and ninety-nine
cases out of a thousand where there is no dispute
about it, but where everybody wants it done.
Certainly, justice to so large a proportion of pur-
chasers of swamp land should not be withheld
because, possibly, inconvenience may arise to a
very few individuals. That is the extent of the
whole question.
I cannot consent to detain the Senate further.
I have explained all that is susceptible of explana-
tion, and I express the hope that, inasmuch aa
the House has concurred in this amendment, the
Senate will do so rather than lose the question;
because I feel authorized to say, from the knowl-
edge that was acquired in conference with the gen-
tlemen of the committee who unanimously agreed
to this report, that we are now brought to a point
where we must either deny justice to this large
proportion of settlers by losing the whole question,
or we must pass this act as it is.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him what are the States in which
these swamp lands lie which are more especially-
affected by the bill?
Mr. STUART. I understand that perhaps
Arkansas, possibly Louisiana, and perhaps Mis-
sissippi.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Louisiana very largely.
Mr. STUART. The States I have just named
are effected by this question. The State which I
in part represent is well enough off with the bill
of the House, but then Louisiana and Arkansas,
and I think, perhaps, Mississippi, require some
adjustment of this question upon some such prin-
ciple as this.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
excuse me? In my view of the subject, 1 find
Senators from those States saying the bill, aa
agreed to by the committee of conference, will not
answer the purpose of quieting the titles, while the
Senator from Michigan, speaking for them, or for
the committee, taking care of their rights, says it
will. I am perplexed between them.
Mr. STUART. There is no such difficulty aa
the Senator supposes. The Senator from Louis-
iana, who has just spoken, [Mr. Slidell,] was
one of the committee, and agrees to the report as
entirely satisfactory to his State. The Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Dotclas] was another. Hia
State is largely interested in it, and he agrees to
the amendment. One of the members on the part
of the House was from the State of Illinois, also
entertaining similar views, and agrees to it.
Mr. BENJ AMIN. I am not aware of a single
Senator from any ef the swamp land States who
is opposed to this provision of the committee of
conference, except the gentleman from Arkansas,
who has spoken, [Mr. Johnson.] There may be
some other Senators who think with him; but, in
my judgment, the legislation is as perfect as it can
be made according to the report of the committee
of conference. That cannot be improved.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am well aware of the fact
that, standing alone, I should have but little influ-
ence upon this question; but, sir, let me suggest
the Senator from Louisiana, that my colleague,
[Mr. Sebastian,] whose clear head and sound
judgment is appreciated in this body, concurs
with me fully in my opposition to this report. I
know that our opposition to it would not amount
to much if the Senators from our State were the
only representatives of the States interested in this
