1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
985
matter who opposed it. Sir, I feel this most sen-
sitively, and it is this which has caused me to
desire other Senators to consider the matter fully
before they come to a vote upon it. Feeling most
sensitively that it is a hard thing for me to contend
against such an array of intellect and of distinc-
tion as it falls to my unfortunate lot to oppose in
this instance, I cannot but ask that other Senators
whose views are entitled to higher consideration
than my own will give their attention to the
question.
Sir, it is with feelings like these that I have
ventured to protest against the passage of this pro-
vision, as unjust to a large portion of the people
whom I represent, and as unfortunate for the
clearness, distinctness, and regularity of the ac-
counts of the Treasury of the United States. I
should be very glad to have other Senators look
into my position. I have not opposed this report
from a pertinacious or contentious disposition. I
do not think I have ever distinguished myself in
this body in that particular. I merely ask gen-
tleman to give their thoughts to this subject. I
must say, however, that the report of the com-
mittee of conference is the most obscure, the most
difficult worded, the most complexly incompre-
hensible proposition that I ever saw m my life to
be drawn up by men so distinguished as those
who have presented this. I say it is entirely incom-
prehensible to any person but one familiar with
the operation and effect of the swamp land law
and its minutiae in every particular, who has seen
its effect at home within half a mile of his own
house.
I have been somewhat involved in one of these
conflicting titles. I have had to defend swamp
land titles where the United States titles were held
upon the opposite side, and vice versa. I have
been compelled, weak as might have been my
powers of perception, to look into the subject and
study it until it could be comprehended, and until
in every case where I have been consulted at
home, by friends and neighbors, it could be adju-
dicated and settled. Under such circumstances,
in obedience to the appeals of neighbors living
around my immediate home, I was compelled to
investigate the subject, and I was enabled to find
out from that knowledge the meaning of the very
skillfully and very obscurely drawn compromise
conference report which, I contend, does gross in-
justice in the disputes which exist between fifteen
thousand or twenty thousand of the people whom
I have the honor to represent here. I ask, then,
of the Senate, if they will not condemn the act,
that they will at least excuse the State which my
colleague and myself represent from being made
to suffer under its effects.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, my State is
one of those interested in this bill, and I regret
very much that I have not had the opportunity,
in the multiplicity of other engagements, to give
to it that attention which, perhaps, I oughtto have
done, and which I should now feel very glad if I
had done. It seems to me there is a great deal
more difficulty raised about the titles to these
swamp lands than there is any occasion for.
Instantly on the passage of what is known as
the swamp land act, the title to all the " swamp
and overflowed lands, rendered unfit thereby for
cultivation," was passed to the States in which
they lay. Their title was imperfect, it is true; but,
nevertheless, it was such a title as barred this
Government from selling those swamp and over-
flowed lands to any one else. The lands, however,
had not been selected, and could not be designated
by the purchasers of public lands, or by the public
officers. Hence it sometimes happened that a
man entered land at the Government minimum of
§1 25 an acre, supposing it not to be swamp or
overflowed land, and afterwards it turns out that
it was covered by the grant. So soon as the title
of the State was perfected by the selection and
the approval of that selection, the State went on
to sell the same lands to somebody else at the
price she fixed on it. Now, according to the law
of the case, who has the title to the land—the pur-
chaser under the Federal Government, which, it
is admitted, had no right to sell, or the purchaser
under the State Government, which had the title,
and therefore had the right to sell ? It seems to
me there is no necessity for controversy about a
proposition so plain. All that can be done under
such circumstances, with propriety, is, for the
Federal Government to return tlie money to the
person purchasing from it, upon the principle that
it had no title to convey, and therefore had no
right to sell, and let the purchase under the State
stand as valid, because it is a purchase from a
party holding a title, and from the only party who
did hold the title.
This being the state of things, how can Con-
gress with propriety interpose? Can you make
good your own title when it is admitted that you
had none at the time of the sale? When you ad-
mit that the title was in the State' and not in the
Federal Government, how can you, by legislation
or otherwise, sell the land and make the title per-
fect? You may go on and legislate; but your
legislation is mere brutum fulmen; it amounts to
nothing. It may have the effect of involving
innocent parties in litigation without cause, be-
cause the purchaser from the Federal Government,
feeling that he is backed up by the Government,
who gave him his title, will stand upon it, and will
undertake to contest it, whereas the purchaser
from the State Government, feeling assured that
he has legal title to the land, will insist upon
holding it. It does seem to me, if I understand
this bill as proposed to be amended, that it is a
proposition to put men by the ears, throw them
into court to settle that which can be settled better
out of court, under the decisions of your depart-
ments, which I think are thus far right. I under-
stand the ruling of the Department to have been
that the purchaser under the Federal Government
of these swamp lands, since the passage of the
swamp land act, got no title; that they received
his money through mistake, under the belief the
land was not swamp or overflowed; but when it
turned out, afterwards, that it was covered by the
grant, they have ruled that the money should be
returned to the party from whom they received it.
That is the law.
Mr. DAWSON. Of the State?
Mr. BROWN. No, sir; the Federal Govern-
ment has done it. The land is not subject to
entry, and is in the same category with school
lands and military reservations, and all other
reservations of the Government. When it was
purchased it was purchased by mistake. All that
was necessary to be done, was simply to return
the party his money. I cannot see for the life of
me how the difficulty is to be cured by this legis-
lation.
I understand my friend from Louisiana [Mr.
Slidell] to say that it is not proposed to confer
the title absolutely, but to do all you can do.
Well, sir, how much is all you can do? Simply
to give the purchaser the assurance that you will
stand by the title which you confer on him, and
thereby entice him to stand a lawsuit, when, if
you did not interfere in the matter, he would
receive his money from the Government, feeling
that he had an assurance from the proper quarter
that he had no title, and could not hold the land.
Now, sir, how is this going to work in prac-
tice? A purchased a section of land from the
Government at §1 25 an acre, and it afterwards
turns out to be swamp land. The Federal Gov-
ernment, under this provision, instead of return-
ing A his money, pays it over to the State. That
is your proposition.
Mr. SEWARD. Is that the proposition of the
committee of conference?
Mr. BROWN. That is the proposition of this
bill. I do not know whether it comes from the
committee of conference or is the original prop-
osition. Instead of returning the money to the
party who paid it, to whom you are conveying no
title, you hand his money over to the State. The
State has, in the mean time, gone on and sold the
land to B, at her price, say fifty cents an acre,
and put that money into her treasury. The
State, therefore, is twice paid for the same land,
and two of her citizens are put by the ears to
decide which has the right to it. If I understand
this proposition, it is simply to promote litiga-
tion, and I shall, therefore, vote against it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I have been
asked by some friends around me to state, in a few
words, to the Senate, the difficulty which has
arisen, and my own views about the propriety of
the adoption of this report of the committee of
conference. I am persuaded that, if my friend
from Mississippi had studied the subject, he would
have joined me in urging the adoption of the
report, instead of making the speesh which he has
just made against it.
The state of facta is one exceedingly simple.
Congress passed a law granting to the several
States of the Union the swamp lands remaining
unsold within their respective limits. Now, every
gentleman will understand at once that, until those
swamp lands were designated, until they were
selected, nobody could tell which were the lands
that, by the act of Congress, were so granted.
The consequence was, that a year or two elapsed
before those lands were designated and so appro-
priated, under the act of Congress, as to vest the
legal title in the States. During that interval, the
public land offices of the General Government
remained open. Men, ignorant whether certain
lands would or would not be included in the State
grant, perhaps ignorant of the existence of the
State grant, went to the United States land offices
in the ordinary course of business, purchased
lands which they required, and paid for them.
Mr. BUTLER. And which, I suppose, were
not swamp lands.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Whether they were or
were not is a matter of no consequence in regard
to the controversy now arising, because that con-
troversy only relates to those which were after-
wards included as swamp lands. When thelanda
came afterwards to be selected by the States, it
was found that some sales made by the General
Government were of lands already included in the
State grant. The General Government then found
itself in the position of having sold land after
having given it away. But, so far as the States
were concerned, there was no difficulty, because
none of the States of this Union would, under such
circumstances, claim the lands from their own cit-
izens. What was done, then, was simply this:
the General Government, with the consent of the
State, paid over to the State the price it had re-
ceived, and the purchaser obtained his land as if
the General Government had acted as State agent.
But, sir, the difficulties which arise are these:
In some cases not only was the land sold by the
General Government to a private individual, but
the States established land offices, and sold the
land to other citizens, under the swamp land law;
and now two sets of persons come before the
Commissioner of the General Land Office asking
for a patent. One says, " I bought from theUni-
ted States Government, and I want my patent for
the land which I bought and paid for." The other
says, " 1 bought from the State, which had a prior
title under the general swamp land law, and I want
the patent." Here are two private claimants for
the patent. The question is, to which of the two
shall the Commissioner of the General Land Office
issue the Government patent? thus divesting the
legal title of the Government, and leaving the
parties to assert their equitable rights in the courts
of justice.
The committee of conference has reported on
this basis, they say, as a general rule, when a
man goes to either one or the other office in the
State, and enters land which has already been
entered by another, he knows that fact. It may
occasionally occur that a man may have gone to
one office and entered land which had been pre-
viously entered by another, without a knowledge
i of the fact; but those who know what the land
States are know perfectly well that in ninety-nine
cases out of one hundred, the man who went to
the State office to enter land, after it had been
entered in the land office of the General Govern-
ment, or went to the office of the General Govern-
ment to enter land that had been entered in the
State land office, knew perfectly well that the land
had been entered by one of his fellow-citizens
before, and was trying to raise litigation with him
for a choice piece of land. Now, this Governmest
has to choose between these two sets of entries.
You have got to give the legal title to one or the
other. You must abandon the legal right of the
Government to one of the two. Will you give it
I to the man who last, entered, or to the man who
! first entered ? Which of the two will you choose
as the recipients of the legal fee, leaving the ques-
' tion of eauitable title to the decision of the courts?
| The committee of conference has thought it will
j conform with equity in ninety-nine cases out of
' one hundred, to give the legal fee, the muniment
1 of title, to the first locator, and leave the other to
assert his equitable title, if any he have, in the
courts of justice. In ninety-nine cases out of one
hundred the possession of this legal muniment of
title will determine the controversy; but if there
