966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
be any exceptional case, where the second locator
has the higher equity, this bill leaves him to assert
that higher equity in the proper courts of equity.
A question has been raised, and something has
been suated, by some of my friends, in relation to
the effect of the act of Congress which conveyed
the swamp lands to the States. Now, as a law-
yer, I have not the slightest doubt or hesitation
on that subject. J speak, perhaps, with a greater
force of conviction than I ought to do on a ques-
tion which is contested, from the fact that I argued
that very point before the Supreme Court at its
last session, and 1 had it determined, in one of my
own cases, a few months ago. The law is, accord-
ing to that decision, that the State had no title to
those lands which would evict a purchaser under
the General Government until the lands were
designated and located under the direction of the
proper officers of the United States land office, so
as to designate the particular land included by the
grant of the General Government.
Mr JOHNSON. Will the gentleman state the
title of that case?
Mr. BENJA.MIN". It is one to which I have
referred the Senator privately, the case of Foley
vs. Harrison; but that case refers to a dozen
previous cases in which the same principle was
repeatedly recognized.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should be very elad if the
Senator would state any ground on which he re-
lied in that cppo ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not think this the
place to discuss the legal question; and I am not
going to discuss it; 1 simply state to the innate
my lull and entire conviction that such is the law.
It muy not be the law. I am liable to err. I have
no question on it myself, however. My friend j
from South Carolina who sits next to me, [Mr. I
Evan8,] snys that must be the law; no other law \
is possible. There is no doubt I think m the !
mind of all land lawyers that ouch is the law. j
Now, as I said before, the question is for Con- !
gress to legislate to which, of two sets of parties i
it will grant the legal fee, to those who first, or
those who last entered the land. The committee
of conference think that in ninety-nine cases of
one hundred the equitable rights of the parties
•will be best preserved by giving the legal fee to
those who first entered, leaving the parties who
purchased afterwards to settle their equitable rights
in the courts of equity. I believe that to be right,
and I shall support the report.
Mr. BROWN. I have no doubt myself that
the Senator from Louisiana has stated the law of
the case which he cited very correctly; that is,
that up to the time when the land was designated,
the State had no right to sell or convey the title,
that the State had an inchoate title from the Gov-
ernment, a title which would not justify her in
selling, herself, but is it not. nevertheless, such a
title as forbade u,e Federal Government from sell-
ws i he same land ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Unquestionably; but any-
body that knows the fact is buying land already
ceded.
Mr. BROWN. Precisely. Then,sir,t!:e whole
case is covered by the statement I first made in
reference to it. 1 know very well the State cannot
sell the land until it has been designated underfhe
law; but the grant, having been made, the Federal
Government cannot sell it. Neither pai ty can sell
uniil something else is done beyond the mere act
of granting it; and that something else must be
the selection of it—the designation of it under the
same law. My friend from Louisiana, however, i
now misstates one proposition, and it is that the I
second purchase* must necessarily know that the
land has been sold to somebody else.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I said it might very well
happen ihat the second pmchaser did not know;
land, and be enabled to ascertain that the same
land was entered at the Federal land office in New
Orleans?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would not go there to
find it out, but if I went to Baton Rouge to enter
land I should take very good care to look at both
offices to see whether the land had been entered
before, unless I wished to join the body of land
sharks, of whom I know there are a great many
in my own State and other land States.
Mr. BROWN. Let me take the case of my
own State. The State government has one land
office at Jackson. The Federal Government has
five land offices, and some of them are distant one
hundred and fifty miles from the seat of govern-
ment. Suppose A goes to the land office at Pon-
totoc, for instance, to-day, and enters a quarter
section of land; and B goes to-morrow, or next
month, or even next year, to the State land office
in Jackson, and enters the same land, how can
the land agent there tell what lias been going on
at the Federal land office one hundred and fifty
miles off?
Mr. SHIELDS. Having listened to the state-
ment of the principle laid down by the Senator
from Louisiana, I desire to state my recollection
of the principle established in the General Land
Office. It is that in case of a general grant, such
as this, of swamp lands or any other lands to a
State, that grant, as the Senator from Louisiana
said, is imperfect until there is a designation of
the lands and until they are set&parl by the Gen-
era! Land Office. But when the lands are desig-
nated and set apart by the Department, then it
strikes me the title in the State is complete and
perfewt.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is the law.
Mr. SHIELDS. I think the Senator went a
little further, and, if I did not misunderstand him,
he said it required an individual location in addi-
tion to that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. No, sir, I sa>id the desig-
nation or location.
Mr. SFIIELDS. Then the principle of the
honorable Senator is correct, that in this case, for
instance, where a general grant of swamp lands
was made to the States, it was neccssary,in order
to perfect that grant that those lands should be
first designated and set apart by the Department.
Mr. BENJAMIN. No doubt about that.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, I consider
this a very important question, and one which, if
decided in one way, will involve the Government
in a very large amount of money to be repaid for
lands sold. If I understand the question rightly,
undpr a law passed in 18.r<0, containing but three
sections, the whole difficulty arises. "The rights
of the States, in the flr.it place, were secured in the
first section of that act, and as it has not yet been
read, permit me to read it to the Senate:
ccThat lo enal)'e the State of Arkansas to construct llic
nco(;<s;iry levels arid drains to reeirum tho swamp land-;
i therein, the whole of thnsp swamp and overflowed lands
made unlit thereby for cultivation, wind) shall remain un-
sold at the pas-sajjo <>l this act, shall be, and the same are
heicby, grained to said state.55
As I understand this act, none but the over-
flowed and swamp lands unfit, for cultivation were
granted to the States. Who had the right, up
; to the time when the patent was made out, to
j judge whether lands were overflowed and unfit for
I cultivation or not-1 Of course every man in the
: United States had a right to enter attract of land,
; and whenever he entered it, and paid his money,
i and .o-n? the certificate, the title to the land neces-
and
eaiily vested in him; but what do tiie States do
now ? The States insist that, although those lands
were taken up by individuals, the money paid to
the Uiiited States, at the rate of 25 an acre, and
a certificate given, yet, at asubsequenttime, when-
i „jL , > v,— : . * s'v«-"  j'tij «i asu>jc>euuem inne, wnen-
^aTI!5!hC0.nt,"'?n_ofii fv,e.rAbe>d8 surveyed,   - to ascertain
things in ihe land States, knew that, m a large
majority of cases, the man who made the second
entry knew that some one else had entered before
himself.
Mr. DROWN. That is precisely the case that
I stated, and on that I take issue with my friend,
and I Wil! show him that it is impossible he can
be light. The purchasers under the United States
purchase at several land offices. The purchasers
under the State government purchase at the State
land office. There is no affinity between the two.
how can my fuend go into the State land office
what were swamp, and what were overflowed, if
any mistake occurred, and lands were returned as
swamp lands which were in the possession of in-
dividuals, those tracts should belong to the States,
notwithstanding the sale made by the United
States.
_Mr. HUNTER. I ask the Senator from Geor-
gia to give way for the purpose of allowing me to
move to postpone theprior oidfrs, in order to take
up the mail steamer appropriation bill.
®"^FART. I hope that will not be done.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator from Geor-
61 Butwn RouSe  if tii*re be en# there, to cnur !i gift allow me to make the motion /
Mr. DAWSON'. Certainly.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone the prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the mail
steamer appropriation bill.
Mr. STUART. I shall resist this and all other
motions of the kind, so far as I can, until this
question be disposed of. I certainly regret very
much to stand in the way of the Senator from
Virginia, being on the same committee with him;
but there was an understanding, so far as I could
make it with him, that I should have an opportu-
nity to dispose of this question, and another of
equal importance 
Mr. HUNTER. I never agreed to any such
thin;;. I said I would wait until one o'clock, and
that hour hns now arrived.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Virginia.
Mr. JOHNSON. I feel bound to vote against
that motion, because I have bten, in some meas-
ure, the cause of delay on this subject, and I wish
to have it disposed of. I believe that, by following
it up consecutively, we shall get along better than
by debating it now, and then postponing it, and
having it debated over again.
Mr. GWIN. It is well known that we have
three or four appropriation bills, among them the
civil and diplomatic bill, which have not yet been
acted upon. This is a mere isolated question.
The two Houses have acted upon the whole bill
but one point; and it is perfectly certain that, be-
fore the adjournment, we can vote upon that.
Then why not allow us take up the appropriation
bills, and make some progress with them? The
Senator from Georgia may speak an hour, and
there is no knowing when the debate will be ended.
Mr. SEWARD. I am in favor of the mail
steamer bill, as all know; but 1 think we had bet-
ter give the parties time now to close the present
debate. It cannot takelong to finish the question,
and I shall, therefore, vote against the motion.
Mr. ADAMS. I hope this question will be
postponed. Important principles are involved in
it. It is evident that there are differences of opinion
in regard to legal rights. I consider this as an
attempt to legislate upon the subject of legal and
vested rights involving important questions which
cannot be decided in a moment. I hope the motion
of the Senator from Virginia will prevail. The
argument on this subject has convinced me that
there should be no legislation upon it.
Mr. HUN ITER called for the yeas and nays on
his motion; and they were ordered.
Mr. STUART. I mean to put myself right
upon this question. It is known to everybody that
it is impossible to limit debate in the Senate; we
have no rule that will do it; and hence, unless there
can be some understanding when a subject is faitly
before the Senate, that it shall be disposed of, the
grossest injustice is being done. An appropriation
bill will always be passed; there is no difficulty
about that. You can easily sit it out. If you get
up an appropriation bill to-day, you can sit here
until twelve o'clock to-night, for there is a genera'
disposition to finish it; but any other bill, except
an appropriation bill, can be killed by an adjourn-
ment at four o'clock. We had an example of that
yesterday. A bill of almost as much importance
to the country at large as an appropriation bill
was then under consideration, but the Senate
generally did not so understand it, and voted to
adjourn, although we might have disposed of that
bill in lil'teen or twenty minutes. Now, in the
morning hour we take up a bill, and, by a general
discussion of the Senate, it is run on beyond one
0 clock. Then an appropriation bill comes in its
way, and if that appropriation bill be disposed of
at four o'clock there is a motion to adjourn, and
you cannot take up any other bill.
Mr. GWIN. Will the friends of this measure
agree to take the vote at two o'clock'
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. We are willing to take the
vote now.
Mr. STUART. We are willing to take it as
soon as the Senator from Georgia shall be through.
Mr. DAWSON. I shall not stand in the way
of allowing the question to be taken.
k^everal Senators. That is right.
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot consent to let this
subject go by without making a few more remarks
on it. It is not my desire to delay time by speak-
ing- The Senate will clear me of that. I know
