1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
971
the gentleman. Otherwise I will not yield the
floor.
CHARLES H. POINTER.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. 1 ask the unanimous
consent of the House to allow me to move to take
up the bill referred to, and have the Committee of
the Whole House discharged from its further con-
sideration.
There lieinsr no objection, it was, on motion by
Mr. EDMUNDSON,
Orr'«ra/, That the Committee of thp Whole ITouse be
discharged from the further consideration of House bill
(No. 777) for ihe relief uf Charles EI. Pointer.
The bill was then taken up and read. It directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Charles H. Pointer on the roll of invalid pensions
of the United States, at the rate of eight dollars
per month; and that said pension commence from
1st of January, 1854, and continue during his life.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I ask the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and rea.l a third time—
Mr. WITTE. I rise to a question of privilese.
I desire simply to ask my friend from California
[Mr. Latham] this question: whether if, as it
seems to be a custom here, of the courtesy of
which I very much approve, I ask him to yield
tne the floor after this matter is disposed of, he
will extend to me the same courtesy which heh{is
extended to the gentleman from Virginia?
Mr. LATHAM. I cannot do it.
Mr. WIFTE. Then I object.
Mr. EDMUJNDSON. 1 have had the unani-
mous consent of the House to dispose of this
matter.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engiossed, it was ac-
cordingly read a third time, and passed.
UNITED STATES CIRCUIT COURT.
Mr. LATHAM. I now renew my motion to
suspend the rules, for the purpose of taking up
and acting upon Senate bill (No. 589) to establish
a circuit court of the United States in and for the
State of California.
Pending the reading of the bill,
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said: I sup-
pose it is hardly necessary that the bill should be
read through. It is for the establishment of a cir-
cuit court in California, and the appointment of
one judge at a salary of f>4 500. The provisions j
of the bill are mere details necessary for the es-
tablishment of that court, and there is no necessity
of reading the bill through at length.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous wish of
the House that the reading of the bill be dispensed
with?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The bill must be
read through before it is passed. If the reading
of the bill is dispensed with now, I shall call for
it upon its engrossment.
The Clerk then completed the resting of the
bill.
Mr. LATHAM. I merely wish to state that
this bill has been acted favorably upon by both
the Judiciary Committees of the Senate and the
House.
The question was then taken; and the rules were
suspended.
Mr. LATHAM. I now move to put the bill
upon its passage.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and having been read the third time, it was sub-
sequently passed.
Mr. LATHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table; which latter mo-
tion was agreed to.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. I desire to take
from the Speaker's table Senate bill (No. 511)
granting bounty land to certain officers and sol-
diers who have been engaged in the military ser-
vice of the United State-, of which I gave notice
a few days ago. I am very anxious to put it upon
its passage now, and I move to suspend the rules
for that purpose.
Mr. DISNEY. 1 trust that the gentleman will
withdraw his motion until the amendments have
been primed.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. If I wait, 1 shall
never get the floor again.
Mr. BENTON. I presented an elaborate amend-
ment to this bill, which was ordered to be printed
last Saturday, but which has not yet come up. 1
have sent after it, and I hope that the motion will
go over until the amendment comes up.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I wish to propound
a question to the gentlemen from Pennsylvania,
before I vote upon this question, and it is this: Is
it the intention of the gentleman and the friends
of this particular bill to call the previous ques-
tion, and put it. upon its passage, or leave it open
for debate und amendment?
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. If I get the bill
before the House, I wish to state now that I myself
and the friends of the bill desire at least one
amendment to be made to it. There is a proviso
in the first section which excludes from the ben-
efits of the act a portion of the soldiers of the war
of 1812, which 1 think is unjust, and which I
believe the friends of the bill consider as unjust. 1
say to gentlemen upon this floor, who represent
that portion of the soldiers who are excluded by
that proviso, that I will make the motion myself
to strike out that proviso.
Mr. BENTON. The public interests require
that this bill should be examined.
Mr. DAVIS. I am not opposed to a reasonable
extension of the acts of Congress granting bounty
lands to the soldiers of the wars in which we have
been engaged, but 1 say now that I cannot and
will not vole for the bill in its present shape;and,
inasmuch as the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
as I understand him, intends to call the previous
question and thereby cut off all amendments ex-
cept one, and that an immatennl one, I shall vote
against the suspension of the rules; and, as an act
of justice, 1 ask that a communication from the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, which
was handed me this morning, may be read for the
information of the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. To what does the commu-
nication relate?
Mr. DAVIS. It is a communication from the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, stating
the amount of the public lands that will be taken
up by this bill, if it passes. I understand that the
whole amount will be some two hundred millions
of acres of land. I ask that the communication to
which I refer may be read.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the read-
ing of the communication?
Mr. KERR. I object.
Mr. HAMILTON'. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania if the rules are suspended
whether he will not defer the consideration of this
bill until to-morrow, so that the amendment I have
offered, as well as the amendments which other
gentlemen have submitted, may be printed and laid
before the House'
Mr. MACE. I rise to a question of order, that
it is not in order to ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, or anybody else, a question.
Mr. WENTWORTFl, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays upon the suspension of the
rules; which were ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to inquire whether the
letter of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office does not show that, to satisfy the provisions
of the bill, it will require two hundred million acres
of land ?
Mr. KERR. I object to all inquiry.
Mr. DAWSON. The bill ought to be amended
before it is passed, for the reason that, to satisfy
the claims under the provisions of the bill, it will
require an amount of land equal in area to the
original States, which carried us through the war
of the Revolution, and that it will amount to about
double the quantity of land which the Govern-
ment has sold since the establishment of the Land
Office in 1787 up to the present time.
[Cries of "Order!" from all parts of the Hall.]
Mr. BENTON. And the land is not in our
America to satisfy the bill.
[Cries of " Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. Will the House
permit me to say a word ?
[Cries of " Order!" and "No!" " No !"]
The SPEAKER. There is no order of the
House.
The question was then taken; and resulted—
yeas 12G, nays 51; as follows:
YEAS—Mesen. Appleton, Ashe, Thorn** H. Bayly,
Ball, Barksdale, Bennett, Benson, Bridges, Bristow, Bug?,
Campbell, Carpenter, Ca-kie, Chandler, Chase, Cna<-
tain, Chrisinan, Clark, Cool!. Corwin, Cox, CrocKi-r, cut-
loft!. Curtis, Thomas Davis, !>e Wilt, Diekmxwi, Dunbar,
Dunham, Thomas D. Elioi, John M. Elliott, Ellison, En -
!i>h. Etherntge. Ewtiari, Farley, Fenton, Rurence. G:im-
b e,'Uidding<, Goodrich, Green, Grey, Andrew J. Harlan,
Harrison, Haven, Hie ter, Howe, llualies. Hunt, tnger-
S'lll, DanielT. Jones, Kerr, KidwHI. Knox, Kuriz. Lane,
Lewis, Lilly, Lindley, McCulloch, McMulln, MoN .ir.
Mace, Maiteson, Maurice, May, Middloswarih, M rgait,
Murray, Noble, Norton, Olds, Andrew Oliver, Pack- r,
Parker, Peck, Peckham, Pennington, Bishop Perkins,
Powell, Pratt, Preston, 1'rmgle, Puryear, Ready, H'-e>e,
Stichar(l>on, David Ritchie, Thomas Ritehcy, It hbin-',
Rogers, Roive, Ruffm, Russell, Sabin, Sage. Sapp, Show-
er, Simmons, Skelton, William Smith, dollers, It-chard
II. Sianion, Stratton.Strauh, David Smart,John J. Tajlur,
John L. Taylor, Nalh.'ifnel G. Taylor, Tillei, Trout,
Tweed, Hpham, Vansant, Walley, Clfihu B. tVa-hburtie,
Israel Wa&hliurn, John VVentworth, Tappan VY'entivorih,
WVhlbrooU, Wheeler, Whip, Daniel B, Vv'righl, IleitdricU
i! Wrr'hl, Yale*, and Znlhenfier—123.
NAYd—.Messrs. Abercnnnbie, Aiken, Jatne- C. Al-
len, David J. Bailey, Harry, [jeleher, Centon. Boyee,
Brooks, Caruthers, Chamberlain, Oulib, Craiae. John G.
Davis, Dawson, Disney. Dowdell, Kas'inan Eihlv. Ed^er
mu, Fuller, Hamilton, Aaron liar.an, Il< udricks, Uthbard,
Houston. Johnson, George W. Jones, Rtriaml K' ft,
L.imb, Leicher, Lindsley, Maedmialil, MrD.ingill. Me
Qii"en, Millson, Nichols, Mordecai Oliver, O r, Phelps,
Phillips, Seymour, Shannon, Shaw, George VV. Sinjih,
Ilfstor I.. Stevens, Andrew Stuart, Wade, Walker, and
Wells—51.
So the rules were suspended, two thirds voting
in favor therpof.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. I now ask that the
bill be taken up.
The bi'l was accordingly taken up, and read
a first and second time in extenso.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH obtained the floor.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Will the gentleman f.om
Pennsylvania permit me to ask for the leading of'
the report of the Commissioner of Pensions before
we proceed to act upon the bill ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is a communi-
cation in answer to a resolution of the House, and
before we can proceed to vote unon the bill intel-
ligently, we certainly ought to have the information
which the call of the House has brought out.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. If I do not lose the
floor thereby, 1 have no objection to the commu-
nication being read.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I believe there is no objec-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama asks for the reading of a paper which he
designates. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
consents to it, and, if there is no objection, it will
be read.
Mr. MACE. I object to the reading.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I rise to a question of order.
Can a single member object to the reading of a
paper?
Th SPEAKER. But it iscompetent, by a rote
of the House, to order a paper read.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move that the paper be
read.
The question was put; and the motion waa
agreed to.
The communication was then read, as followst
Department of tiie [nterior, ?
Washington, i-ebruury 26, 185>. $
Sir: In obpdietice to the reso'ution of the House of
Representatives of the 21st instant, [ have the honor to
transmit herewith a report from the Commissioner of Pen
sions of the present date, of the quantity of !ai:d whieh
wjii probably be required to satisfy the claims provided tor
by the bounty land bill recently pa??cd by the Senate, and
now pending before the Ilouse of Representatives.
1 am, &ir, with much respect, vonr obedient servant,
R McCLELLAND, Secretary.
To the Hon. Linn Boyd, Speaker of the Home oj Repre-
sentatives.
Report referred to in the above letter:
Pension Office, February OS, 1855.
Sin j The resolution of the H« u*e of Representatives of
the 21st instant, requesting vou " to inform the Rous-, ns
soon as practicable, what quantityof laud will probably be
required to satisfy the claims provided for bv the ' ounty
land bill recently passed by the Senate of the Uriited Staies,
and now pending before the [Iou«e," having been referred
to ine, I have the honor to submit ihe following r« port:
In analyzing said bill, I find the following classes of per-
sons are embraced in its provisions, to wif
I. The surviving, and the widows or minor children
deceased, officers and soldiers who were regularly musrered
into the service in the Army of the United Slates, in any of
the wars since 1790, and served therein a period of fourteen
days, and shall not have deserted or been disbomuaVy dis-
charged, whose service shall have been proved by rrenrd
evidenee; provided one hundred and sixty acres of land
has not heretofore been received for the military service of
eueh officer or soldier.
II. The surviving, and the w'dows or minor children of
deceased, militia men- volunteers, or State troops of any
