THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
State or Territory, who have been called into military ser-
vice, and regularly mustered therein, who have served four-
teen days, and whose services have been paid by the Uni-
ted States subsequent to the 18th day of June, 1812, winch
shall be proved by record evidence, and who have not
heretofore received ene hundred and sixty acres of land
for military service.
III. The surviving, and widows and minor children of
deceased, officers—commissioned and non-commissioned
—seamen, ordinary seamen, marines, clerks, and lands-
men, who have served fourteen days in the Navy of the
United States, in any of the wars since 1790, whose ser-
vice shall be proved by record evidence; provided such
person has not heretofore received one hundred and sixty
acres of land.
IV. The surviving, and the widows or minor children of
deceased, Indians who have, in like manner, served, and
whose services shall be in like manner proved, and who
have not received one hundred and sixty acres of land.
V. The widows of the officers and soldiers of the revolu-
tionary war, who served therein fourteen days, whose ser-
vice shall be proved by record evidence, and who have not
heretofore received one hundred and sixty acres of land.
VI. The volunteers who served at the invasion of Platts-
bur?, in September, 1814.
VII. Chaplains who served with the Army in any of said
wars.
VIII. The volunteers who served at Lewislown, Dela-
ware, when that place was attacked by the British fleet, m
the war of 1812.
IX. The surviving, and the widows or children of de-
ceased, officers and privates in any of the wars in which
this country has been engaged, who have performed mili-
tary service against the public enemy, though not regularly
called or mustered into service.
Many of the persons embraced in the two first of these
classes are now beneficiaries under the acts of February 11,
1847, September 28, 1850, and March 22, 1852. The pro-
visions of the present bill merely enlarge the provisions of
said acts by giving to all persons in service fourteen days
one hundred and fcixty acres of land each. There are seven
thousand eight hundred and eighty-six persons who have
received forty acres each under the act of February 11,
1847. and one huudred and twelve thousand one hundred
and fifteen persons who have each received forty acres un-
der the acts of September^, 1850, and March 1850, who
will each be entiited to one hundred and twenty acres un-
der this bill. There are fifty-eight thousand nine hundred
 nd forty-one persons who have each received eighty acres
under the two last mentioned acts who will each be enti
tied toiecetve eighty acres under this bill. Besides these
there will doubtless be thirty thousand persons whose ser-
vice was short of one month that will be entitled under this
bill. The apgregate amount of land necessary to satisfy
the claims of these two classes will be about twenty-three
million eight hundred and fifteen thousand acres.
I have no reliable data on winch to predicate an estimate
for the third class. It may be safely estimated that sixty
thousand persons have been engaged in the naval service
of the United States in ail the wars since 1790, and it is
probable that one half this number will be beneficiaries
under tlus bill.
.The number of claimants in the fourth class may reach
eight thousand.
There arc over six thousand widows of revolutionary
aoldicrs now pensioners under the various acts. Itts highly
probable that the number of those whose husbands' services
were not such as to entitle them to pensions, but who
served fourteen days, will make the whole number of this
class ten thousand.
The number of claimants embraced in the sixth, seventh,
and eighth classes is merely conjectural, but may amount
to five thousand.
1 am unable to form any estimate, even by conjecture,
of the number embraced in the ninth class. This class is
created by the thirteenth section of the bill, which piovides:
"That such of the surviving officers and privates who, in
any of the wars in which this country has been engaged,
performed military service against the public enemy, though
not regularly callod or mustered into service of the United
States, and the widows and children of such officers and
privates as are dead, shall be entitled to all the benefits of
the first and second sections of this act." It seems to be
the object of this section to give bounty land to all persons
who have served m any capacity against the public enemy
in any of the wars in which this country has ever been
engaged, without any regard to the time they served, and
to the widows and children (not minor children) of such of
those persons as have deceased. If this be the final con-
struction of the language used, the number of the benefi-
ciaries created by it will be nearly equal to the whole mili-
tary force engaged m all our wars since our Independence.
I know of no data by which to estimate this number. The
quantity of land that would be required to meet this demand
will be immense.' It will probably exceed one hundred
millions, and may exceed two hundred millions of acres.
It is true this section may receive a more limited construc-
tion; but, like other laws giving gratuities, it will, in the
end, be likely to receive the most liberal construction.
Without making any estimate for this class, it may be safely
estimated that the other classes will require more^than thirty-
two millions of acres to satisfy their demands; a sum ex-
ceeding by one million of acres the whole amount of land
donated by all the Jaws passed by Congress since the revo-
lutionary war.
There is another section in this bill, which, though not
alluded to by the resolution referred to me, should not pass
unnoticed. The seventh section provides "That, from
and after the passage of this act, ail persons now enrolled
upon the invalid pension list, whose pensions have been
allowed under any general law or laws, shall be entitled to
receive, if a commissioned officer, twenty-one per centum
upon the amount now allowed, and non-commissioned offi-
cers and privates forty-two per centum on the amount now
allowed or paid under existing Jaws." If this section be-
comes a law it will increase the stipends of this class of
pensioners for about sixteen months, for which estimates
have already been sent to Congress, and appropriations
made therefor at the present rates of pension. The whole
increase will be about $232,700, and will leave the appropri-
ations for the year ending June 30,1855, deficient about
$59,000, and for the year ending 30th of June, 1856, about
$173,700. This deficiency should be provided for before
the adjournment of Congress. It is riot clear, from the
language of this section, that Navy invalids are to receive
the benefit of this act, there being two lists of invalid pen-
sioners—one the Army list, and the other the Navy list. It
has been usual to name both class of pensioners when both
have been intended. But the section provides only for
those now enrolled, not for such as may hereafter be en-
rolled. Is it intended to make a distinction in pensioners
of the same class, by giving to those who shall be admitted
before the passage of the act a larger sum than those ad-
mitted after the said act is approved ? I am of the opinion
that the annual stipends of the lower grades of the invalid
pensioners should be increased; but,in making provision
lor such increase, further provision should be made, so that
the increase could be graduated by their present degree of
disability.
I make these suggestions for your own consideration, in
case this section should become a law.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, L. 1\ WALDO, Commissioner.
Hon. R. McClelland, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. CRAIGE. Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish to
say a few words.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CRAIGE. This,.Mr. Speaker, is an im-
portant question. It seems to be the giving away
of the whole of our public domain; and, in my
judgment, should not be passed on in haste or
passion. It ought to be referred to one of the
committees, there to receive proper investigation.
I move that it be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot take
the floor from the gentleman from Pennsylvania
for the purpose of submitting that motion.
Mr. CRAIGE. I have a question of order.
The bill provides that the commissioned officers
shall receive twenty-one per cent, on the pension
which they are now entitled to; and that non-
commissioned officers shall receive forty-two per
cent, on their present pension. It makes an ap-
propriation out of the Treasury, and ought, there-
fore, to go for its first consideration to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
Commissioner to say, in his report, that the pas-
sage of the bill will involve an expenditure of
money; but in the bill there is no provision for
drawing money from the Treasury of the United
States.
Mr. LETCHER. I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to yield to me for a suggestion.
Mr. MIDDLES WARTH. I yield to the gen-
tleman for that purpose.
Mr. LETCHER. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman the propriety of striking out the word
" minor" in the fourth and fifth lines ofthesecond
section, and the proviso, that those shall be consid-
ered minors who are so at the time this act shall
take effect; so that the section would read:
Sfc. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in case of the
dcatli of any person wtio, if living, would be entitled to a
certificate or warrant a*. aforesaid under tins act, leaving a
widow, or, if no widow, a child or children, such widow,
or, if no widow, such child or children, shall be entitled 10
receive a certificate or warrant for tlie same quantity of
land that such deceased person would be entitled to receive
under the provisions of this act, if now living: Provided,
That a subsequent marriage sball not impair the right of
any such widow to such warrant, if she be a widow at the
tune of making her application.
Mr. BENTON. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me to say a word ?
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. The gentleman
will excuse me. I desire, in the first place, to get
my amendment before the House. I gave notice
last night of my intention to move that the pro-
viso to the first section be stricken out, and it is
my intention now to fulfill that promise. 1 do
not intend, however, to inflict a speech upon the
House. There is not a member here who has not
considered the matter, and who does not under-
stand the provisions of the bill just as well as I
do. I have never had the bill before me as a
member of a committee. I have only taken it up
as a member of the House. And having made
the motion to take up the bill for consideration,
I have promised certain gentlemen in the House
that I would move an amendment. Having made
that promise, I am in honor bound to move the
amendment. I move to strike out the last proviso
to the first section of the bill, which is as follows:
« Jlnd-provided further, That no officer, non-commis-
sioned officer, or private, of the militia or volunteers, who
was called out for the service of any State, and refused by
the authorities of such State to be placed in the service of
the United States, shall be entitled to the benefits of this
act."
Several Members sought the floor.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. I know there are
many members who desire to offer amendments,
and who wish to submit remarks; but I am afraid
that, if I give way, we shall never get through
with the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to suggest
an amendment in the first section; and if it does
not meet the views of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and the views of the friends of this bill,
it will, of course, go for nothing. In the first sec-
tion I find this clause:
—" or State troops of any State or Territory, called into
military service, and regularly mustered therein, and
whose services have been paid by the United States sub-
sequent to the 18th day of June, 1812, shall be eniitled to
receive a certificate or warrant from the Department of the
Interior for one hundred and sixty acres of land."
Now, sir, if these soldiers were called into ser-
vice at any period prior to 1812 they will not be
included in this bill. Sir, there was a regiment
called out in 1804, upon the order of the Presi-
dent, when Louisiana was to be delivered up to
this country. There was a regiment in east Ten-
nessee, if I mistake not, called out at this time
under Colonel Dougherty—I know little or noth-
ing in reference to them; but if the bill passes in
its present shape these men will be deprived of its
benefits. They were called out by the order of
the President, and were some time in the service.
Not in active service, but they went South as far
as Natchez. I would suggest, therefore, that the
gentleman strike out the words " 18th day of
June, 1812," and insert " 1790," so that it shall
read " and whose services have been paid by the
United States subsequent to 1790."
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. I cannot accept
the amendment.
Mr. JONES. One word further. I desire to
say that I do not intend to vote for this bill; but
I suppose that those who have it in charge would
like to have made it as perfect as possible. The
constituents of some of my colleagues are inter-
ested in this provision, and I hope they will attend
to it.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield the floor to the gentleman
from Tennessee to submit the amendment he has
indicated? '
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. No, sir. It is the
solicitation of gentlemen all around me that I
should not yield the floor. But, sir, the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee proposes
to extend the benefits of the bill. Why, sir, the
objection to the bill as it now stands, upon the
part of many members of the House, is that it is
too large already, and I cannot move to make it
larger.
Several Members. Move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. I am appealed to
on all sides to yield the floor for various purposes.
I cannot accommodate all these gentlemen, and I
desire to move the previous question before I take
my seat.
Several Members. That's right;move it now.
Mr. COBB. I appeal to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to allow me to suggest an amend-
ment which it is the wish of the Committee on
Public Lands should go in the bill. The Com-
mittee on Public Lands, at the last session, ordered
me to report a bill, which was reported, and is
upon your Calendar. Sir, there are two provis-
ions in that bill which ought to be attached to
this bill. The first is this: we propose to provide
that where a soldier entitled to bounty shall have
died without leaving a widow or minor child, a
warrant may vest in his heirs. Here is the pro-
vision which the Committee on Public Lands
proposed to offer to other bounty land acts, and
it is my wish that such a provision shall attach to
this:
That when any commissioned or non-commissioned
omcer, musician, or private, to whom bounty land is prom-
o-f1,syhe act of septeraber 28, 1850, or the act of March
22,18o2, shall make or shall have made application there-
for, and shall die or shall have died before the issue of hts
warrant, without leaving a widow or minor child, a war-
rant in such case may issue to, and vest in, his heir-at-law,
upon proof of identity and heirship.
[Cries of "No!" " Order!" and "Previous
Question!"]
Mr. COBB. Another provision is this 
