1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
075
is adopted, the effect of it will be to leave these
Indians without the legislation which 1 attempted
to shf>w yesterday was so necessary to protect
their rights and to carry out our treaty stipulation
with them. I hope, therefore, his amendment
wi'l he rfjeced
Mr. WHITFIELD. In taking the floor at this
time, on the pending amendment, I promise the
committee, that i will not detain them long. it
is known to the Committee on Indian Affairs
that I have been opposed to ihis nmendmentfrom
the time it was first introduced; and I desire briefly
to state the grounds of my opposition to it. I am
aware that in this opposition i have to contend
against two or three committees of this House,
and it therefore seems almost useless for me to
occupy the time of the committee in the expres-
sion of my opinions. Yet I deem it my duty, as
the representative of the people of Kansas—of a
community of high-minded men—that 1 should
repel some of the charges which were made upon
them yesterday. The settlers upon the Delaware
lands are charged in this House with having gone
up.m and occupied those lauds without authority;
in fact, with being trespassers, and acting in vio-
lation of law. Now, sir, what are the facts? A
treaty was made with the Delaware Indians in
Mav last. This House passed a preemption law
in July last. By this law settlers were mviied
into Kansas Territory. By both its spirit and
letter ihey were told that they had a right to go
arid settle upon any lands in that Territory. That
law contained no reservation of the Delaware or
other lands, but its direct effect was to inform the
settlers that they had the right to go and settle
upon any lands m the Territory of Kansas.
Previous to making the treaty with the Dela-
ware Indians, it is well known to those who reside
in the western country that from the moment the
orgai izAtion of Kansas and Nebraska was spoken
of, a laigs number of those living upon the west-
ern borders of Missouri and other States, were
waiting anxiously to pass over into thoseTerruo-
ries. It was soon announced that the bill organi-
zing Kansas and Nebraska was passed; and, with-
out any furtner announcement, these enterprising
emigrants passed over into those Territories. Di-
rec ly after, they learned, by the publication of
your laws, t hat the preemption law had passed,
by which the people thought they had the right
given to them to settle upon any lands in those
Territories, for so the law itself expressly provides.
This treaty with the Delawares was made in May,
and ratified sometime in July or August. Before
the publication of the treaty, however,the people ■
of Kansas heard that Attorney General Cushing
had decided that the betilers had no right to go
there, notwithstanding they were already there
under the published law.
in regard to this opinion of Attorney General
Cushing, it does not, perhaps, become so humble
an individual as myself to speak, as I can scarcely
venture to put my opinion in opposition to thstof
bo distinguished and learned an officer. But I will
nevertheless say, that I do not concur in that opin-
ion, without now entering: fully into an explana-
tion of the grounds of my opposition. If I had
time, and a more favorableopportumty, I would do
so, yet with becoming diffidence and respect. My
present purpose will be accomplished by a state-
ment of the leading-points of difference between
that opinion and my own.
By the Delaware treaty, as I understand it, the
Government of the United States holds nothingm
trust but the money to be realized from the sale of
the lands. By the first article the Indians transfer-
red their lands and vested the absolute right of soil
and occupation in the United States. This was
coupled with no condition, but left the lands subject
only to the general legislation of Congress,to be gov-
erned, as to occupancy and settlement, by the gen-
eral law Yet, notwithstandmgthis, the committee
have come to the determination, at least 1 think
they have, to pass this amendment. Now, what
will be the result? Why, it would be this: that
you will now exempt these lands from the general
law and shut out from Kansas Territory the set-
tlement of perhaps the very finest portion of that
Territory. You will have one law for the people
of that Territory, and another for all othercuizens
of ihe United States. You will leave your general
law upon the statute-book, applicable to all other
lands in rhe United States, but not applicable to
these Delaware lands, upon which, by its very
terms, you have invited these emigrants to settle.
To say nothing now of the policy of such legis-
lation as this, it may be well to inquire how far it
is competent, under our form of Government, for
the treaty-making power thus to impose conditions
and restrictions upon the law-making power. The
latter includes all questions of domestic policy, and
when it acts it extends its authority overthe whole
Union. But the former embraces only questions
of foreign policy, strictly speaKtng, and although
what it does is the primary Jaw of the land,
yet it cannot, under the Constitution, exercise any
Jegis/afiueauthority. It may bind the United States,
as a whole, to a foreign Government or an Indian
tribe, that it will do or not do a certain thing, but
then the thing to be done or not be done must not
be in conflict with the general and domestic law,
it must not change or limit that law. That can
only be done by the legislative department. As
in the case I am now discussing, the general law,
passed by both branches of Congress, extends the
right of preemption- over all the lands in Kansas,
yet this treaty, made by the President and Senate,
limits this right to particular portions of the Ter-
ritory. I submit that these are grave questions,
into the full discussion of which i shall not now
enter. But the mere presentation of them are well
calculated to excite the inquiry, as to how far it is
in the constitutional power of the President and
Senate to limit and restrain the right of legisla-
tion which is lodged,not in the States merely, but
in the people of all the States.
But what do you accomplish by this amend-
ment, if it passes? You gain nothing, arid do
much injury to the settlers. You produce confu-
sion that will neither benefit Indian nor settler.
Mr. Chairman, 1 have done all that I could since
i have occupied a seat upon this floor to promote
the interest and secure the advantage of the set-
tlers and Indians. I have said to them, as I now
say to this committee, that the white settlers of
Kansas are willing to pay a fair puce for this land.
J)o you believe, Mr. Chairman, that the Govern-
ment can sell it for more than §1 25 per acre ? If
that be the expectation of gentlemen, they will be
disappointed—and yet you now propose to act un-
der an impression that they will produce a much
larger sum. And by thus acting you will impose
hardships upon these settlers who did not receive
proper notice of the Government before they went
upon the lands of the lestrictions which you are
now seeking to impose. The people who went
therein May and July wentthereand settled upon
these lands as honestly as any men ever did else-
where. There was no publication informing them
that they had no right to go there until they had
actually settled and put improvements upon the
land. Deprive them of their land, and you take
from them what has been purchased hy their last
dollar, and turn their wives and children out to
endure the inclemency of the season in a wild
country. In their name J ask for justice; nothing
more. They do not ask the land as a gift, but
they do ask that no more than a fair price shall be
demanded for it. They do ask that, as they have
been invited by the general law to settle upon these
lands, that they may enjoy all the privileges and
advantages extended to them by that law; and
that they may not be deprived of rights common
to all the other citizens of the United States.
They are devoted to the Government, and I be-
seech you that you do nothing to weaken the con-
fidence they now feel in the impartiality and integ-
rity of your legislation.
Mr. NICHOLS. Mr. Chairman, I trust the
motion of the gentleman from Missouri will not
prevail. There is infinitely more m the question,
if I am enabled to judge correctly, than either
the gentleman from Missouri or the gentleman
from Kansas are willing toadmit in their remarks.
For rny own part, I say unqualifiedly that the
whole matter is wrong. The question ought to
have rested on the treaty with the Delaware
Indians—on that alone; and to the inquiry as to
whether it would have been advisable to attempt a
forcible dispossession of the intruders upon the
Delaware lands, I answer yes; that if rhe solemnly
pledged faith of the Government, its treaty stipu-
lations, are to be ridden down by any combination
of men who seek personal advantage in so doing,
that it is full time we should know it; but it also
should be known that the Government sought to
preserve its faith, in order that we should preserve
our own self-respect.
Sir, what is this question? Last year, on the
6rh day of May, we concluded a treaty with the
Delaware Indians. I suppose that this, in com-
mon with other treaties, was concluded in antici-
pation of the passage of the far-famed Nebraska
bill. Be this as it may, the treaty was made.
The Delawares were but the feeble remnant of a;
once mighty nation. They had been pushed west*
ward by the advancing tide of civilization, chang-
ing their location, from time to time, to suit the
inclinations of our people, and undoubtedly they
had been, from time to time, swindled and hardly
dealt with; because, when they eventually de-
termined to treat for their Kansas Ia  da, it waff
upon condition only; a condition which they
designed should protect them from wrong and
injustice. What was that c ndition? Let us
examine it, in order to understand this question
properly:
" The United States hereby a?ree to have the ceded
country (excepting the said ' outlet') surveyed, as soon as
it c m be conveniently done, in the tx.nn* mann< r that the
public lands are surveyed, s-tkli survey to be commenced
and pioseeu ed as the Pre&'dem of ihe United States may
deem best. And the Pre.-ideiit will, so soon ihe whole
or any portion of said lands are surveyed, proceed to offer
such survejed lands for sale, at public auction, in such
quantities as lie may deem proper, being governed in all
ru&prcts, in conducting such sales, by the laws of ihe United
States respecting ihe sales of ihe publ c lands; and such of
the lands as may nor be *o!d at the public sale*, shall ihere-
atter bo :-ubjecfio private einrv, m the same manner that^
private eniries are made of United Stares land-:; at.d any/
or all, of such lands as lemain utisrifd. afier being ihree
years subject to private entry, ; t the minimum Government
puce, nhty, by act. of Congress, be? graduated and reduced
in price, until all s-aid lands are sold; regard bf-ing imd in
said graduation and reduction, to the inteiests of Hie D« la-
wares, and also to ihe speedy settlement of the country. *
This, sir, was a clause in the treaty of the Dela-
wares. It was further provided, that the act of
March 3,1807, providing: forthe forcible expulsion
of trespassers unon Indian lands, should be ex-
tended over the Delaware lands ceded; and, to make
assurance doubly sure, to secure absolute, un-
doubted protection, by the thirteenth article of the
treaty it was provided, that if, in the chapter of
accidents, anything more were necessary, Con-
gress should legislate to secure these ends, and
these alone. That we, the Representatives of the
people, whose faith had been pledged, should carry
out the letter and spirit of the treaty, and do noth-
ing inconsistent with it.
Have we done so? No, sir! How does the
matter stand ? Precisely, sir, at variance with our
treaty obligations. The trust lands of the Del-
awares are shingled over with squatters* claims.
We have, in the Senate amendment to the bill
under consideration, a practical abandonment of
the treaty, authority conferred upon ihe President
of the United States to make a new treaty, and
the object, Mr. Chairman, is, that those who have
occupied these lands in violation of law, may be
protected in their trespasses. But, sir, the House
has manifested its sense of justice by striking out
of the Senate amendment this authority to make
a new treaty, and the question comes upon the
amendment of the Senate, as amended. I will
read it, Mr. Chairman:
And he it further enacted, That to enable the President
of the United States to carry out in good faith the recent
treaties wnit the Ottoes and Missnurias, Omaha?-, Dela-
wares, Iovvay«, Sacs and Poxes of Missouri, Kiokapoos,
and the unmd tribes of Ka^kaskias and Peoria-, P>anke-
shaws and YVeas, Shawnees, and Mianne<. there shall he,
and lieieby i*, appropriated the ?«m of $20 00J, in addition
to the impropriations heretofore made, for ihe execution of
the surveys required by said treaties; and where the net
j proceeds of the lands ceded by either of sahl treaties are
I required to be paid over to the Indians, the President shall
i cause said landsto beclassified and valued ; and when such
I classification and valuation iiave been made to In* satisfac-
| uon, he shall cause t-aid lands to be oflVied at public sale,
I by legal subdivisionsor town lot«, at such tunes and places,
} and m s-uch manner and quantity, a« t<> him shall appear
; proper and necessary to carry out faithfully the stipulations
j in said treaties; and said lands shall nor be sold at public
} or private sale for a less price than that fix« d by the vafu-
| ation aforesaid, nil otherwise directed by law.
| Now, sir, the gentleman from Missouri [Mr,
' Phelps] moves to strike out that portion of the
| Senate amendment which provides for a valuation
j of these lands; and the gentleman from Kansas
j [Mr. Whitfield] concurs with the gentleman
! from Missouri, a-d urges the same proposition.
; Mr. Chairman, I hope this motion may not pre-
j vail, for I am satisfied, if it does, that gross in-
| justice will prevail. I understand the gentleman
from Kansas to say that we pass'd a preemp-
tion law for his Territory, inviting emigration
into it, and making no reservation of any lands
