978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27>
earn—among them. But, by the late treaty, nego-
tiated with them last summer, they are entitled
to receive between $60,000 and $70,000 a year,
which increases the responsibility of the agent.
It is a very great responsibility to impose upon a
man—in addition to his other duties as Indian
agent—for the compensation of $1,000.
Mr. HAVEN. I only desire to say, in reply
to the remarks of the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, that the agent is bound, for his
present salary, to give us his best energies, and
care, and responsibility for the discharge of all
hia business as Indian agent. Can he now give
us energy, and care, and responsibility beyond
that for $1,500 a year ?
I should like to inquire, if this agency be dupli-
cated, and a larger amount of money distributed
among the Indians than formerly, how that im-
poses upon the agent additional resposibility ?
W e do not pay him for responsibility. We pay for
his time and labor, and not for his responsibility.
[Cries of " dueation !" 11 Question !"]
Mr. WHITFIELD. I would ask to say a word
in reply 
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) Debate on
the amendment is exhausted.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the committee to say one word in reply to
the question of the gentleman from New York.
Objection was made.
The question was taken on Mr. Orr's amend-
ment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I now move to amend by
fixing the salary at §1,499.
1 desire to say, that it is proposed to make a
new agency for the Kickapoo Indians, who for-
merly were comprised in the agency of the Ioways,
and Sacs, and Foxes. This is necessary, as the
Kickapoos have been removed some forty miles
from their agent,and as their annuities have been
increased by the sale of their lands, last year, to
some $60,000 or $70,000. It is absolutely for their
protection that the agent should reside among them.
The rule which applies to the Delawares should
also properly apply to the Kickapoos; and we
should not ask an agent to attend to all of this
business for the salary of $1,000.
The question being on the adoption of Mr.
Whitfield's amendment,
Mr. WHITFIELD. I ask leave to withdraw
my amendment.
There being no objection, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. ORR. As the committee has indicated an
unwillingness to increase the salary of this Indian
agent beyond the $1,000, by the vote which has
been taken on my amendment, I do not feel called
upon to press that question on the committee a
second time. But 1 hope that after the explanation
made, the gentleman from New York [Mr. Haven]
will not press his amendment to strike out this
additional agency.
Mr. HAVEN. The amendment which I pro-
posed would strike out the additional agency. If
it is the judgment of the Committee on Indian
Affairs that that additional agency be created, I
do not wish to press my opposition to it.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
New York withdraw his amendment?
Mr. HAVEN. No. I cannot withdraw it.
It is a proposition from the Committee of Ways
and Means.
The question was taken; and Mr. Haven's
amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the Senate amend-
ment, and it was concurred in.
Forty-seventh amendment:
Sec. 7. be it fwther enacted, That (here shall be
appointed, as now provided by law, an additional Indian
cgrnt, whose salary shall be §1,500 per annum, and who
shall be assigned, for such time as the President may deem
necessary, to the Delaware Indians ; and the agents for the
K&nsax, Great Nemaha, and Osage agencies, shall here-
after receive the annual salary of §1,500, mlieu of the sal-
ary now allowed by law.
Mr. ORR. I propose to amend the sixth line
of that amendment by inserting, after the word
*' Osage," the word " river," so that it may read, i
"and Osage river agencies." That will properly
describe the agency.
The amendment to the amendment was adopted!
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means agree to concur with the Senate amend-
ment.
'The question was taken; and the amendment,
as amended, was concurred in.
Forty-eighth amendment:
Sec. 8. And he it further enacted, That the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury Department he, arid th^y
are hereby, authorized to allow the pa> masters ofihe tinned
Suites Army, who served as euch in Mexico during the war
with that Republic, commissions of one and a half per cent,
on all moneys collected or received, and paid over by them
into the-Treasury of the United States, arising from duties
on imports, and from internal assessments and taxes in
Mexico during that war: Provided, That no commissions
shall be allowed on any such sums of money so collected
or received, on which commissions have heretofore been
allowed to any other collector or receiver, or other officer
of the United States.
Mr.HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend concurrence in that amend-
ment.
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to make a suggestion
with reference to this amendment, before the vote
is taken.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Missouri propose an amendment?
Mr. PHELPS. Yes; 1 propose to amend by
striking out the proviso. Although this amend-
ment, Mr. Chairman, was not in the Indian appro-
priation bill when it was reported, yet, in the
opinion of the Committee of Ways and Means,
the amendment is not wrong. You have provided
for the compensation of all the officers of the United
States Army who were engaged in the collection
of military contributions during the invasion of
Mexico, with the exception of some two or three
officers. These are officers of the pay department.
This amendment proposed by the Senate merely
extends the existing laws so as to embrace pay-
masters, the provision which I have moved to
strike out, but which I desire to retain, providing
that no double commissions are to be paid. The
opinion of the Committee of Ways and Means at
the time was, that this was an improper bill to
place this in; but 1 believe my colleagues on that
committee will bear me witness that that was the
objection made to it. I therefore desire that the
committee will do this act of justice to these two
or three officers of the pay department, by placing
them on the same footing with other military offi-
cers engaged in the same service. It merely metes
out justice to them.
Mr. HAVEN. I only represent the commit-
tee of which I am a member, in saying that I do
not concur in the amendment of the Senate. I
think that this committee ought not to concur in
the amendment. It is true, as was suggested by
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] that
this amendment ia in the wiong bill, and in the
wrong place, but that fact will not control my ac-
tion in reference to this matter. The paymasters
of the United States Army stand upon a little dif-
ferent footing from the other officers. I do not
desire to call the attention of the committee to the
fact whether these moneys have been tolled before
in the other hands through which they have passed.
If we pass the amendment of the Senate we may
just as well surrender all kind of control over the
military contributions and other moneys that were
collected during the war with Mexico. My friend
from Missouri says that this will be the last appli-
cation of officers fora percentage on these moneys;
but you and I,Mr. Chairman,have heard, time and
time again, when provision for a class of officers
in reference to these moneys has been made, that
it was to be the last one. Sir, that last one has
never yet arrived. I care not to trouble the com-
mittee with any further remarks, only to reiterate
what I have already said, that the Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in the amendment, for the reason that they con-
sider it to be put in the wrong place and in the
wrong bill. With this explanation, if the com-
mittee are willing to vote for it, I have no objec-
tion, but I cannot myself vote for it.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire theattention of
the gentleman from New York for a moment. I
would ask the gentleman what would be the prob-
able amount of money appropriated if the amend-
ment of the Senate should be adopted ?
Mr. HAVEN. As to that matter I have no
particular information. I .know that the amount
collected in California was about $1,400,000.
What the amount was which was collected jn the
City of Mexico , and other places this side of there,
1 do not know; nor do 1 know of any officer con-
nected with the General Government who can tell.
Mr. PHELPS. I withdraw my amendment.
The question was then taken on concurring: with
the Senate amendment; and it was decided in the
negative.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The forty-ninth amendment was then read, as
follows:
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the laws of the
United States punishing the crimes of forgery, or of depre-
dations upon the mails of the United States, bp, and the
same are hereby, extended to, aod declared to be in full
force in, the Indian country.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in that amend-
ment.
# The amendment was concurred in.
The fiftieth amendment was then read, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of War be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay
to Jean Baptist Faribault, and PeJagte Faribault, his wife,
the sum of $12,000, with intert'St thereon from the 12ih«f
March, 1839, in full payment of their claim to the i land at
the confluence of the rivers Mississippi and St. Pierre, and
on which Fort Sneiling now stands.
Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN. I move to strike
out the amendment. I do not see why this pri-
vate claim has been ingrafted upon an Indian
appropriation bill. I presume it is a claim for
property taken by the Government for some pur-
pose, and, like all other private claims, it seeks a
4 reimbursement for losses sustained. 1 am opposed
to this principle of ingrafting claims of individuals
upon bills of this character.
Mr. STRAUB. I ask that the report of the
Senate committee upon this subject be read. It
will explain this whole matter.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in the amend-
ment, which would be exactly in accordance with
the views of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I propose to reduce
the amount one dollar. I agree with my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Allen,] that we ought never
to provide for a private claim in a general appro-
priation bill; and although our rules cannot control
the Senate, yet if we can properly criticise the
action of that body, we might say the same as
regards their legislation. There was no objection
in the Committee of Ways and Means &3 to the
merits of the claim, but the objection to it was
founded upon the fact that it was a private claim
provided for in a general appropriation bill. My
attention was called to this matter, and I went "
over to the Senate and had a conversation with the
gentleman (the Hon. John Bell, of Tennessee,)
who was the Secretary of War during a pait of
the period covering this transaction. From him X
heard the following statement, which seems to be
fortified by the papers I have seen, and which
takes it out of theclass of private claims, and makes
it rather a public claim.
In 1838 the Sioux Indians made a treaty with
the Uni#d States for the sale of their lands. They
set apart, however, a little island at ihe conflu-
ence of the Mississippi and St. Peter's rivers,
containing about three hundred acres, which were
not tQ be embraced in the treaty. Mr. Poinsett
who was the then Secretary of War, made an
agreement with them that it should be reserved to
them; and it was stipulated on the part of the
Government, that their title should remain undis-
puted. Congress next year passed a resolution
directing the Secretary of War to make a contract
with Jean Baptist Faribault and Pelsgie Faribault,
his wife, for the purchase of the island, subject to
the ratification of Congress. Mr. Poinsett did
make the contract to purchase it, in March, 1839,
for $12,000, and he recommended Congress to
make theappropriation. The billfor thatpurpose
passed the Senate, but failed in the House, as
Mr. Poinsett says-in his letter, for want of time
It was stipulated in the contract, that if the appro-
priation was not made at the next session of Con-
gress, the contract should be declaied void. The
appropriation was not made, but, so far from the
contract being declared void, the United States
have held, and still hold, the property in their
possession. The facts in the case then are, that
there was an island set apart by these Indians for
themselves, and so recognized by solemn treaty;
that there was a resolution passed by Confess
of War 10 lament
of S12.000 for it when purchased from the Indians,
and that the Government have built a fort upon
the island, which they still retainin their keeping.
