1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
979
The title of the Indians to this property is undis-
puted, and 1 think that we should make this ap-
propriation cf $12,000, to carry out the contract
made by the Secretary of War with them for the
purchase of their lands. / am satisfied, and i
think that every member of the committee was
satisfied, that their tale to these lands was undis-
puted.
Mr. ORR. I would ask the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge] if this claim has
ever been presented to any committee of this
House—the Indian Committee or any other com-
mittee, especially during the present session?
Mr. BRECECfNRIDGE. I am not aware that
it has. I stated when I rose that, for the purpose
of informing myself about this matter, I had had
a conference with the honorable Senator from
Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] who was Secretary of
War during a portion of the period covering this
transaction; and he gave me the facts which I
have narrated m the hearing of the committee.
The CHAIRMAN". Thegentleman fromPenn-
sylvania [Mr. Straub] desires that the report of
the Senate committee upon this subject shall be
read.
Mr. EASTMAN. I object.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I was only going to
add that it was a bill which had passed the Sen-
ate, and there is a Senate report.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to give the committee
all the information I have upon the subject. Thi«
matter, when before the Committee of Ways and
Means, received, as has been suggested by my
friend from Kentucky, some consideration attheir
hands. But my recollection is, that the consid-
eration which it there received was in reference to
the question whether or not this was a proper bill
to which to attach it. I think no member of the
committee went into a particular examination of
the propriety or validity of the claim. I think
that is so.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. My recollection is,
that my friend from New York remarked in com-
mittee that he did not think this matter proper as
an amendment to the Indian appropriation bill;
but that he would offer it in the House, and would
move to suspend the rules to pass it. My friend
from Massachusetts over the way, also said the
same thing.
Mr. HAVEN. My friend from Kentucky is.
right to a certain extent. Upon the communication
being made to the committee of the information
which the gentleman has made here to-day, and
upon the suggestion being made that this was not
the proper place for it, I said, if the statements made
about it were correct, I would be willing to take
the course which the gentleman has referred to,
I believe I am right about that. But, as I stated
before, the validity of this claim was not, as I am
aware, examined by the committee. I have learned
this morningali I have ever known as to the valid-
ity of this claim; and from what I heard this
morning I have learned these facts: In 1839, Mr.
Poinsett, being Secretary of War, a conditional
contract was made for this island, by which con-
tract this man Faribault, and Pelagie Faribault,
were to be paid $12,000 for this island, provided
the said agreement should be ratified by the Con-
gress of the United States, according to the pro-
visions of a joint resolution passed the 13 h of
February, 1839; and provided, further, that an
appropriation of said sum of $12,000 should be
made to carry the said agreement into execution,
which appropriation the Secretary agreed to rec-
ommend and ask for at the then next session of
Congress. And, in consideration of what I have
stated, the said Faribaults agreed they would,
before the said sum of $12,000, or any part thereof,
should be demanded or received by them, deed
the said island to the United States. And it was
further provided by said conditional agreement, |
that, unless it was ratified by Congress at the next I
session thereafter, and an appropriation be then j
made, its execution should be void and of no effect. I
I have not examined to see if Congress ratified j
the agreement as provided by the contract; but it
is quite certain that it failed to make the appro- !
prtation, and, by the terms of the agreement, the j
contract was, therefore, at an end. i
There is one other fact, however, not mentioned
by my friend from Kentucky, and which may
have considerable effect upon the minds of this
committee. I am informed, and believe it to be
true, that after the failure of Congress to appro- i
priate, as required by the contract, to prevent it
becoming void, Mr. Poinsett advised the Fari-
baults, or their agents, by letter, that they bad
better not treat the contract as at an end, that he
did not regard the action of Congress as conclusive
upon the subject, and that he would call the atten-
tion of Congress to the matter again. The atten*
tion of Congress was called to it by Mr. Bell,
whilst Secretary of War, and perhaps by others j
but Congress has failed to act from that time down
to the present.
I will say further, that I have no knowledge as
to what right or title the Faribaults ever had to
the island. Perhaps this Government ought to
be estopped from denying that they had title,
owing to its former action in reference to it, and
its contract with them on the assumption that they
had title.
But there is another suggestion in reference to
which this committee had no knowledge, unless
some gentleman besides myself had it. I do not
know what has been done with the island since,
nor where these Faribaults are.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I do not know where
they are, or whether they are alive; but 1 am in-
formed by the Senator from Tennessee—who gave
me all my information upon the subject—that the
island, from that time to this, has been in the pos-
session of the United States, and that the Gov-
ernment has erected a fort upon it.
Mr. HAVEN". I am free to say that would
have some influence upon my own judgment in
the examination of this claim, if I were to enter
upon the examination of it. But I have entered
upon no such examination, and 1 only say to this
committee now, so far as I am concerned, and so
far as the Committee of Ways and Means are
concerned, as far as I know, that the conclusion
of the Committee of Ways and Means was ar-
rived at from statements made to them by gentle-
men now upon this floor, and by members of the
Senate, as stated by my friend from Kentucky.
The Committee of Ways and Means did not un-
dertake to examine into it. They regarded it as
a private claim. I do not think it ought to be
here. If the committee think otherwise they can
vote to concur with the Senate, and keep it in the
bill.
Mr. STRAUB. I propose to amend by in-
creasing the appropriation one dollar. I now ask
that the report I handed up to the Chair may be
read as a part of my remaiks. I do not under-
stand the matter as well as the gentleman from
Kentucky, but I think the report will throw some
light upon it.
The report was read, as follows:
"On the 13th February, 1839, Congress passed a joint
resolution authorizing the Secretary of War 'to contract
with J. B. and Pelade Faribault /'or the purchase of the
island at the comluence of St. Peter's and {Mississippi
rivers, and to repoit his proceedings to Congress, subject to
their approbation or rejection.' Tn compliance with the
authority thus granted, the Secretary of War, on the I2ih
day of March, 1839, entered into an agreement m writing
with the attorneys of the petitioners for the purchase of the
island for the sum of $12,0t0, an<f asked from Congress an
appropriation for that amount to enable him to make the
purchase, hut the requisition was made too late for the
action of Congress.
" In January, 1840, the Secretary of War communicated
to Congre>s the contract entered into with the represent-
atives of the Faribaults, in conformity with the requirements
of the joint res duuon of February 13,1839 ; and in July,
1840, in a letter addressed to ihe Senate Military Commit-
tee, the Swctetary says : c In my opinion, the possession of
the iMand at the confluence of the Mississippi and St.
Peter's rivers is necessary to the police discipline and se-
curity of the post on the Upper Mississippi.
" ' From the testimony of disinterested persons, I con-
sider the value of that island to be not less than $10,001),
nor to exceed §12,000.'
" In thesamo month, (July, 1840,) the Senate passed the
appropriation of $12,000 for the puichase of the island, but
it was lost in the House of Representatives, wuh several
other amendments to the appropriation bill, on the last days
of ihe session.
44 On the 2d September, 184*?, Secretary of War, (Bell,)
writing to the Speaker of the House of Representatives,
says: i I am induced to recommend the claim to the favoi-
able consideration of Congress and to ask that an appro-
priation be made of the sum of $12,000, for the purpose of ;
paying for the-island, &.C., Stc., in fulfillment of the con- |
tract of March 12,1S3D.J ^ j
"The petitioners now pray that the justice so long de- !
layed may be done them. The Government has had pos- '
session of this l&land since the Hrh Alarcn, ld39, under the j
contract with the Secretary of War, and upon this island j
Fort Snelhng now stands. j
"The committee are unanimously of the opinion that the ;
appropriation ou^lH to be made for $12,000, with interest j
thereupon from the date of the contract, to be paid to the j
petitioners in payment of said island, and accordingly re- s
port a bill for the relief of J. B. and Pelagie Faribault." I
| Mr, STRAUB. It will be observed that the
| committee of the Senate agree unanimously upon
! the subject, and it is entirely unnecessary that I
I should offer any remarks upon this matter,
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to say one word further
about this matter. Of course it is a matter of no
very great consequence what becomes of it, but I
wish to say that this committee of the Senate did
not understand the subject, or, if they did under-
stand it, they have not set out the true history of
the case, in the report just read. They do not say
that this was a conditional contract, and that it
was to be void, and as if never made, in case an
appropriation was not-made at the then next ses-
sion of Congress, as I have heretofore explained.
On the other hand, this report is evidently made
to conceal that point—it does not show that fact
at all. Nor does it say in any way that the Gov-
ernment of the United States has since been in
possession of this island. And, inasmuch as thia
report is intended to show the best side of the
case, and seems to conceal, or fails to mention the
rest, I am inclined to think it is very questionable
whether the United States has ever been in pos-
session of that property since this contract waa
made. And if so, i think the case is very much
weakened, and that we should refuse to concur
with the Senate in the amendment.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Does the gentleman
deny that the Government has had possession of
it since, arid that it has a United States fort upon
it at this very time? v
Mr. HAVEN. I deny nothing on the subject,
for personally I know nothing about it. I only
speak of what I suspect from hearing the report
read.
Mr. EASTMAN. I desire to disabuse the
mind of the gentleman from Kentucky as to his
impression that there is a fort upon the island.
It is an island at the mouth of the St. Peter's river,
and it was the policy of the soldiers to get posses-
sion of that island, which was-then in the posses-
sion of the Indians. The fort is not upon it 
Mr. HAVEN. The testimony of my friend
from Wisconsin shows that the report is incorrect
in the other particulars in reference to this Fort
Snelling being upon the island. I suspected as
much from the previous part of the report.
Mr. EASTMAN. I did not understand the
report as saying; that the fort was upon the island.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I understood from the
gentleman that the fort was upon the island. I
would ask the gentleman from Wisconsin whether
he knows that the Government has been in pos-
session of the island ?
Mr. EASTMAN. I would state, that so far as
my knowledge of the geography of that country
is concerned 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will allow
the Chair to state that the Clerk has made a mis-
take in the reading of the report. In the copy
which he had there was an interlineation. As
printed, it is:
"The petitioners now pray that the justice so Ion?; de-
layed may be done them. The Government has had pos-
session of this island tince the 12th of March, 18J9, under
the contract with the Secretary of War, and this
island Fort Snelhng now stands."
The interlineation makes it read:
" The Government has had possession of this island since
the 12th of March, 183J. under the contract with the Sec-
retary of War, as pail of the military reservation of Fort
Snelhng. 
Mr. EASTMAN. It is a portion of the reserva-
tion, but the fort, so far as I recollect, does not
stand upon it.
Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN. The Senate com-
mittee was evidently mistaken about the fact of
this fort being upon the island, and it is only
another to the many reasons why a private claim
should not be attached to a general appropriation
bill.
Mr. STRAUB, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The question was taken; and the Senate's amend-
ment was non-concurrel in.
The next amendment was reported, as follows:
Fifty-first amendment:
Sec. u. -"Ir-dtic it further enacted. That Indian agents
and sub agents be, and they are heieby, authorized to take
acknowledgment-* of des'dS wills, audotuer instruments of
writing, and that acknowledgment-* so taken '•hall have the
same effect as if taken before a justice of the peace.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in the
