982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mr. LILLY. I would inquire of the gentleman j
from Missouri what is the reason for making the •
pay of the civil superintendents less than the pay j
of ihe military superintendents was? Are they i
inferior officers to the military ?• j
Mr. PHELPS. The pay of the military super- \
intendent depended very much on thegrade of the j
military officer who might be assigned to the dis-1
charge of this duty. If he was a captain, his pay !
was less than it would have been had he been a j
major of ordnance, and so on. Now the labors j
of these superintendents are very arduous. An j
armory is a large Government manufacturing i
establishment, and the Committee of Ways ana j
Means deemed §2,500 not an unreasonable salary. |
Mr. LILLY. 1 do not want the gentleman to j
understand that I object to the amount. I only
want to know why a distinction is made against
the civil superintendents.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not think, in fact, that
there is any distinction made, because something
was allowed to be paid to the military officer for
his service rations. If he had been in thearmory
for a certain number of years, he was entitled to
rations in proportion to his rank and service. And
the law did not require any particular grade of
officer to be assigned to that post. Therefore the
salary of the incumbent was fortuitous, depending
on the commission which the officer who was dis-
charging this duty of superintendence in the Army.
I may as well make a further explanation here,
and it 13 right that I should.
The Committee of Ways and Means has in-
structed me to recommend that ihe salaries of the
superintendents shall be paid out of the sum ap-
propriated for the support of these armories. I
know that that proposition does not meet with the
nnprobation of my friend from Virginia, [Mr.
Faulkner,] who does not wish to see the armory
fund diminished, and it matters but very little
whether they shall be thus paid, provided we fix
the amount which shall be paid to them.
Again: it may be urged by some gentlemen on
this floor, that as we have a building which has
been erected for the use and occupation of a mil-
itary superintendant at these two armories, that
the civil superintendent shall also occupy this
building. The Committee of Ways and Means
was not willing to sanction that by legislation,
fearing that a bad precedent might be established
by that course 0/ procedure, and that hereafter,
other officers discharging civilduties would require
end beseech the Congress of the United States to
make appropriations to erect a building which they
were to occupy when discharging these duties.
For instance, collectors of customs in ports might
require it. 1 would have no objection, speaking
as one of the members of this House, to the Sec-
retary of War permitting the civil superintendents
to occupy these houses, but I dislike to declare by
legislative enaciment that they shall have posses-
sion of them, for I fear that that would be dwelt
upon as a precedent in other cases.
These are the explanations which I have to give
■with reference to this amendment, and I would
remark, in relation to the amount of money pro-
posed to be appropriated to the arsenals, that it
is not the sum estimated for them. However, it
is as much as the Committee of Ways and Means
, are willing to recommend to the House.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask to amend so much
of that amendment of the Committee of Ways and
Means, as directs that the salary of the superin-
tendents shall be paid out of the appropriation for
the nationaj armories.
Mr. LETCHER. Was the amount estimated
for inclusive of the salaries of the superintendents?
Mr. FAULKNER. No; the amount estimated
for was independent of the salaries.
The CHAIRMAN, (to Mr. Faolkner.) Is
that an amendment to the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Missouri? [Mr. Phelps.]
Mr. FAULKNER. It is to perfect the amend-
ment of the Committee of Ways and Means.
The CHAIRMAN. That is, the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Missouri?
Mr. FAULKNER. Yes; and it is an amend-
ment to which the gentleman from Missouri does
not object.
The CHAIRMAN. If no objection be made,
the amendment to the amendment will be enter-
tained.
Mr. ROWE. I object to it.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair is of
opinion that the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia is out of order, as it is an amendment in
the third degree.
Mr. FAULKNER. Is it not in order when it
is concurred in by the gentleman from Missouri,
who offered the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri may accept of it as a modification of his
own.
Mr. PHELPS. In consulting my own feelings
in-regard to this matter, I have no objections to
the modification, and would accept it as indicated
by the gentleman from Virginia, but it is the
report of the committee of which 1 am a member,
and therefdfe I cannot modify it. If the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means are willing to accept
of it, it may be made.
It is proposed in the amendment submitted by
the Committee of Ways and Means, that the sal-
ary of the civil superintendents shall be paid out
of the sum of money appropriated for the support
of the national armories, and it is further recom-
mended by the Secretary of War. Individually
I have no objection to the modification of the
report; but I cannot agree to accept it without the
direction of the members of the committee.
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 suppose the amendment
which.I offer can be acted on by the unanimous
consent of this committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Rowe] has objected to it.
Mr. FAULKNER. Well, I suppose that gen-
tleman will withdraw his objection.
Mr. ROWE. No; I decidedly object.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the proposition can-
not be received.
Mr. FAULKNER. And is there no mode of
reaching a proposition like this, when we are all
willing to adopt it?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sees none,un-
less the gentleman from Missouri accepts it as a
modification of his own.
Mr. PHELPS. Well, then, I take ufron my-
self the responsibility of accepting the modification
proposed by the gentleman from Virginia.
The CHAIRMAN. That modification is to
strike out the words " and that the same be paid
out of the appropriation for the national arm-
ories."
Mr. PHELPS. I agree to have my amendment
so modified as that it wilt read, "and that the
same be paid out of the Treasury."
The amendment, as modified, reads:
For repairs, preservation, and contingencies of arse-
nals, $50,OGO ; and for continuing the construction of the
arsenal at IJenicia, California, $40,0(J0. And it is hereby
provided that the annual compensation of the civil super-
intendents of the national armories be $2,500, without per-
quisites, allowances, or additions of any kind, and that Ihe
same be paid out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Mr. LILLY. I understand that by that amend-
ment the civil superintendent is to receive $9,500
a year, without perquisites or additions of any
kind. I desire to know from the gentleman from
Missouri, or from the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs,whether theuseof these houses
built for the military superintendents is to be
considered in the light of perquisitesor additions?
If it is to be so considered, and is to be so con-
strued by the War Department, I desire to have
it stricken out, because I wish to have the civil
superintendents placed on exactly the same foot-
ing as the military superintendents.
Mr. FAULKNER. I can only say, as far as
I am concerned, that I take it for granted the
Government having erected these houses for the
use of the superintendents, they will be permitted
to enjoy them without rent. Such is my construc-
tion of it, and I have no doubt it will be so con-
strued by the War Department.
Mr. LILLY. Still I think these words ought
to be stricken out.
Mr. PHELPS. I would say to the gentle-
man from New Jersey that if this amendment be
adopted, I think the civil superintendents would
not be permitted the use of these houses, except by
the payment of rent. That is, they are not legally
entitled to it.
Mr. LILLY. Then I move to strike out these
words.
The CHAIRMAN". The amendment of the
gentleman from Missouri is not amendable.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It has not been
customary in any branch of the civil service that
I know of for the Executive head of the Govern-
ment to furnish residences for the officers. And
one object of getting rid of the military superin-
tendents was, that the civil superintendents should
have a salary, and no perquisites or emoluments
beyond it.
If we are to commence first by giving to the?
civil superintendency the quarters and residences
of the military superintendency, and then follow
it up by giving them the perquisites and emolu-
ments which were given to the military superin-
tendency, I see no advantage that will have been
gained by the change from the military to the civil
superintendency.
Mr. FLORENCE. I apprehend that my friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] is somewhat in error
in relation to the practice wtrch prevails in and
around arsenals, and other depositories of prop-
erty owned by the Government of the United
States. I think that the different superintendents
at Philadelphia of boots, shoes, and other supplies
for the Government, have quarters in and around
the arsenal; and X think that the workmen gen-
erally have quarters which have been considered
economical and advantageous. Further than that,
when these superintendents were appointed, it
was made a sine qua non by the appointing power
that they should reside at the arsenal. I recollect
very distinctly—for I was very much interested
in getting some clever people appointed to fill
some of these places—that objection was urged
against the appointmentof a gentleman, for which
I was very anxious, because he would not consent
to reside at the arsenal, it strikes me that these
parties at Springfield, Harper's Eerry, and Cali-
fornia are entitled to qujte as much consideration
under the civil superintendency as those who held
office under the military superintendency of the
armories. Further than that, I think that the sum
of $2>500 a year is not sufficient compensation, in
my humble judgment, for any person competent
to supervise an establishment of that kind, it
requires a man of more than ordinary ability,
scientific and mechanical ability, to perform prop-
erly the duties of that position. I would rather
make it $3,500 than $2,500, striking out the emol-
uments. It is high time for this House, and this
Congress—and there is no better time for this
purpose than the present—to recognize mechanical-
skill and ability in the performance of duties espe-
cially belonging to that class of our citizens. I
hope now, a favorable opportunity presenting itself
here, that we will do something in the Thirty-
Third Congress to make a mark in favor of the
mechanics of the country.
Mr. BANKS. Is it in order to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order.
Mr. BANKS. I have then to say in regard to
the amendment now before the committee, that
while I do not take exception to the amount pro-
posed as the salary for the superintendent, yet I
think the amendment ought to be more distinct
and definite as regards theocccupation of the quar-
ters that Government has provided for the super-
intendents of the national armories. They may
or may not be included, just exactly as the War
Department shall determine. If the War Depart-
ment be not favorable to the civil superintendency,
or inclined to the military superintendency, it has
the power to make a very great change in the con-
dition of the officers of respective classes. The
salary paid under the old law to civil superintend-
ents amounts, with the cash salary and the allow-
ance for men and horses, to between $2,500 and
$2,300. The salary now proposed to be paid to
the same officers is $2,500. The difference in ex-
pense of living bet« een the time when the salary
was fust fixed and the present is thirty or forty per
centum, and perhaps as much as fifty per centum.
It is right, therefore, that the committee should
provide a salary for these officers with reference
to the condition of things as they now exist, and
not as compared with the salary paid the same offi-
cers at previous time**. If the committee will make
the salary of these officers §2>500, wi*h the express
stipulation that the civil superintendents.^may oc-
cupy the quarters already owned by the" Govern-
ment, that will be a compensation adequate to the
nlace and adequate to the persons appointed to fill
the place. 1 trust that the committee will adopt
an amendment carrying out thi3 view of'the
matter.
Mr. VAN8ANT. With the leave of the gen-
