984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
time? If the Chair decides that he can, I take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understand the gentle-
mar. from New York rose to make a specific
motion, was recognized, made his motion, and
before leaving'the floor made another motion. I
wish to know if it is consistent with the practice
of the House to do so ?
Mr. ROBBINS. I move that the House ad-
journ.
'The SPEAKER pro tempore. The present
occupant of the chair has already answered the
question. The Speaker last night decided the
same question.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I beg leave to say that was
not the same question. There is a misunderstand-
ing-
Mr. CAMPBELL. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. McDOUGALL. There is,tr misunderstand-
ing between the Chair and myself. The decision
last night was, that the Speaker could entertain
the motion to suspend the rules, and nothing
more. The point of order was not made, that
when a gentleman was upon the floor to make one
motion, that he could then go on and make an-
other.
Mr. ROBBINS. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The question was taken; decided in the affirma-
tive, and the House adjourned till to-morrow at
eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 28, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
in compliance witli a resolution of the Senate of
March 10, 1853, calling for a statement of the
amounts paid as annuities to the Choctaw tribe of
Indians, and a detail of the expenditures under the
various treaty stipulations for education; which
was ordered to be laid on the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. FOOT. I have been requested to present
a petition of wool-growers of the county of Chit-
tenden, in the State of Vermont,asking Congress
to remit or abolish the present duty on wool, in
which they say that^in their opinion, the interests
of both the wool-grower and the manufacturer will
be subserved by this course. I move that the
petition be referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COOPER presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying an appropriation
for the erection of a building for the accommoda-
tion of the post office, custom-house, and United
States courts, in the city of Philadelphia; which
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. CASS presented documents relating to the
claim of John Randolph Clay, for compensation
as Minister to Peru, from the date of his appoint-
ment to the time at which he commenced to per-
form the duties of that office; which were referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, a memorial of the Board of Trustees of
Public Schools at Washington city, District of
Columbia, praying a donation of city lots for
educational purposes, or that a portion of the pro-
ceeds of sales of lots belonging to the Government
heretofore made, may be invested for that pur-
pose; which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. GEYER presented the petition of the as-
sistant treasurers of the United States at Boston
and St. Louis, praying to be allowed an increase
of salary; which was lefened to the Committee on
Csmmerce.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of citizens of
Randolph county, Illinois, prayingthatthepension
of Valentine G. Wehrheim, a volunteer in the late
war with Mexico, may be increased; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CASS moved that the petition of Eliza
Whiting, wiCow of an officer who died in the ser-
vice of the U .iited States, praying aid for herself
and family, b-  referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary AlTai-'s; vhich was agreed to.
RELIGIOUS FREEDOM ABROAD.
Mr. CASS, I gave notice some time since that
I should ask the Senate to consider the resolutions
which I submitted, requesting the Executive to
endeavor to secure the right of religious worship
to American citizens abroad, on day which has
passed. I have been prevented, by the interposi-
tion of other business, from calling that subject to
the attention of the Senate. I desire to say now,
that I shall ask the Senate to-morrow to take up
and come to a vote on that subject. All I desire
is to have the yeas an'd nays upon it.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. MASON. I move that T. W. Tansill
have leave to withdraw his petition and papers.
I am informed by a note from Mr. Tansill, that
the matter was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, who reported adversely on hts
claim. He asks leave to withdraw them, in order
that he may present them to the Secretary of the
Navy, or may obtain redress, if he can, through
the courts of justice.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred a report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate, calling for correspond-
ence, &c., relative to the claim of Gibbons &
Kelly, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance; which was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred a joint reso-
lution of the House, for the relief of George C.
McCerren, reported it without amendment.
Mr. TOUCEY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill for the
relief of Joseph Ridgway, reported adversely
thereon.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution to authorize the payment to William H.
De Forrest of the sum of $12,000 for a quantity
of powder destroyed at Punta Arenas, reported it
with amendments, together with a report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom the subject was referred, reported
a bill making appropriations for the repair, pres-
ervation, and completion of certain harbors on
the Atlantic, Gulf, and Pacific coasts; which, was
read a first and second time by unanimous con-
sent, and placed oil the Calendar.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa,moved that an additional
member be appointed on the Committee on En-
rolled Bills.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Wells
was appointed.
DUNLOP'S LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. COOPER asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a joint
resolution authorizing a subscription, by certain
officers and others, to Dunlop's edition of the laws
of the United States; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Library.
COMPENDIUM OF EXECUTIVE REPORTS.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution; which
was considered by unanimous consent, and agreed
to:
Tteifilvcfl, That the President be requested to cause to be
laid before the Senate, at the commencement tile nest
session, with the annual reports of the head-* of ihe Depart-
ments, and the accompanying reports of the cinefo of bu-
reaus, an abstract or eompendiuiifralso of said last named
reports ; and a like abstract or compendium of the reports
of the Secretary of theTreasuiy on the finances, and on
commerce and navigation, together with the full report
thereon, to facilitate the preparation of a compendium of
the annual public documents.
ARMS, ETC., IN STATE ARSENALS.
Mr. PEARCE. I offer a resolution of inquiry:
llziohcd, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to Congress a statement of the number of muskets,
rifle", and other amis and equipments, delivered to the
I ■ rate arsenals respectively, the number remaining on hand,
, and the number sold and accounted for; also, the date and
amount of sueh.
! I have only to say that I present the resolution
at the request of a colleague in the House of Rep-
resentatives, who has information which satisfies
me that it is important that it should be passed.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
SOLDIERS OF THE WAR OF 1812.
Mr. BELL. As a matter of gratification to the
old soldiers—I fear they will get little else—I pre-
sent this resolution, and I hope it will not be ob-
jected to:
Resolved, That five thousand copies of the memorial and
proceedings of the convention of the soldiers of the war of
1812, held at Washington, be printed.
Mr. SLIDELL and others. It should go to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. BELL. I hope not. Let it be acted on
immediately.
Mr. SLIDELL. Our rules require that all res-
olutions of this kind should' be referred to the
Committee on Printing. I think great mischief
will result from a violation of our rules, which, I
think, we should follow.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution will be
referred to the Committee on Printing.
SENATE EMPLOYEE. t
Mr. CLAYTON submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolve ii, That IJoralio Ragan be continued in the ser-
vice of the Senate, under the authority of the Sergeant-at-
Arais, until the further order of the Senate.
NAVAL DISCIPLINE.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate, this morning, to take up and pass a House
bill, which will not occupy any time; but which
is one of very great importance to the public inter-
ests. It is a bill to provide a more efficient disci-
pline for the Navy. To show the importance of
this appeal which I am making, I may state that
the bill was prepared by the Navy Department
and sent to the House, and passed there almost
without objection. It has been examined by the
Naval Committee of the Senate, and reported
without amendment, and will, I suppose, not oc-
cupy five minutes. It is a subject of very great
importance to the Navy. It is to supply a por-
tion of the discipline necessary for the service in
the absence of any other.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
It proposes to make it the duty of every com-
manding officer of any of the vessels of the Navy,
on returning from a cruise hereafter, to forward,
immediately on his arrival in port, to the Secretary
of the Navy, a list of the names of such of the
crew who enlisted for three years as, in his opin-"
ion, on being discharged, are entitled to an " hon-
orable discharge," as a testimonial of fidelity and
obedience; and he is to grant it to them, according-
to the form prescribed by the Secretary of the
Navy. If any seaman, ordinary seaman, lands-
man, or boy, should reenlist for three years, within
three months after his discharge, he is, on pre-
senting his honorable discharge, or on accounting
in a satisfactory manner for its loss, to be entitled
to pay during the three months, equal to that to
which he would have been entitled i"f he had been
employed in actual service. Commanders of naval
vessels, in granting temporary leave of absence
and liberty on shore, are to exercise carefully a
discrimination in favor of the faithful and obedi-
ent. Summary courts-martial may be ordered
upon petty officers and persons of inferior ratinaB
by the commander of any vessel in the Navy to
which they belong, for the trial of offenses which
hemay deem deserving of greaterpunishmentthan
the commander of a vessel himself is by law
authorized to inflict of his own authority, but not
sufficient to require trial by general court-martial.
Thesummary courts-martial are to consistof three
officers not below the rank of passed midshipmen,
and of some competent person to act as recorder,
who are to take an oath for the faithful discharge
of their duty. Evidence before them is to be given
orally. Summary courts-martial may sentence
petty officers and persons of inferior ratings to any
one of the followirigpunishments: First. Discharge
from the servicc with bad conduct discharge, but
the sentence not to be carried into effect in a for-
eign country. Second. Solitary confinement in
irons, single or double, on bread and water, or
diminished rations; but no such confinement is to
exceed thirty days. Third,. Solitary confinement
