1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m§
in irons, single or double, not exceeding thirty
days. Fourth. Solitary confinement not exceed-
ing thirty days. Fifth. Confinement not exceed-
ing two months. Sixth. Reduction to next in-
ferior rating. Seventh. Deprivation of liberty on
shore on foreign station. Extra police duties, and
loss of pay, not to exceed three months, may be
added to any of these punishments. No sentence
of a summary court-martial is to be carried into
efiect without the approval of the officer ordering
the court, who may remit, in part or altogether,
but cannot commute any sentence. It is to be his
duty to remit any part or the whole of any sen-
tence, the execution of which would, in the opin-
ion of the surgeon or senior medical officer on
board, given in writing, produce serious injury to
the health of the person sentenced, or, in case he
shall refuse to do so, it shall be his duty, without
delay, to submit the case again to the s'ame or to
another summary court-martial, which shall have
power, upon the testimony already taken, to remit
the former punishment, and to assign some other
of the authorized punishments in the place thereof.
It is further provided that any person who shall
entice any seaman, ordinary seaman, landsman,
or boy, who may have enlisted into the naval
service of the United States, to desert, or who
shall conceal any deserter, and refuse to give him
up upon the order of his commanding officcr,
shall, upon legal conviction thereof, be fined at the
discretion of the court, in any sum not exceeding
three hundred dollars, or be imprisoned for any
term not exceeding one year.
Mr. MALLORY. I will only say to the Sen-
ate that the bill was prepared at the Department
with great care. It is simply to legalize the pun-
ishment of imprisonment, and to furnish a reward
to good service by way of three months' extra
wages. There were but two amendments put on
the bill in the House. One was to provide a mode
of punishment for those who entice seamen to
desert, which was inserted st the suggestion of
the district attorney for New York. The other
was that no seaman should be discharged in a for-
eign port. The bill is confined to the Navy alone,
and does not affect the merchant marine.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ST. PETER'S RESERVE.
Mr. STUART. I desire the Senate now to
take up and dispose of the bill which was the un-
finished business at the adjournment on Monday.
Itis very important to the interests of Minnesota
that it should be disposed of at once. It is a bill
of the House of Representatives to amend the
act approved the 26th August, 1852, entitled "An
act to reduce and define the boundaries of the
military reserve at St. Peter's river, in the Terri-
tory of Minnesota," and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to; a"nd the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill, the question pending being on
the amendment of Mr. Chase, to add to the fiist
section the foiiowing proviso:
Provided, alto, That the heirs of Stephen Johnston be,
a d they ai« IsetPbv, confirmed in the location ofihe lands
applied lOi, u.idcr the ctrtihcate o«* wairant iscued to caul
h''irs, so fa: a5 the samo did not inteiteic with me sortle-
ment and improvement of an actual settler, or settlor?, at
the time siid location was applied for.
Mr. STUART. I trust the Senate will not
adopt the amendment; and I wish to state, in a
very few words, why i think it should not be
adopted. As t understand his statement of the
case, it is this: The heirs of Johnston had a right,
which is sometimes denominated a floating right,
to locate the scrip issued to them on pny land that
was surveyed. The consequence is, that it may
be located on any surveyed land in the United
States, whether it has ever been put into market
or not, provided it does not interfere with an
actual settler. Now, to undertake to apply it to
this bill will, as I am informed by the Delegate
from Minnesota, interfere with.the fixed rights of
a large number of actual settlers on the lands.
Why should it be so applied ? It can be located
anywhere. The object of the bill is not such a
one as the Senator's amendment has in view, and
1 trust the Senate will allow me a brief space, per-
haps not five minutes, to state what this bill is.
The military reserve at St. Peters river was
originally a very large one. Two years ago, Con-
gress reduced it, but it still comprises several hun-
dred acres; but in reducing it, they provided that
all the lands should be put up and sold atauction.
In the mean time certain actual settlers havelocated
upon the land in good faith under what they sup-
posed to be their rights as preemptors; and so ex-
tensive are their improvements, that they have sent
a special delegation here to Congress to secure them
in what they say is all they have in the world.
They have expended in some instances, $3,000 on
a forty acre tract for a home. The effect of this
amendment is to spread this floating right over the
improvements of those actual settlers. This float-
ing claim, as I said, can be located on any other
land in the United States which is surveyed,
whether it has ever been put into market or not,"
provided the land is not actually settled on. I have
a letter from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, saying that it can be located on this
piece of land under the bill as it now stands with-
out any amendment, provided it is not located on
the improvements of an actual settler.
For this reason, i hope, the amendment will not
be agreed to. The bill does not affect the question
of the reduction of the military reserve; that was
disposed of two years ago, but it is simply aques-
tion of applying the public land laws to the land
which was thus taken off from the military reserve.
I express myself with some little anxiety upon
this subject, because the Territory of Minnesota,
like all other Territories, has no representative on
this floor. I shall not detain the Senate by read-
ing the facts which the Delegate has furnished me.
I have stated them substantially. Theconsequence
of the amendment would be to do harm to a very
large class of meritorious applicants on that land.
Mr. WALKER. If I understand this case,
land-scrip was issued to the heirs of Johnston.
They, ot some particular time, located the war-
rants granted to them, on land now to be affected
by this bill. The bill provides for the disposition
of that land. The amendment asks that the loca-
tion made by the heirs of Johnston shall be pro-
tected, provided that protection shall not extend
to any location which covered a settlement at the
time such location was made. Now, the view
which I take of the subject is, that if the warrant
to which these parties were rightfully entitled was
located at a time when there was no settlement
there, why should not the settlement be valid?
In other words, what right had any other person,
subsequent to that location, to enter on the land,
settle and improve it, and by this subsequent act
of theirs divest these locators of the rights acquired
by them ? If that be the case, I am m favor of the
location, and opposed to its being divested by any
subsequent settlement of a settler, he, from neces-
sity, having notice that the location was made.
Mr. STUART. I think I can satisfy the Sen-
ator in a moment. These men had no right to
locate the scrip on the land at the time. The loca-
tion is a nullity, find has been decided to be so at
i the Land Office, because the land was not subject
to that kind of entry. It was, therefore, notice to
nobody. Subsequently, others have gone on and
mads settlements and improvements, without any
knowledge whatever of that location. They could
have no knowledge of it, for the location was a
nullity. It might as well have been spread over
another man's farm. Now it is sought to give
effect and force to a location which was good for
nothing then; and in giving effect to it, to exclude
meritorious actual settlers from their improve-
ments, and ruin them.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, I can state my
view of this case in a few words. 1 donot pretend
that I am infallible by any means, and I shall not
speak as if I were. The military reserve at Fort
Snelling was reduced, as the*honorable Senator
from Michigan has stated. Certain land, by the
reduction, included within the original reserve,
was excluded from it. By the act excluding it
from the reserve, it is subjected to public sale, but
not to preemption. There could be no right of
preemption upon that land. At that time the
heirs of Johnston, who, as I stated to the Senate
the other day, was murdered by the Indians in
the service of his country 
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to ask him what the condition of the
reserve was at the time the heirs of Johnston
located ?
Mr. CHASE. I am about to state that. At
that time the heirs of Johnston who, as 1 said
before, was murdered by the Indians, had from
this Government a land certificate applicable to any
lands owned by -the Government, not subject to
preemption. Their representative applied to enter
this land, which was not subject to preemption,
under that certificate. He had,'in my judgment,
a perfect right so to apply; but he was met by the
statement chat, inasmuch as the act excluding these
lands from the military reserve subjected them
specially to public sale, that took them out of the
operation of his certificate; and therefore his entry
was not recognized by the Land Office. This waa
only about six months ago. At that time there
was no settler upon the land for which he applied,
and, of course, his entry could come into conflict
with the rights of no accual settler at that time.
Now, the restriction to public sale is proposed
to be removed by this bill, and it provides for
allowing any person who has settled these lands
to take them at$l 25 per acre. Then, when the
restriction is removed, this right of Johnston's
heirs attaches. They have just as good a right
to the piece of land on which they desire to locate,
as any persons holding a contract with the Gov-
ernment for any piece of land can have. If this
bill shall be passed as it is, however, they will be
excluded. It was*not designed to do it, as the
bill was framed at the Land Office; but itis actually
so framed that if it be passed it willexcludethem.
In order to prevent this exclusion, upon a state-
ment to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, he drew up this amendment which he has
sent here himself, Shd which he says would seem
fair and just to all persons. It provides for these
heirs, and comes to us from the Land Office, and
there is upon the table a letter from the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, in which he
says that the amendment would do justice to all
parties. That is all I ask, simply that the repre-
sentative of these heirs, who has this right, shall
be secured in it. It is an honest right, which
would be his legal right but for this act. I ask
that it shall not be cut off from him by the act.
Mr. COOPER. The amendment is wrong in
principle, and would do injustice; and besides that,
would defeat the bill, which ought to be passed. I
hope that the debate will not bo continued, but
that the question will be taken.
Mr. SHIELDS. I entirely concur w -i the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, am, I will
merely add, that I think the Senator from Ohio is
mistaken in relation to the principle, As has been
stated, this is a floating right, and that f oat can
be laid upon any land subject to sale ami entry.
The effect of the amendment o£ the Sena.or from
Ohio is to retroact and make a location which waa
j null and void and illegal at the time it was made,
now legal from that time, and deprive a man who
has settled on the land from all benefits from his
pettlement and possession since that time. That
will be the effect of the amendment. 1 explain it
simply that it may be fully understood It is to
make a thing which was null and void at the par-
ticular time act back and legalize the original entry,
though it was illegal when made, and thus deprive
a man who has made a subsequent settlement and
is entitled to the benefit of preemption from the
advantage given to him by the preemption laws.
1 do not agree with the honorable Senator from
Ohio, and the bill itself does not exclude this party
from the benefit of his float, lie can lay 1 hat float on
any land not subject to preemption at ^his time.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The great objection to this
amendment is, that, if it be adopted it will be
necessary to send the bill back to the House of
Representatives at a time when it cannot be taken
up, and there are now two thousand settlers whose
homes are dependent on the passage of the bill.
I trust we shall pass it without amendment.
Mr. CHASE. If this family had, as was con-
ceded, a right to this land, this act ought not to
deprive them of it. They had a right to the land
except so far as it was subject to public sale. To
that all asjree. The Commissioner of the General
Land Office agrees to it. YVe now are removing
the only obstacle which prevented their right from
attaching. Then it ought to bepermitted toattach.
It is common justice, and it seems to me common
honesty, that itshould. It interferes with the right
of no actual settler made at the time; but if any
persons have taken up these lands since that time,
it has been for the purpose of getting lands worth
ten or twelve dollars an acre, for $1 25 from th«
Government.
The amendment waa rejected.
