986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third-reading, read the
third time, and
PURCHASERS OF SXVAMP LANDS.
On motion by Mr. STUART, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the motion yester-
day made by Mr. Johnson, to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the House bill for the relief of purchasers and
locators of swamp and overflowed lands was
agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I made the
motion to reconsider under the belief that if Sen-
ators consider the subject in the view in which 1
intend to present it, the result will be different
now from what it was yesterday. I know, sir,
that in considering the report, of this committee of
conference, there area large number of Senators,
disposed to vote for it, simply because it is the
report of a committee of conference, though they
have not taken the pains to investigate the subject,
or even to follow the investigation which was
made here in the debate that occurred yesierday,
so far as to make up their own minds upon the
result of this legislation on the people oC the States
affectcd by it. I am aware that many of those
Senators were induced, byfeelings of kindness, to
vote for this party or that party, without a full
knowledge of the < fleet of their action; and 1 wish
only to say to them—1 believ* there is no harm
in telling the truth, and I trust no offense—that,
in my opinion, the effect will be injurious to a
large body of our people, and I shall presently
endeavor to make some approximation to the num-
ber who will be thus affected. Let me say to
those gentlemen who do not make up their minds
upon the merits of the case, that it will be very
hard to those who will suffer under the provisions
of this legislation if it should be done by the votes
of Senators who do not fully understand the ques-
tion, even to their own satisfaction. Ought they
not to be induced to defer the adoption of this re-
port when they reflect that the act can be passed
at i he next Congress, and still do the good which
its advocates contend it will do ? If, when the
next Congress comes together, after an investiga-
tion of the subject, they think some such provision
ought to be adopted, they can easily pass it.
Ought they not to refrain, particularly when they
must see that they are casting their votes without
full knowledge, and with a protest on the part of
many of those who will be seriously affected by it,
ajrmnstitas a measure which is wrong. Let them
reflect that when this wrong is once committed, it
is irremediable. It seems to me that this con-
sideration should induce those gentlemen who have
voted for the report without having studied and
investigated this question, whichisaltogether legal
and local in its character, and consequently not
interesting personally to themselves, to say that,
at this session, they will not pass such an act,
when the opposition to it is so earnestand sincere,
but that they will let the matter go by; and if they
find hereafter, that those who are the protestants
in this case are wrong in their protest, the delay of
nine, or ten, or twelve months which will ensue
before another act can be passed, wi:l certainly do
no ii.jury. That is the point on which I put the
case to those gentlemen. I protest against their
votin? in favor of this motion under a simple
promise that they will do so, without knrwing
the fu l effect of their legislation. 1 appeal to them
whether it is not inconsistent with thecharacter of
the legislation which is expected at the hands of
grave, reflective, and honorable Senators.
Upon the grounds which I have stated I appeal
f:rdelay. 1 fee! ihat many of my constituentsstand
here in a singular position—I will not say with a
halter about their ncclis, for I do not like to use
offensive figures of that kind—but I will say that
they stand "here before you, their judges, with the
pro.-nect of having a sentence passed upon them,
which will most seriously injure them, and vitally
destroy their interests, and that, too, by judges
who themselves say they do not understand the
auestion. 1 repeat, it will be hard to those who
suffer by the consequences of this act, if the
wrong shall be inflicted by the votes of Senators
who are not satisfied with the correctness of the
report; particularly when they can afterwards take
time to satisfy themselves, and can remedy so
seon whatever injury may be inflicted by delay.
It will be hard if wrong shall be done to these in-
dividuals by gentlemen who are not satisfied with
the biil, and who vote for it becguse some feeling
of kindness to this, that, or the other person j
affects them at present to do a favor. 1 protest |
that that course of conduct cannot be sustained i
by our own convictions of a proper discharge of
duty in matters which are alleged to be a direct
destruction of vested lights, conferred by a pre-
vious act of Congress. Then I entreat those Sen-
ators who are not satisfied of the merit of the pro-
vision proposed by the committee, to vote for
delay. I entreat them to leave it unacted on at
present, and pass a law when they can do it un-
derstandingly.
So much, Mr. President, for that branch of the
subject. 1 now come to the question of the effect
of the legislation proposed by the committee of
conference. I went to the Land Office to obtain
information on some points connected with this
bill, and I have received from the Commissioner
a letter, which I propose to read to the Senate.
H« says:
" From my conversation with yout!n<? morning, I under-
etood that ttie proposed amendment to the swampland bill,
if adopted, would require the absent of the State to the
isfiieot' patents for sales and locations by the United Stales,
oniy where ihe State hud sold the land prior to such sales
and locations."
That is another exemplification of this propo-
sition. In all cases where a State did not sell her
swamp land prior to the sale of the same land by
the United States land officers,apatentisrequired,
by this provision, absolutely to be issued, without
any release on the part of the Government. The
Commissioner says, further:
" In Missouri, Iowa, and Illinois, the swamplands have
been granted lo the couuties."
Now, I will ask the Senator from Illinois if it
is not true that the State of Illinois has granted
the swamp lands to the counties, instead of the
State, going on to carry out the terms of the grant,
and reclaim those lands?
Mr. DOUGLAS. The State has substituted
the counties as its agent, under the provisions of
the law.
Mr. JOHNSON". The act of Congress which
was passed in 1850 gave these swamp lands to the
State of Illinois, among others, on condition that
that State should go forward and reclaim the land
by drains and levees. The State of Illinois has
substituted the counties, giving the counties the
swamp lands which lie within their boundaries,
and leaving those counties comparatively irrespon-
sible agents to carry out the terms and provisions
of the act of Congress by which the swamp lands
were granted. I do not intend to make any charge
in relation to that matter; but 1 allude to it as I am
passing. Those lands, I understand, have been
almostentirely disposed of by the countiesalready.
I have heard strong complaints against the man-
ner in which that State has managed this public
grant by which she was made a trustee for the
carrying out of a specific object, which was the
redemption and reclamation of the swamp and
overflowed lands within her limits. I shall not go
further into that question; but 1 understand, as I
wish the whole class brought before the Senate at
once, that the State of Iowa has already given
away these lands to her counties on condition that
they will carty out the objects of the «rant. Wi 1
the Senator from that State answer, if that be so ?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. That is so. An act for
the purpose was passed at the last session of the
Legislature.
Mr. JOHNSON. Now, let me ask the Sena-
tor from 'Indiana whether Uidiana also has not
gragted the swamp.lands to the counties in which
they he for them to carry out the terms of the act
of Congress?
Mr. PETTIT. No, sir; they have not been
granted to the counties; but they have been sold
mostly by the State at public auction.
Mr. BUTLER. Did you drain them first.
Mr. PE FTiT. No, sir, we reserved a fund for
the purpose of draining, and that draining is going
on now.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then there are a large num-
ber of individuals who have purchased those lands
in the State of Indiana, under the action of the
Legislature of that State, and there are, therefore,
conflicting claims theie.
Mr. PETTIT. The State of Indian^ did not
sell the lands until the patentissued from this Gov-
ernment for them—not until they had been pat-
ented to the State of Indiana.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then that saves Indiana the
difficulty in which this will involve Arkansas and
other States. I wish now to ask the Senator from
Michigan whether his State has parted with the
swamp lands to the counties?
Mr. STUART. The State ©f Michigan has
not parted with its title, to the counties or to any
other municipal corporations.
Mr. JOHNSON. Has that State done any-
thing towards carrying out the act of Congress,
by reedemingand reclaiming the swamp land ?
Mr. STUART. She has disposed of portions
of those lands to individuals, for the purpose of
carrying out the intention of Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then 1 must, contend that
the Senator, by agreeing to the passage of this
bill, is doing harm to some of his constituents also.
Mr BROWN. I wish to call the attention of
the Senator from Indiana to one point which he
stated. He said that his State did not sell the*
swamp lands until they were patented to the State
by the United States. Now, the idea of the issuing
of a patent, I know, has made an impiession on the
minds of some Senators; but I think the fact i3,
that no patent has been issued to the States at all.
Mr. PETTIT. The Senator is mistaken; a
patent has been issued from the General Laud
Office. The State of Indiana has a patent.
Mr. BROWN. I think the Senator must be
mistaken.
Mr. PETTIT. No, sir; I am not.
Mr. BROWN. 1 never heard of apatent being
issued to my Slate or any other.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will call the attention of
my friend from Mississippi to the fact that there
is an act of Congress operating as a patent, which
was passed at the last session, t believe, it is well
for. Indiana to support this proposed legislation,
when it is remembered that, under the lead of an
honorable gentleman, Indiana was the most urgent
and pressing of all the States to get possession of
her rights under the swamp land act, and she
obtained them more speedily than any other.
Pass this act, which issues a patent to the United
States alienee, and he meets a patent to all who
have bought from the State of Indiana; therefore
the Indiana purchaser of swamp land is protected,
while the rights of the Arkansas purchaser of
swamp land are destroyed by the same bill, is
that right? The legislation proposed here now,
under the lead of those States who will be bene-
fited by this act, will operate unequally upon the
same class of persons in different States, ft om the
fact that one had its rights perfected more rapidly
than another, for the reason that the General Land
Office could not settle all at once, but they had to
go on with some first, and, of course, they settled
the grants of thoseStaies which were most urgent.
The Commissioner in his letter says that " this
act of course could only operate m those States"
■which have granted their lands to the counties,
u by construction," regarding the sales made by
the counties as made by the States. Those gentle-
men whose States have not received a patent, by
their contending for thepasaageof this act,expect
that, having granted away their lands to the coun-
ties at an early day, the citizens, holding the first
tnle under the swamp land act, will make that title
take date from the time at v/hich the State granted
the lands to the counties, and consequently that
they will be protected from the passage of this
act, which authorizes the issue of a patent by the
United States at once and directly to the alienee of
the United States.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am sure the Senator does
not mean to give an erroneous impression of the
1 proviso against which he is arguing.
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir, I am always happy
to be corrected.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The proviso expressly guards
against the very objection which the Senator urges,
to wit, that the grant made to the counties will
protect the purchaser; for in the committee of
conference we strike out the word 'k county," and
put tn the word "individuals." For this reason
the objection which he has made is expressly re-
moved by the language of the proviso.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator says the lan-
guage is " when granted to individuals." Now
coumiex are bodies corporate, having the right to
sue and be sued; and if those gentlemen rely upon
the fact, that having made grants to the counties,
