990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 38,
passage of wrong laws, under the mere dicta of
Senators here. I protest against the adoption of
this report of the committee of conference, though
f understand it is a unanimous report. The
members of that committee consulted with them-
selves alone. I heard nothing of their consulta-
tions, and knew nothing ofwthe terms of the agree-
ment at which they arriffed, until they presented
their report here. Now, we are called on to adopt
it because of the unanimity of the committee; and
Senators are asked to do it against the protest of
those who pray for delay, who request time.
Gentlemen who profess not to understand it are
requested to wait until such time as they can fully
appreciate it. We are appealing- to your sense of
justice, and of right towards those who are not
here, and cannot protect themselves.
The PRESIDENT. The question is onrecon-
sidering the vote by which the Senate concurred
in the report of the committee of conference
, Mr. DOUG-LAS called for yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 21, nays 24*, as follows:
YEA3—M'-s^rs. Adams, Hnclger, Dell, Rrown, Butler,
Ola\, Clay ton. Dawson, hY^Kendt'iijGoycr, Johnson, Jom;s
of Tennessee, Morton, llus-k, SrlmMi ;n, Se*va d, Thomp-
son of KenniekyjTourey, VVadf, Walker, it ml Weller—i21.
NAY"*—Mos,s:rj  Allen, Umjomm, Bright, Clmsr,
Ooopei, Dodge oJ Wisconsin, Doughs, Fout.Gillotte, €\vin,
llumer, James, Jones of lowis, Mallory, Mn-on, l'etm,
Pratt, sUiK'IdH, Siuictl, Sluart, Thouisoii of New Jersey,
Wilson, and Wright—'24.
So the motion was not agreed to.
SENATE BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message was received from the President of
the United States by Mr. Websteh, his Secretary,
announcing that lie had approved and signed the
following acts and joint resolutions:
An act to establish a court for the investigation
' of claims against the United States;
An act granting bounty land to Susan Palmer;
A joint resolution for the relief of Rebecca
Hmton; and
An net authorizing the issuing of a register to
the Russian-built ship Ainu.
An act to promote the efficiency of the Navy;
An act for the relief of Mrs. Helen Mackay,
administratrix of Lieutenant Colonel ^Eneas Mac*
kay, late a deputy quartermaster in the United
States Army;
A joint resolution accepting the sword of Gen-
eral Andrew Jackson, and returning the thanks of
Congress to the family of the late General Robert
Armstrong; and
An act to provide for the payment of such
creditors of the late Republic of Texas as are
comprehended in the act of Congress of September
9, 1850.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that they had passed the following
bills:
A btil for the relief of Daniel Searle & Co., for
extra services rendered the Post Office Department
of the United States; and
A bill for the relief of Charles H. Pointer.
Also, that they had passed Senate bill to prevent
mistrials in the district and circuit courts of the
United Sfktes in certain cases, with amendments.
MAIL STEAMER APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the considemtion of the ocean mail steamer
appropriation bill;and after much debate, (which
will be found in the Appendix,) the bill was passed
ss it came from the House, without amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn. 1 think we have done work enough
for one day.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the motion will not be
agreed to.
The motion was rejected.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A messag-e from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk, announced that
they had passed a bill for the increase of John C.
Burton's pension.
Also, that they had passed the following Senate
bills and joint resolutions:
A b U far the relief of the heirs of Brigadier
General Richard B. Mason;
A bill for the relief of Charles W. Carroll;
A bill to Amend 14 An act to establish a land
district in the State of Florida, to be called the
district of Tampa;*'
A bill to settle certain accounts between the
United States and the State of Alabama;
A bill to establish the collection districts of Cape
Perpetua and Port Orford, in the Territory of
Oregon, and to fix the salaries of the officers of the
customs therein; and
A joint resolution in relation to the New Orleans
custom-house.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, announcing that the
House had agreed to the first, second, third, fourth,
fourteenth, fifteenth,sixteenth, seventeenth, eigh-
teenth, nineteenth, twentieth, twenty-first, twenty-
second, twenty-third, twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth,
twenty-sixth, twenty-seventh, twenty-eighth,
twenty-ninth, thirtieth, thirty-first, thirty-second,
thirty-third, thirty-fourth, thirty-fifth, thirty-sixth,
thirty-seventh, thirty-eighth, thirty-ninth,fortieth,
forty-second, forty-third, forty-fourth, forty-sixth,
forty-ninth, and fifty-third amendments of the
Senate, to the bill making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
Department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with the various Indian tribe , for the year ending
the 30th of June, 185G; that they had agreed to the
fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, tenth, eleventh,
twelfth, and thirtenth amendments of the Senate,
with an amendment; that they had agreed to the
forty-fifth nnd forty-seventh amendments of the
Senate, with amendments, and that they had
disagreed to the forty eighth, fiftieth, fifty-first,
and fifty-second amendments of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we can dispose of the
bill withouta committee of conference. The Com-
mittee on Indian AtTairs have examined the sub-
ject. I have looked into it, und 1 think we had
better agree ot once in the action of the House.
Mr, SHIELDS. There are some amendments
which have been rejected by the House, which 1
think oushtto be fully considered.
Mr. HUNTER. There are only four of our
amendments to which the House has objected, and
they arc small amendments.
Mr. SHIELDS. I think we had better have a
committee of conference. There are some of the
amendments which ought not to be lost.
Mr. JOHNSON. A little delay on this matter,
! think, can do no harm, and I therefore move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope not. 1 trustweshall
finish this bill, and'then go on with the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope the Senate will now
proceed with the consideration of the Indian ap-
propriation bill. The Senate will find that there
are only four unimportantamendments remaining
undisposed of. The House concurred in every-
thing we did with some slight amendments, to
which the Committee on Indian Affairs agreed,
and the House have dissented from but four of our
amendments.
Mr. STUART. If the Committee on Indian
Affairs have no objection, to the action of the
House, let us take the question at once on con-
curring in that action.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator from
Virginia says that the amendments which have
been rejected by the House are unimportant.
Now, there is one which, 1 think, is very import-
ant. The honorable Senator will recollect the
struggle which we had here about putting on the
bill the amendment to which I allude. If I under-
stand the action of the House, they considered the
amendment just, and fair, and right, and objected
to it only because, in their opinio!., it was put upon
the wrong bill. 1 tiust we shall insist on that
amendment. It is one allowing a percentage to
some of the paymasters in the Army. It was
recommended by the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, and as chairman of that committee, 1 am
bound to insist upon it, because I believe it is
universally acknowledged that it is just and right;
the only objection is that this bill is not the proper
place for it.
Mr. JOHNSON, it is a question of place, and
not of merit.
Mr. SHIELDS. As the honorable Senator
from Arkansas says, it is altogether a question of
place,and not of justice or right. 1 always desire
to treat the honorable Senator from Virginia, and
the committee at the head of which he is, and the
duties*of which he manages with so much ability,
with fairness; but I hope he will allow us to have
a committee of conference on this bill. There can
be no harm done by that.
Mr. HUtVTER. If the Senator chooses to
move for a committee of conference, he can do so,
but I think it best to concur in theaciion of the
House. . .
Mr. SHIELDS. I think it better to insist upon
our amendments. My conviction is that it is just
that we should do so. I must, therefore, ask that
a committee of conference be appointed.
Mr. JOHNSON. In addition to what has been
stated by the honorable Senator from Illinois, I
wish to remark that the amendment to which he
alludes was brought forward by the Committee
on Military Affairs after the Army appropriation
bill had passed this body, and it consequently had
to be put on any bill to which it was in our power
to attach it. He was requested and instructed by
the committee to offer it to this bill, though, seem-
ingly, inconsistent with its general objects. He
did so on a full consideration of the merits of the
case. The Senate adopted the amendment. On
the simple question'of the propriety of placing it
on this bill, the House have rejected it without
any regard to its merits. Under such circum-
stances, the Senator from Illinois asks a simple
departure from the rule from which we depart
every day, in relation to the congruity of the
measures which we attach to appropriation bills.
1 hope a proposition which has merit will be kept
by the Senate in the position in which they have
previously placed it.
Mr. BADGER. I concur entirely in what has
ben said by the Senator from Illinois, and sec-
onded by the Senator from Arkansas, We put an
amendment upon this bill which in itself nobody
doubts is right. The House rejected that amend-
ment. If they rejected it upon the ground that
they considered it wrong, it is a fair and legitimate
question for consideration on a committee of con-
ference. We are not to yield our own judgment
as to what is right merely because the House dif-
fer from us; for if so, it is in vain for us to put
an amendment on a bill if we are to yield without
a question to the rejection by the House of that
amendment, merely because, although right in
itself, theydo not think it ought to be in this bill.
Now, we have no joint rule between the two
Houses which determines what amendments shall
be put upon particular bills. That is a matter for
our consideration. If the amendment is right, and
the House recognizes it as right, I pray you why
should we recede from it because the House think
we ought to have put it on some other bill ? I
hope the motion of the Senator from Illinois will
prevail.
Mr. HUNTER. I propose that we concur in
the amendments of the House to the Senate amend-
ments, and thus dispose of that partof the bill; and
then, if the Senator from Illinois desires to insist
on the amendments to which the House have not
agreed, he can do so, and move at the same time
for a conferencc.
Mr, SHIELDS. I agree to that.
Mr. ADAMS. I desire to ask the Senator from
North Carolina by what means he knows officially
the ground on which the House of Represenativea
rejected our amendment to which allusion has been
made.
Mr. BADGER. I did not undertake to state
that I knew officially, or in any other way, the
1 ground. The ground was stated hereby Senators
who had preceded me, that the House rejected the
amendment, not because it was not right in itself,
but because they thought it ought not to be put
upon this bill. Dut my objection to receding
from the position we have taken is in either point
of view. If the amendment is ri^ht, why should
we not insist upon it? Has anything been offered
to show the Senate that it is r.o't right?
The PRESIDINGGFFICER, (Mr. Wkliee.)
The question is on the motion submitted by the
Senator from Illinois that the Senate insist on their
amendments, and n«k for a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses.
Mr. HUNTER I have suggested that the
lirst question shall be taken on concurring in the
House amendments to our amendments, there is
no objection to those amendments of the House;
and then let the Senator from Illinois move to
