THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1855.
New Series....No. 63.
The SPEAKER. Yesterday evening the gen-
tleman-from New York [Mr. Haven] submitted
a motion to commit a bill then pending before the
House; and before taking his seat he made a mo-
tion to suspend the rules. The motion was enter-
tained by the then occupancofthe chair. Being
objected to by some gentleman upon the floor,
the gentleman from Ohio took an appeal from the
decision of the Chair entertaining the motion to
suspend the rules. The Chair sustains the decis-
ion of the occypant of the chair of last evening.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I respectfully beg leave to
disagree with the Chair, but as 1 do not wish to
consume the time of the House in discussing a
question involving a very unimportant matter, and
perhaps a very just claim, [ withdraw the appeal.
The SPEAKER. Will the House hear the
Chair a moment upon the question of order, as
perhaps the same question may arise again ? The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Haven] having
the floor, and having submitted a motion to com-
mit a bill, was entitled to make a speech. There
is no doubt of that. If he choose to give up that
speech, he can make a motion. Can there beany
objection to that?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I draw a distinction be-
tween theright to make'a speech, and the right to
make a motion.
The SPEAKER. The two motions are not
double, so as to conflict with each other and dis-
arrange the order of business. The appeal being
withdrawn, the motion to suspend the rules is the
first business in Older.
REPORT FROM SELECT COMMITTEE.
Mr. ETHERIDGE, by unanimous consent,
from the select committee to which was referred
the memorial of Samuel A. Warner and others,
,in relation to leveeing the east bank of the Missis-
sippi, in the §tates of Kentucky and Tennessee,
reported a joint resolution in relation to the over-
flow of land near the Mississippi river, in the
States of Kentucky and Tennessee; which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. MAXWELL here obtained the floor.
Mr. HAVEN. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER, The Chair would beg leave
to suggest to the House that it should allow all
unimportant business, which shall give rise to no
debate, to be submitted to the House, and tf any-
thing is presented that shall give rise to debate,
it shall be returned to the member presenting it.
It would be a great relief to the Chair, as well as
to members, if that course should be pursued.
Mr. HAVEN. Suppose I omit to call for the
regular order of business, and surrender the floor,
and a member should object to any business,
would not my motion come up first?
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman certainly will
not lose any right he now has.
Mr. HAVEN. Well, then, under the sug-
gestion of the Chair, I will not call for the regular
order of business, but allow business to progress
as suggested.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again state
that the first business in order is the consideration
of the gentleman's motion for a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. HAVEN. I will withdraw that motion
for the present.
Mr. BRIDGES. Mr. Speaker, I have a mo-
tion to submit, which, I am sure, can meet with
no objection when it is explained.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Florida
is entitled to the lloor if there be no objection to his
proposition.
Mr. BRIDGES. I hope the gentleman from
Florida will yield to me for a moment.
Mr. MAXWELL. I would be glad to do so at
any other time, but, under existing circumstances,
the gentleman must excuse me from doing so.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that the gentleman from New York has en-
tirely withdrawn his motion for suspensionofthe
63
rules, but that he has only postponed its consid-
eration. He used the word withdraw.
Mr. HAVEN. The Chair's understanding is
correct. My motion is only suspended.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I demand the regular
order of business.
Mr. BRIDGES. I would appeal to the gentle-
man from California to withdraw that demand for
a moment, so as to allow me to have disposed of
a bill to which there will be no objection ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. At the request of several
gentlemen, I withdraw my demand for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Florida will submit his proposition.
TAMPA LAND DISTRICT.
Mr. MAXWELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to
take up and put on its passage Senate bill (No.
534) to amend an act entitled" An act to establish
a land district in the Slate of Florida, to be called
the district of Tampa." A word of explanation
will satisfy the House of the propriety of the
passage of the bill. It is merely to supply an
omission in an act passed at the last session of
Congress.
The bill was read in cxtenso; and then ordered to
be read a third time; and it was read the third lime,
and passed.
Mr. MAXWELL. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay that
motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER The Chair will submit a
proposition. Is it the pleasure of the House that
for a half hour such business as will give rise to
no debate may be received and disposed of?
[Cries of " Agreed !" " Go on !"j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Until twelve
o'clock.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection made?
Mr. JONES. There is.
Mr. BRIDGES. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee of the Whole
House be discharged from the further considera-
tion of House bill (No. 4G5) for the relief of Isaac
Adams. It is for the extension of a patent until
1864.
[Cries of "I object!" " I object!"]
Mr. BRIDGES. One word of explanation will
satisfy the House of the justice of the measure.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object. Discussion is
out of order.
Mr. BRIDGES. Then I move that the rules of
the House be suspended for the purpose I have
indicated.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending
for the suspension of the rules.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 rise to a question of
order. My colleague obtained the fljor for the
purpose of having tali en up and put on its passage
a bill for the relief of some land officers who have
suffered much. It is a righteous bill. He could
not move a suspension of the rules for the purpose
indicated, because there was a motion to suspend
the rules already pending. I demand the regular
order of business—the disposition of the motion
to susoend the rules made by the gentleman from
New York—so that we may get to the business of
my colleague.
Mr. HAVEN. I will call up and have my
motion disposed of when we have taken action on
the amendments of the Senate to the Indian appro-
priation bill. We can do it in a few minutes.
They ought to go back to the Senate as soon as
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous consent
of the House that the amendments of the Senate
to the Indian appropriation bill be taken up and
disposed of?
There was no objection.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will proceed to
read the amendments, with the action of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON; These amendments were all
read yesterday, in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and I do not see any neces-
sity for their being again read. One vote will dis-
pose of the whole matter.
The SPEAKER. If there be noobjection their
reading will be dispensed with.
There was no objection.
Mr. HAVEN. I withdraw the motion to re-
commit the amendments; and I move that, by
unanimous consent, the fifth, sixth, seventh^
eighth, ninth, tenth, eleventh, twelfth, and thir-
teenth Senate amendments, which are as follows,
be transferred to that portion of the bill after the
one hundred and fifty-second line; and that there
be put at their head the words: For fulfilling
treaties with the Chippewas of Lake Superior, so
as to conform to the treaty concluded the 30*h of
September, 1854." My motion .is at the instance
of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Fifth amendment:
For expenses {in part) of selecting reservations, and sur-
veying and marking the boundaries thereof, per second*
third, arid twelfth articles of the treaty of September 30.
1834, $3,009.
Sixth amendment:
For the payment of the first of twenty Installments fti
coin, poods, &.e., agricultural implements, &c., and educa-
tion, &c., per fourth article of the treaty of September 30.
1854, $19,000.
Seventh amendment:
For the purchase of clothing and other articles, to be
given to the vouijg men at the next annuity payment, as
per fourth article of the treaty of September 30,1834, $4,800.
Eighth amendment:
For the purchase of agricultural implements and other
articles, as pn>sents for the mixed-blood*, per foarth article
of the treaty of September SO, 1854, $6,000.
Ninth amendment:
For the payment of such debts as may be directed by the
J chiefs in open council, and found to be just and correct by
' the Secretary ofthc Interior, per fourth article of the treaty
of September 30, ] 854, $90,000.
Tenth amendment:
For the payment of such debts of the Bois Forte bands
as may bo directed by their chiefs, and found to be just and
correct by the Secretary of the Interior, per twelfth article
of the treaty of September 30, 1854, $10,000.
Eleventh amendment:
For the payment of the fir<4 of five installments in blank-
ets, cloth, &.c., to the Boi^ Forte band, per twelfth article of
the treaty of September 30, 1854, $-2,000.
Twelfth amendment:
For the first of twenty installments for the pay of sis
smiths and assistants, per fifih and second articles of the
treaty of September 30,lt?54, $5,040.
Thirteenth amendment:
For the first of twenty installments for the support of sir
smith-shop?, per fifth and second articles ©I tiie treaty of
September 30, 1851, $1,320.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The question was- then taken on the report of
, the Committee of the Whole on the state, of the
! Union, as amended on motian by Mr. Haven;
I and it was? adopted.
Mr. HAVEN. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the committee, as amended,
was adopted, and to lay that motion upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ACCOUNTS OF ALABAMA.
Mr. DOW DELL obtained the floor.
Mr. HAVEN. I will suggest to the gentleman
from Alabama, and to gentlemen upon^ali sides,
that it will be better to dispose of my motion to
suspend the rules, and then other motions to sus-
pend the rules will be in order.
Mr. DOWDELL. I have detained the House
scaicely a moment during the present session, I
have preferred to evince my disposition to serve
the country by action rather than words. This
is the second time I have obtained the floor. I
have a little favor to ask of the House. It is the
first favor I have asked of the House, and it will
be the last
[Cries of" Aarreed !" " No speech!"]
Mr. DOWDELL. I ask the House to take up
and pass Senate bill (No. 543) to settle certaia
