994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
accounts between the United States and the State
of Alabama. It is simply a bill to authorize the
proper officers to settle the accounts with the State
of Alabama growing out of the sixth section of
the act for the admission of that State into the j
Union.
By the sixth section of that act it is provided:
« That five per centam of the net proceeds of lands lying
within the s<nd Territory, and which shall be sold by Con-
gress from and after the first day of September, in the year
1 19, alter deducting all th« expenses incident to the same,
shah be reseived for making roads, canals," &c.
Under this compact and subsequent laws, that
amount is to be paid over to the State. This pro-
vision was made for the State, in consideration of
her agreement that the public lands within her
limits should be exempt from taxation, and those
which might be sold should likewise not be taxed
for live years after such sale. When this compact
was made, the practice of the Government had
been to sell all of the public lands for cask. The
State, therefore, on entering into the compact, very
justly expected the same rule to be observed; at
least, that no departure would be made to her
injury. By treaties subsequently made with the
Choctaws, Creeks, and Chickasaws, the United
States acquired large bodies of lands within the
linnts of Alabama, portions of which were re-
served to individual Indians, to procure the assent
of the tribes to a cession of their lands, and for
other purposes. The Government has long since
parted with us title to much the larger part ofthese
reservations, and patents have been issued to the
reservees or their assignees. For these reserva-
tions the United States received a valuable con-
sideration in being enabled to extinguish the In-
dian title for a less sum of money. It is proposed
by the bill to pay to the State the five per centum
fund due upon these lands, estimating them at the
minimum price. It is in pursuance of the com-
pact, and strictly just and erfuitable. I hope there
will be no objection.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I object.
Mr. DOWDELL. The bill was unanimously
reported by the Committee on Public Lands in the
Senate. It is recommended by the Commissioner
of Public Lands, who is a vigilant and faithful
officer. I hope the gentleman will withdraw his
objection.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I cannot.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let me ask
the Chair a question. I desire to ask the Chair
whether, if the motion of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Haven] i3 put and disposed of, it wilt
not be in order for other members to move to sus-
pend the rules in other cases?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order.
Mr. DOWDELL- The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Giddings] has consented to withdraw his
objection to the bili for settling the accounts with
the State of Alabama. I ask the consent of the
House, therefore, that that bill may be taken up
and disposed of.
There being no objection, the bill wna taken up,
and read through by the Clerk, and then ordered
to a third reading; and was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. . I move to reconsider the vote by which the
bill just now taken up upon the motion of my col-
league, [Mr. Dowdell,] was passed, and to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair again states that
the regular order of business is upon the motion
of the gentleman from New York, to suspend the
rules. %
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I rise to a privileged
question. I move that when this House adjourns,
it adjourn to meet at seven o'clock this evening,
for the purpose of considering private claims.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is not a priv-
ileged question.
The SPEAKER. It is not only not a privileged
question, but the motion is not in order.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. SIMMONS, it was
0? tiered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
of the Mouse the papers in the case of Sally Siyter, widow
ofJonathan Slyter.deceased, for the purpose of having them
presented before the Commissioner of Pensions.
On motion by Mr. KURTZ, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
of the House, the papers In the case of Andrew Chapman,
a soldier in the war of the Revolution, for the purpose of
having them presented to the Senate.
On motion by Mr. WALBRIDGE, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to take from the files of
the House copies of the papers in the case of Michael
Nourse.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the House allow me to
report back the Senate amendments to the Post
Office appropriation bill, for the purpose of having
it printed and referred ?
There being no objection, the bill of the House
making appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1856, with the Senate amendments thereto,
was reported back, referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
HON. B. W. DENT.
Mr. CHASTAIINL I ask the consent of the
House to introduce a resolution.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object, and call for the
vote upon the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. CHASTAIN. If the gentleman will hear
the resolution, he will not object. It is in behalf
of my colleague, Colonel Dent, who has been
confined at home by sickness for the whole ses-
sion. The resolution is to give him his per diem
for the session. It is precisely the same as has
been passed by the House in all similar cases.
I move the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be paid to the honorable B. W.
Dknt his per diem lor the second session ot the Thirty-
Tluul Confess, he luiving been detained ul home by tsiek-
ness.
Mr. 1NGERS0LL. I will withdraw my ob-
jection.
There being no objection, the resolution was
received, considered, and adopted.
Mr. PJEOKIIAM. I desire the consent of the
Houae to take up a bill to which theie can be no
possible objection. I ask consent to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 560.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. I
rise to a question of order. I demand the vote
upon the motion to suspend the rules upon the
Mason case.
GENERAL RICHARD B. MASON.
The motion of Mr. Haven to suspend the rules
for the purpose of taking up Senate bill (No. 285)
for the relief of the heirs of Brigadier General Rich-
ard B. Mason, was then taken up for consideration.
The bill was read through by the clerk. It pro-
vides that all the provisions of the act approved
February 3.1, 1H53, entitled 4< An act for the relief
of Brevet Brigadier General Riley, and to enable
hm to settle his accounts with the United States,"
be applied to the heirs of Brigadier General Rich-
ard B. Mason, in reference to all moneys raised
and collected by him for contributions, penalties,
internal assessments, duties, or other objects, in
California, from June 1, 1847, to April 15,1849;
and that the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury Department, in settling the accounts of Mason,
be authorized and required to allow as a credit a
commission of one and a half per cent, upon the
moneys so raised, collected, and disbursed by
him, while he was Governor of California during
the time stated above.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to cay these few words
to the House 
[Cries of " Oh, no !" and cc Let the bill pass!"]
Mr. HAVEN. I want it to pass, and the few
words that I have to say are, that I move the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time, and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
SETTLERS ON GOVERNMENT LANDS.
Mr. GIDDINGS, of Nebraska. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to discharge the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union
from the further consideration of a bill to amend
the act of Congress, approved May 23, 1844,
entitled " An act for the relief of citizens of towns
upon land3 of the United States, under certain
circumstances."
The bill was read for information.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the read-
ing of the act of 1844.
Mr. WALSH. I oWect to the bill.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I move to suspend
the rules, for the purpose of having it taken .up,
and I will inform the Hpuse what are the provis-
ions of the act which this bill proposes to amend.
It is an act of Congress, passed ift 1844^ for the
benefit of the proprietors of towns upon public
lands belonging to the United States. That act
gave these proprietors the right to enter three hun-
dred and twenty acres, at the Government price of
§1 25 an acre. That actapplied only to surveyed
lands. The proposition now is to extend the pro-
visions of that act also to unsurveyed lands, that
it may meet the wants of the citizens of the Ter-
ritories where the lands have not been surveyed.
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The time has
arrived (twelve, o'clock, m.) to which the bill
taken up yesterday, granting bounty lands to the
officers and soldiers of the war of 1812, was post-
poned, and that is the first business in order.
Mr. WHITFIELD. 1 hope the House will
act upon the motion of the gentleman from Ne-
braska.
Mr. WHEELER. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to report a bill from
the Committee on the Judiciary, for the purpose
of reference merely.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have submitted amotion
to suspend the rules, and it has not yet been acted
on.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman submitted
his motion at the very moment when the bounty
land bill came up, being a special order. The gen-
tleman's motion to suspend the rules will hold
over until that matter is disposed of, and then
come up regularly in its order.,
R. R WARD AND OTHERS.
Mr. STANTON, ofTennessee,from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, then, by unanimous con-
sent, reported a bill for the relief of R. R. Ward,
F. G. Halleck, and Jacob Little; which was read
a first and second time by its title.
Mr. STANTON. I ask if it is in order, under
the bill lately passed, to refer this bili to the court
of claims ?
The SPEAKER. Why the court ia not yet
organized.
Mr. STANTON. Then I move that the bill
be referred to a Committee of the Whole House?
and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
NEW COLLECTION DISTRICTS.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take up Senate bill No. •
G71), relating to Oregon and Oregon affairs, and
necessary for the protection of the interests of the
Government in that Territory.
Mr. READY. I rise to a question of order. I
obtained the floor half an hour since, when the
gentleman from New York EMr. Haven] claimed
his privilege. I thought that I should have been
entitled to the floor when that bill was disposed
of, and if so, I insist on it.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules, the gentle-
man would not have been entitled to the floor; but,
had the Chair remembered the circumstances, a
feeling of courtesy, at least, would have induced
him to hunt out the gentleman from .Tennessee
from among the mass of gentlemen seeking the
floor, but the gentleman has no claim under the
rule.
Mr. READY. I will not object to the bill of"
the gentleman from Oregon, but I hope I shall be
allowed to have the floor when he has disposed of
his bill.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. I desire to know
what becomes of the bounty land bill ?
The SPEAKER. The effect of these motions
is to postpone that bill for the moment only.
On motion by Mr. LANE, of Oregon, by unan-
imous consent, the following bill was then taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and
second time by its title:
Senate bill (No. 679) to establish the collection
districts of Cape Perpetua and Port Orford, in the
Territory of Oregon; and to fix the salaries of the
officers of customs therein.
The bill was read in ecctcnso.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. I
