1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ask the gentleman from Oregon whether that bill
has been recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury?
Mr. LANE. At the last session I introduced a
bill, and had it referred to the Committee on Com-
.merce in this House. I was sent to the Secretary
of the Treasury by that committee, and the bill
just read has been prepared by the Secretary of
the Treasury himself, and sent to this House. A
copy of it was also sent to the Senate, and passed.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was read the third time, and passed.
RECIPROCITY" TREATY BILL.
Mr. PECKHAM. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up 
Mr. CHASTAIN, (interrupting.) I call for the
regular order of business.
jjlr. PECKHAM. I hope the gentleman from
-Georgia will withdraw that call. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Middleswarth,] who
holds the floor, consents that I should offer this bill.
Mr. CHASTAIN withdrew the call for the
regular order-of business.
"Mr. PECKHAM. I now ask the unanimous
consent of the House to allow me to call up Sen-
ate bill (No. 560) to carry into effect the treaty
stipulations between the United States and Great
Britain. 1 mean the Canadian reciprocity treaty.
It is a bill to which there is not theslightestobiec-
tion. It contains .only two sections; and it has
unanimously passed the Senate.
There being no objection, the House proceeded
to take up Senate bill (No. 560) to amend an act
to carry into effect the treaty between the United
States and Great Britain, approved 5th August,
1854.
The bill was read in externa.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
bill will be read a second time.
Mr. CHASTAIN. I give notice that after the
passage of this bill I shall insist on the regular
order of business.
Mr. COBB. I object to the bill being read a
second time.
Mr. PECKHAM. Is it not in order to move
to suspend the rules?
TheSPEAKER. Thatmotion is notinorder,
as we are now acting under suspension of the
rules.'
Mr. HENN. I rise to a question of order.
That is, that under the 31st rule, a member shall
rise in his seat when he addresses the Chair; and
1 ask the Chair if that rule does not require the
member to rise from his own seat?
TheSPEAKER. TheChairdecidesthat,within
the spirit of the rule, a member rises from his own
seat if he rises from a seat at all. That is a decis-
ion as old, almost, as the legislation of Congress.
The Chair sustains the point of order to the extent
that it is proper for a gentleman to rise from his
seat, or, at least,-from a seat, when he addresses
the Chair.
Mr. HENN. The rule says his seat.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not, as it
stated this morning, recognize any gentleman
addressing the Chair except from his seat.
Mr. HENN. I wish to state to the Speaker the
reason why I make this point of order. It is, that
those gentlemen who retain their seats do not get
the floor, while those gentlemen who leave their
seats alone get it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair acknowledges the
force of what the gentleman says, and will state
that, even if it should happen that a gentleman
standing on the floor had been recognized, the
Chair will rule him off the floor unless he rises
from bis seat.
Mr. HENN. I hope that the rule will be car-
ried out.
The SPEAKER. The Chair mentions this that
the House may aid in the execution of the rule.
Mr. CHASTAIN. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot recognize
the gentleman, as he has not been in his seat for
half an hour.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I rise from
my seat, and call for the regularorder of business.
COMMUNICATION FROM SECRETARY OF THE
TREASURY.
The SPEAKER. laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
containing the annual report of that officer, show-
995
ing the condition of all the banks throughout the
United States, which, on motion by Mr. Jones,
of Tennessee, was laid on-the table, and ordered
to be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the
following titles; which receiyed the signature of
the Speaker:
An act to establish a circuit court of the United
States in and for the State of California;
An act changing the times of holding the United
States courts in Tennessee;
An act authorizing the purchase or construction
of four additional revenue cutters; and
An act for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Joseph Savage, deceased.
MESSAGES FROM THE SENATE.
A message'was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Diciuns, their Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had agreed to the report of
the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill for the relief
of the purchasers and locators of swamp and, over-
flowed lands.
A message was also received from the Senate,
by A-sbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed bills of the
House, without amendments, with the following
titles:
An act to provide a more efficient discipline in
the Navy; and
An act to amend the act approved August 20,
1852, entitled "An act to reduce and define the
boundaries of the military reserve at St. Peter's
! river, in the Territory of Minnesota," and for
other purposes.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Sidney Webster, Esq., his
i Private Secretary, notifying the House that he had
approved and signed bills of the following titles:
An act making appropriation for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending the 30th of June, 185G, and
for other purposes;
An act for the relief of Lot Davis; and
An act making appropriation for military de-
fenses at Proctor's Landing, in Louisiana. ''
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the following bill:
Senate bill (No. 511) in addition to certain acts
granting bounty land to certain officers and soldiers
who have been engaged in the military service of
the United States, upon which the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benton] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PECKHAM. If the gentleman from Mis-
souri will yield the floor to me for a moment, I will
ask the House to pass the bill which I have already
asked the consent of the House to take up and
pass, as the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb]
who objected to its passage, will withdraw his
objection.
Mr. MAYALL. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
| from Missouri will yield the floor to me for a mo-
ment, I will move that the rules of the House be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
and I will move, also, that the bounty land bill be
postponed until twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. BENTON. I will not object to it.
Mr. DISNEY. I rise to make a privileged
motion. I am aware of the impatience of the
House in listening to the reports of the Committee
on Public Lands. The House have been engaged
in evening sessions in general discussion. My
proposition is this: If the House will give the
Committee on Public Lands this evening in which
to report, I will pledge myself to trouble them no
more this session. Instead of spending this even-
i ing in general discussion, let us devote it to the
' disposal of matters from the Committee on Public
Lands. My motion is, that when this House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet at seven o'clock this
\ evening, for the purpose of hearing reports from
the Committee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. * The Chair decides that the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio is not in order
under the rules. We cannot chapge the hour of
meeting by a motion of that kind.
Mr. DISNEY. I do not propose to change the
hour of meeting of the House, but only to change
the disposition of business of Che evening session.
The SPEAKER. It can be only done by unani-
mous consent. It is a proposition to take a rscegs;
and we have no rule authorizing us to do this.'
Mr. DISNEY. I expressly stipulated that it
should be an adjournment. -
The SPEAKER. To be sure it is an adjourn-
ment; but the motion would not be in order.
Mr. DISNEY. The rule expressly says, that
a motion to adjourn shall take precedence of all
other motions.
The SPEAKER. The motion submitted by
the gentleman from Ohio can only be entertained
by unanimous consent, and under a suspension of
the rules. The gentleman from Missouri {Mr.
Benton] yields the floor to the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] who submits the motion
that the further consideration of the bounty land bill
be postponed until to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Mr. CHASTAIN. And upon that I raise the
question of order. I wish to know if it is in order
for the enemies of the bill, by farming out the
floor, to defeat its passage?
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Geor-
gia.
Mr. CHASTAIN. I hope the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee, will be voted down:
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. Will the House
allow me to say one word before the question is
taken.
Mr. HENN. I rise to a question of order,
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania rises from
the main aisle.
The SPEAKER. But the gentleman rises
from a seat. If objected to, the seats will be
removed.
Mr. HENN. I want the gentlemen upon this
side of the House to have a fair chance.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman insists upon
it, the Chair will order the officers of the House to
remove the seats from the main aisle, and to keep
them out. The officers of the House will execute
the order, which is, that the chairs in the area be
removed, and not returned there.
Mr. COBB. What about these side seats?
The SPEAKER. That is another arrange-
ment.
[The officers of the House then proceeded to
execute the order, and the chairs in the area and
in the main aisle were removed.]
Mr. CHASTAIN. How is it with reference
to the fceats which are immediately in front of the
usual sea'ts of the Hall? I have been an outsider
for some time 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that, by
the unanimous consent of the House, as he under-
stands it, these seats were placed in the position
which they now occupy.
Mr. WALSH. The gentleman from Georgia
has been an outsider during the whole session.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. I believe a member
has the right to speak from any part of the Hall he
pleases. I understand the gentleman, from Mis-
souri has given way to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, to enable him to make a motion to post-
j pone the further consideration of this bill until
to-morrow morning. Is that so ?
The SPEAKER. That is the state of the ques-
tion.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. - Well, the House
has given me the right to say a few words before
that motion is taken.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to make a speech.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. When.this bill waa
brought up yesterday, the House will recollect
that I made a motion to strike out the proviso to
the first section of the bill, and that I called the
previous question upon it. _ The previous question
was not sustained. I desire to state that it was
my intention, if the vote had been taken upon the
amendment, to have followed it up by asking that
other amendments might be adopted. -
Now, I will, with the permission of the House,
point out what other amendments I desire should
be made. I am free to say that the thirteenth sec-
tion of this bill is such a one as I never could vote
for myself. I am perfectly astonished that such
a body as the Senate of the United States should
pass such a bill. It must have been passed through
inadvertence, fof 1 desire to cast no reflection upon
