996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
that body. I think the whole House will agree
that the thirteenth section ought to be stricken out.
I understand that the Commissioner of Pensions
has said that if the bill should pass with that sec-
tion attached to it, he can never carry it into effect;
that it is contradictory to the other parts of the
bill; that he would let it stand unexecuted until the
next session of Congress, and would then call upon
that Congress to pass an act explanatory of this
bill. 1 trust that section will be stricken out.
There is another section which, I think, does
not properly belong to the bill. The object of
the bill, in the first place, is bounty—that is, the
giving to the soldiers of the war of 1812 the same
bouniy land which was given to those engaged in
the Mexican war, but the seventh section of this
bill is upon another subject. Its object is to in-
crease tne invalid pensions, and I say it does not
properly belong to this bill. If the majority of
the House desire to have it stricken out, I have
no objection. If both sections mentioned be
stricken out, thj bill will then provide for bounty
lands, as it was originally intended to do. If the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Mis-
souri is adopted, and the bill be passed in that
form, it will repeal the bounty land act of 1850.
I understand, by hearing his amendment read,
that it requires six months' service before the
soldiers can be entitled to bounty land.
I hope the friends of this bill will not agree to
postpone its consideration for another hour. We
have already had a great deal of trouble to get the
bill before the House, and now that it is before it,
1 hope it will be retained there until it is disposed
of, one way or the other.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to inquire of the
Chair what the question is before the {louse?
The SPEAKER. The question is the motion
to postpone, until twelve o'clock to-morrow, the
further consideration of this bill,and all discussion
must be confined to the question of time alone.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will say that I hope iHs
not the pleasure of the House to postpone its con-
sideration another hour. I appeal to every gen-
tleman who is in favor of the general provisions
of this bill to vote against the proposition to post-
pone its consideration, and to meet the question
now, to go on and perfect the bill, and make it as
perfect as we can, ami then dispose of it before we
adjourn to-day. It has been once postponed. It
was postponed yesterday; and I have heard no
reason assigned to-day why it should be further
postponed. There has not been a bill before the
present Congress, which appeals so strongly to
the patriotism of every member upon this floor
as this very bill. There are enough friends to
pass it; and I hope we shall now perfect it, and
pass it If its friends think the bill is imperfect, let
them perfect it, and pass it. I appeal to gentle-
man upon both sides of the House to meet this
question now. If you postpone it until to-morrow,
the important appropriation bills from the Senate
may come to the House and demand considera-
tion, and throw this over still longer, at great
hazard of its being lost for want of time to act upon
it. I appeal to the House to go on with the sub-
ject now, and not postpone it. I beg gentlemen
not to permit the enemies of the bill to defeat it,
by carrying its postponement from day to day.
Mr. HliNN. 1 rise to a question of order. The
gentleman is not speaking to the question of time
when the bill shall be considered, and he is not,
therefore, in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. It is unnecessary for the
gentleman to call me to order, as 1 have made all
the remarks 1 desire to make at this time.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. Jf I under-
stand the feeling and views of the friends of this
bill, it will take but five or ten minutes to modify
the bill, so as to meet the approbation of its friends.
My colleague, [Mr. Richardson,] who has proved
himself the soldier's friend by something better
than talk, is now preparing a substitute for the
whole bill, which, 1 think, will meet the approba-
tion of the friends of the bill, and that is all we
want, and we can then pass the bill. There are
gentlemen here who are trying to postpone the
consideration of this bill, when they know that
important business, indispensable to be done, is
accumulating every hour, and which, if this bill
is postponed t will not only endanger its passage,
but other bills now before Congress. I hope we
Bhall pasa it now, and the sooner it is done the
better.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. 1 would inquire of
the Chair whether, at this time,-it is in. order to
move to submit an amendment to strikeout cer-
tain portions of the bill, with the permission of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benton:]
The SPEAKER. It is not now in order to
submit any motion in the nature of an amendment.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Middle-
swartii] has submitted an amendment to strike out
the proviso to the first section, and the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Benton] has a pending
amendment to that proviso. The Chair will now
hear the nature of the proposition of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. I wish to inquire
of the Chair whether it is in order now to submit
to the House a modification of the amendment 1
submitted yesterday, that is, to strike out the
proviso to the first section?
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order
until the motion to postpone is disposed of.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. I hope the friends,
of the bill will vote down the motion to postpone.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone, and, on a division, there were—ayes
GO, noes 86.
So the House refused to postpone the consider-
ation of the bill.
Mr. BENTON took the floor.
Mr. BPtlDGES. The gentleman will permit
me to say a single word before he commences his
remarks. I understand that my colleague from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Middleswakth] intends, at
the proper time, to move to strike out the thir-
teenth section, which, 1 believe, is objectionable
to the gentleman from Missouri. I would say to
I that gentleman—and it is proper that he should
| hear it—that, if the thirteenth scction be stricken
. out, and soldiers receive their allotments of land
under the bill as it will then stand, there will be
something like one billion three hundred and thirty
million acres of land left as the property of the
United States.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Speaker, I have no ob-
jection to the amendment proposed by the member
from Pennsylvania to the bill which he has in
charge. The bill needs amendment, God knows!
and all in the way he proposes, by striking out—
even to the last word of it. I will vote with him
for the amendment; and I make him a thousand
thanks in the name of the country for what he has
said this morning upon the floor of the House.
Did ever a legislative body receive such an admo-
nition against hasty, inconsiderate, headlong legis-
lation as that member gave to this House this
morning? Was there ever an instance so strik-
ing, and which ou ht to go to the heads and hearts
of men charged with the duty of national legisla-
tion, as that admonition ? I will not say what he
said with respect to the Senate who passed this
bill. Fie was right, but the rules will not let me
repeat his words—his heart was against the man-
ner in which he is proceeding—but the friends of
this measure felt called on yesterday to demand
the previous question. It was not the gentleman
from Pennsylvania—no, sir; his heart was against
that headlong step, against colling the previous
question on a bill of the magnitude of this one,
and that too when it had been unconsidered by
any of- the standing committees of this'House,
unconsidered by the House in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, when we had
been warned against it by that appalling report
made out on the spur of the occasion by the Com-
missioner of Pensions; but he was forced into it.
We all saw what was done—members tugging and
pulling at him, and urging him to call the question.
Appalling as that report is, I know that it does
not reach the amount of damage which this bill is
to do, not merely to the United States, but to the
old soldiers themselves. What does the member
say this morning? He gets up and moves to
strike out the very provisions which were to be
passed through under the screw and gag of the
previous question if it had not been for the struggle
which a smnll minority of us made.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. Will the distin-
guished ."entleman permit me to explain?
Mr. BEN 1'ON . Oerfamly, sir.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH, When I called for
the previous question, it was not my intention to
have it operate on the passage of the bill. I desired
to have a vote of the House on the amendment
which I had proposed, and on other amendments.
I did not want the previous question on the pas-
sage of the bill, for I was as much opposed to the
thirteenth section as any other member. I never
would vote for it.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Speaker, I accept all that
is said by the venerable and respectable member
from Pennsylvania. His heart is right. But
what have we got? What did he teh us this
morning ? He spoke from his feelings—his honest
feelings—when he expressed his- amazement that
such a bill as this could have come from the other
branch of the Legislature. He may have been
out of order in making that remark, but it was
honest sentiment, which is above all rules of order.
He expressed an honest sentiment, sir, in con-
demning the conduct of the Senate; and what is
the lesson which it reads the House? It reads
us this lesson: that our ancestors, the fathers of
this form of Government under whiah we live, in
providing two Houses of Congress, intended that
one should be a check upon the other—not a sin-
gle body,"like a French National Convention, in
which a proposition, no matter of what magnitude,
the larger the better, was passed by acclamation
the moment stated. We were not to be a single
body for legislation. We were to have two bodies,
and each body was to do its duty in examining
everything to be done. The body receiving a
measure from the other, takes it up as an original
proposition, uninfluenced by what took place in
the other body. The two Houses were to cheek,
and not to follow each other. In obedience to the
duty of this body, and under the rules of this
House, this measure was to go to one of the
standing committees, then to a Committee of the
Whole House, or to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; and in all these places
to bethoroughly examined. This is thecharacter
of our form of Government; these are the guards
which the wisdom and patriotism of our ancestors
provided, in order to prevent hasty, inconsiderate,
crude, rash, heedless legislation.
This bill was received from the Senate, and un-
der the press of the previous question was to be
put on its passage without having been considered
by any standing committee, or by the Committee
of the Whole, or discussed by the House. If it
had passed as it was then intended it should pass,
what a bill we should have had, in the words of
the member himself? What a dreadful thing we
should have had yesterday, according to his*own
account of it this morning? We "should have
passed a bill upon a blind rush, the enormity of
which astounds him at the conduct of the Senate
in passing it.
But, sir, what has one night produced? "What
has been discovered? What has been developed
by him this morning? It stands for a lesson, a
warning, a caution. It is an admonition which I
hope and trust may not be lost to this House.- It
is an admonition which should make us pause
and think—make us send this bill to a standing
committee of this House—to the Committee on
Public Lands, for examination into it under all its
aspects; the classes it will embrace; the land it will
take; the frauds it will breed; the plunder it will
make, both of the " old soldiers " and the young
Government. Itshould be put through every form
which legislation prescribes or permits. Let the
Public Land Committee examine into it, and then
let them come forward and give us the results of
their investigations.
Mr. Chairman, we are here two hundred and
thirty-four members. Every one is precisely equal
to the other, in station and privilege. It is not for
one member to rise in his place and say, " I am
satisfied with the bill. I cull the previous ques-
tion. Pass it." Every member has the ri°-ht to
examine it for himself. Sir, it is not competent
for the friends of a bill here, to whisper together
here, or commune together elsewhere, and then
say they are satisfied with a bill, and they will
passu. It is defeating the object for which the
House was created. This House was created for
consideration. Every member of the House—
those against it as well as those for it—have the
right to be sat.sfied also. Those opposed to a
measure have a right to think and to know—to
learn what they are about—as well as its friends.
Kules were made to secure those rights, and it is
an abuse of rules to deprive the opposition of those
rights. 1 hope a proposition I propose to make
before I sit down will succeed, and that one of the
standing committees of this House—the Commit-
