1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tee on Public Lands—will have this bill referred
to them.
Sir, the report made by the Commissioner of
Public Lands is perfectly appalling; but it is not
up to the mark. I am, perhaps,older than he is,
arid have seen more of the working of this class
of bills; and have studied this one. I cannot
assent to his estimate—his inadequate estimate—
that this bill will involve only near two hundred
millions of acres of the publit lands. His numbers
are large, but limited, and no man can assign limits
to this depredation; no one can assign the limit
at which this bill will stop its ravages—the limit
either in point of time or quantity. I cannot
estimate the number of ' cases—instances—of
volunteer citizens who have turned out upon an
alarm, sometimes well founded and sometimes
without foundation; who turned out and sought
the danger, never thinking of receiving pay for it;
who turned out for their country and for their own
homes. Many of them were absent from their
homes for some days or weeks; many of them not
engaged in any active service at all, only going
towards the seat of alarm and coming back, and
long enough going and returning to make the four-
teen days' campaign which this bill puts on a
level with a three years' or five years' actual ser-
vice.
Sir, those extemporaneous men turned out in
defense of their homes and country, without any
expectation of receiving lands or pensions of the
Government for their few days patriotic excursion,
hardly thinking of pay, most of them. Yet four-
teen days riding .backwards and forwards, and
that forty years after the time, they are to get one
hundred and sixty acres of land. No ! They are
not to get it. But of that hereafter.
Sir, there are no assignable limits to the opera-
tion of this bill, either in time or land.
Mr. Chairman, let me call the attention of the
House to some facts which it will only be neces-
sary for the House to hear—to be made to think
of—only made to remember—in order to enable
them to begin to form conceptions of the effect of
the passage of this bill.. Take as an exanjple the
case of the military bounty land warrants which
were granted by the State of Virginia in 1784, to
her soldiers who were engaged in Ihe Continental
service. See how that case worked, and is work-
ing; for it i« still going on. To furnish the land
believed by those who knew how many served—
who we' e contemporaries with the service—it was
estimated at more than sufficient to satisfy these
land warrants, a strip of lend between the Sciota
and Little Miami rivers. And, sir, what was the
number of these continentals? In other words,
what was the population of Virginia then? Not
more than one third what it is now. And how long
has it taken to settle up the claims for warrants
under the Virginia bounty land act of 1784? Sev-
enty years! Yes, seventy years! and not done
yet. Upwards of two generations have passed in
efforts to satisfy those claims, no satisfaction yet
—not through yet—constant paying, but never
finishing.
During a long service in the Senate, I have wit-
nessed the repeated efforts that have been made to
bring them to a close. We have tried upon time,
and tried upon quantities; but in vain. We have
Erovitled, about every two years, that they should
e closed up within two years. Failing on time,
we tried quantities. We asked how much would
do?—got the answer—gave all that was demanded—
only to be succeeded by new and larger "demands.
Effort after effort has been made, without getting
to the end. The claims propagate and multiply.
Contrary to the laws of animal gestation, the older
they get the more prolifically they breed. I re-
peat, lhat seventy years have gone by in satisfy-
ing claims for Virginia bounty, when her popula-
tion was less than one third what it is now. And
not done yet. Time works on with them, and
space expands for them also. Those lands be-
tween the Sciota and the Little Miami were soon
exhausted, (though deemed more than enough by
those who were contemporary, and the overplus
ordered to revert,) and these warrant holders were
permitted to cross the rivers into the State of Ohio—
and then cross over from Ohio into Indiana—then
into Illinois—into all the Northwest Territory that
Virginia ever granted—and since have been per-
mitted to leap the Mississippi—that boundary of
the Union when they were granted, and spread
over the new and vast acquisition of Louisiana.
And where now? Crossing the Rocky mount-
ains—ready to descend the western slope of the
continent, and reach the Pacific ocean—to take
those lands which Mexico granted to her citizens
when California was hers, and which this Federal
Government confiscates under the forms of preda-
tory legislation—more cruel than the confiscations
of Antony and Csesar, when the old farmers
were ordered to depart—veteres coloni migrate—that
the victors of Pharsalia and Pnillippi might take
their fields, and orchards, and houses; more cruel,
because more expensive, and mocked with the
forms of legislation.
These claimants are ready, as soon as offered
at public sale, to seize these confiscated lands and
appropriate them. No! not they. Not the old
claimants—not the meritorious men of the Vir-
giniaiine—buta brood whoknow not war, except
by its spoils—know not the Revolution, except by
the chance it gives them to pillage, and plunder,
and depredate, in their names. Claims agents,
and speculators, are the beneficiaries of this boun-
teoui legislation for " old soldiers." Think of these
things, men intrusted with the responsible duty of
legislation! Think of them ! Take a slate and
pencil and set yourselves a sum in the double rule
of three, and say, if these few Virginia claims have
taken seventy years to satisfy them, and are still
unsatisfied, how many times seventy years will
it take to settle these proposed claims, embracing
a population of twenty-five millions scattered all
over the Union, and going back to the war of the
Revolution ? How many years would this boun-
teous dispensation require? Four hundred and
twenty ! for the population of the Union is sixty
times th«,t of Virginia seventy years ago. There
is not land enough in our America, to satisfy the
endless claims to be bred under this bill. We
shall have to make new annex*tions, and perhaps
| to advertise for another Columbus, to come and
I discover a new continent to enable us to meet
| these demands. Sir, I make the prophecy now,
and I want it to go down to posterity, that if this
bill passes, future Congresses will see people com-
ing here in endless streams, and countless num-
bers, and getting new laws—though God knows
this is wide enough—until our lands are exhausted
—all gone—and complain against this Congress
for having cheated them! having acknowledged
that they owed them lands, and then giving them
a false title—given them warrants for land, when
they had no land to satisfy them ! They will come
here and claim damages for spoliations—for the
value of the land promised them, and interest, and
get many "five miHiom" out of the Treasury—
the more demanded, the easier got. because, the
dividends are greater. These things are possible,
and probable—nay, provable, by what has been
done; and the possibility of them requires us to
stop, and consider what we arc about.
Mr. Speaker, I have arrivsd at thst n e, and at
that state of feeling—particularly on this day—
(alluding to the invaluable losses in his house, still
smoking in view of the Capitol) which would
render it impossible for me to rise and speak here,
except under an inexorable sense of duty. Noth-
ing but an overpowering sense of what 1 owe
to my fellow-members, and to the country, could
make me stand up here and speak to the House.
But I am here. It is my post; it is my place. 1
left my post yesterday to witness an irreparable
calamity—i do not speak of wood and bricks. 1
come to my post this morning to discharge my
duty to my country, painful as it is to me to mix
in public business. But it is the duty of my po-
sition, and 1 will not flinch. It is said that this
is a bill for the benefit of " old soldiers." Let us
see how that is. I know thes e " old soldiers." I
have served with them, and commanded them,
and, for a great number of years after the war of
1812, I was accustomed to present their petitions
for bounty land to Congress. And what was the
answer always given' I say their petitions! not
those who pillage m their name. Why, sir, mem-
bers stood up and said that we had voted them
eight millions of acres of land at onetime—two mil-
lions each in four different Territories at one time—
and other lands afterwards; that they had all re-
ceived land and pay, but that they had been cheated
out of their land by speculators; and that it will
be impossible tn stand guardian over them.
Mr. M1LLSON, (interrupting.) I dislike very
much to interrupt the distinguished gentleman
from Missouri, but I desire to make a brief explan-
ation respecting an error into which the gentleman
has inadvertently fallen—certainly not intention-
ally—in regard to the Virginia bounty, lands. 1
understood the gentleman from Missouri to say
that those land claims, though now severity ypars
old, has not yet been satisfied, and that the claim-
ants were seeking, not merely to locate their war-
rants within the districts heretofore reserved, but
even on the distant shores of the Pacific. I desire
to remind the gentleman of what I think justice
to the claimants of Virginia requires tfiat I should
mention, and it is this: there are now very few
claims upon the continental establishment remain-
ing unsatisfied. Nearly all the claims for which
the Congress of the United States has made pro-
vision from time to time, are claims for services in
the State line. The delay in adjusting those
claims I beg leave to explain to tlie gentleman,
that he may have an opportunity' to correct the
error into which I am sure he has unintentionally
fallen. At the time the cession of territory was
made by Virginia, with the reservation of the
right to satisfy the claims of the soldiers of the
continental and State establishment, the State of
Kentucky was a part of Virginia. Jt was in the
State of Kentucky that lands were reserved for.
the payment of the officers and soldiers of the
State line. But in the year 1792, immediately
after the admission into the'Union of the State of
Kentucky, that State, in consequence of Indian
troubles occurring there,-because of the surveys
of the land, passed an act prohibiting surveys,
and no surveys could be made for the purpose of
setting apart lands for the payment of the State
line of Virginia, until the extinguishment of the
Indian titles. Those titles were not extinguished
until 1818; nor was it competent for any soldier
of that line to locate a single warrant upon the
reserved portion of the Kentucky lands until the
year 1818, when the Indian title was extinguished.
After the extinguishment of the Indian titles, the
State of Kentucky passed a law prohibiting any of
these warrants from bfcing located within her limits,
and a long controversy ensued between the States
of Virginia and Kentucky, during which commis-
sioners were sent by the respective Legislatures
of those States. That controversy was only term-
inated by the compulsory withdrawal of the right
of the State of Virginia to demand the enforce-
ment of the original stipulation of the grant of the
territory. And in that way, sir, those who claimed
the right to locate lands in the State of Kentucky
were obliged to come to Congress for the satisfac-
tion of their claims.
Mr. BENTON, I accept the gentleman's cor-
rections; for I really included what he says in my
mind and calculations, though not in the words.
When J stated that some of these claims would be
located on the shores of the Pacific ocean, I stated
it with a qualification—with the qualification that
they might be so located after the public sales, and
that by laws now existing—so located under the
act of 1852, by which th'e holders of these warrants
may locate their lands without limitation of space,
and with a subdivision of the warrants down to
forty acres, so as to enable them to go and pick
out the eyes of the land, the springs, the groves,
the valleys, mountain passes, leaving rocks and
deserts, cutting off the fat, leaving the bones and
thelean for the Government to sell. Idonotdesire
to make any invidious allusions or comparisons
between States. I take the Virginia case because
it is prominent on our statute-book, seventy years'
legislation to satisfy them, and yet unsatisfied.
I intended to include all theVirgima revolutionary
land claimants; and, therefore, took her whole
white population seventy years ago, as a basis of
my calculations, as the data for my sum to be
worked out in the double rule of three.
Thegentleman admits that forty-four acts—which
he calls only—were passed for this purpose; also,
that no persons who received or were entitled to
receive bounty lands under any one of these forty-
four acts passed by Congress should be entitled to
any benefit from this act. That is right. It i3
what my amendment aims at. He admits, also,
that after forty-four acts passed for this purpose
there are some claims outstanding. That is right,
no doubt, again; and is more than I said; and I
thank him for telling it. I was going on the as-
sumption that at last, at the end of seventy years,
we were done; but he says there are a " few "—
that is precisely the word—I have heard it too
often not to recognize it as an old familiar word—
