1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m9
sixty acres of land, under the present regulations
of the land office, would sell for $200. If you
would confer, then, a real and Substantial good
upon the soldier, let the Government keep the land
and grant him §150 or $200, instead of the war-
rant. By such an arrangement you benefit the
soldier without injury to the Government, and
save the labor of the country from the burdens of
wild and sweeping land speculators.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH, (interrupting.) I
desire to know whether the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is in order in discussing the bill when a
motion is pending to commit to the Committee on
Public Lands? -
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania^ in order.
Mr. GROW. I will not take the time of the
House but a few minutes longer, nor would I have
said a word, on account of exceeding hoarseness,
resulting from a severe cold, but for the reason 
Mr. HENN, (interrupting.) I wish to call the
attention of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
just at this point, to an amendment which I pro-
pose to offer. It covers the very ground which
the gentleman's remarks allude to.
Mr. GROW. No amendment is in order now,
as the gentleman is probably aware, but I will
hear it.
Mr. HENN. I will send it to the Clerk's desk
to be read, and he will see that it covers the point.
I think it is a very important amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Henn was read, as fol-
lows:
That every such non-commissioned officer, musician, and
private, seaman, ordinary seaman, marine, clerk, and lands-
man, in the Navy, who may be entitled, under the provis-
ions-of this act, to receive a certificate or warrant for one
hundred and sixty aeres of land, or any less legal subdi-
vision of the public lands, shall be allowed the option to
receive in lieu of such certificate, or wan ant, a Treasury
scrip for $'100, jirid so in proportion for any quantity of land
to which such officer, non-commissioned officer, musician,
and private, seaman, ordinary seaman, marine, clerk, and
landsman, may be entitled, and such scrip, whenever it is
prefeired, shall be issued by the Secretary of the Treasury
to such person or persons as would be authorized to re-
ceive such certificates or warrants for lands ; said scrip to
hear an interest of six per cent, per annum, payable semi-
annually,-redeemable at the pleasure of the Government.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Chairman, I yielded to my
friend from Iowa in order that he might have his
amendment read for the information of the House.
As the gentleman suggested, the amendment meets
my ideas of what Congress should do in reference
to this matter,and that is to appropriate the money
directly to the soldier, so that, on proof of service,
he can draw it directly from the Treasury of the
United States, and not compel him to sacrifice what
you give under the plea of a bounty, or to seek a
home amid strangers in a far distant region.
And in closing my remarks, I protest against
this traffic by claim agents and land speculators in
the patriotism of the country. While the public
lands have become a fund to be scrambled for by
all sorts of combinations, these men seek to absorb
them by a law passed in the name and behalf of
the " old soldiers." The penury and wounds of
scarred veterans are pressed into their service, and
the sympathy and gratitude of the country is to
minister to their advantage. And, sir, unless this
bill be so amended as to prevent this enormous
land speculation and to secure to the soldiers the
bounty that we profess to give, I shall vote against
it.
Mr. ORR obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. DISNEY. Mr. Speaker, I send up to the
Cleric to be read for the information of the House
an amendment which I propose to offer to the bill
if I can get an opportunity to do so.
The Clerk read the proposed amendment, as fol-
iows:
But provided that the benefits of this act shall not be ex-
tended to any pel son who served m the nnlitia that refused
to cross the river to save the gallant troops who were cap-
tured at C4ueeristown m the war of 1812.
Mr. DISNEY. Mr. Speaker, I am not now
at liberty to go into a full discussion of the pro-
priety of the amendment, I will merely refresh
the memory-of members with the facts of'tlie case.
On the occasion when the American army under
General Scott was shot down, and the remnant
ultimately captured, atdueenstown, if those who
are now here clamoring for public land, and who
were on the opposite shore at that time, and .re-
fused on some alleged constitutional ground—if
one third of them had gone over, the tide of battle
would have been turned. I suggest this amend-
ment as illustrative of a series of amendments
which I should like to offer to this bill.
Mr. GOBB. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, I shall send up to
the Clerk, to be read for the information of the
House, an amendment which was considered by
the Committee on Public Lands at the last and„at
the present session, and approved by it. It will
make the law of 1850 conform to this bill.
The Clerk read the proposed amendment, as
follows:
Provided, That when any commissioned or non com-
missioned officer, musician, or private, to whom bounty
land is promised by the act of September 28, 1850, or the
act ofMarch 22, 1852, shall make, or shall have made, ap-
plication therefor, and shall die, or shall have died before
the issue of his warrant, wniiout leaving a widow or a
minor child, a warrant in such case may issue to, and vest
in, his heir-at law, upon proof of identity and heirship.
Sec. 3. .find be it further enacted, That the children of
a deceased officer or soldier, who were minors on the day
of the passage of said acts, respectively, may receive the
warrants promised them by said acts, although they may
have since attained the age of twenty-one years: Provided,
That a warrant for the identical service for which the claim
is made has not already issued to some person entitled to
receive the same.
Mr. FAULKNER. With the permission of
the gentleman from South Carolina, I send up to
the Clerk's table, to be read for the information of
the House, a bill which the Committee on Military
Affairs instructed me to report on this subject.,
The Clerk read the bill, as follows:
An act in addition to certain acts granting bounty land to
certain officers and soldiers who have been engaged in
the military service of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of ike United States of America in Congress assembled,
That each of the surviving commissioned and non-com-
missioned officers, musicians, and privates, whether regu-
lars, volunteers, rangers, or militia, who were regularly
mustered into the service of the United States, in the war
of 1813, with Gieat Britain, shall be entitled to receive a
certificate or warrant from the Department of the Interior
for one hundred and sixly acres of land, or where any of
those who have'so served shall have received a certificate
or warrant, he shall bo entitled to a certificate or warrant
for such quantity of land as will make, m the whole, with
what he may have heretofore received, one hundred and
sixly acres to each such person having served as aforesaid.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That m case of the
death of any person who, if living, would be entitled to a
certificate or warrant as aforesaid under Ihis act, leaving a
widow, or, if no widow, a child ol children, such widow,
or if no widow, such child or children, shall be entitled to
receive a certificate or warrant for the same quantity of
land that such deceased person would be entitled to receive
under the piovisions of this act if now living: Provided,
That a subsequent marriage shall not impair the right of any
such widow to such warrant if she be a widow at the time
of making her application, and at the date of such war-
rant: Jlnd provided further, That no member of the present
Congress, nor any descendant of such member, shall be
entitled to the benefit of this act.
Sec. 3. Jlnd it be further cnacted, That said certificates
or warrants may be assigned, transferred, and located by
the warrantees, or their heirs-at-lavv, according to the pro-
visions of existing laws regulating the assignment, transfer,
and location of bounty-land warrants.
Mr. ORR. I desire to inquire of the Chair how
many amendments are now pending in order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Middleswartb] moved to strike
out one of the sections of the bill. The gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Benton] moved to amend
the proviso to the first section of the bill.
Mr. ORR. Then there is an amendment to an
amendment pending?
The SPEAKER. There is; and no other
amendment is now in order. . *
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And there is also
pending a motion to commit the bill.
The SPEAKER. There is.
Mr. ORR. I understand that no amendment
would be in order, even if the motion to commit
were withdrawn. If the call for the previous
question should be seconded—and I believe that 1
propounded the same question to the Chair yes-
terday, but it seems, although I understood the
Chair very distinctly, that bis answer was not
understood by a portion of the House—if the pre-
vious question should be now sustained on the bill
and amendments, will not the House be brought
to vote first on the amendments and then upon
the third reading of the bill? '
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. ORR. And of course there can be no
amendment offered after the previous question has
been seconded and the mam question has been
ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. None whatever.
Mr.ORR. (twill not be in order, then, to move
to strike out the thirteenth section of the bill?
The SPEAKER. It will not be in order. . .
Mr. ORR. It would not be in order even if the
motion to commit were withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. It would not.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
South Carolina will permit me to interrupt him
for a moment. If the gentleman from Missouri
will withdraw his motion to commit the bill, I win
submit a substitute for the bill now under consid-
eration—a substitute which will be the same aa
the original bill with the exception of the omission
of the seventh and thirteenth sections.
Mr. ORR. I do not understand how the gen-
tleman's proposition can be introduced in order
unless as a substitute. There is an amendment to
an amendment pending to the original bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is a substitute which
I propose offering.
Mr. ORR. Then the House-will be brought
to vote between the original bill and amendments
and the substitute. Now, Mr. Speaker, it is per-
fectly apparent that the Senate bill should be
amended. I believe that is the opinion of every
member of the House. It is perfectly apparent-
that we cannot make'these amendments in the
House. It is, therefore, manifest that it is neces-
sary to send this bill—a motion for which-purpose
has been made by the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Benton]—to the Committeeon Public Lands,
that it may be considered and amended, or to the
Committee oftheWholeon the state of the U nion,
where it can be perfected by amendments offered
by any gentleman who desires to put it in less
objectionable form.
I recollect, Mr. Speaker, in the region of coun-
try where I reside, some years ago there arose a
controversy between learned naturalists as to the
existence and habits of a certain curious animal
that was upon exhibition there, which was called
by the bills a mermaid. Many naturalists, greatly
learned in natural history, insisted that there was
such an animal as a mermaid, and others main-
tained that there was no such animal, and that its
existence was to be found nowhere save in the
fertile brains^of imaginative poets. The contro-
versy waxed warm, and after much time had been
consumed in examining this animal, and specu-
lating upon its habits and peculiarities each party
retired from the contest fully persuaded that their
views were correct. The dispute was adjourned
without settling the question. Recently the auto-
biography of Barnum settles the question, by his
admission that the mermaid was manufactured by
uniting the head of a monkey and the tail of a
fish.
Now, sir, the bill which we have before us is,
in many respects, emphatically a mermaid. It
embraces materials belonging to both land and sea.
The first section provides that any person who has
been mustered into the service of the United States,
and shall have continued in the service for four-
teen days—officers, privates, musicians, whether
regulars, rangers, or militia, and all seamen, ordi-
nary seamen, marines, clerks, and landsmen—■
shall be entitled to the benefits of the bill. And
the final section provides that " each of the sur-
viving officers and privates who, in any of the
wars in which this country has been engaged, per-
formed military service against the public enemy,
though not regularly called or mustered into the service
of theXJmUd Stales, and the widows and children of
such officers and privates as are dead, shall be en-
titled to all the benefits of the first and second sec-
tions of this act."
Now, sir, the title of the Senate bill does not
truly describe the objects of the bill. It is " An act
in addition to certain acts granting bounty land to
certain officers and soldiers who have been engaged
in the military service of the United States."
But if you will look a little further on, you will
find thatit makes provision, in the seventh section,
for increasing the pensions of all persons upon the
roll of invalid pensions—if officers, twenty-one per
centum, and non-commissioned officers and pri-
vates forty-two per centum. The eighth section
extends the same land bounties to Indians as to
whites; and the thirteenth section, which I haye
just quoted, embraces everyone not included in
the first and second sections, and gives the ad-
vantage to such as were never called into service
by the United States, by allowing the latter class
one hundred and sixty acres of land, if they were
in service a single day; whereas those provided
for in the first, and second sections, and who were
