1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
outside of this Hall, or from the mere opinion of
gentlemen within this Hall as to how many of the
soldiers who have been heretofore engaged in the
service of their country have died.
The basis of my calculation, sir,is the estimate
from the Department of the Interior. Now, for
the purpose—if my calculation is right—of secur-
ing to the old soklieis a dotation amounting to
$30,060,000 you give away public property—(he
public lands—amounting in valueto §187,000,000.
But that is not the worst of it, Mr. Speaker. As-
suming that the soldiers themselves will get fifty
cents per acre, how is this bill to result, suppose
you pass it? What would be its operation ? Why
the land will pass from'ihe control and custody of
the Government. If it were to go into the hands
of actual settlers who desired to cultivate it, I
should not object to it. If it were to place it in a
condition so that those who mightdesire in ten, or
fifteen, or twenty years hence to make settlements
could effect a fair' purchase of it at fair prices, I
should not be so much opposed to it. But the
effect of it will be to place these land warrants in
the hands of capitalists who are able to purchase
them, and who will locate them on public lands,
and hold them until their enhanced value induces
them to sell at large profits. 1 do not know how
much ofthe publicdomain this bill will enablethem
to take up—perhaps one half of all the lands sur-
veyed at the present day. And your settlers will
be compelled, in five or ten years hence, not to
come to the Government, which would have, per-
haps, graduated these lands according to the neces-
sities of the country, and the lenyth of time they
were in the market, but they will becompelled to go
to the speculator, to the capitalist, who will have
been enabled to make his investment in the land,
and to retain it there, and pay him his price for
it, bringing him his ten or fifteen percent, interest.
You transfer, as I say, the custody and control
of this Government over the publicdomain to the
speculators. Will these speculators deal mtjre
tenderly, sir, with your citizens than this Govern-
ment would deal with them ? Will your citizens
get homesteads from speculators at less price
than they will get them from the Government?
It is the policy, I think, of the Government, to
have every one of its citizens a landholder, if
possible. The possession of land will attach
them more to the country, and be one of the very
strongest and most powerful stimulants to indus-
try, virtue, refinement, and general intelligence.
Why, sir, if there be anything in this country
■which we ought to try to guard against, now
when we have the power to do it, it is to prevent
a great land monopoly which will be created if we
go on and pass this bill, and other bills of the
same character and purpose. That is to be the
result of it, sir; you are to have a great land mo-
nopoly here; and if those who hereafter, may de-
sire to effect the purchase of land, have not the
ability to pay the enhanced price laid upon it,
they may becQme the serfs or tenants of capitalists
and land jobbers.
If the thirteenth section of this bill, however,
should be stricken out, it would greatly reduce the i
quantity of land donated—the precise sum I shall j
not venture to state—leaving still an enormous
amount that must go into the hands of those who
do not till the soil, and who never served the
country in any cf its wars.
But another objection to this bill is, that it com-
mits a serious wrong and injury on the new States
which have not yet been settled up. It inflicts a
serious injury on your Territories; for, instead of
the lands (ailing into the control and possession of
actual settlers, they will, as I have tried to prove,
fall into the hands and possession of speculators,
and your citizens will be practically precluded
from going there for the purpose of making a
settlement, unless they consent to pay whatever
profits may be demanded of them. And I think,
sir, while we are dispensing bounties to the old
soldiers, that we ought to have some regard for
the just rights and interests of your new Terri-
tories and the new land States.
There seems to be a desire manifested by the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] to
amend this bill. Other gentlemen have manifested
a like desire. I do not perceive how the bill can
be amended in the House. I think it ought to be
sent to a committee; it ought to be scrutinized by
that committee. All these incoherent matters,
which, have been thrown here together, should be
analyzed; and that which is not properly in the
bill should be taken out. There should be a sep-
aration. Let the bill go to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. Let that committee report it back.
They have the floor, and may report it back at
this session; but, if they cannot do so, it is of
more consequence that this bill should be passed
in a perfect siate than that it should be precipi-
tated through with all its incoherencies and incon-
sistencies.
Besides, these old soldiers, about whom so much
has been said, and on whose credit the bill is to
be passed ,jf passed at all; these old soldiers whom
it is proposed to benefit by it; these soldiers who
were engaged in the war of 1819, in the Florida
war, and in all the Indian wars since 1790, have
they not already received bounty lands in propor-
tion to their service? It is proposed now to place
the men who went out and served fourteen days,
or one day, if the thirteenth section is retained
in the bill, on exactly the same footing on which
you place a soldier who served for one, or two,
or five years. Isthatjust? Isitright? If the
donation is predicated on services rendered, may
not the one cr five years' soldier justly complain
when you give the fourteen days' soldier an equal
quantity of land, one hundred and sixty acres
to all ?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER and Mr. RICHARD-
SON each appealed to Mr. Orr to yield the floor
for a question.
Mr. ORR. I yield to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. As to this part of the
gentleman's speech I trust the House will allow
me to make a single remark. Almost every mem-
ber in opposition to the bill has indicated a wish
to cut out the thirteenth section of the bill. Even
the gentleman who has the bill in charge has in-
dicated his opinion that this section should be
stricken out. I supply wish to remark, that this
section of the bill covers the claims of some of the
most gallant men, and some of those who per-
formed the most signal service in the defense of
their country. 1 wish merely to call attention to
the fact that it covers the case of a large majority
of the gallant men who fought the battle of King's
Mountain, and who beat the British and Tory
forces in North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia,
and southwestern Virginia; and that it also covers
the case of the gallant men who fought in the
battle of Nickojack, one of the most signal events
in the history of the early times of this country.
These men are covered under the thirteenth section
of the bill. They were never regularly m the
service. They were men who snatched up their
muskets at the call of patriotism, and rushed to
the standard of their country, performing services
which will live in the annals of our revolutionary
and Indian wars so long as the history of our Gov-
ernment is known. These men never received one
red cent. And, sir, if an opportunity be given to
me I will move to amend the thirteenth section by
striking out the general languageof it,and making
it read thus:
That each of the surviving: officers and privates who, in
the battles ol King';) Mountain and Nickojack, were actually
engaged iei baltlc against the public enemy, tliouah not rejr-
u'arly called or mustered into the setvice of,the United
Stairs, and the widows and children of such officers and
privates as arc dead, shall bs entitled to all the benefits of
the first and second sections of this act.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman
from South Carolina permit me to ask him a ques-
tion connected with the argument he is now sub-
mitting?
Mr. ORR. Make it short,
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman says he
is in favor of allowing land to these soldiers in
proportion to their services.
Mr. ORR. 1 have not finished my argument
upon that point.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That is what the gen-
tleman was aiming at. I call the attention of the
gentleman to this fact. The soldiers who served
in the war of 1812, m the Indian wars, and in the
war with Mexico, get for their services one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land, and it does not matter
to what extent the service has been rendered. If
there is reason in this provision, why not extend
these acts so as to give this bounty land to those
who have served in different wars?
Mr. ORR. I will answer the gentleman. The
law which the gentleman quotes results from the
decision, of the Department upon the act of 1850,
except as to the Mexican war. I never believed
that the decision was correct; and if correct, that-
the law was just and prosper. If the gentleman
from Illinois will introduce a bill here providmg-
to give every soldier bounty land, forty, eighty-,
or one hundred and sixty acres otf" land propor-
tion for each of the diffprenttours of service which"
he has performed, I will vote for it with a great
deal of cheerfulness.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I could not vote for it,
because I am interested in the passage of such a
bill, having served in two wars.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman from Illinois, does
himself injustice in supposing that any imputation
or insinuation could be made against his char-
acter, although he may have a slight interest in
the passage of such a bill. He stands too high in
the estimation of thecountry for him to suffer by
introducing any such an act, especially such as
do justice to his old associates and companions in
arms. These soldiers have received forty, eighty,
and one hundred and sixty acres of land. I was
a member of Congress here, in 1850, when the
bounty land bill passed. I voted for it cheerfully,
because I thoughtthat they were entitled to it, and
I thought that the amount proposed to be given to
them, was graduated upon something like correct
principles—forty acres to those who had served
not more than three months; eighty acres to those
who have served as much as four months; and one
hundred and sixty acres to those who have served
as much as nine months or more. I would have
been willing to have extended the law to those
who served for more than twelve months, and to
have increased the amount proposed to be given
to them, because justice required it. And, sir,
such of our fellow-citizens as'have served in more
than one war, I would cheerfully vote to give them
lands for each tour, the amount being graduated
by the length of the service not restricting the
whole amount to one hundred and sixty acres as
is now done by the construction of the Depart-
ment.
If the gentleman desires to modify the bounty
land law so as to render justice to the soldier who
has performed various tours of service at different
times, he will find no more ardent advocate of the
passage of such a bill than myself. But I protest,
in the name of these- soldiers who have served six
and twelve months, against the man who has served
but one day, being entitled, at the hands of the
Government, to an equal donation with them. It
is inequitable and unjust. But there are so many
provisions in this bill that are objectionable, that
I think it ought to becommitted to the Committee
on Public Lands, the committee who originally
reported the bounty land bill to this House- Let
them consider it, and if there is not time during
this Congress to pass it, turn it over to the next
Congress. These soldiers have waited now for
forty-five years or more—they have, in the mean
time, already received lands for their services, arid
upon the question whether any more is due if it
should be postponed another year—for want of
time toconsider—it will not entail much additional
p wrong upon them to wait one short year more,
which will soon roll ajound. Then the subject'
can betaken up, carefully examined, matured, and
passed upon according to its merits. I hope,
therefore, that the bill will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee, oppose1! the
reference of the bill to the Committee on Public
Lands. He suspected that such a disposition of
it was intended to consign it to "the tomti of the
Capulets." He was surprised at the argument
advanced by gentlemen against the bill, that the
old soldiers would be compelled to sell their titles
to the land .to speculators to enable them to Sup-
port their wives and children. If the old soldiers
are entitled to this lan<J,the manner in which they
are to dispose of it is no business of ours. If a
man made him a present of $100, he hod no right
to tell him how to spend it. If the bill required
upwards of one hundred and fifty millions of acres
of land, it was an additional reason why it should
be passed. He hoped that every acre of the public
domain would be taken up by the old soldiers.
This vexed land question would then be sealed,
and the Government of the United States would be
released from this system of fraud and coirupiion.
Mr. CAMPBELL obtained the fl.ior.
Mr. DISN E Y. I hope the gentleman will move
the prerious question.
