THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28^
Mr. CAMPBELL. If there was. any indi-
cation th^t it was the purpose upon the part of
gentlemen upon this floor to discuss the merits of
this bill m detail, I should not make the motion I
am about to submit. But there seems to be no
such purpose. The close of our session is draw-
ing near. There is but little time to glorify the old
soldiers in Fourth of July orations.
Sir, it is not necessary that I should testify the
devotion of my feelings to those who have served
our country. I happen to be so identified with
that class of our citizens as to render it unneces-
sary. But, sir, I wish to economise the little time
we have left of the present session; and without
embarking in the discussion of the general merits
of the bill, I will simply say for myself, that I
voted on yesterday in the affirmative upon the
motion to lay the bill upon the table, when the
effort was being made to press the previous ques-
tion upon the bill, under the operation of which
there was great danger of carrying the bill to its
final passage in the outrageous form in which it
came from the Senate.
That is the explanation 1 have to make, so far
as my own course is concerned. I regard this bill,
as it came from the Senate, as nothing more nor
less than a proposition to transfer the land depart-
ment of the Federal Government, and to open the
public domain to speculators in lands merely, and
not to do anything for the benefit of the war-worn
veteran.
But the programme has been changed this morn-
ing, I understand. 1 shall wait, therefore, until!
understand what is the temper of the House in
relation to the amendments that are proposed to
the bill. I am anxious that the bill shall be so
amended by the House, as to do justice to the
war-worn veteran without opening the public
domain for the plunder of every speculator who
may clioose to avail himself of it. If the House
so amends Hie bill as to accomplish this object, I
shall give it my support, but not otherwise.
Mr. Speaker, the purpose I had in seeking the
floor was to make a motion that should bring the
House to some specific action upon this subject,
in order that the House may havean opportunity
of conlidering other public business. 1 move the
previous question.
Mr. HAMILTON. I desire toaslt the Speaker
a question, that the House may act understand-
inglyupon the subject. I wish to know if the
amendments which the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Middles waktii] proposed to the bill are
before the House?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee, in the chair.) The Chair will state
the question before the House. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Middleswarth] moved
to strike out the last paragraph of the first section
of the bill. The gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
BektonJ moved to amend the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania by inserting a pro-
viso offered by him in lieu of that proposed to be
stricken out. The gentleman from Missouri then
moved to commit the bill to the Committee on
Public Lands, which latter motion is the first upon
which the House are to act.
Mr. HAMILTON. Then the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to strike out the
eeventh and the thirteenth sections of the bill is
not in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not. The
Chair, however, is reminded that there is also a
motion pending to commit the bill to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, which
is entered upon the Journal, and which was made
by the present, occupant of the chair.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. I hope the gentle-
man from Ohio will withdraw the demand for the
previous question until I can get the motion which
I have indicated before the House.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to n question of order.
The previous question having been demanded,
I hold that no debate ts in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Georgia is conect. No debate is in order.
Mr. HENN. Would it be in order to move to
refer the bill to a select committee?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It would not, for
the itason that the previous question has been
demanded.
Mr. riDNN. But the Chair held that it was
in order to move to refer it to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That motion was
made before the previous question was demanded.
Mr. HENN._ I ask thq gentleman from Ohio
to withdraw his motion for the previous question
until I can move to refer the bill to a select com-
mittee.  
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The other mo-
tions to commit would then take precedence of the
motion the gentleman proposes to submit.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. I desire to ask the
Chair a question 
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio to withdraw his demand for the pre-
vious question a single moment.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
I insist that the rules of the House be inforced.
I call the gentleman from Illinois to order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Then the Chair
will not permit any further debate pending the
demand for the previous question.
. Mr.CAMPBELL. I will withdraw the demand
for the previous question for a moment, for the
purpose of asking a question of the Chair. If the
previous question be not seconded, will any further
amendment be in order?
The SPEAKER pro. tempore. No further
amendment will be in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire that the House
shall understand distinctly what will be the effect
of voting down the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SEWARD. I call the gentleman from
Ohio to order. He has demanded the previous
question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have withdrawn the
demand for the moment. Mr. Speaker, 1 should
be very glad to have this bill put in such a shape
as to enable the House to vote upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Rich-
ardson,] upon the amendment of the gentleman
Irom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Midim-kswartii,! and
upon all the amendments which other gentlemen
desire to submit. But the House must observe,
that if I withdraw the demand for the previous
question altogether, it will open the bill again to
general debate, and will give no further opportu-
nity of offering any further amendment at all.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman
from Ohio allow me to offer a single remark before
he renews the demand for the previous question ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have been unfortu-
nate in not being able to obtain the floor. It was
my misfortune, and not the fault of anybody.
But 1 desire to give notice to the friends of tne
bill upon this floor that they had better sustain the
demand for the previous question, and vote down
the motion to refer. We can then reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered to be
put, go back, and I will then offer the substitute
which I have prepared, which I think will be sat-
isfactoiy to every friend of the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
from Ohio allow me to make a single remark?
Mr. CAMPBELL. If itis for information—my
only desire is that the question may be understood
by the House.
Mr. SMITH. I desired the floor, which I
have obtained by the indulgence of the gentleman
from Oiiio, to inquire of the Chair whether it
would be in order to move to commit the bill to
the Committee on Public Lands, with instructions
to report it hack to-morrow.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Not while the
demand for the previous question is pending.
Mr. SMITH. But I understand the gentleman
from Ohio withdrew the demand for the previous
question.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. In the opinion
of the Chair it would not be m order to instruct a
committee to repoi t-moon a paiticuiar dav or hour.
Mr. CAMPBELL'.. The House, I think, now
perfectly understands that no further amendments
in the present stage of the bill would be in order,
or be entertained by the Chair, even though I
might withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion. If gentlemen have meritorious amendments,
the only way to get at them is to dispose of the
question m its present form, and then retrace our
steps. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, in order to bring
this thing to a focus, I again move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to bo put.
Mr. ORR. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the main question was ordered to be put,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.;
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the motion to reconsider
is laid upon thetable. will it not prevent the House
from getting back to the position desired by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. There will be no trou-
ble about it at all. When we have voted on the
third reading of the bill, the previous question will
cxh&ustsd ^
The SPEAKER pro tempore. debate is in
order. The motion of the gentleman fram South
Carolina has been agreed to.
The question now being upon committing the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union,
Mr. CLARK demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 71, nays 110; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, David J..Bai-
ley* Barksdale, Barry, Belcher, Benton, Bliss, Caruthers,
Clark, Cobb, Craige, John G. Davis, Disney, Dowdell,
Dunbar, Eastman, Eddy, Edgerton, Edmands, Faulkner,
Fenton, Fuller, Goode, Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Sampson
W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Hastings, Hcndricks, Heitfi,
Ilibbard, Hiester, Houston, Johnson, George VV. Jones,
Roland Jones, Keitt, Lamb, Latham, Letcher, Macdonald,
McDougall, McQueen, Macy, Meacham, Smith Miller,
Millson, Nichols, Orr, Parker, Peck, Peckham, Bishop
Perkins, Phelps, Seward, Seymour, Shannon, Shaw,
Singleton, William Smith, William R. Smith, George W.
Smyth, Heetor L. Stevens, John J. Taylor,Tracy, Wade,
Walbridgc, Walker, Walsh, and Wells—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Appleton, Ball, Banks,
Ben&on, Boej&k, Bridge?, Rristow. Bugg, Campbell, Car-
penter, CaskTe, Chandler, Chastain, Chrisman, Cook, Cor-
w:n, Cox, Crocker, Cullom, Thomas Davis, Dawson, De
Witt, Dickinson, Thomas D. Eliot, John M. Elliott, Elli-
son, English, Eiheridge, Everhart, Farley, Flagler, Flor-
ence, Gamble, Goodrich, Goodwin, Green, Greenwood,
Grey, Andrew'J. Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Howe, Hughes,
Hunt, Ingersoll, Daniel T. Jones, Kerr, Kid well, Knox,
Kurtz, Lewis, Lilly, Lindley, Lindsley,Lyon,McCulloch,
McMullm, McNatr, Mace, Matteson, Maurice, Middle-
swarth, Morgan, Muiray, Nobh1, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai
Oliver, Packer, Pennington, Powell, Pratt, Pringle. Pur-
year, Ready, Reese, Richardson, Riddle, Robbins, Itowe,
Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Shower, Simmons, Skelton,
Sollers, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Strat-
um, Stiaub, David Stuart, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Teller, Thurston, 1*rout, Upham, Vansant, Wal-
Icy, Ellihu B. Washbtirne, Israel VVashburn, John Went-
worth, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, Wheeler, I-Iea-
dnck B. Wright, Yates, and ZollicofFer—110. .
So the House refused to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. *
Mr. HENN stated that Mr. Jones, of Penn-
sylvania, who was detained from the House by
sickness, had requested him to say to the.House
that had he been present he. should have vo'ted
against the bill as it came from the Senate, but for
it if properly amended.
The question now being upon committing the
bill to the Committee on Public Lands,
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken-, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 72, nays 105; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, David J. Bai-
ley, Bnrry, Belcher, Benton, Bliss, Brooks, Clark, Cling-
man, Cobb, Crarec, Curtis, Culling, John G. Davis, Daw-
yon, Di>ney, Dowdell, Dunbar, Eastman, Eddy, Edgerton,
Edmands, Faulkner,Fenton, Fuller, Hamilton, Aaron Har-
lan, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P Harris, Hasling*,
Hendricks, Henn, I-Jibbaid, Houston, Johnson, George W.
Jones, Roland Jones, K.out,Lamb, Latham, Letcher, Mac-
don,ild, McDougall, McQueen, Macy, Meaeham, Smith
Miller,'Miilson, Nichols, Orr, Parker, Peck, Bishop Per-
kins, Phelps, Phillips Sage, Seward, Seymour, Shannon,
.Shaw, Singleton, William Smith, William R. Smiih,
George W. Smyth, Hestor L. Steven?, John J. Taylor,
Tracy, Wade, Walker, Walsh, and Wells—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Abeicrombie, Willis Allen, Ball, Barks-
dale, Benson, Bocock, Bridges, Bristow, Bugg, Campbell,
Carpenter, Caskie, Chandler, Chastain, Chrisman, Cook,
Corwm, Cox, Crocker, Thomas Davis, De Wilt, Dickin-
son, Eilmundson, Thomas D. Eliot, John M. Elliott, Elli-
son, English, Etheridjre, Farley, Flagler, Florence, Gam-
ble, Goode, Goodrich, Green, Greenwood, Grey, Harrison,
Haven, Hietter, Howe, Hunt, Daniel T. Jones, Kerr,
Kidwell, Knox, Kurtz, Lewis, Lilly, Lindbley,Lyon, Mc-
Culloch, McMullin, McNair, Mace, Matteson,'Maurice,
Middleswarth, Morgan.Murray, Noble, Norton, Olds, An-
diew Oliver,Mordecai Oliver,Packer, Pennington, Powell,
Pratt, Preston, Pringle, Puryear, Ready, Reese, Richard-
son, Riddle, Robbing, Rovve, Ruflin, Rus&ell, Sabm, Sapp,
I Shower, Simmons, Skelton, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
' li. Stanton, Stratton, Stranb. David Stuart, John L. Tay-
lor, iVathauH'l G. Taylor, Teller, Thurston, Trout, Upham,
W.illey, Elhbu B. Washburne, John Wentworth, Tappan
Wentwonh, Westbrook, Wheeler, Witte, Heudrick
Wright, Yates, and ZoUicofler—105.
