1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
KW58
So the House refused to commit the bill to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The question then recurred on Mr. Benton's
amendment.
Mr. EDDY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask for the reading of that
amendment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will be read
again, if no objection be made.
Mr. ROWE. I object.
The question was taken; and- it was decided in
the negative—yeas 62, nays 100; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, David J. Bai-
ley, Barksdale, Barry, Belcher, Benton, Bliss, Brooks, Ca-
mber:, Clark, Cobb, Craige, Curtis, John G. Davis, Daw-
son, Disney, l)owdell, Dunbar, Eddy, Etigerton, Fenton,
Fuller, Goode, Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Sampson W.
Harris, Hastings, Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Houston,
Hughe's, Johnson, George W. Jones, Koland Jones, Lamb,.
Letcher, Lindsley, Macdonald, McDougall, McQueen,
Macy,Matteson, May, Smith Miller, Nichols, Orr, Parker,
Peckham, Pennington, Bishop Perkins,Seward, Shannon,
Shaw, Singleton, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth,
Hestor L. Stevens, Wade, Walker, Walsh, and Wells—
62.
NAYS— Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Ball,
Banks, Benson, Bridges, Bristow, Bugg, Campbell, Car-
pentei, Caskie, Chandler, Chasuan. Chrisman, Olingman,
Cook, Corwin, Cox, Crocker, Cuilom, Thomas Davis, De
Witt, Dickinson, Edmuridson, Thomas D. Eliot, John M.
Elliott, Elli«on, English., Ethondge, Everhart, Farley, Flag-
ler, Florence, Gamble, Goodrich, Greenwood, Grey, An-
drew J. Harlan, Hariison, Hiester, Howe, Hunt, Daniel
T. Jones, Kidwell, Knox, Kurtz, Lewis, Lilly, McCul-
loch, McNair, Maurice, Meacham, Middleswarth, Morgan,
Munay, Noble, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Packer, Powell,
Pratt, Preston, Pmigle, Puryear, Ready, Reese, Richard-
son, Riddle, Robbins, Rowe, liussoll, Sabm, Sapp, Sey-
moui, Shower, Simmons, Skelton, William Smith, Sol-
lers, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stratton,
Stiaub, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Teller,
Trout, Upham, Van«aot, W alley, Ellihu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, John Wentworth, Tappan Wenuvorth,
Wesibrook, Wutc, Ilendrick ii. Wright, Yates, and Zolii-
eotlei—100.
So the amendment was rejected.
Pending the announcement of the vote,
Mr. CLARK announced that he had paired off
on this question with Mr. Jones, of Pennsylvania,
who was confined to his bed with illness.
Mr. KEITT also announced that he had paired
off with Mr. Mace ; if he had voted it would have
been in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
following amendment:
Strike out from the commencement of the twenty-sixth
to the end of the thirtieth ime, as follows:
(:j3nd provided further, That no officer, non-commissioned
officer, or private of the militia or volunteers who was
called out for the service of any State, and refused by the
authorities of such State to be placed in the service of the
United States, shall be entitled to the benefits of this act."
Mr. WALSH. On that amendment I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. 1 wish to inquire
of the Chair whether it is in my power to modify
that amendment now ?
The SPEAKER. After the previous question
has been seconded, the Chair doubts whether it
would be in order unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. WALSH and others. I object.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. Well, that is a
good amendment, and I hope it will be adopted.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 93, nays 74; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Ball,
Banks, Belcher, Benson, Bridges, Bugg, Campbell, Car-
pentpr, Chandler, Chrisman. Cook, Coi win, Cox, Crocker,
OuUora, Thomas Davis, De Witt, Dickinson, Dunbar,
Eastman, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Everhart, Farley,
Flakier, Florences Fuller, Gamble, Goodiich, Goodwin,
Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Harrison, Haven,
IJowe, Hunt, fnger&oll, Daniel T. Jones, Knox, Kurt/;,
McCulloch, McDousall, McNair, Matteson, Maurice,
Maya!!, Meacham, Middleswarth, Morgan. Murray, Nich-
ols,"Norton, MorHecat Oliver, Packer, Peck, Pennington,
Bishop Prrkms, Pratt, Pnngle, Ready, Reese, Richardson,
Robbing, Rowe, Russell, Sabm Sapp, Seymour, Simmons,
Richard H. Stanton, Hestof L. Stevens, Straub, David
Stuart, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Teller,
Thui*ton,Trout, Upham, Wade, Walley. Ellihu B. Wash-
bmne, Lraol Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth, Tap-
pan Wentwoith, YVestbrook, Wheeler, Ilendrick B.
Wrmht, and Yate^—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, David J. Bailey,
Barksdale, Barry, Benton, Bliss, Bocock, Bristow,Brooks,
Caiuthers, Ca-kie, Chastian, Clark, Chngman, Cobb,
Oraige, Curtis, John G. Davis Dawson, Di«ney, Dowdell,
Eddy, Edgcitori, J°!ln Elliott, Etheridge, Faulkner,
Fenton. Goode, Greenwood, Grey, Hamilton, Sampson
\V. ILmis Wih'y J\ IIuuis, Heun, Hibbard, Hiester,
Hon«ron, Johnson, Geoigc W Tones, Roland Jones. Kerr,
Lamb, Letcher, Lewis, Lilly, Lindsley, McMullin,
McUucen, May. Smith Miller, Millson, Noble, Andrew
Oliver, Orr, Pdiker, Pcckbam, Phelps, Powell, Preston,
Puryear, Shaw,' Shower, Singleton, Skelton, William
Smith, WiMiam R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick P.
Stanton, Stratton, Vansant, Walker, Walsh, ahd Witte—
94.
So the amendment was adopted.
Pending the announcement of the vote,
Mr. HENDRICKS said that his colleague, Mr.
English, was absent, under the impression that
he (Mr. H.)had paired off with him. He would
not, therefore, vote on this question; otherwise, he
would have voted against the amendment.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and it was accordingly read a third time.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Is the bill in a condition
to be amended now'
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was ordered to be
read a third time. And I will state that my object
is to amend it m the nature of a substitute. The
amendments which I propose are the striking out
the seventh and thirteenth sections of the bill.
[Cries of«1 Good! that is right."]
Mr. RICHARDSON, There are other amend-
ments, not so important, which I shall propose in
the substitute which I purpose to submit, if the
House reconsider the vote, and place the bill back
in a condition where it can be amended, and which,
I think, will be acceptable to a very large majority
of the House, I move the previous question on
the reconsideration.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; and under
the operation of the previous question, the vote by
which the bill was ordered to be read a third time
was reconsidered.
Mr. HOWE. I aslc the gentleman from Illi-
nois if he will not accept of my substitute, which
provides that the benefits of the act shall be ex-
tended to wagoners, teamsters, and others, engaged
in the transport of military supplies?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Without accepting it,
I have no objection to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania offering it, and if the House desire to
adopt it, I have no objection. I am inclined to
the opinion, however, that we had better take
what we can get now. I am perfectly willing that
the gentleman should offer it, or I shall offer it for
him myself.
Mr. Richardson's amendment, in the nature of
a substitute, was reported, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That each of the surviving commissioned and non-com-
missioncd officers, musicians, and privates, whether of reg-
ulars, volunteers, ranj;ers,«#r militia, who were regularly
mustered into the service of the United States, and every
officer, commissioned and non-commissioned, seaman,
ordinary seaman, marine, clerk, and landsman, in the
navy, in any of the wars in which this country has been
engaged, since 1750, and each of the survivors of the militia,
or volunteers, or State troops of any State or Territory,
called into the military service, and regularly mustered
therein, and whose services have been paid by the United
States, shall be entitled to receive a certificate or warrant
from the Department of the Interior for one hundred and
sixty acres of land ; and where any of those who have so
been mustered .into service and paid shall have received a
certificate or warrant, he shall be entitled to a certificate or
warrant for such quantity of land a4! will make, in the
whole, with what he may have heretofore received, one
hundred and sixty acres to each such person having served
as aforesaid : Provided, The person so having been in ser-
vice shall not receive said land warrant if it shall appear
by the muster rolH of his regiment or corps that he deserted,
or was dishonorably discharged from service.
Sec. 2. And be it further caaUed, That in case of the
death of any person who, if living, would be entitled to a
certificate or warrant as aforesaid'under this act, leaving a
widow, or, if no widow, a minor child or children, such
widow, or. if no widow, such minor child or children shall
be entitled' to receive a certificate or warrant for the same
quantity of land that such deceased person would he enti- i
tied to receive under the provisions of this act, if now living : ;
Provided, That a subsequent marriage shall not impair the j
right of any such widow to such warrant, if she be a widow j
atthetime'of makmgherapphcation: And provided further, I
That those shall be considered n^nors who are so at the j
time this act shall take effect.
Sec. 3. And he it further enacted, That in no case shall
any such certificate or warrant be issued for any service less
than fourteen days, except where the person shall actually
have been engaged in battle, and unless the party claiming
such certificate orwairant shall establish his or her right
thereto by iccoid evidence of said service.
Sf.c. 4. And be it further enacted, That said certificates
or warrants may be assigned, transferred, and located, by
the warrantees, their assignees, or their heirs-at-law, ac-
cording to the provisions of existing laws regulating the
assignment, transfer, and location of bounty-Sand warrants.
SiiC.o. And be it further enacted, That no warrant is-
sued under the provisions of this act shall be located on ,
any public lands, exeept such as shall at th« time be sub-
jec't to sale at either the minimum or lower graduated j
prices. « . j
Sec.6. And be itfurthei cnacied, That the registers and ;
receivers of theseveral land offieSsshal! be "severally au-
thorized to charge and receive for their services in locating
all warrants under the provisions of this act, the samo -
compensation or percentage to which they are entitled by
law for sales of the public lands for cash, at the rate of
$1 25 per acre, the said compensation to be paid by the
assignees or holders of such warrants.
Sec. 7. And he it farther enacted, That the provisions of
this act, and_all the bounty land laws heretofore passed by
Congress, shall be extended to Indians in the same man-
ner, and to the same extent, as if the said Indians had
been white.
Sec. 8, And he it further enacted, That the officers and
soldiers of the revolutionary war ot thezr widows or minor
children shall be entitled to the benefits of this act.
Sec. 9. And be 'it further enacted, That the benefits of
this act shall be applied to, and embrace, those who served
as volunteers at the invasion of Plattsburg, in September,
1814; also at the battle of King's Mountain, in the revolu-
tionary war, and the battle of Nickojack, against the eon-
federated savages of the Sooth.
Seo. 10. And be it further enacted, That the provisions
of this act shall apply to the chaplains who served with Uie
Army in the several wars of the country.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the provisions
of this act be applied to those who served as volunteers at
tiie attack on Lcwistown, m Delaware, by the Uriush fleet,
in the war of 1812 >15.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Some of the provisions
of the bill as it originally came from the Senate
that were objectionable to very many gentlemen
upon this floor, have been stricken out in the sub-
stitute I now offer. I desire to say here, that th,e
bill does not embrace all the cases that it ought to
embrace. It has been suggested and appeals have
been made to me to embrace various classes of
cases besides those embraced in the bill, where
individuals have rendered distinguished services to
the country. I wish that I could embrace them
all in the provisions of the bill now under consid-
eration.
Mr. MAY. X wish to call the attention of the
gentleman from Illinois to the case of a most mer-
itorious class of very gallant men dwelling along
the shores of the Chesapeake Bay, in both Mary-
land and Virginia. 1 speak of the flotilla men. I
ask the gentleman to accept an amendment, after
the words " ordinary seamen" in the seventh line
of the first section to insert the words " flotilla
men."
Mr. RICHARDSON. Knowing very little
about the difference between seamen of the differ-
ent classes, I understand that the bill now em-
braces flotilla men.
Mr. MAY. The gentleman is quite mistaken.
Nothing is more clearly ascertained than the lean-
ing of the words " ordinary seamen," and " lands-
men." The gallant men who served under Com-
modore Barney, Truxten, and others, were men
who were called from the shores of the Chesa-
peake, who lived in their boats for months, occu-
pying them as their homes.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. What were they
denominated?
Mr. MAY. Flotilla men.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have no objection,
myself, to the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. LEWIS. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to allow me to offer the following amendment,
to come in at the end of the tenth section of his
substitute: *
And also at the battle of Point Pleasant, on the 10ll> of
October, 1774.
I wish to tresspass upon the time of the House
but for a moment, not to make any remarks of my
own, but simply to read a few passages from the
" Historical Collections of Virginia," which I
hold in my hands, showing the propriety of the
amendment I now offer. I ask the attention of the
House to the following statement of facts:
(< Fort Pleasant is on the site of the bloodiest battle ever
fought with the Indians in Virginia—the battle of Point
Pleasant—which took place in JDunmore's war, October
10,1774.
" This battle (says Colonel Stuart in bis historical •
memoir) was, in fact, the beginning-of the revolutionary
war that obtained for our country the liberty and independ-
ence enjoyed by the United States, and a good presage of
future success; for it is well known lhat the Indians were
influenced bv the British to commence the war to terrify
and confound the people, before they commenced hostilities
themselves the following year at Lexington- It was thought
by British politicians that, "to excite an Indian war would
prevent a combination of the colonies for opposing parlia-
mentary measures to tax the Americans." The Wood,
therefore, spilt upon this memorable battle will long be
remembered by the good people of Virginia and the United
States with gratitude."
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Howe] is pend-
ing to the substitute offered by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.]
Mr. HOWE. I again appeal to the gentleman
