1004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
February28,
from Illinois to accept the amendment I have
offered.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I cannot determine,
nor shall I undertake to determine, when the
American Revolution began. By the provisions
of (he bill,ail the surviving soldiers, and theirwid-
ows, of the Revolution, ere included. I therefore
decline to accept the amendment, because I do hot
want the bounties to begin before the Revolution
began. If it was after the Revolution, they are
already included in the bill; if it was before, they
ought not to be paid by this Government.
One word more, and 1 shall demand the pre-
vious question. 1 believe and think thattheprop-
osition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
ought to be attached to the bill. I did not think,
however, that it was clear enough to make a part
of the bill itself.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. I wish to appeal
to the gentleman from Illinois to accept an amend-
ment which I will indicate. He can" do as he
pleases; but the amendment will cover a worthy
class of soldiers in the gentleman's own district.
The amendment which I wish him to admit, is
to add to the last clause of the substitute the fol-
lowing;:
Also, those who served in company K, United States
Mounted Knngprs, miderCaptain Jesse Bean,in anyof the
ywrs (nun June, 13i£2, to May, 183.>, as volunteers, and to
!h  ir widows and children. Al^o, to the volunteer troops
who t-erved in 1836 '7-'8, in the removal of the Cherokecs
to thnr present homes, and m preventing hostilities pend-
ing said removal.
Mr, RICHARDSON. I must respectfully Re-
cline. I cannot accept any more amendments. I
wish I could embrace them all. I move the pre-
vious quefction.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Theouesrion was then put upon the amendment
of Mr. Howe to the amendment of Mr. Richard-
S0N;nnd it was, on a division, agreed to—ayes80,
noes 59. *
The question then recurring upon the amend-
ment as amended, it was put; and agreed to.
Mr, ZOLLICOFFER. I would be pleased to
suggest to the gentleman from Illinois another
amendment.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, it is
notJn order to propose an amendment, the pre-
vious question not having been exhausted.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
read the third time.
- Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 demand the previous
question upon the passage of the bul.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question way then ordered to be put.
Mr MIDDLESW A R ITI. I demand the yeas
And nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
Mr JONES, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
[Criewof " No !" " No!"j
The question was taken on the passage of .the
bill, and resulted—yeas 135, nays 39; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Mew. James C. Allen, AppIetonf Ball, Barjc*-
duip, Bany Bennett, Benson, Blus, Bocoek, Bridve-i,
Brwow, Hugu, Cumpbull, Carpenter, Carothcrs, Chand-
h r, ( hastain, Chrisman, Chncimin,Cobb, Cook, Coiwin,
V 'X, Crocker, Cullom, Thomas Davis, Dawson, De Wilt,
J/jckinhon, Edimmdson, Thomas D. Ehot, John M. lit-
S*oir, Cllipon, lithertdge, Evcrharf, Farley, F.iulkmr,
Fenton, Flagler, Florence, Gamble, Goode, Goodwin,
Green, Greenwood,Grey, Hamilton. Sampson \V. liarri«,
Wiley P. Harris, tt irnson, Haven, Htosier, Howe, Hughes,
Hunt, lnjrcr>oll, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, Kerr, Kidwtll,
Knox. Knriz, Letcher, Lewis, Lilly, Lindsley, Lyon,
McCulloch, IVJcMulim, McNair, Matteson, Maurice, M.iy,
Mayall, Meacham, -Jliddle«warth, Morgan, Munay, No-
bi«-, Norton, Olds. Andievv Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Pack-
er, Pi'cKh-un, Pennington, Phelps, Powell, Pratt, Preston,
rrmtrte, Pn^year, Heady, Reese, Richardson, Riddle,
Ilotreis, Rowe, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Show-
er, Simmons. Singleton, Skelton, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, Sollers, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Stratton, fc?-raub, Andrew Simrt, David Stuart,
John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Teller, Thurston,
Trout, Uphatn, Vansanr, Walbndge, Wallcy, Elhhu B.
Washburn'', Israel Washburn, John Wentworth, Tappan
Wi-ntworth, W.'8ihrook, Wiieehr, Witte, Hetidrick B.
VVriiilv. Yate.c, and ZoDicofi'er—135.
Aiken, Bek-her, Benton, Clark, Crai^e,
Jo.'ii G. l):vi-v, Disney, Dowdell, Dunbar,F.istmau, Eddy,
E'.'sernui. Cdmands, Fuller, Aaron Harlan, Hcnn, (iibbard,
n' u>tou, Geo'go VV. Jones, Roland Jones, Lamb. Mc-
Dong^il, McQueen, Macy, Smith Miller, Milison, Morri-
son, Nichols, Orr, Packer* Seymour, Shaw, William R.
Smith, George W. Smyth, Hestor L. Stevens,. Wade,
Walker, Walsh, and Wells—39.
So the bill was passed. *
Pending the vote,
Mr. STRAUB announced that his colleague,
Mr. Jones, was absent from sickness, but had he
been here he would have voted in favor of the
bill; that he had been informed that his colleague
would have voted in the affirmative, but he had it
not from the gentleman himself.
Mr. S. also said that he himself, had desired to
make a speech in favor of the bill, but had not
been able to get the floor to do so.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to reconsider
the vote by-which the bill was passed, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon tne table.
The question was taken j and the latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, hereobtained the
floor.
Mr. SINGLETON. I would ask the gentle-
man from Michigan to yield to me a moment.
Mr. STUART. 1 will yield to the gentleman
from Mississippi-
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question of
privilege. I would state, Mr. Speaker, that I pro-
pose to move to suspend the rules, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, with a view to
order an evening session under the resolution.
But if the gentleman from Mississippi has a prop-
osition to make I will withdraw it, with- the
understanding that I shall have the opportunity
to renew it before the House adjourns.
Mr. PHELPS. I have this to say, that the
state of the public business requires the evening
sessions for the transaction of public business, and
not for Buncombe.
Mr. SINGLETON. I merely desire to ask
permission of the House to print a few remarks
which I have prepared, but have not been able to
present to the House.
[Cries of " Agreed !" (< Agreed !"]
[The speech will be found in the Appendix.]
BILL NO. 494.
Mr. ELLISON". I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole from bill No. 494 
Mr. WALSII. 1 object.
Mr. ELLISON". I will simply state that the
Government has been twice paid for one hundred
and sixty acres of land, and the bill to which I
refer, barely authorizes the Commissioner to pay
back what surplus he has .received.
Mr. WALSH. I objected, and objected loud
enough to be heard. This discussion is out of
order.
Mr. ELLISON. Then I move to suspend the
rules to enable me to make that motion.
The SPEAKER Does the gentleman from
Michigan yield to the gentleman from Ohio for
the purpose of moving to suspend the rules?
Mr. STUART. No,'sir; 1 do not.
Mr. ELLISON. I have not asked the House
for one single favor during the session until this
moment.
FRANKLIN CHASE.
Mr. READY. The gentleman from Michigan
indicates his willingness to yield the floor to me
for a moment, and I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union from the further
consideration of Senate bill No. 590, being a bill
for the relief of Franklin Chase, in order that it
be put upon its passage now. It will require but
a moment to dispose of it. It passed the Senate
by a strong vote, and has been reported by the
Committee on Commerce of this House unan-
imously.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would say that
the House is not now in a condition to take up
this bill and pass it.
Mr. WALSH. I object to it.
Mr. READY. I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose I have indicated.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not the
floor, and cannot take it from the gentleman from
Michigan for that purpose.
ST. CLAIR FLATS.
Mr. STUART. I move that the Oommittee of
the Whole on the state of the Union be discharged
from the further consideration of House bill (No.
498) making appropriations for deepening the
channel over the St. Clair flats, and for deepening
the channel over the fiats of the St. Mary's river,
in the State of Michigan. 1 move that the Housfi
do now adjourn, with a view of to-morrow bring-
ing up the other internal improvement Wis.
Mr. CAMPBELL, i withdrew my motion
under the understanding* that we shovid .go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state pt the
Union* for the purpose of taking, a recess, and
having an evening session for general debate.
Mr. STUART. 1 withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the House do
now resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The question was take~n; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Hendricks in the chair.)
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendments of the
Senate to the Army appropriation bill are before
the committee. The pending question is on the
amendment of the Committee of Ways and Means
to the iifth amendment of the Senate. The Clerk
will report it.
The Clerk reported the amendment, as follows:
Strike out the words" For repairs, preservation, and con-
tingencies of arsenals, $50,000," and insert:
For arsenals, including the purchase of sites for new
arsenals in Texas and New Mexico, and the erection of
suitable magazines and other arsenal buildings in Texas,
California, Oregon, and New Mexico, $288,175.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend that the Senate amendment be stricken out,
and that the following be inserted in lieu of it:
For repairs, preservation, and contingencies of arsenals,
$50,000, and lor continuing the construction of the arsenal
at Hemei'i, California, $'40,000. Jind if is hereby ■jtrorided,
That the annual compensation of the civil superintendents
of the national armories be $2,500, without perquisites,
allowances, or additions of any kind, and that the same be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, I rise for the
purpose of appealing to the committee to give this
evening to the public business. There are amend-
ments to the Army bill sent us from the Senate
which are of the utmost importance, and demand
our most careful consideration. One provides for
four additional regiments for the Army. '
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 rise to a ques-
tion of order. The gentleman is not discussing
the amendment under consideration.
Mr. PHELPS. I trust that I jrny be allowed
to proceed. I shall occupy but a moment. I re-
peat that there are several of the Senate amend-
ments to this bill which require consideration.
They will excite, I have no doubt, strong opposi-
tion.
Mr. WHEELER. Thegenfleman is not speak-
ing to the amendment under consideration, and is,
therefore, out of order. I call him to order.
' Mr. PHELPS. I am speaking to the bill under
consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine his remarks to the amendment before the com-
mittee.
Mr. PHELPS. There are amendments relat-
ing to the defense of our Indian frontier. We have
to take action on them, and ft is important that
we should act on them promptly; for, if there be a
disagreement between the two Houses, as I trust
there may be in relation to the mode of defending
the frontier, there must be necessarily a commit-
tee of conference. I expect that these amendments
will give rise to some discussion. That discussion
can take place in the evening session, instead of,
as it will, unless my suggestion be adopted, occu-
pying the most of one of the few days left us.
Mr. WHEELER. The gentleman is not speak-
ing to the amendment, and is out of order. I in-
sist on the enforcement of the rules.
EVENING SESSION
Mr. CAMPBELL. The committee will allow
me a word here. In making the motion that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, i expressly de-
clared that when we got into committee it was my
intention to move for a recess and evening session
under the resolution of the House, with a view to
general debate. Now there may be great force in
the remark of the gentleman, that the public busl-
