1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Also, a communication from the Second Auditor
of the Treasury, transmitting copies of such ac-
counts as have been rendered by persons clmrgcd
or intrusted with the disbursement ar.d application
of money, goods, or effects for the benefit of In-
dians from the 1st of July, 1853, to the 30th of
June, 1854, inclusive, together with a statement
containing a list of the names of all persons to
whom goods, money, and effects have been deliv-
ered within the same time, specifying the amounts
and the objects for which intended, the amounts
accounted for, and the balances under each spe-
cific head.
On motion by Mr. HAVEN, the communica-
tion was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a communication from the Treasurer of
the United States, transmitting1 copies of his ac-
counts, and the receipts and disbursements for the
Post Office Department for the year ending 30th
Jurife, 1854.
On motion by Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois,
the communication was ordered to lie upon the
table, and be printed.
And, also, a communication from the Post Office
Department, transmitting copies of the abstracts
of offers for carrying the mail made within the
year, and all the contracts necessary for the trans-
portation of the mails, &c.
On motion by Mr. BRIDGES, the communica-
tion was ordered to lie upon the table, and be
printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to make
a single suggestion with reference to the business
of the body.
Mr. OLDS. Let me ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to bring in the j ost route bill.
It will take no time.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair must with-
draw his suggestion.
Mr. HAMILTON. Let us hear the Speaker's
suggestion.
The SPEAKER. The suggestion of the Chair
is simply this, that as there is a great variety ef
business to which no objection will be made, half
an hour or an hour be devoted to the reception of
such matters.
Mr. BRIDGES. 1 would suggest one hour.
Mr. HOUSTON. I must object to an hour,
but 1 will not object to half a"n hour.
The SPEAKER. Then, if there be no objec-
tion, half an hour will be ;levoted to that purpose,
with the understanding that if debate shall arise
the measures shall go back to their original rest-
ing places.
No objection was made to the course suggested.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have a motion pending
to suspend the rules to take up some pension
bills. This order will not interfere with that mo-
tion, I suppose.
The SPEAKER. Not at all. It is only a
pause in the current business of the body.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I wish to know if
the time agreed upon is one hour, or only half an
hour ?
The SPEAKER. Half an 'hour is all that is
allowed. Perhaps we can get through in half an
hour.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to understand the
extent of the rule which has been adopted; whether
gentlemen from each particular State will be enti-
tled to the floor as their States are called?
The SPEAKER. Yes; and none others.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to carry out
the unanimous understanding of the House, by
calling the States in their order.
PORTS OF DELIVERY.'
Mr. FULLER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to establish Columbus, in
the State of Mississippi, Chattanooga, in the State
of Tennessee, and Hickman, in the State of Ken-
tucky, ports of delivery; which was read a first
and second time by its title.
Mr. SEWARD. With the leave of the gentle-
man from Maine, I desire to amend that bill. I
desire to move to append to it Senate bill No. 112.
The SPEAKER. If not objected to that can
be done.
Mr. HARLAN, of Ohio. I object.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FULLER. I have but one more bill to
offer. It is a bill to carry into effect the recipro-
city treaty between the United States and Great
Britain. It has passed the Senate.
[Cries of "Object!"]
Mr. RICHARDSON. One bilf is enough for
any gentleman to offer.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is not
fair for one gentleman to offer more than one bill;
and I object to it.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee on Commerce, reported the follow-
ing bills; which were read a first and second time
by their respective titles, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed:  
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
improvement of the harbor of Huron, Ohio;
A bill to provide for a resurvey of the harbors
at Marblehead, Nantucket, and Sandy Bay in the
State of Massachusetts;
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
improvement of the Kcnnebec river, in the State
of Maine;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
navigation of the Arkansas river;
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
removal of the rocks obstructing the navigation
near Fall's Island, Maine;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Oak Orchard, on Lake Ontario;
A bill makingappropriation for the construction
and repair of certain dredge, snag, and scow boats;
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
breakwater at Rockland harbor, Maine;
A bill making appropriation for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Missouri river;
A bttl making appropriation for continuing the
improvement of the harbor of Kenosha, Wis-
consin;
A bill making appropriation for the improve-
ment of the Appomattox liver, below Peteisburg,
Virginia;
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
improvement of the harborof Sodus bay, Wayne
county, New York;
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
construction of a levee across the mouth of the
river San Diego, California, and other works;
A bill for the improvement of the harbor of
St. Joseph's, Michigan;
A bill for the improvement of the harbor of East
Pascagoula river;
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
improvementof the harborof Buffalo, New York;
A bill making appropriation for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Tennessee river;
A bill making appropriation for the continuing
of the Delaware breakwater, in the Delaware;
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
improvement of the harbor of Sandusky City,
Ohio;
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
improvement of the harbor at Ilacine, Wisconsin;
A bill making appropriation for repairs of the
piers in Saco river, in the State of Maine;
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Clin-
ton river, Michigan;
A bill making appropriation for the further im-
provement of the navigation of James river, Vir-
ginia;
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
construction of the harbor on Lake Ponchartrain,
Louisiana;
A bill making appropriation for the improve-
ment of the Colorado river;
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
improvement of the harbor of Ashtabula, Ohio;
A_ bill for continuing the improvement of the
navigation of the Illinois river;
A bill making appropriation for the removal of
obstructions from the Susquehanna river;
A bill for the improvement of the harbor of New
Buffalo, Michigan;
A bill making appropriation for the improve-
ment of the harbor of Oswego, New York;
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
improvement of the Hudson river above and be-
low Albany, New York;
A bill making; appropriation for continuing the
removal of the rocks at Hell Gate, New York
harbor;
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
connection of the waters of the Indian river and
Muscjuito lagoon, Florida;
A bill for the improvement of the harbor of
Waukegan, Illinois;
A bill making appropriation for the construc-
tion of steam dredges, steam tug equipments, and
discharging scows, for the Chesapeake bay, and
the Atlantic coast;
A bill making appropriation for the improve-
ment of the harbor ofManitou, Wisconsin;
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
breakwater at Richmond Island harbor, Maine;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
Des Moines rapids, in the Mississippi river;
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
survey of the harbor of Galveston, and Passo
Cavello, and other harbors and rivers in Texas;
A bill making appropriation fdr continuing the
repairs of the piers and improvements of the har-
bor of Newcastle, Delaware;
A bill for the improvement of the harbor of
Black Lake, Michigan;
A bill for the removal of obstructions at Col-
bert's shoals, in the Tennessee river; '
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
repairs of the breakwater in Portland harbor,
Maine;
A billmakingappropria':on for the improvement
of the harbor"of Bridgep rt, in Connecticut;
A bill making appropriation for the improvement
of the Ohio river ;
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
repairs of the injuries done to the Government
works on Plymouth beach;
A bill for the improvement of the harbor of
Grand Haven, Michigan;
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
improvement of the harborof Erie, Pennsylvania;
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
improvement of the harbor of Conneaut, Ohio;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
Rock river rapids, in the Mississippi river;
A bill making appropriation for the improve-
ment of the harbor of Burlington, Vermont;
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Grand
river, Ohio;
A bill making appropriation to continue and
extend the piers in the harbor of Monroe, in the
State of Michigan;
A bill making appropriation far the improve-
ment of the harbor of Dubuque;
A bill making appropriation for the improve-
ment of the harbor of Sheboygan, Wisconsin;
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
removal of the obstructions near the mouth of the
Seekunk river, Rhode Island; and
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
improvement of the harbor at Milwaukie, Wiscon-
sin.
Mr. WENTWORTH, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with a recommendation that they
do pass, the following bills; which were severally
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed:
A bill making an appropriation for continuing
the sea-wall for the protection of Great Brewster's
Island, in the harbor of Boston, Massachusetts;
A bill making a further appropriation for deep-
ening the bar of Charleston harbor;
A bill making appropriation for continuing tlie
repairs of the breakwater at Hyannis harbor,
Massachusetts;
A bill making appropriation for the completing
of the shelter or harbor at Reedy Island, in the
river Delaware;
A bill making appropriation for the repair of
the sea-walls on Deer and Lowell's islands, in
Boston harbor, Massachusetts;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Dunkirk, New York, on Lake Erie;
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
pier and constructing a breakwater at Michigan
City, in the State of Michigan, and to otherwise
improve the harbor at said city;
A bill making a further appropriation for com-
pleting the improvement of Mobile bay;
A bill makingappropriation for the improvement
for the preservation of Great Wood 's-Hole harbor,
Massachusetts;
