1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
improvement of the harbor of Sodus bay, Cayuga
county, New York; and
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
improvement of Taunton river, Massachusetts.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I desire also to move
to discharge the committee from the further con-
sideration of certain matters.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I object to that.
WILLIAM CARR LANE.
Mr. DICKINSON. I-offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House pay to William
Carr Lane the usual mileage and per diem from the com-
mencement of the last session until the day upon which the
contest between himself and the Hon. JosS Manuel Gal-
legos, for a seat in this House, as Delegate from the Terri-
tory of New Mexico, was finally decided.
Mr. HAMILTON. We cannot consider that
resolution now; and I object to it.
JOHN D. COLMESNIL.
Mr. UPHAM. I desire to have the Committee
of the Whole House discharged from the further
consideration of joint resolution of the House
(No. 24) for the final adjustment of the accounts
of John D. Colmesnil, in order that it may be put
upon its passage.
Mr. COBB. That is a very complicated case.
Mr. DISNEY. It is a clear case, and the reso-
lution ought to be passed.
Mr. COBB. I object to it.
PETER AMEY.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I wish to
have taken from the Speaker's table a small bill;
and I hope gentlemen will not object to it. It is
a small claim for an old man who fought on board
the Essex.
The bill was taken up and read by its title, as
follows:
Senate bill for the relief of Peter Amey, colored
man.
The bill, which was read in. extenso, directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Peter Amey on the list of invalid pensioners of the
Navy, and pay him $96 per annum, to commence
from the 1st of January, 1850, and to continue
during his life.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask that the bill be put upon
its passage.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
read a third time,
Mr. CHASTAIN. I object.
Mr. ELIOT. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw his objection.
Mr. CHASTAIN. I would ask if the bene-
ficiary of this bill is a negro?
Mr. ELIOT. He is a colored man. He fought
on board the frigate Essex.
Mr. CHASTAIN. Then I do not withdraw
my objection.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill must return to
its original place on the Calendar.
JOHN D. COLMESNIL AGAIN.
Mr. UPHAM. The gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Cobb] agrees to withdraw the objection
which he offered to the joint resolution presented
by me.
Mr. COBB. I will state the reason why I
withdraw my oMection.
The SPEAKER. If debate arises it must go
over.
Mr. COBB. I merely want to state the reason
of my objection. I supposed that this was an old
case which we had up several years ago. 1 find it
is altogether a different case, and I have no objec-
tion at all to it "
Mr. UPHAM. My proposition is a substitute.
It was reported as follows;
Joint resolution for the final adjustment of the
accounts of John D. Colmesnil.
The joint resolution directs the Postmaster Gen-
eral to have the accounts of John D. Colmesnil,
president of the Ohio and Mississippi Mail Line
Company, reexamined for the purpose of determ-
ining whether any further compensation is due in
law or equity to him, and to pay him such sum as
may be adjudged to be due, for the use of himself
and his assistants, out of the funds in the Treas-
ury appropriated to the transportation of mails, the
decision of the Department being subject, as in all
other cases, to the proviso of the eighth section of
the act of July 2, 1836, " to change the organiza-
tion of the Post Office Department."
' j Mr. LETCHER. I wish merely to say—as I
made objection to this bill before—that it has been
altered in conformity with my views, and I have no
further objection to its passage.
The,question w&s taken; and the amendment,
in the nature of a substitute, was agreed to.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
PETER AMEY—AGAIN.
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Chastain] agrees to withdraw his objection
to the bill for the relief of Peter Amey.
Mr. CHASTIAN. I withdraw my objection,
but I desire the gentleman from Massachusetts to
explain what service this man performed.
The SPEAKER. Under the special order of
the House, inquiry or debate cannot be had.
Mr. ELIOT. The report will show.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. HUGHES obtained the floor.
Mr. HIBBARD. I ask the consent of the gen-
tleman from New York to let me present a matter.
I was not here when the State of New Hampshire
was called.
Mr. HUGHES. I am always willing to yield,
if I do not lose my own right to the floor.
Mr. HIBBARD. Then I present 
Mr. J. C. ALLEN, (interrupting.) I object to
going back.
G. W. TORRENCE.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask that the Committee of
the Whole be discharged from the further consid-
eration of Senate bill No. 552 for the relief of
George W. Torrenc-.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of War to pay to George W. Torrence the sum
of $1,574, in full compensation for his gallant mil-
itary service at the Natjonal Bridge, Mexico, on
the' 9th September, 1847, and for the extraordi-
nary expenses incurred by him in consequence of
wounds received by him In theserviceof the^Uni-
ted States.
Mr. HUGHES. This is a Senate bill to which
there can be no objection. 1 ask that it be put
upon its passage.
Mr. DUNHAM objected, but subsequently
withdrew his objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I know nothing
about this bill, except what I have seen of it here
in the House. I suppose that if any of those sol-
diers are entitled to special compensation, this
claimant is one of them.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
RECIPROCITY TREATY BILL.
Mr. PECKHAM. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up Senate bill, No. 560,
which'was read yesterday. My friend from Ala-
bama objected to it, and withdrew his objection
subsequently. It is a bill to carry into effect the
last treaty stipulations between Great Britain and
the United States.
The bill was reported by its title, as follows;
Senate bill to amend an act to carry into effect
the treaty between the United States and Great
Britain, signed June 5,1854,and approved August
5, 1854.
Mr. PECKHAM. The bill was read in full
yesterday. I move that the reading now be dis-
pensed with.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let it be read; I
want to know what it is.
The bill was read in extenso, and finally passed.
JESSE FRENCH.
Mr. EDMANDS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table House bill (No. 733) for the relief of Jesse
French, of Braintree, Massachusetts.
The bill was then read through by the Clerk.
It provides that the name of the petitioner be
placed upon the pension rolls, at the rate of four
dollars per month, to commence on the 1st day of
January, 1852, and to continue during his natural
life.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and having been engrossed, was
read the third time, and
AMOS KN/iPP. .
Mr. CARPENTER. I asK the unanimous
consent of the House, to-take from, the Speaker's
table Senate bill (No. 192) for the relief- of Amos
Knapp. _.
The bill in this case directs the Secretary of the
Interior to pay to Amos Knapp, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, a su$*
equal to eleven dollars per* month from July 1,
1848, to the date of approval of this act; and to
increase his pension, granted by the act of July
12, 1852, to thej-ate of eleven dollars per tnontji,
to continue during his natural life; provided that
any sum which Knapp may have received, und«r
the act of July 12, 1852, shall be deducted from
the amount required to be paid by the provisions
of this act.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and having been read the third time, was passed.
PRINTING DOCUMENTS.
Mr. MURRAY. I offer the following resolu-
tion from the Committee on Printing:
Resohed, That such extra numbers of the Executive
documents as are ordered to be printed in quarto form,
shall be bound by the public binder of the House, as the
House (Jommittee on Printing shall authorize and direct, at
such price as sncli committee shall deem reasonable and
just.
The question was taken; and the resolution
was adopted.
CORPORATION OF GEORGETOWN.
Mr. SAGE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take upand consider House bill (No.
517) to authorize the corporate authorities of
Georgetown to impose additional taxes, and for
other purposes.
Mr. HAMILTON. It is one of the- bills re-
lating to the District of Columbia. Ithas already
passed the House, and is now returned from the
Senate with amendments.
The amendments to the bill were then read, as
follows:
Page 1, line ten, after the word " law," insert the word
" now," und in line eleven, after the word " town," insert
the following:
And all moneys vested or held in any bank, insurance,
brokerage, or exchange company, or institution, upon all
State or corporation stocks, and money loaned at interest
on bond mortgage or other indebtedness.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ments were concurred in.
BOUNTY LANDS.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up and consider "House
bill (No. 567) supplemental to an act granting
bounty lands to certain officers and solders who
have been engaged in the military service of the
United States, approved September 23, 1850, and
also an act entitled " An act to make land war-
rants assignable, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March 2, 1852.
Mr. COBB. I wish to inquire who offered that
bill ?
Mr. WHEELER. I did.
Mr. COBB. I ask the gentleman to accept the
bill I hold in my hand as a substitute.'
Mr. WHEELER. I cannot.
Mr. COBB, f offer it, then , as an amendment
to the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will withdraw that amendment, it will
lead to the defeat of this bill.
Mr. COBB. Then I object to the bill, if the
gentleman will not accept my substitute. It has
been recommended by the Committee on Public
Lands.
Objection being made, the bill was not consid-
ered.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATES
A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbdry Dickins. Esq., their Secretary, inform-
ing the House that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, bills of the House of the following
titles:
A bill for the relief of Charles H. Pointer;
A bill for the relief of the children and grand-
children of Thomas Morris;
An act for the benefit of the heirs of Philip R.
Rice, deceased;
A n act for the relief of Sarah Morrissvonly heir
of Robert Mitchell, deceased;
.An act for the relief of Wllliam G. Preston ;
