1008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March I .
An act for the relief of William Gt. Howison;
and
An act for the relief of Amos E. Cook,
Also, that tha Senate had passed a bill of the
House of the following .title:
An act for the relief of Thomas Underhili, exe-
cutor of Thomas Underhili, deceased; with an
amendment; in which he was directed to aak the
concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had indefinitely postponed
a bill of the House of the following title:
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Henry Hoffman.
. Also, that the Senate had passed a resolution
suspending the 16th joint rule of the two Houses,
so far as relates to the bill of the Senate No. 684.
HENRY S. SANFORD.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to take up Senate bill
(No: 420) for the relief of Henry Stanford.
The bill, whichr was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury shall pay to H. S. San-
ford, acting charge d'affaires of the United States
at Paris, $6,222 S3, being the difference between
the salary received by him as secretary of legation
at Paris from May 14, 1853, to January 2ii, 1854,
and the salary of charge d'affaires for the same
period; and also $1,170 63 as necessary expenses,
clerk hire, and office rent for the same period.
Wo objection ben g made, the bill was ordered
to be read a third time; and was subsequently
read a third lime, and passed.
Mr. INGER&OLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
MARY JEMISON.
Mr. PRINGLE. I ask the House to take up
House bill (No. 769) for the relief of the heirs of
Mary Jemi^on, deceased.
, The bill provides for the paymenLto the heirs
of Mary Jemison, deceased, otherwise called the
" Willie Woman," the sum of §998 25, for
money unlawfully withheld from her by the Gov-
ernment Indian agent for the State of New York,
provided that rio portion of such sum should be
paid to Polly, daughter of said Mary Jamison.
No objection being made, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed,it was read the third time,and passed.
PAMEl.IA SLA '.'JN.
Mr. MATTESON. 1 ask the House to take
up Senute bid (No. 521) for the relief of Pamelia
Slavm.
Mr DAVIS, of Indiana. I wish to make a
suggestion to the Chair, in reference to the man-
ner of the execution of this order of the Ilouae.
The House agreed to devote one half hour to the
calling of the States for reports, and that as they
were called, each member from the State should
have the hbeity to reporter introduce one bill,
which should be considered, if there should be no
objection. Now it turns out that many members;
as their States aie cullfd, have no bills in charge,
which they wish to report, and 1 submit that it is
not a fair execution of that order, that such gen-
tlemen should take bills from members whose
names are low down on the Calendar, and will
probably not be reached under this oidei, and
report such bills as their own. As such a course
consumes time it operates as an injustice to those
who have bills of their own to report, and who
are ready to report them as soon as their States
are reached.
I do not referto thegentleman from New York,
[Mr. Mattksox,] but I am speakine generally
of the course which has been pursued here to some
extent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not hesitate
to say that the tranfers of bills is not a fair execu-
tion of the order adopted by the House.
The bill which Mr. Mattesow moved to take
up was then read for information. It provides
that the name of PameliaSlavin shall be placed on
the pension roll at the rate of four dollars per
month, for five years from January 1, 1848, in full
satisfaction of the claim for pension, as widow of
John Blue, her first husband.
No objection being made, the bill was ordered
to be read a third time, and having been read, it
was subsequently passed.
GEORGE M. FARNHAM.
Mr. CUTTING. I call up for consideration
Senate bill (No 387) for the relief of George M.
Farnham, commercial agent at the port of St.
Louis.
The bill was read for information.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there a report
in this case.
Mr. CUTTING. There is. But I will, in a
word, explain the case as it will consume less
time. The design of. the bill is to reimburse
money which was paid out of pocket for the relief
of shipwrecked seamen.
[Cries of" Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. It ia not in order to indulge
in debate. The Chair is informed that the report
is not here.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then let the bill
go over.
Objection being made, the bill was not con-
sidered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee.^ Has not the half
hour expired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. JONES. Then I demand the regular order
of business.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have a resolution which I
desire to offer, that it may be referred to tht Com-
mittee on Printing.
order op business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee has called for the regular order of business,
which is an objection to all business out of order.
Mr. FLAGLER. I had the floor, and I would
ask the Chair whether it could be taken from me
by the gentleman from Tennessee for the purpose
of making the demand which he has.'
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York was upon the floor under the order of the
House. The half hour during which that order
held good having expired, the gentleman from
Tennessee was .entitled to make the demand which
he has.
WARD, HALLECIC AND LITTLE.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to a
privileged question. 1 reported yesterday, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, a bill for the re-
lief of Ward, Halleck& Little. At the time I sug-
gested that it should be referred to a Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar.
Since 1 have examined the bill, which has been
approved and signed by the President, creating a
court of claims, 1 find that it authorizes bills to be i
referred by either House to that court. I move to
reconsider the vole by which that bill was referred
to a Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar, in order tNit it may be sent to the
court of claims. And if there be no objection, I
would offer the joint resolution, which 1 send to
the Clerk's table to be read for information, in
order to cover all cases.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
ii<?r.oitW, Th.'it all the tilth upon the Private Calendar
whuii thrill not liavc b'-cn di^puoed of ai ttte el.u,e ol this
Congress, lie referred, with the report* and accompanying
paper-, to Hie court of claims.
Mr. HUGHES. I object.
a. b. Cray's report.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have asked theunanimous
consent of the House lor leave to introduce a reso-
lution for reference to the Committee on Printing.
Is there objection to it?
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be read
for information.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, Thru ten thousand copies of the report and map
of A. B. Gray, iate i'ruled Stales surveyor under the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo, be printed for ttie use of the IJou-e
of Ite.prescotdiives; and that Hie Kuperintendeiitof the 1'ub-
Iie Printing be authorized, and dirccied, to add to Mich re-
port and map ai.y additional information obtained by Mr.
1'ray in his recent exploration through the newly acquired
territory from IYI< xico, ns aulborr/.ed and conditioned by
the Senate ; and that one hundred copies of the =ame be,
and are hereby, appropriated tu the use of A. B. Giay.
Mr. COBB. I object to that resolution.
SUSPENSION OF THE RULES.
The SPEAKER. The question first in order
is the consideration of the motion to suspend the
rules, made by thegentleman from Nebraska, [Mr.
Gidoings,] in osOer to discharge the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union from the
further consideration of a bill to amend the act of
Congress, approved May 23, 1S44, entitled " An
act for the relief of the citizens of towns upon
lands of the United States, under certain circum-
stances."
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. Speaker, I obtained
the floor last evfening previous to the adjourn-
ment, and made a motion, which was entertained,
that the rules be suspended for the purpose of
considering two or three invalid pension "bills.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands—not
being present-himself—that, by-unanimous con-
sent, the House last evening entertained a second'
motion for the suspension of the rules. The
motion of the gentleman from Nebraska [Mr.
GiddingsJ is certainly the first thing in order this
morning.
Mr. GOODWIN. I would ask the gentleman
from Nebraska to yield to me for a moment.
The SPEAKER. Several gentlemen desire
the floor to ask unanimous consent for the dispo-
sition of certain priyate bills. Is there any ob-
ject ion ?
Mr. FLAGLER. I was taken from the floor
by a single objection, and I shall object to all other
business unless the House proceeds as it did this
morning in regard to the private bills now asked
to be considered and passed.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that, for another half hour, the Chairshall
proceed to call upon States for business, as has
been done this morning?
[Cries of" Agreed!"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. If there
be two thirds of the House in favor of that course,
let a motion be made to suspend the rules for the
purpose.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion to suspend
the rules now pending, and no1*other motion for
suspension can be entertained until that is dis-
posed of. Therefore, the gentleman from Ten-
nessee ought to know that one objection blocks
the game. [Laughter.]
Mf. GIDDINGS, of Nebraska. I ask that my
motion for the suspension of the rules may be
disposed of, so that the House may proceed to the
consideration of other business. My object is to
bring before the House and put upon its passage
a bill which does'but a simple act of justice to my
constituents.
Mr. McMULLIN. I would be happy to see
the Chair continue to call upon States for business,
as he has been doing this morning.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee objects, and it cannot be done.
Mr. JONES. 1 demand the regular order of
business.
RELIEF OP CITIZENS ON PUBilC LANDS.'
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion to suspend the rules to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
from the further consideration of a bill to amend
the act of Congress, approved May 23, 1844, en-
titled " An act for the relief of the citizens of
towns upon lands of the United States, under cer-
tain circumstances." The bill will be read.
The Cletk read the bill in extenso. It provides
that the act of Congress, approved May 23,1844,
entitled "An act for the relief of the citizens of
towns upon the lands of the United States under
certain circumstances," be so amended that its
provisions shall apply to all lands belonging to the
United States, whether surveyed or unsurveyed,
except such towns as are or may be located on
lands that, by treaty stipulation, are to be sold for
the benefit ot any of the Indian tribes, and except,
also, such towns as may be located on any mili-
tary, Indian,or other reserve; that the Legislature
of any of the States or Territories in which the
public lands are situated may, by law, designate
the officer or person who shall make the entry or
entries provided for in said act, in trust for the
owners and occupants of the lots in any such
towns where the same are not incorporated; and
that the entries under said act may include any
adjoining fractional subdivisions on which said
towns may in whole or in part be located: Pro-
vided, That not more than three hundred and twenty
acres shall be entered for the use and benefit of any
one town.
Mr. DISNEY. Mr. Speaker, I will only say
to the House that this bill was reported from the
Committee on Public Lands after it had been care-
fully prepared. The only alteration of existing
laws is in applying the provisions of the act of
1844 to unsurveyed lands.
