THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 1, 1855.
New Series.....No. 64.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 desire to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
If the motion to suspend the rules is not debat-
able, I object to this debate.
Mr. BENSON. I ask the gentleman who has
charge of this bill whether he will not, in a few
wordw, explain its provisions?
The SfEAICER. Gentlemen on all sides call
to order. The quest on is not debatable. No
debate is in order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have no objection to
this lull if it is to apply only to Nebraska and
Kansas, or only to the Territories of the United
Stales; out if jt is to become the law of the land,
and made applicable to the States, I am opposed
to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call the
gentleman 10 order. No debate is in order while
the motion is pending to suspend the rules.
Mr. BENSON. Is it not in order to make an
inquiry ?
The SPEAKER. Itis not. No debate of any
character whatever is in order pending a motion to
suspend the rules.
Mr. PRINGLE. As I do not understand the
provisions of the bill, and as we can have no ex-
planation, I demand the yeas and nays upon the
moaon to suspend the rules.
Mr. DiSNEY. The House evidently misun-
derstands the character of the bill.
Mr. P&fNGLE. It is for that very reason
that I have demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to know upon what
the yeas and nays have been ordered?
The SPEAKER. Upon the motion of the gen-
tleman from Nebraska to suspend the rules.
Mr. PRINGLE. I understand by the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands, that this
bill provides for guarding properly the rights of
the Indians to their lands. If it is in my power,
therefore, I will withdraw my call for the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays having
been ordered, the demand cannot be "withdrawn
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I object
until I can hear the bill read.
The SPEAKER. The bill has been read twice
already. Is it the pleasure of the House that it
shall be read the third time.
[Loud cries of " No !" " No!"]
Mr. DiSNEY. If the House will allow me for
a moment I will explain the bill.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House to hear the gentleman?
[Cries of "No!" u No !" " Object!"]
Mr. DiSNEY. Then it seems the House will
neither hear the bill read nor allow it to be ex- j
plained.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done, then,
by a vote of the House.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the negative—yeas 7G, nays 83; as follows:
YF.A^—M^rs. Willie Allen, A sin*, David J Bailey, I
BarlvsMlu'p. Bjny, Bclcheu '-'ell, Cat utiles, Chnsman, !
Chi."uiati. <;oht>* Cook, CuPom, Cuius, Cutting, Disney, i
D.>\vrt 11, D-uui, D.u l)a<, Dim'i.mi, Eastman, Edgerton, [
John M Eicon, Hilit rid^o, Green, Greenwood, j
Andrt-wJ fl irlan, Sanisou W Ilarns Wiley P. Harris,,
Hou^ion, inecr.-voll, Roland Jones, Keitf, Kurtz, Lamb, j
Law, Latham, Lmd^ley, McDougnH, Maov, Maxwell, i
May, Vlavall,Smith Miller, Nichols, Olds,Mordncai Oliver, i
Parker, P"ckham. Phelps, Phillip-, Powell, Pratt, Rfady, |
Riddle, Thomas Ritehey, riejuiuur, Shannon, Singleton,
William Smith. Wjlhnm R Smith, George W. Smyth,
Suller*, Hector L Stevens Strattoa. Straub, David Stuart,
John L Tajl'^r, Trout, Vansaut, Wells, Westbrouk, and
Hrmlrick B Wrbhf—76
NAY'*—Messrs. Ball, Banks, Bennett, Benson, Boyce,
Ereekiunds'', Bridges, Bri<tow, Catiiphelt, Carpenter,
Cliaiydl'-r, ClrA-t.im, Clark, (Jorwin, Cux, Crai?e, Crocker,
John G. D;ui*, Dawson, iJjokmson, Eddy, Edmand*, Ed-
nmndsoiu E'lj^on, Everhait, Farley, Florence, Giddings,
Co(>de, Gu -dMeh.Gtev, Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Harrison,
Ha-tin?*, flaveii, Il'-udrit k?, Ilfi-ler, Howe, Hussies,
Johnson, D mnl T Jones, G' orge W. Jone<, R^rr. Knox,
Lecher, Lewis, L\oii, VLiedonald, MeNair, MeQ,ucen,
Mauefcon. Maurice, Middleswarth, Morgan, Murray,
Noble, Norton, Parker, Pennington, Reese, David Ritchie,
Rogers, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Simmons, Frederick
64
P. Stanton, Andrew Stuart, John J. Taylor, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Teller, Thurston, Tracy, Wade, Walbridge, Wal-
iey, Walsh, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
John Wentwortb, and Wheeler—83.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were not suspended.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. GREEN asked leave to vote, he having
been absent, in the discharge of his duty as a
member of the Committee on "Enrolled Bills, when
his name was called.
No objection was made, and Mr. G. was allowed
to vote.
ADDITIONAL MEMBERS OF THE COMMITTEE
ON ENROLLED BILLS.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Gp.een] also states, that it is impossible for
the Committee on Enrolled Bills, with the present
number of members, to examine all the bills that
are referred to them. If there be no objection, the
Chair will appoint additional members on that
committee.
There being no objection,
The SPEAKER accordingly appointed Mr.
Stratton, Mr. Nichols, and Mr. Seward, upon
that committee.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL CONFERENCE.
Mr. HAVEN. I rise to what I believe is a j
privileged question. The Indian appropriation :
bill has been sent back from the Senate, that body j
insisting upon four of the amendments to which
the House disagreed, and disagreeing to some of
the amendments upon the part of the House. I
ask that the House insist upon its disagreement
to the Senate amendments, and insist upon its
amendments, and ask for a committee of confer-
ence.
The question was put; and the motion agreed to.
The SPEAKER thereupon appointed Mr.
Haven, Mr. Orr, and Mr. Davis, of Indiana, as
managers of the sai<J committee upon the part of :
the House. 1
GRANT OF LANDS TO OHIO.
Mr. HENN. I rise to a privileged question. !
There is a bill returned from the Senate granting !
to the Slate of Ohio the unsold lands in that State. j
The House amended the bill by substituting i
another provision. I understand it has been re-
turned from the Senate with a disagreement to
the House amendment. I move that the House
insist upon its amendment, and ask a committee
of conference.
The question was put; and the motion agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled, bills of the
following titles; which were thereupon signed by
the Speaker:
House bill to provide a more efficient discipline
for the Navy;
House bill to amend the act approved the 26'.h
of August, ]852, entitled " An act to reduce and
define the boundaries of the military reserve at
St. Peter's river, in the Territory of Minnesota,"
and for other purposes;
House resolution for the relief of purchasers
and locators of swamp and overflowed lands;
House bill for the relief of John R. Bowes,
agent in chargc of the property of the United
States at Michigan City, in the State of Indiana,
and of Isaac S. Smith, of the city of Buffalo, New
York;
House bill making appropriations for the trans-
portation of the United States mail, by ocean I
steamers and otherwise, during the fiscal yeais j,
ending the 30th of June, 1855, and the 30th of i
June,1856;
House bill for the relief of John Searie & Co.,
for extra service rendered the Post Office Depart-
ment of the United States;
Senate bill to confirm the canal selections with-
in the State of Ohio;
Senate resolution m relation to the New Orleans
custom-house;
Senate bill for the relief of the heirs of Brigadier
General Richard B. Mason;
Senate bill extending in certain cases the pro-
visions of the act entitled " An act to extend pre-
emption rights to certain land therein mentioned,"
approved March 3, 1853;
Senate bill for the relief of Charles W. Carroll;
Senate bill to amend an act to establish a land
district in the State of Florida, to be called the
District of Tampa;
Senate bill to settle certain accounts between the
United States and the State of Alabama;
Senate bill to establish the collection district of
Cape Perpetua, and Port Orford, in the Territory
of Oregon, and to fix the salaries of the officers
of the customs therein; and
Senate bill to prevent mistrials in the district and
circuit courts of the United States in certain cases.
PENSION BILLS.
Mr. HENN. I think it unfair that a part of
the States should have been called and not all of
them. I would suggest that all the States should
be called, with the understanoing that there shall
be no transfer of bills from one member to another.
[Cries of " Object!"]
Mr. HENN. If it is in order, I move to sus-
pend the rules that we may adopt that course.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, for the
reason that there is a motion now pending to
suspend the rules.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let us dis-
pose of that motion, and then adopt the suggestion
of the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It will not take two
minutes to dispose of the three bills which I desire
to present to the House. I hope they may be
taken up, without a suspension of the rules, by
unanimous consent. [Loud cries of " Agreed!"]
Senate bill for the relief of Mrs. J. Josephine
McClellan was then taken up, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PHELPS. I call for the regular order of
business. I want to get into such a posi'ion that
we may go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and finish the Army bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Hendricks] moved to suspend the rules to
enable him to take up three several bills. Whilst
that motion was pending, heappealed to the House
to allow him to introduce the bills by unanimous
consent. That has been done in reference to one
case, and the gentleman now appeals to the House
to do it in the other cases.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Well, my motion is pend-
ing to suspend the rules.
The question was taken;and the rules were sus-
pended to enable the two bills to be acted on.
Mr. HENDRICKS then reported, from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, Senate bill for
the relief of Mrs. Nancy Weatherford, widow of
Colonel William Weatherford,of the first regiment
of Illinois volunteers, in the Mexican war; and
Senate bill to continue the pension of Frances E.
Baden; the former with two immaterial amend-
ments, which were agreed to, and the latter with-
out amendment.
The bills v/ere then severally ordered to a third
reading: and were read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PH ELPS. Is it in order now to submit a
motion to so into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
CLOSE OF DEBATE OK THE ARMY APPRO-
PRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I submit that motion.
But before the question is put 1 desire to introduce
a resolution to close debate on the Army appro-
priation biii within two hours afier the committee
shall have resumed i's consideration.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 move to amend that
resolution l v making: the time thirty minutes.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I propose to amend
the amendn.cnt by making it five minute?.
The question was taken; and Mr. Taylor's
amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment, as
amended; and it was agreed to.
