1010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March I,
Mr. KE1TT. I desire to ask my friend from
Missouri to let me give notice of a motion which
I want to have entered before the House resolves
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Several Members. What is the motion ?
Mr. KEITT. It is to suspend the rules at a
particular time for the purpose of taking up Senate
bill No. 629.
Mr. HENN. I object.
Mr. CRAIGE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution,
which I think will meet no objection at all.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the House would take
up these appropriation bills to-day we could get
through them in a few hours at most.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Craige] asks the unanimous con-
sent of the House to allow him, at this time, to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved) That the usual extra compensation be paid to
the pages, folders, and such other employees who have
heretofore received the same, including the watchmen em-
ployed upon the extension of the Capitol, who have not
received the same, and who have not, and shall not here-
after receive the benefits of the joint resolution approved
July 20, i&34.
Mr. EDGERTON and others objected.
Mr. CRAIGE. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of introducing the resolution.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order,
there being a motion now pending to suspend the
rules.
^ The question recurred on Mr. Phelps's resolu-
tion as amended; and it was adopted.
The question recurring on the motion to sus-
pend the rules to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union—
Mr. HENN. 1 wish to appeal to the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Piielps] to suspend his
motion till I can submit a motion which 1 believe
the House will unanimously agree to. It is that
the Speaker may call through the States for re-
ports of committees
Mr. WALSH. We can do that to-morrow
morning.
Mr. PHELPS declined to withdraw his motion.
Mr. FAULKNER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
resolution closing debate on the Army appropria-
tion bill was adopted. I desire to say a word on
that motion.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Phelps's motion;
and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hen-
dricks in the chair.)
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The committee resumed the consideration of
the Army appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The following is the
pending amendment:
Strike out the fifth amendment of the Senate, and insert
in lieu th< reo« the following :
For repairs, preservation, and contingencies of arsenals,
$50,000; and tor continuing the construction of the arsenal
at Uemcia, California, $40,000 ■ an(j ia hereby provided
that the annual compensation of the civil superintendents
of the national armories btf $2,500, without perquisites,
allowance", or additions of any kind; and that the same
be paid out of .any money in the Treasury, not otherwise
appropriated.
Mr. FAULKNER. Mr. Chairman, I do not
know what this extraordinary action of the House
foreshadows in reference to that measure for the
increase of the Army, in which I feel so deep an
interest. But I must be permitted to express the
opinion, that the Army has not received from this
body, during the present session at least, that con-
sideration which is due to that branch of the pub-
lic service, and to the just expectations of the
country. I claim no merit for myself; but I do
assert, that the Committee on Military Affairs of
this House has honestly and faithfully discharged
the trust reposed in it. Yet, sir, from the com-
mencement of the session to the present moment,
that committee has not been able to procure the
attention of this body to one of its important
general recommendations. Whilst every interest
throughout this broad Confederacy has, to some
extent, been favored with a hearing; whilst every
other committee of this body has had more or less
of its recommendations acted upon; whilst almost
every private claim which could enlist the zeal or
sympathy of a single member, has been favor-
ably received, the appeals of the Secretary of
War, of the President of the United States, and of
the Military Committee of this House, fortified,
as they have been, by daily intelligence of the
destruction of the lives and property of our citi-
zens on the frontiers, have been unable to extort
one responsive feeling from this body.
And now, sir, when the interests of the Army
are fairly before us—not, however, through the
courtesy, justice, or patriotism of the House, but
by the action of the Senate, in appending an
amendment to the appropriation bill, a motion is
made, and carried, to close the debate in five
minutes; thus depriving that committee of all op-
portunity of vindicating measures which it has
elaborately prepared for the action of this House.
Sir, when I look back to the time which has been
consumed here in irrelevant discussion, I feel
shocked at this exhibition of false economy, which
would seek now to arrest debate at the very mo-
ment when debate is important to the country. If
this House has already lights before it sufficient
to enable it to act upon the Army bill; if you are
prepared to vote down all competing propositions,
and to give me what 1 am ready to demonstrate the
interests of the country demand, an increase of four
regiments to the regular Army, I feel no desire to
address you. But, if you have not already in your
minds fully determined upon the adoption of the
views of the Military Committee of this House,
I pronounce this close of the debate, under the
circumstances, a monstrous violation of propriety.
The condition of our frontiers demand an increase
of the Army. I am prepared to show the neces-
sity for such increase, it is called for by that de-
partment of the Governmentupon which the Con-
stitution has devolved the protection of the lives
and property of our people. And if further in-
formation is required beyond that contained in the
official communications of the Executive, I am
prepared to show, from authentic sources, facts
occurring since the date of the special message of
16th of January 
[Here the hammer fellj
The CHAIRMAN. The time for closing the
general debate upon this bill has now arrived.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I ask the
unanimous consent of the committee to allow the
gentleman from Virginia to proceed with his re-
marks.
Mr. HUNT. I hope that the committee will
grant their consent to the gentleman to continue
his remarks, as he is the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection to
the gentleman from Virginia proceeding with his
remarks?
IV?r. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand that
the House ordered the debate to be closed upon
this bill in five minutes. Can we extend the time
then ?
The CHAIRMAN. If this were a new prop-
osition, the Chair would decide, that the commit-
tee had no such power; but the Chains informed
that it has been the practice of the committee
to extend the time when unanimous consent was
given for that purpose As there seems to be no
objection, thegentlemanfromVirgmia [Mr. Faulk-
ner] will be allowed to proceed with his remarks.
Mr. FAULKNER. Mr. Chairman, I thank
the committee for the courtesy extended to me,
and 1 will now proceed to lay before it the con-
siderations which have prompted the recommend-
ation of an increase of the Army.
Ever since the close of the Mcxican war, when,
with the annexation of new territory, we acquired
so large an addition to our Indian population, we
have been more or less engaged in hostilities with
the savage tribes of the West, i have not time
to enter into any explanations of the causes of
these hostile relations; but the fact is so, and will
not be denied. Every annual communication of
President Fillmore called the attention of Congress
to the fact; and his Secretary of War, in his last
report, even recommended the total abandonment
of the Territory of New Mexico, the removal of
the whites, and payment for their property by
the Government. The present Secretary of War,
in his report of December, 1853, earnestly in-
voked the attention of Congress to the state of the
western Indian tribes, and to the causes which
tended to bring them into hostility with our citi-
zens. In his last annual report, the subject was
again brought forward, with the additional con-
siderations presented by a realization of the evils
anticipated. On the 16ch of January last, we re-
ceived a special communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States, in which it is stated,
that, since the 1st of December, " intelligence re-
ceived from officers on the frontier, and through
the Department of the Interipr, from Indian
agents and other sources, show that the Indians
of the western prairies and mountains are in hos-
tileand defiantattltude; that several of those tribes
have entered into combinations for the purpose of
making a general war upon the whites during the
approaching spring and summer; and that these
tribes can bring into the field from four to six or
eight thousand warriors." These are official an-
nunciations, made to us by that department of
the Governmentupon whicn the Constitution has
devolved the responsibility of recommending the
measures necessary for the public defense; and if
any member of this body will read the communi-
cations upon which that Executive statement is
founded, he will be satisfied that it is in no wise
magnified or exaggerated.
Do you desire any information received since
the date of that special message confirmatory of
its views ? It is here before me in a letter from the
commandant of Fort Kearney, bearing date the
24th of January last; in a letter from the Gov-
ernor of Iowa to the delegation of that Stare in
Congress, bearing date the 29ch of January, 1855;
in the letter of General Garland of the 2d of Feb-
ruary, announcing his call for five companies of
mounted volunteers, to aid the regular forces to
repel the attacks of the Indians in New Mexico.
You have it in the intelligence which has reached
us through the public papers of the murders per-
petrated in Texas, Oregon, Iowa, and at Puebla,
making in all forty-three men, women, and chil-
dren, victims of Indian barbarity, to be added to
the bloody catalogue of the past twelve months,
thus exhibiting, in one year, the appalling fact of
two hundred and eleven citizens—that we know
of—that have fallen victims to the pence wise and
life reckless policy which has characterized the
legislation of Congress. I say two hundred and
eleven whose names and fates are known, how
many, within the same time, have, unknown to
us, been waylaid and scalped in the pathless for-
est; how *nany in their toilsome journeys across
the plains, ana amidst the gorges and corbns of
the mountains have been robbed and murdered by
the same unscrupulous foes, I leave it to those
familiar with their secresy and cunning to im-
agine.
Mr. Chairman, when I read of these constantly
recurring incidents of frontier massacre, I am filled
with amazement at the apathy and indifference
which have marked the conduct of this House.
We all remember in 1846 how the murder of one
American citizen caused a thrill of horror to vibrate
from one end of this Union to the other; and here is
the murder, within twelve months, of more of our
people than fell in all the battles of the Rio Grande,
and yet this House cannot be roused to a sense of
the high and imperative duty which now devolves
upon it.
Sir, let me assure gentlemen, that the country
is now awake to the voice which is crying for re-
lief from the western frontiers, and that it will not
hold that department of the Government guiltless
which, at a time like this, shall refuse the relief so
urgently asked for. So far as the public press
may be regarded as a reflection of public senti-
ment, it is united in its patriotic appeais, and
however entitled to the applause of the country
this Congress may be for its many valuable enact-
ments, it will leave one source of merited rebuke
and disappointment, if it does not before it ad-
journs strengthen the arm of the Executive to
protect the citizen and repel Indian hostility and
aggression.
I spoke of the Press—and in this connection it
gives me pleasure to commend the elevated and
patriotic tone which the leading Whig press of the
country has assumed upon this question. It ex-
hibits a just discrimination in vindicating the Ex-
ecutive from responsibility for the recent outrages
upon our frontiers, and in casting blame where
it should justly fall—upon Congress, but more
especially upon this House of Congress*
