1355.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1011
I read the following extracts from one of the
leading Whig journals of the country:
" Tins H a serious sfite of thing??. It is not only perplex-
ing but IiiHNiiKUmir. That the Admniistiation should be
reduced to acknowledge its inability to make adequate
resistance again-1 the various b.md- of hostile savages
which are Is vies; wa*t ' ihe soil of the nation, tomahawking
its citizens, <md destroying or carrying off their property, is
a fact winch i- indeed di-gracefu!. The fault, of course,
is not ivitk the Eicvtioc, because he rnav have done, and
we are di.-po-ui to take for granted has done, all that the
mean? at liw command would admit ol. But Congress has
til us f.tr disiegaid d tin* appeals winch have been made to
it in thi^ exi/ency. and the probabilities now are that we
shall find ourselves m the mtd>t of a terrible contest witii a
most wily, vindictive, and obstinate f e, beiore we have
begun to put ours .Ives m any suitable condition for the
war. I
" The present strength of the Army is shamefully and !
dang< rou-Iy di-proporn mate to that which is required for
the pub'ie defense. The very latent official estimates ex-
hibit thi  deficiency in a mosst striking manner. There is
not a community in t!ie world, of any pretensions to politi-
cal dignity and pow< r, winch has not a more respectable
military armament. Our whole establishment is not much,
if au\, greater than that wnh which some Powers fortify
remote and pet'y colonies ; and it is illustrative of a spirit
of parsimony and a degree of folly which are eminently un-
worthy ot an extensive and enlightened State, which, m all
other icspect?, is entitled to rank among tne first-rate em-
pires of the earth.
" {Jut pride in this matter is not the consideration we
have now to do wnh in uring an increase ot our Army.
There is a war coming—a bloody and fierce war—with a
combined multitude ot sanguinary savages, infuriated bv
the rapid encroachment ot civilized settlements upon their
aboriginal and hereditary domain'?', and it ts against that ne-
cessity that we have now to prepare. We have po>rponed
preparation too long to stave off the evil, and the best that
can be done now i> to provide a* speedily as pos-ible a force
of such magnitude anu efficiency as will suffice to render
the war as shoi t and harmless a-= practicable. The delay of
Congress to act m tfus emergency is highly reprehensible,
and may Oe dejdoiullu fatal. Too much time lias already
been lo^r. Tne interest of the e iuutry can affoid 10 liave
no more careless tem,iouzi ig with danger. Let the Army
be augmented i,l once, utid oil the most liberal scale de-
manded by the exigency.'5
Sir, these are the views of the leading Whig
press of this country, so far as I have had the
means of ascertaining them, and they are views
which do honor to the patriotism and public spirit
of that party; and I trust they will not be without
their proper influence upon a Democratic Houseof
Representatives.
The absolute necessity of an increase of the
military fo:ce of this country in some form, either
of regulars or volunteers, is universally conceded.
It is conceded by the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Beaton] in the plan proposed by him of
raising eignt battalions of mounted rangers. It is
conceded by the Committee of Ways and Means
in their proposition to call out three thousand vol-
unteers. It is conceded by the Senate in the
amendment now pending before us for our adop-
tion.
If I were at liberty to prescribe a policy suited
to the present emergency, I would retain the
amendment of the Senate, which provides for an
increase of four regiments to the regular Army,
and add to that, an authority in the Executive to
call out a force not exceeding three thousand volun-
teers, if the ne^ess- ities of the country demanded it.
Mr. Mc.MULLIN. I desire to ask my colleague
a question just here
Mr. FAULKNER. I hope the question will
be brief.
Mr. McMULLIN". I understood my colleague
to say that he desires the Kouse to adopt the
amendment of the Senate, which proposes to add
four regiments to the regu'ar Army of the United
States, and that in addition to that, there ought
to be placed at the command of the Executive, if
he shall deem it necessary to use them in the
exigencies of the country, also a volunteer force.
J desire now to ask tny colleague what number of
men would be required to fill up the present exist-
ing companies ? And I desire to know whether
or not the present companies, when filled up, will
not supersede the necessity of adding the four new
regiments ?
Mr. FAULKNER. My opinion is, that the
four regiments are necessary. But I cannot, at
this time, enter into the details to which the gen-
tleman refers, but I will give him all the informa-
tion he desires during the five-minute debate.
But to proceed. I would retain the provision for
an increase of the regular Army, because I believe,
as a permanent measure of policy, it is essential
to the protection of the frontiers, and will be so
for many years to come. ! would give toth&Ex-
ecutive the authority to call forth volunteers,Tor I
have such confidence in the prudence and discre-
tion of the .Secretary of War, and so thorough a
knowledge of his views as to the expediency of
employing that description of force, that I know
he would never call out one single company, unless
the exigencies of the occasion most imperatively
required it.
But, sir, 1 do not feel at liberty to prescribe a
policy now. We have but three days of the
session left. The Senate has already acted upon
this subject, and after full and matute discussion,
it has rejected the proposition to employ volun-
teers, and h is decided in favor of an increase of
the regular Army. It is too late to enter into a
contest with the Senate now—time is too precious
and the exigency too urgent; we are driven to
the necessity of choosing between a regular or a
volunteer force—indeed, I might say, in view of
the action of the Senate, that we are driven to the
necessity of choosing between an increase of the
regular Army, or no increase of our military force
at all. The necessity for an increase of our reg-
ular military establishment is not now for the first
time brought to the attention of Congress. Nor
is the demand for it based alone upon the present
threatening character of our relations with the
Indian tribes of the West, although recent events
have stimulated that demand, and rendered more
apparent the foresight of the Executive in asking
for an additional force. Mr. Fillmore, whilst Pres-
ident, in every annual message urged the policy
upon the consideration of Congress. He saw,
from the large addition to our territory, the vast
increase of our Indian population, the extension
of our military posts, and the new routes of emi-
gration opened through the Indian country, that
an additional force was essential to the protection
of the emigrants, and our citizens living upon the
frontiers. The same appeals have been made to
Congress in every annual communication from the
present Executive. One would naturally suppose
that the opinion of General Scott would not, upon
such a subject, be without its just influence upon
this body-—especially, since it has so recently testi-
fied its sense of his exalted military genius and
character, by bestowing upon him the just and
distinguished compliment of a title never before
enjoyed m this country, except by the Father of
our Country. I extract, from his examination
before the Committee on Military Affairs on the
3d of January last, the following questions and
answers:
Question by Mr, Faulkner, chairman&f the committee:
What, in your opinion, should be the strength of the Ai my
ol the United Stales at thi^time, in view of out extensive
sua board and foreign frontier; our present and prospective
relations with the Indian tubes of the West, and the pro-
tection due to our several ioutcj of emigration.3
Jlmxt-er. The increase in the strength of the Army, as
provided form the bill submitted in the War Department,
now under co'iMderatton by the committee, f deem highly
necessary. The bill proposes that there shnH be two ad-
ditional regiments of infantry and two of cavalry. TIih is,
1 consider, the minimum tone that is essential to be added
to the Army t<> protect the frontiers against the hostilities
of Indians the pie-^erit force on the frontiers being entirely
inadequate for that purpose, fn Texas the Indian hostil-
ities have been nunc deMructive than at othei noints, prin-
cipally on aceount ot the '•mall force stationed iu thai
Country. The tioops are constantly encaged in encounfets
wnh hostile Indians-, and tti" loss of men, when j-ueoes-dul,
is always in the invei-^e latio of our inierioi number-2.
Hence the proposed increase, sim; lv in reference to Tndian
frontiets, seems to be dictated by con-ideranons both of
policy and humanity, in older that adequ no proiecuo.i may
be alFouied to our border mh iOitanis without a useless
sacrmce of our b ave detachiri'Mits
Tne increase proposed, of uvo regiments of infantry and
two of cavdry, otganized like the present forces, and
characterized by the like zeal and activity, would, in mv
opinion, give reasonable protection to our frontiers and
overland emigrants.
No fact is more susceptible of demonstration,
by the most conclusive testimony, than that most
of the outrages perpetrated by the Indians within
the last few years are attributable to the very
small force occupying our important military
posts, and to the contempt of our power, generated
in the minds of the Indian warriors by the knowl-
edge of such feeble and inefficient detachments.
There is not at any of our posts a force sufficient
for a sortie, nor is it possible for the Secretary
of War, looking to the proper distribution of our
limited Army, and with the troops now at his
disposal, to enlarge these commands. I will refer
you to the report of almost every Indian agent,
and of every officer stationed upon the frontier?,
in proof of this assertion. General Whitfield,
who was an Indian agent up to the period of his
recent election to this body as the Delegate from
! the Territory of Kansas, has presented tjiis view
i with great force in his last report, and will now,
: if necessary, sustain it upon this floor.
[ Why this seemingly unconquerable prejudice
[.against a moderate and reasonable increase of our
> Army ? Will any man assert that, with the four
1 additional regiments, it will be larger than th«
! necessities of the country demand ? What is the
present strength of our Army ? Its greatest legal
strength, as now posted on the western frontiers—
and when there posted the companies may be car-
ried up to seventy-four—is fourteen thousand two
hundred and sixteen. Its actual strength but a
little exceeds ten thousand. The history of our
own and of every army shows that there will
always be a wide difference between its legal and
its actual strength. In our country, from our rigid
adherence to law, and from the wide diffusion of
our troops over so extensive a territory, the per
centum of difference will be greater than elsewhere.
Secretary Conrad estimates the difference in our
Army from thirty to forty per centum. But this
is greater than it will be, or than should be, under
our new enlistment law. General Scott, in his
testimony before the Military committee, very
justly remarks:
"We can never bring the numbers per company (and
consequently not tho©e of the Army) up to the full extent.
If, foi instant e, the h gal complement b« ten thousand men,
we can never h ive o:i the mu-ter and pay-rolls moie than
emht thousand five hundicd. If the lean I establishment be
limit- d to twelve thousand men, ten thousand would prob-
ably be our nearest appioach. and so on.
" Under the. law. w<  never can recruit up to the maxi-
i mum, from the fcai 'hat we may exceed it. "On any given
day the Govt rmmnt muM always be mouths In hind in its
knowledge oi the deaths and desertions which have oc-
culted at all the dif-unt po^s, and with detachments of
leermts in route to join those po-ts. As we cannot assume
an averuee numbei ol' ca-ualties in advance, for they vary
exceedingly, we arc obhized to fall considerably below, la
order not to exceed the latv by a single man."
The actual strength of our Army under its pres-
ent organization, it is estimated, will never much
exceed eleven thousand. Here, then, is eleven
thousand men to be distributed overthree millions
of square miles to garrison one hundred military
I posts, to overawe and hold in suljection forty
thousand Indian warriors, to guard ten thousand
j miles of foreign and sea-board frontier, and topro-
i tect our citizens upon eight thousand milesof em*
! igrant routes through the Indian country. Will
; any man assert that this is an adequate force?
| Take a single one of the five military departments—
! that of the west—m which those combinations are
1 now forming among 'he Sioux and other kindred
■ ti ibes, threatening to commence the work of pillage
< and murder with the opening of spring. That de-
| partment embraces seven hundred and fifty-seven
j thousand ninehundred and mnety-six squaremdes;
; has an aggregate amount of sea-board, Incfian and
foreign frontier, of two thousand four hundred
miles, and two thousand miles of emigrant routes
through the Indian territory. It has in it twelve
military posts where it should have at least twenty;
and those twelve so feeble in their commands, as
to be inefficient for the purposes of protection.
That department embraces an Indian popu'ation
of one hundred and eighty thousand souls, and at
least twenty thousand (ndian warriors, armed with
our most improved rifles, and skillful in the use
of those arms; and yet the whole force which the
j Secretary of War is enabled to throw into that
; department is eighteen hundred and fifty five men
! —but one soldier to each four hundred and eight
square miles, and but one soldier to eveiy ninety-
S seven and a h tlf of the Indian population. Now,
; sir, are there no general facts and reasoning upon
; the basis of winch we can be guided in determin-
: ing what should be the strength of our Army at
1 this time ? Can no light be thrown upon this point
I by a comparison of its present force with what it
, has been at former periods of our history in times
! of profound peace ? This subject was many years
ago elaborately considered by one of the ablest
j and most accomplished minds that ever presided
j over the War Department of this country. His
! lucid and statesmanlike leasoning then made in
j opposition to a reduction of the Army, is appli-
; cable now to the increase of the Army. I quote
! from the report of Mr. Calhoun as Secretary of
' War, made to Congress on the 11th of September,
: 1818. In discussing, at that time, whit should be
• the proper strength of the A* my, he says:
" Considered a* an •">: • ginal question, it would involve in
: its diactuMon the poiiiieal iit.-M-uu.ons of the country, its
' geographical position and character, the number and dis
