1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1013
formed." It is the appropriate field for those who
make arms their profession, and who covenant
for a reward to protect the peaceful citizen from
predatory outrage and annoyance.
2. It is the cheapest and most efficient force
for the purposes for which it is wanting. Look
at the estimate of the Secretary of War for the
three thousand volunteers for a period of twelve
months. It is $3,920,485. What are his esti-
mates for the four regiments of the regular Army?
They are less by near $1,500,000. But it may be
said that these are mere paper estimates. Then I
invite your attention to an inquiry instituted by
Congress in 1838, and which was responded to by
Mr. Poinsett, then Secretary of War, presenting,
from actual data in the War Office, the compara-
tive expense of volunteers, militia, and regular
troops.. Mr. Poinsett, in his report of the 21st of
March, 1838, sums up the result of the inquiries
instituted, with these concluding remarks:
" The difference of expense between the employment of
volunteers mid legulars is, at least, as four to one, inde-
pendently of tile was', age attending their ignoianco of evoiy
arhniniMralive branch of the service, the enormous expense
of marching to and from distant points for short periods of
service, and the gieat increase thai will be made to the pen-
sion list under liio provisions of the act of the lUth ot March,
1836."
The Paymaster General, in his letter in the
same document, enlarges upon one view of the
question that is not unworthy of attention:
" There is one comparison that would place the contrast
between tile expenses of regular and irregular troops in a
much stioriger light, if I had the data to enable me to state
it m figures; that is, the comparative lo«s and distinction
of military stores and public property by the two forces.
The immense importance attached to this subject by Euro-
pean Governments, as a principal means of sustaining war,
has led to the most rigid economy, and tile stnetest account-
ability in everything connected with the mateiiel of an
army. We have profited by theircxperienee, and it is prob-
able a more perfect system of accountability is nowhere to
be found than in our little Army ; but it requires the study
of years to understand, and the exeicise ot martial law to
enlorce it. This cannot be expected of irregular troops,
that serve, at most, but a few months. As volunteers aie
frequently relieved, and their places supplied by others, it
requires a laige number to keep up a moderate lorce in the
field. This increases in propottion notonlythe travelling
and clothing expenses, but adds greatly to the pension list."
Ilalleck, an American writer, in his work on
Military Art and Science, furnishes one fact
strongly corroborative of the Paymaster's views.
He states that during our late war with Great
Britain, of less than three years' duration, two
hundred and eighty thousand muskets were lost
—average cost of which is stated at twelve dollars,
making an aggregate los3 of muskets alone of
jJ3,C60,000, resulting mainly from that neglect and
waste of public property which almost invariably
attends the movements of newly raised and inex-
perienced forces.
Secretary Spencer, in a report to Congress in
1842, says that " the expenses of the militia inva-
riably exceed those of regulars by at least three
hundred per cent."
3. I am opposed to the substitution of volun- i
teers for regulars, because it is notihe description
of force which those responsible for its employ- :
ment before the country ask for from Congress, j
Surely, if there is a point upon which the Legis- I
lature might properly defer to the Executive, it
would be as to the means and instruments to ac-
complish a given result. Sir, it may be very well
for Congress to determine whether the present ;
exigency requires any increase of our military j
force; but when we determine that it does, the i
views of the Executive as to the particular kind I
of force required, are well entitled to the respect- j
ful consideration of this body. If he osked for j
cavalry wouid you give him artillery ? If he asked |
for artillery would you give him infantry ? Why, j
sir, this would be merely sporting with the inter- 1
ests of the country, and with the dignity of Con- i
gress. It would be nothing less than mockery, j
So when he asks you for regulars, will you give
him what he does not want—volunteers? Sir, I !
fear the Secretary of War, in asking for a fish, (
would regard you as giving him a scorpion; for 1
know that it ishis deliberate opinion that the effect
ot your giving to him a volunteer force as a sub-
stitute for the regular Army, will be only to pro-
voke an interminable Indian war, without the
means of averting its disastrous consequences. I
will take the liberty here of reading an extract
from a letter, which, on the 13ih of February, he i
addressed to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. !
Phelps,] who re'uasted him to furnish an eati-;
mate of the cost of three thousand volunteers for a
period of twelve months. He says:
" [n communicating this estimate i take the liberty of
exceeding the limits of your inquiry, so far as to say, that
the substitution of a militia force for the regular force asked
for, will not, in my opinion, secure permanent peace and
good order on our frontieis, and that such a change being
against the views of this Department, tile responsibility for
the consequences will not be mine."
4. I am opposed to the substitution of volun-
teers for an increase of the regular Army, because
I believe that the present exigency requires some
action by Congress, and because the Senate has so
decisively and conclusively exhibited its determ-
ination not to employ volunteers, that a persist-
ence in demanding them would lead to tfie loss of
all increase of our military forces.
5. I prefer the regular to the volunteer force, for
it will avoid all those perplexing questions about
the respective rights of the Federal and State Gov-
ernments in the appointment of officers, about
which I know the two gentlemen from Missouri
[Messrs. Denton and Phelvs] will be unable to
agree when they come to act upon their respective
schemes of a volunteer force.
And lastly, I will express it as my deliberate
opinion, that I do not think that our relations with
the Indian tribes have reached such a point as to
justify the employment of that avenging force,
which rangers, as their duties are prescribed in
the amendment of the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Benton,] must be, and which volunteers, if
they come from the frontiers warm with resent-
ment for injuries to their persons and property,
will be. That the Indians have committed many
horrible and heart-rending atrocities within the
last twelve months, is not to be denied; and that
there is much to palliate and excuse their acts will,
I think, be admitted by aU. 1 would seek out,
demand, and punish the perpetrators of those
inhuman outrages which have so shocked the
sensibilities of the country. 1 would place a force
in the vicinity of the Indian population sufficient
to impress them with the power of this Govern-
ment, of which they seem now to be ignorant. I
would break up their combinations; I would repel
their assaults and punish their aggressions. I
would war with them, if need be, with that cool,
unimpassioned force which we may expect to find
in a well-trained, disciplined body of regulars.
But I should long hesitate before I would send
against them a force that would esteem forbear-
ance a crime and inactivity a disgrace—a force
selected from the frontiers, with their passions
kindled by a sense of injury, and who, from the
very call upon them by their country, would hold
it to be their mission to exterminate and destroy.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not intend to enter into
any analysis of the reports which have been made
by the officers of the Government who have been
engaged in the Indian country, which have ref-
erence to the subject of this amendment. I might
refer to the reports of the military officers who have
been engaged in the west of Texas. I might refer
to those who have been engaged in New Mexco,
and, indeed, to the reports of the officers engaged
upon our entire frontier, for the purposeof showing
that hostilities have existed between many of the !
Indian tribes and the whites during the last twelve
months. From the examinations I have made, I
have no doubt that as many as three hundred
citizens have been kil'ted within the last twelve
montns by the Indians, and more than sixty of
the regular forces of the country, embracing offi-
cers and men. An engagement has taken place
at Fort Laramie, some two or three engagements
have taken place in New Mexico, and engage-
ments have also taken place in the State of Texas,
besides the engagements which have taken place
upon the Pacific, between the whites and the In-
dians. By referring to a report made by Mr.
Vaughan, who is an Indian agent, and has been
stationed among the Indians on the Upper Mis-
souri and on the Platte—a man who has been in
the Indian service for many years—you will see
that he tells you that he is satisfied, from informa-
tion which he derives from the Indians, and from
those who have been with them, and know their
habits, that an Indian war is about to take place
upon the frontier, and that there is a general un-
derstanding among many of the tribes that they
shall reject all offers of presents from the Govern-
ment, take in their hands the tomahawk snd the
scalping-knife, and murder the defenseless people
who may be crossing the plains.
Mr. Chairman, I enter on the investigation of
this subjcct with some feeling. During the last
five years about thirty thousand people a year have
started from the western border of Missouri for
California and Oregon. During the same period,
many persons engaged in trade and business have
crossed the plains not only to the Territories of
New Mexico and Utah, but to the Territories of
Washington and Oregon, and the State of Cali-
fornia. Their lives and property are exposed to
the ravages of the merciless and savage Indians,
who rove the plains seeking to destroy the one
and capture the other. Everything points to the
necessity of makingprovision for the protection of
these people, and of those who live upon th 
frontier.
We have a large Indian country crossed by
several trails. One of these leads to the Territory
of Oregon, and, diverging, to the Territory of
Utah, and by the Great Salt Lake to California,
and is more than two thousand miles in length.
Then you have one still further south, leading
from Independence to theTerritory of New Mex-
ico, a distance of eight hundred and forty miles,
and on those great lines of travel there are no
■white settlements except the settlements in the
Territory of Utah. Then, sir, there is a road from
the State of Arkansas to New Mexico traveled
by emigrants to California, and persons engaged
in trade with New Mexico, eight hundred miles
in length, and the road from New Mexico to Cal-
ifornia is about eight hundred miles further.
Throughout the entire country through which
these various roads pass, there are hostile Indians,
who exhibit a disposition to prosecute their hos-
tilities during the ensuing summer. There is,
therefore, an imperative necessity upon Congress
to make some immediate provision for the protec-
tion of the people on the frontier, who are sur-
rounded by these hostile Indians.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Faulkner]
took occasion to refer to the opinion of the Sen-
ate as to the proper force to be employed for this
purpose Now, I say that the question between
a volunteer or a regular force has not been tested
in that body. It is, I know, unparliamentary to
refer to the deliberations of the other branch of
Congress. We may speak of the bills which
they may have passed, but we cannot refer to the
debate which may have taken place, nor to the
course of procedure upon propositions there pend-
ing.
But, I ask you, sir, who is to be swerved from
the path of duty by the opinion or action of Sen-
ators ? Who is willing to surrenderhis own opin-
ion to the opinions which may have been expressed
by Senators upon this subject? Have you assem-
bled here for the purpose of deliberation, or h&v#
you surrendered your right to deliberate to another
body which, under the Constitution, possesses no
more rights than you possess? I am willing to
listen to suggestions from those skilled and experi-
enced in matters pertaining to warfare, and if
they produce conviction in my mind, I am ready
to adopt those suggestions. But if not, I must
pursue that course which my judgment tells m 
is proper and right.
But the gentleman from Virginia objects to the
employment of volunteers. He says they would
enter upon thi3 campaign with an avenging spirit
and a remorseless disposition. Why did not t'n«
gentleman think of that when he was endeavoring
to introduce a bill into this House providing for
the calling out of three thousand volunteers and
five hundred friendly Indians? The gentleman
came forward here and said that he held in his
hand a bill of great public importance, to provide
for the defense of the people on the frontier in the
only way in which it could be done, and that very
bill proposed to call out three thousand volunteers
and five hundred Indians. Where then were the
gentleman's fears that volunteers would go upon
the plains with an avenging spirit!
Mr. FAULKNER. I stated in my remarks,
but a few moments since, that if I was at liberty
to prescribe a bill, 1 would, in addition to an in-
crease of four regiments to the regular Army,
place a volunteer force at the disposal of the Ex-
ecutive, to be used if the emergency demanded it,
not because I think a volunteer force the most
proper and suitable in the present condition of our
relations with the Indians, but because I thought,
when I introduced that bill, and thinlf now, that
it is a power that may be very safely confided to
