1014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
the present Secretary of War, who, I well know,
would never use the power given to him in such
a service as is now contemplated, so long as he
could dispense with volunteers with safety to the
lives of our people.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Virginia
read an extract from a letter which has been ad-
dressed to him, to show the committee what is the
opinion of the Secretary of War on this subject.
I invite the attention of the committee to the mes-
sage of the President and the opinion of the Sec-
retary of War which accompanies it, and say I
eoncur in their opinion, and believe the exigency
exists requiring the calling out of a volunteer
force.
The President of the United Stales, in inviting
the attention of Congress to the subject, says:
" I transmit herewith n letter of llie Secretary of War
upon Hie subject of Indian ho tilmes. The employment of
volunteer troops, as suggested by the Secretaiy, •seems to
nflord the only practicable means of providing lor the pres-
ent emergency."
He further remarks:
" Unless, by the plan suggested, or some other equally
effective, a force can be eatiy brought into the held, ade-
quttc to the f-uppret-Mon uf c-uj-ti.iy hostilities, tite com-
bination of predatory bands will be extended, and the diffi-
culty of restoring order and security greatly magnified."
The Secretary of War, whilst expressing a
desire for an increase of the regular Army, and
regretting that such a provision has not been made
by Congress, remarks:
" This measure, however, has not been noted on, and at
this advanced peiiod. shouldthe bills, now pendinir in Con-
gress, be passed, 16 will be l'oai.d too late to organize a
regular enlisted lorce, and place it 111 position in s.oa«on to
pievent tile anticipated attack, or to su press it until after
Hlucli mischiet shallhave been done, 'i'iie only course now
left to the Department in anticipation of the piopo„ed in-
crease, is the employ mem of a volunteer loice to cooperate
with such of the regular troops as can lie collected (or the
present emergency, and it is accordingly recommended that
authority be asked of Confess to call into service three
sboBsand mounted volunteers, to be oi^unii'.cd into compa-
nies squadron^, and battalion*, and to servo lor a peiiod of
eighteen inunths, unless sooner disehaiged."
Such is the recommendation of the Secretary of
War. Such is the recommendation of the Presi-
dent of the United States communicated to Con-
gress, and which goes among the public archives
of the country. These are not letters addressed
to an individual member of this House, as that
from which the gentleman from Viigmia has
quoted, but ar* official communications to Con-
gress.
Mr. FAULKNER, (interrupting.) The gen-
tleman will perceive that throughout the whole
of the special communication to which he refers,
the President and the Secretary of War contem-
plate the increase of the regular Army by four
additional regiments, and that they speak of this
volunteer foice as one to be used if emergencies
required ii, and to be dispensed with as soon as
the regular force can be employed.
Now, permit me to slate another fact which I
did not present when I was addressing the body,
but which it is important to stale now. This
second message was sent to Congress on the 16th
of January of this year. Congress did not take
i.etion upo,n it. But when emergencies seemeu to
vequire it, and when the Secretaiy of War found
iliat it was absolutely liecessaiy to (io so, he, in
conjunction with General Scott and other military
men, had to resort to some other means to meet
the emergency, and he took eight companies of the
sixth regiment of dragoons, and had them .-.em to
the scene where danger was anticipated. I think
that fact should be made known to thecomnnttee.
Mr. PHELPS. I refer to the opinion of the
Secretary of War, and of the President of the
United State, to prove that the emeigency had
arrived which required a force additional to the
regular Army. The Secretary of War, although
he desires to see the regular Army increased, yet
declares to you that the only way in which we
can provide for the existing emergency is by the
call for volunteers, who are to be taken into the
service of the United States for a period not
exceeding eighteen months. No other way, sir.
That is the recommendation of the Secretary of
War to meet the exigency which now exists,
and the importance of which the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Faulkner] well knows. How
does the gentleman propose to obviate this diffi-
culty? Pour weeks ago he proposed to obviate
'■or" Prec'!,e'y 'he same way as the Committee of
vvays and Means now propose to obviate it.
But now he has another proposition to present.
It is true, 1 am not so well posted in relation to
.Army affairs as it is to be presumed thegentleman
from Virginia is; but I ask him whether, at the
assembling of Congress, the Secretary of War
did not report to us that there was a deficiency of
three thousand five hundred rank and file in the
regular Army of the United States? And now
thegentleman from Virginia comes forward and
proposes, as a remedy for the protection of the
people on the frontier, that we shall organize four
additional regiments, although the regiments now
in service cannot be filled; and if these deficiencies
were filled, he would get more men than by the
bill which thegentleman himself advocates.
I am aware that this difficulty of inducing men
to enlist in the Army of the United States has
been lessened. Congress at the last session pro-
vided for an increase of the pay of the rank and
file; and since the date of the passage of that law,
enlistments in the regular Army have been pro-
gressing more rapidly than previous to that time.
But I desire to call the attention of the commit-
tee to another fact. All of the forces which are
required for the protection of the frontier may be
supplied without raisingnew regiments You may
still, with ihe regiments at present organized, in-
crease the force of the Army to four or five thou-
sand men more than the Secretary of War reported
was in the Army at the date of the last reports.
You may, therefore, provide for the additional force
of the regular Army without organizing new reg-
iments; without fastening upon the country four
regiments, which, if once fastened upon it, we
will never be able to dispense with. They will
be permanently attached to the Army, and you
never will have them disbanded.
It is proposed thus to have nineteen regiments
I in the service of the United States. 1 am aware
that among a certain class of gentlemen this in-
crease of the Army is popular, because they are
in the expectation of the promotion which it holds
out to officers. In the event of our organizing
these four regiments, perhops every captain in the
Army expects to be promoted to the'rank of a
field officer; and every first lieutenant in the Army
to the rank of captain. It is easy to be perceived,
therefore, that this amendment of the Senate has
become popular with the Army, and the proposi-
tion for volunteers as unpopular with the same
gentlemen. And in addition to this, you have
many citizens who desire to enter the Army.
Members of Congress have been beset with appli-
cations from their respective constituencies, asking
them to obtain for the applicants appointments in
the Army in the event of these four additional
regiments being organized. And I have no doubt
that if every one of these applicants was forced to
enter into the service of the country, and take his
chance of a commission, we would have a suffi-
ciently strong army to defend the people of the
frontier from all the dangers to which they are
now exposed.
According to the last report of the Secretary of
War, the Army of the United States had one com-
missioned officer for every ten persons in the
Army; and yet the gentleman from Virginia now
proposes to place on the rolls one hundred and
forty-odd more officers, to hold their commissions
forlife. In the department of the West the effec-
tive force under the command of acaptain but little
exceeds fifty men; and on the frontier it will not
average more than sixty men. And yet the com-
panies now organized would, if filled, have more
than eighty rank and file.
Mr. MKELTON. 1 want to know whether, if
the present regiments were filled up, we would
have as large an army as it is proposed to have by
the creation of these four additional regiments?
Mr, PHELPS. Larger.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Missouri if he does not know that it
is utterly impossible that every company should,
at all times, have its quota ?
Mr. PHELPS. Oh, certainly. That is a well-
known fact. This House is often times deficient
of its regular number of members.
Mr. ORR. I should like to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Missouri if the failure to fill up the
vacancies in these companies arises from the same
cause ? Is it not from the necessities of the case
that the companies have not been filled up? Is it
not a long time before the Deptutment of War
hears of the casualties ?
Mr. PHELPS. Recruits might and ought to
be sent out.
Mr. ORR. But recruiting officers must get
information of the want of recruits before they
can take steps to have men sent out.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Virginia
says he prefers regulars, because he believes that
that is the proper and constitutional manner of
suppressing these disturbances of the Indians.
Now, I suppose that the proper and constitutional
manner is by catling out either the militia or the
regular Army, or by calling out the volunteers—
for the volunteers are militia—and by enrolling
them in the service of the United States for such
period of time as the exigencies of the service may
require. His position is this: that if there is any
disturbance between the Indians and the United
States, you must increase your regular Army to
meet the exigency, and when those disturbances
shall have ceased, and peace shall have been re-
stored, then you must reduce your Army. 1 do
not believe in the doctrine which the gentleman
advocates. It is quite as constitutional to quell
these disturbances with the Indians by volunteers
as it is with regulars.
But the gentleman says that the regulars would
be more efficient than the volunteers. Now, 1
join issue with him on that. Where does he ex-
pect to enlist these men in the event of our creating
these additional regiments? 1 have heard gentle-
men declare they would go to the West and enlist
men there to serve in the Army of the United
States for five years; men accustomed to the use
of horses, and trained to fire-arms; and they de-
clared that these men would make the best soldiers
in the country. I grant you that they would make
the best soldiers in the country. But will gentle^
men from the West come here and declare on the
floor of the House how many men they expect
could be enlisted in the regular Army in their re-
spective districts?
I do not believe that in the district which I have
the honor to represent upon (his floor, you could
enlist twenty men to serve for five years in the
Army of the United States. And I ask uny gen-
tleman who represents a rural district in Missouri,
Illinois, Iowa, Arkansas, Tennessee, Kentucky,
or any other western State, how may soldiers can
be raised within the limits of his district to enter
the regular Army ? Where are they enlisted at the
present tune, and in what parts of the country do
you find the greatest enlistments? They are made
at the sea-board, and your regiments ore filled uf>
at Boston, Philadelphia, New York, Albany, Bal-
timore, and various places upon the'At/ar.lic sea-
board. Are they efficient men for service in the
Army? Most of them are men of foreign bhth,
and from countries where the use of fire-arms is
forbidden to the subjects. They are neither accus-
tomed to the management of the horse nor the use
of fire-arms, whilst the frontier man isaccustomed
to both. You want mounted troops for the ex-
pected service; men who are accustomed to the
use of horses, who can rapidly traverse the plains
and follow the Indians to the places to which they
retreat. I ask you if you can reasonably depend
upon men who are unaccustomed to the use of
horses and fire-arms for the pursuit of the In-
dians ? The frontier men are as well accustomed,
from boyhood, to the use of arms and horses, as
the best Indian riders upon the plains.
I am astonished to hear the gentleman from
Virginia assert that the regulars, compared with
volunteers, are the cheapest military force. I know
that declarations of this kind have been made, and
repeated again and again. The gentleman from
Virginia, for the purpose of sustaining his posi-
tion, referred to the report of Mr. Poinsett, former
Secretary of War, wherein he speaks of the ex-
pense of volunteers. I am ie&dyto meet the gen-
tleman upon those statistics, and I refer to the
report of General Towson, then paymaster gen-
eral, contained in the same document, who also
speaks of the expense of volunteers.
_ He remarks, whilst speaking of the compara-
tive expense of a regular and volunteer force, and
statingthe latter is more expensive than theformer:
" Tt is caused principally by expenses for traveling to and
trom the place where the services of volunteers and niiliiia
are required; to the hire, maintenance, and indemnity
lor horses; arid to ftirmt-hing Ihem a full supply of clothin 
as a bounty, without regard to length of service." 0
Will the gentleman tell me what is the expense
of transporting regulars from the East to the
