|016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
year will not do. Protection is needed against the
ravages which are expected to be perpetrated this
summer upon those who will travel upon the
plains. There will be citizens who will endeavor
to cross these plains regardless of the dangers that
beset their path.
Mr. Chairman, it is for these reasons that I feel
myself bound to sustain the amendment reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means. I believe
that the volunteers will be most efficient and the
cheapest force. When the necessity which brings
the volunteers into the service ceases they will be
discharged. Not so witff the regulars. You will
add to the annual expense of the Government by
raising the four regiments from two and a half to
three milllions. I have hurriedly presented my
opinions In behalf of my constituents I demand
protection for the people on the frontier; I de-
mand protection for the people who may cross
the plains, and if I cannot obtain that force which
I deem the best, 1 shall be constrained to vote that
which can be obtained.
Mr. BENTON remarked that we needed pro-
tection for our frontiers, and the question was
what kind of protection ? Two modes were pro-
posed: one by the Senate, to add four regiments
to the Army; the other by the Committee of Ways
and Means, to raise a volunteer force. He con-
sidered the mode proposed by the Committee of
Ways and Means as far superior to that which
had been adopted by the Senate in this bill. Vol-
unteers, in his opinion, were preferable to regulars,
as they could be raised instanter, and,- coming
from the frontiers and the West, knew how to
prosecute an Indian warfare, while regulars came
from the purlieus of cities, and were not only
worthless, but pestiferous. He held, however,
that rangers were the most suitable troops that
could be used in Indian warfare, and explained
the amendment which he had jiven notice he
would oiler, providing for the raising of eight bat-
talions of mounted rangers.
[Mr. B's remarks have been consolidated with
subsequent remarks on the same subject, on the
same day, and will appear connectedly as one
speech in the Appendix.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must state to
the gentleman from Missouri that no further de-
bate is now in order. The gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Phelps,] under instructions from the
Committee of Ways and Means, proposes to
strike out the fifth amendment of the Senate, which
is as follows:
" For arsenals, including the purchase of sites for new
arsenals in Tcxns and New Mexico, and tlie erection of
suitable magazines and oilier arM'nal building in Texas,
California, Oregon, and New Mexico, $288,175"—
and to insert in lieu thereof the following:
For repairs, preservation, and contingencies of arsenals,
$30,000.
For continuing the construction of the arsenal at Benieia,
California, §40,000.
And it is hereby provided that the annua! compensa-
tion of the civil superintendents of (he national annorio he
$2,500, without perquisites, allowances, or additions of any
kind, and that the same be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. PHELPS. Then no further amendment
is now in order.
Mr. FAULKNER. I would inquire if it is not
in order to amend at this time ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri is in the
second degree, and no further amendment is in
order.
The question was then taken on Mr. PnEi.rs's
amendment; and it was agreed to,
Mr. FAULKNER. Is it not in order now to
move to amend the amendment by adding to it?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order to amend
by adding to it, but not by striking out.
Mr. FAULKNER. I propose to amend the
amendment by adding after the words " allow-
ances of any kind, or additions of any kind," the
words " quarters excepted."
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
We have already adopted the amendment of the
Senate as amended; and though it may be, per-
haps, in order to add to it, it is not in order to
insert in it.
Mr. FAULKNER. My amendment adds to,
and perfects the section.
Mr. PHELPS. The amendment of the gentle-
man from Virginia is to insert in that amendment,
which is already adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that that
is in order.
Mr. HUNT. Insertion is addition.
Mr. FAULKNER. I merely desire to state to
the committee, Mr. Chairman, that the civil super-
intendents at these national armories have, I be-
lieve, ever since they were established, been enti-
tled to quarters. Since the military superintend-
ents were placed over them, better quarters have
been built for them on the Government property
than before existed there. Now, I ask, with what
reason can this House be called upon to declare
that the civil superintendents, recently appointed,
shall not be allowed to enjoy the use of the quar-
ters which the Government has expressly con-
structed for the use and accommodation of those
officers ?
It was said by the gentleman, [Mr. Phelps,]
the other day, that we ahould ask a merely nom-
inal rent for these quarters. Sir, I am opposed
to vesting in the Department of War any discre-
tion of the kind over the question of quarters.
No rent should be required at all. Unless this
House should fix, by its amendment, the amount
of rent which is to be paid by the superintend-
ents, it would leave it in the discretion of the
head of the Department to fix a larger or a smaller
sum, according to the will or pleasure of that offi-
cer. The buildings are there. They have been
erected by the Government on its own property,
for the use of the superintendents. They can be
used for no other purpose, public'or private. I
ask, then, with what justice could we deprive
these officers of the use of those buildings ? Or
why should they be required to pay out of the
small salary allowed them, a rent to the Govern-
ment for the occupation of them ? I say, sir, that
these quarters, or quarters of some kind, provided
by the Government, have been used by the super-
intendents ever since my first knowledge of these
establishments; and I see no reason why a civil
superintendent, placed there by the direct will and
action of Congress, should be deprived of quar-
ters erected for the express use and accommoda-
tion of those officers, which can be used for no
other public purpose, and which, since their erec-
tion, have been occupied, with higher salaries, by
the military superintendents.
Mr. PHELPS. I riae to a question of order.
I desire to know where this proposition is intended
to come in, for if it is to he inserted in the substi-
tute adopted to the Senate's amendment, I con-
ceive it is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
it is a proposition to insert; and the Chair decides
it to be in order.
Mr. DICKINSON". I desire to make an addi-
tional explanation to that made by the gentleman
from Virginia.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
speak to the proposition unless in opposition to it.
Mr. DICKINSON. Then I oppose the amend-
ment, not because I oppose the principle, but be-
cause I regard it as unnecessary in this place. I
am in favor of it; but I oppose it because I think
that the occupation of these buildings by the civil
superintendents follows as a matter of course, and
that it is, therefore, entirely unnecessary to attach
it to the amendment.
The House well knows that I have been op-
posed to the civil superintendency of these armories.
But the change has been effected; and I desire now
that the civil superintendents may have a liberal
salary. 1 desire that all the officers of these estab-
lishments shall be properly compensated. I desire
to see the armories under civil superintendency
made as effective, and, if possible, more effective,
than they were before. I wish that the men em-
ployed in all the situations there shall enjoy all
the privileges that the like officers ever have en-
joyed; and I shail, when I get the floor for that
purpose, propose to amend the bill by increasing
the compensation of these very officers, and by
placing them on the ground on which I think their
services require them to be placed.
Now, I oppose this amendment, as I have said,
because I regard it as unimportant; but if there be
any question about it, I hope the amendment will
be adopted, and that these quarters will be secured
to the superintendent.
The question was taken on Mr. Faulkner's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to amend the
amendment by adding to it either as an additional
section or in some convenient place in the bill, a
provision to authorize the President of the U ii(ed
States, by and with the advice ami consent of the
Senate, to appoint a brigadier general.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
That amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I withdraw my amend-
ment for the present, not because of the point of
order which has been made, but because I want;
to introduce it into the proper place.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman does not-
withdraw it, because it is not before the com-
mittee.
Mr. DICKINSON. I move to amend by add-
ing, at the end of the amendment, the following:
And the compensation of the superintendent's clerk to be
$1/300, without perquisites, allowances, or additions of any
kind, other than quarters, as now allowed by law.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
Theamendment proposes to change existing laws;
and it is not germane to the subject under consid-
eration. I refer to the 55th rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out of
order.
Mr. DICKINSON. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair. Can 1 not state my reasons for the
appeal ?
The CHAIRMAN. No, sir; it is not in order.
The question was taken; and the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
Mr. DICKINSON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
And that each of the other clerks In the national armories,
$1,005, without perquisites, or allowances, or additions of
any kind, oilier than the quarters now allowed bylaw.
Mr. PHELPS. The amendment is liable to
the same objection as the other amendment sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
The CHAIRMAN. The same point of order
is presented by the gentleman from Missouri, and
the Chair decides the amendment to be out of
order.
Sixth amendment of the Senate:
For surveys for military defenses of the sea and inland
frontier, $15,000.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in the amend-
ment.
Th&amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment of the Senate:
For printing a new system of light infantry and rifle tac-
tic*, to be stereotyped, with engraved plates, and for pro-
curing for distribution to the militia of the United States
books of tactical in ^ruction, including the system of regula-
tions now in course of preparation, $3JjU0U.
Mr. PHELPS. The appropnaiion here asked
is for the purpose of providing a new system of
tactics for the Army of the United States. A new-
system of tactics has been introduced at West
Point, which meets with the approval of military
men, and which is recommended by the Secretary
of War to be printed. The appropriation now
asked for is for the printing of that system of
tactics, not merely to furnish the Army, but the
militia of the country with it. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence in
the amendment.
Mr. DICKINSON. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senate:
After "jS-CO 000*' add the words "and for inventions and
improvements m machinery and arm* made by Oyrus
Buckland, tor the United States, to be paid to s-aul Buck-
land, provided he s-hall assign Ins claim to said invention*
to the United States, $15,000."
I offer this amendment for the purpose of bring-
ing the Rubject before the committee 
Mr. PR1NGLE. The amendment is clearly
not in order.
Mr. LETCHER. It is a private claim.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
amendment is rot in order.
Mr. DICKINSON. The amendment only asks
an appropriation for an invention which has been
in use for twenty-five years.
Mr. PH ELPS. There is no connection between
printing; a system of tactics and the improvement
for which the gentleman desires an appropriation.
Mr. STANTON, Gf Kentucky. I desire to
take an appeal from thedecision of the Chair, and
to state the grounds upon which I propose to take
an j 1
