1018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March I,
I may be allowed opportunity to submit a few
remaiks, I move that the latter portion* of the
amendment be stricken out. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in the amendment of the Senate, in 1852 a board
of officers was directed to assemble m the city of
Washington, for the purpose of examining claims
incurred by the battalion of troops commanded by
Colonel Fremont, in California, during the Mex-
ican war. The proposition now before the com-
mittee ?s to extend and enlarge their duties. For
this reason the committee deem it unwise to con-
tinue the labors of the board.
Again, there is another reason why the amend-
ment should notbeagreed to: We have provided,
at this Congress, for a court of claims; and what-
ever claims have not been acted on by that board,
can be preferred before this court of claims. They
will be put precisely on the same footing with
claims of other citizens. Nor am 1 prepared, sir,
to say that it is right and proper to have a board
of military offsets traveling about the country as
a court of claims for the purpose of searching out
and determining what claims exist against the
Government of the United States, and whether or
not they should be allowed. Officers of the Army
are appointed, and ought to be employed for an
entirely difft rent purpose. They are to discharge
military duties, and not to seek to usurp the posi-
tion of civilians.
In the examination of claims preferred by citi-
zens of California against the United States legal
questions muy arise, many of them of an'intncate
nature. If you wisn the claims examined, why
not. create a board of eminent civilians for that
purpose? If a proposition to create a board of
civil officers to proceed to California for the inves-
tigation of these claims were now pending in this
body, I do not think it would receive twenty votes.
The answer would at once be made by members,
let these claimants prefer their claims before the
court of claims, which has been created at the
present session of Congress.
It is proposed that these military officers shall
be taken from the military duties assigned to them,
taken from the Army, todischatge civil duties,and
there is in the amendment a provision in rega d to
their salaries. If the amendment be adopted, and
those officers repair to California, I say they will
receive for their services, during a period of one
year, about$8,000each. For mvestigatingclaims
of the value of #150,000 is this commiUee willing
to incur an expense of something like twenty per
cent? The report of the Secretary of War shows
that the amount of the claims submitted to the
board is §950,000. It was estimated at the time
by Colonti Fiemont r>nd the officers under his
command, that $700 000 would cover all claims
arising out of that military service. Under the act
of Congress, $149 000 of claims have been paid;
#8 000 additional has been allowed. Thev have
disallowed claims to the amount of $157,000; sus-
pended claims to the amount of $357,000; and
ruled out claims, as not within their jurisdiction,
to the amount of $180,000.
For these reasons ihe Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in the Sen-
ate amendment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The objection of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] repre-
senting the Committee of Ways and Means, to
this amendment of the Senate, is that there is
now a court of claims for the transaction of such
business. Then he says that the board of claims
alluded to is composed of military officers. The
late Secretary of War thought this was a business
which would be peculiarly well understood by
military men, and insisted that the board should
be composed of military men. A military board
was organized, and they have been at work for
some three years. They have already investigated,
in whole or in part, nearly all of theclass of cases
submitted for their adjudication. Many cases
have been disposed of while still a number of
claims have been suspended for the want of satis-
factory evidence. Under this bill there are, in all
probability, some $400,000 of claims yet to be
investigated. These military officers say that the
trouble with them is that they are dependent on
ex parte testimony; that they have to rely on affi-
davits and depositions taken by the claimants m
California; and that it would be a matter of econ-
omy to the Government if they were enabled to go
and inquire into all the merits of the claims, the
then condition of the country, the value of various
commodities,^. I think that it would be economi-
cal to the Government to continue this boaid,and
send them, as desired, to California. I believe it
would be a saving of at least #200,000 to the Gov-
ernment.
It was with a view to economy that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs of the Senate proposed
the amendment. It was as a matter of economy
to the Government, as well as of justice to the
claimants, that the Senate adopted it. I can see
no objection to the amendment, and 1 hope it will
be concurred in. I see no objection to this board
being a military board. The claims are claims
growing out of the movements of Colonel Fre-
mont at the head of liis battalion daring the war
in California.
Now, sir, as to the competency of a military
board, and as to the propriety of a military board
for this particular duty, it is my opinion that
military officers are peculiarly fitted for such a
commission; but, sir, whether a civil or military
commission would have been the best is not the
question. The fact that this military board has
been constituted, and has been in existence for
three years, and the fact that they have had
before them the greater portion of the claims that
are to be adjudicated upon, and understand them;
that they have already applied most of the labor
necessary to a full discharge of their duties, these
considerations aie sufficient, in my opinion, to
justify a continuance of the present board.
And, sir, this amendment of the Senate only
provides for one additional class of claims other
than those provided for in the act originally con-
stituting this board, which is for property destroyed
by our troops in the course of the war, or de-
stroyed by reason of its use for Government pur-
poses. Sir, the residence of one of our largest
proprietors was taken and occupied by the Govern-
ment troops as a fortification. A battle was fought
there. The place was taken by the enemy, and
was burned. I ask the committee whether a case
like this should not be provided for? The addb
tional claims provided for by this bill are of the
same description. They are just claims against
the Government, and justice requires that the
amendment should pass.
Mr. WALSH. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from California whether, as this board
was originally constituted a military board, and
as such, have become acquainted with most of the
claims that are adjudicated upon, and inasmuch
as these claims arose under military auspices, it
would not, for this reason, be proper that they
should be acted upon now by a military board ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Certainly. And further
than this, 1 will state that the board was made a
military board, because it was insisted upon by
the then Department that military officers would
be required to understand the business to be
brought before the board.
Mr. PHELP3. If there be no objection 1 will
withdraw my amendment.
There being no objection the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. LATHAM. To enable me to submit a
few remarks, I move to amend the Senate amend-
ment by striking out, in the twenty-sixth line,
Thequestion which thecommitteehave
to decide is, simply, whether this board shall be
discontinued, and the parties who are interested
in claims which have not been adjudicated shall
have their claims decided by the board of claims
which has recently been created by an act of Con-
gress, or whether the military board shall be con-
tinued until they have decided finally upon the
claims, mostof which havealready been submitted
to them. That is thequestion embodied in this
amendment of the Senate. * Now, sir, this board,
if they are continued, are to have under their
jurisdiction, as has been correctly stated by the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] claims
which arose under Fremont's battalion. If the
motion prevails which is insisted upon by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, the result will be that
those claims will have to be acted upon by persons
entirely unacquainted with them.
I repeat, that these claims have been, for the
most part, preferred before this board, and that,
if you refuse to concur in the Senate amendment,
you wiil transfer these claims from the jurisdiction
of men who understand them perfectly to those
who are unacquainted with the sams.
It has been stated here that this board would
probably have to adjudicate upon, claims to,the
amount cf #100,000." Sir, thev will adjudicate
upon claims to the amount of #400,000 or #500,000,
and most of them claims which have been before
this board, but upon which they have failed to act
for want of evidence.
But, again: It is absolutely impossible for this
board to act understanding^ upon these claims
as they are now constituted, from the fact, as my
colleague [Mr. McDoijgall] has stated, that the
evidence is entirely ex parte, and they can form
no idea of the charges that are made, except from
the evidence before them. Now, I ask if it is not
the most proper place to adjudicate upon these
claims where they originated; to wit: in the State
of California ?
Sir, I thinkthis amendment of the Senate ought
to pass. It is simply to provide that the claims
shall be decided upon in the locality where they
originated, and that witnesses who were cogni-
zant of the facts connected with the claims may be
subpenaed, and compelled to attend and to testify
in reference to them. I have no hesitation in say-
ing that if the recommendation of the Committee of
Ways and Means is not followed by the House,
and that if the amendment of the Senate is con-
curred in, that it will save to the Government not
less than #100,000.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from California
states that it is necessary to extend this commis-
sion in order that they may adjudicate upon claims
that have been regularly preferred before them,
Mr. McDOUGALL. The gentleman is mis-
taken. I said, in order that they may act upon
claims that have been irregularly preferred before
them.
Mr PHELPS. I then misunderstood the gen-
tleman, and I stand corrected.
Mr. Chairman, when this board was established
it was for the purpose of examining into, and ad-
judicating upon, all claims that were brought before
them, on account of supplies which were taken or
were furnished toFienont's battalion, and that
was as far as it extended. That was the only
class of claims they were to consider. But, sir,
it is now proposed to enlarge the sphere of the
duties of this board, and allow them to adjudicate
upon another class of claims. And upon what?
The Senate amendment proposes that
" Tn addition to the powers and duties already conferred
upon it, to extend its examinations to claims arising from
the destruction of property by the troops serving under the
command of Lieutenant Colonel John C. Fremont, m Cal-
ifornia, in the years 1846 and 1847, by his orders, as well as
for the destruction of property by the enemy, caused by the
occupancy of the claimants' premises by the said United
States troops.5>
This board are to examine into any claims for
property destroyed by order of Colonel Fiemont,
and these claims, if they are allowed, are to be
paid out of the National Treasury. If they are
empowered to examine into these claims, of course
it is expected that they shall report, and thatthey
shall report favorably for action thereon. And if
they report favorably, as a matter of course, they
are to be paid out of the National Treasury—claims
for property destroyed by Colonel Fiemont in in-
vading the enemy's Territory.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understand that Col-
onel Fremont's troops destroyed property belong-
ing to an enemy.
Mr. PHELPS. California was then in the pos-
session of the enemy.
Mr. McDOUGALL. California was precari-
ously situated. She had been in a state of revo-
lution for a long time. Most of the inhabitants
had become Americans and were the friends of
the United States.
Mr. PHELPS. I would with great pleasure
indulge the gentleman from California, but I have
not time enough.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LATHAM. 1 withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand that
the question is now upon the amendment of the
Senate.
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SMITH. I propose to make a few remarks
upon this subject. I am sorry 1 havenot time to
speak more at length.
Mr. PHELPS. Propose an amendment.
Mr. SMI FH. I am speaking in favor of the
Senate amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman pro-
