1024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1.
The CHAIRMAN. No.
[Ilf-rf Mr. Hendricks resumed the chair.]
Mr. BLSSS. 1 will state, for the information
of ihe committee, that an appropriation has al-
ready been made, and placed under 'he comrol of
the public authorities, for the purpose of purchas-
ing these arms to introduce into the Army. Sir,
it is utterly "impossible that I should, in the five
minutes allowed me, discuss the merits of the in-
strument called Sharp's r;fle. But 1 have here
letters, some of tuem of an official character, which
I will ask the Clerk to read, and which represent
the merits of Sharp's rifle or carbine—for they are
but modifications of the same arm; and I think
that these letters will satisfy every gentleman that
it would be of the highest possible economy on
the part of the. Government to purchase that arm,
on account of its extreme efficiency, and to place
it in the hands of all your citizens who are re-
quired to <lo battle. 1 ask that these letters be
read.
The following letters were then read:
Washington City, June 19, 18"4.
In rep'y to your requpci, ihat l would <?iv« m writmithe
opinion I have formed after Using your Sharp'* I
have jo <av, that, hi tnv journey last winter to Calif >rina, i
took with me two <>f thorn—one deigned for u-?e on horse-
back. and one fur my own u-e, of the usual western nfie
ienixtli and .voighl. I found it the most convenient gun I
had ever u>ed, r< quninjj milyca e to keep it dry. 1 had
wail me a pany of Delaware Indians, who veiy much ad
mired the rifle, and pieferred H to any thing they had ever
seen.
On an occasion of emergency, when the party was re-
duced to starvation, I offered one of your rifl s as a prize to
the LMawnrti who should kill the fattest deer—and if was
consider- d l>y th m jh a prize to he struggled for. They
are practical judges of what is a good rifle, and opposed
to any innovation, so that their judgment carries weight.
Very respectfully yours, J. C. FREMONT.
I have used Sharp*-? lifle over my mail route between
Independence, in Mwsouri, and Salt Lake Guy, Utah, and
have foti u1 it ever laithtul, whether u ed against hostile
I .dun , or deer, or huffiio. It is easily kept in repair, will
fire ten limes a minute, and bring* down whatever it is
aimed ai, even at a distance of four hundred vard*. It is
tlx; greatest weapon extant, ?o far as my experience and
knowledgeexte'id. Truly \our«8,
WM. M. b\ MAGRAW, Mail contractor.
Washington, January, 1855.
In answer to your inquiries relative to Sharp's rifle, ai.d
«iy experience with it. I take gr« at plea^ine in bearing
testimony lo in great value and u?-c. Upon two expedition^
across the eontim nt to ('ahiornia I have u- ed it. The last
year in a party of twenty five men, ten were armed wnh
Sharp's rifle, having the Maynard primer.
J h ft 5*au Antouo, Textw, first January, and reached
San Diego on tin* I'acifie coast in Jun«—having had th- 
above tea rifl.1? in active use the whole time in the Held;
no injury occurred Imi to one, winch, Jrom some delect in
the material, the hammer hrokc. They pa- sed through
wet weaiher and dry; were u>ed for purpo-e-s of killing
game, as well ri-s l-r our deieiir-e, wnh groat success.; a
number of the men w« r< old fionncr-- men am) hunteis,
1>r« lerung them to any rifle ihey had ever u^ed. With the
ten men armed wnh tins rifi;- (Snarp shooters) we tek
equal to thir v having the ordinary rifle. Th>> simplicity
ol the mm enabled our men l<  understand it af a glance;
ami tliey h came expert in its u.-e almost immediately,
load'iuj and finm; wuh great accuracy and rapidity. We
kill' <1 game at four hundr< d and fitiy >ard  wnh them.
Another important feature in it< lavor was (he cieatcon-
fidence it seemed to inspire the men with, in regard to their
strength and power to defend themselves against superior i
numbers. Willi only ten men, a colored servant, and !
Mexican arrierro, I kept at bay one hundred and forty i
Apache warriors, all tully arm d, and just on the eve of an j
attack upon Gov< rnor Gandara's ranch m Sonora. Wc 1
parsed through them without loss, although they witched I
every chance to attack and defeat us. I look upon ir as far j
the best rifle, and the only proper one for mouen d m< n, ;
that I have ever seen u-ed. Against Indians, or oitierUos- j
tile bodies, wuh Colt's tevolver for a side we.ipon, it i* \
most destructive. Any further inlormatton respecting it,
1 will he happy to e ve you, as far aa my exp-*rie<(ce noes.
Very respectfully, youis, A. B. GRAY.
Fin : I have used Sharp's rifle for some time, as a defense
of the Umi« d Stares mail between Independence, Missouri, ;
and Santa 1 believe it the best arm tor use on the 1
plains now in existence, carrying, wuh great predion and !
fotee, from tour t > -iv hundred yards They are not li ib!e j
to get our of repair, and, in the hands of one skilled in their j
use, can be di^charued as olten a< ten tunes per minute. |
I have frequently killed deer, antelope, aid butfdlo, with i
tin m at a distance of over four hundred ya d«.
Yours veiy respectfully, &c, J ACOB HALL.
San Antonio, Texas, Feb'tiary 10, 1S55.
It afford-* me great pleasure to beir testimony, as I do,
from actual observation and experience, to the merits and :
practical worth of Sharp's patent r.fle. (have carried and i
us« d it tor some two year*, during a part o' the time over [
mv mail rou'e from San Antonio to Sant i F6. i i NewMex i
ico, and have, on all occasions, found ir reliable, certain, !
and Miperior in execution to any other rifle I have u-ed or !
seen It has proved a savior to me and my men, wnen !
any other species of fire-arms, as I feel assured, would \
have been of no service. The sight of it, or the knowledge j
that you or your parry are armed with that far reaching and
fatal weapon, intimidates and disheartens your enemies.
But if they do recklessly rush up to the scratch, they soon
find the terrible execution ii will tff< ct.
As for killing of deer, buffalo, bears, &c., &c., I w>N pit
the Sharp rifle against all o.her shooting instruments that
have yet been invented and brought into use. I t ustihe
Government will take care that all its troops and forces on
the frontier will be provided with a full supply of that most
useful and fatthfui weapon.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
G. H. GIDDINGS,
Mail contractor on route from San Antonio, Texas,
to Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Las Lunas, New Mexico, March 18,1854.
Sir: I haVehad five of Sharp's carbines on hand for six
months, and have endeavored to test them, bosh in the field
and garrison, and am satisfied that they a«e superior to any
fire-arm yet furnished the dragoons. But twenty have been
brought to the department, as yet, and I cannot learn that
they have estimated lor any more. It would add to the
efficiency of my company, if I could receivc a fu'l comple-
ment of these carbines. (Should ihis not be judged advisa
ble, 1 would ask for twenty rive. A much larger detachment
than twenty five men could hardly expect to bo engaged in
any seiious affair with Indians in this country.
1 should think that tweniy-five or thirty of Sharp's car-
bines in skillful hands would be equal to any emergency
likely to arise.
I have tound the " Maynard primer" to fail so often, that
time is saved by using the ordinary percussion cap.
My experience with Sharp's carbine does not authorize
the s-uggesti n of any alieranon, except that, lor accurate
firing, it should be easier on the trigger.
In ihe above, I speak of the '• Maynard primer'' as ap
plied to Sharp's carbine of 1848, the kind I have.
Nor do I make any comparison betweeu Sharp's carbine
and his rifle. The latter I have not seen, but aut told is
bettei, unless it be too heavy, ior dragoons.
Of course, any improvement that may have been made in
this arm could be advantageously applied to those *ent here.
Respectlully, R. S. EWELL.
Captain First Dragoons.
Colonel H. K. Oraio,
Ordnance Department} United States Army.
Washington, D. C., June 26, 1854.
Sir: The Sharp nil' is.«ued by you for the service of
the exploration under my charge, proved an excellent and
reliable arm. It can bo u ed on horseback at full speed
It was much sought after both by the enlisted men and
employees of the exploration, and not the slightest dfhculty
was experienced to learn the use of it. I took much pains
to show ir to the Indians, and especially to the BU.ckfeet
Indians; and 1 was of opinion that even the limited number
in our hands served to increase our numbers, with these
experienced htmter3 and warriors.
The Maynard primer issued to us were almost entirely
worthless; a.id unless they were of very interior quality,
or unless great improvements can be made m them, our
experience is that they are entirely unreliable.
Truly, your obedient servant,
ISAAC D. STEVENS.
Colonel H. K. Craig, Colonel of Ordnance.
Washington, March 1,1855.
Sir: I have been acquainted and used Sharp's breach-
loading nfle for the last tlnee years, and cheerfully say that
I give it the preference to any gun I have ever u ed, and
consider it the be*t arm in existence.
Respectlully, &c., H. L. KINNEY.
Mr. HIBBARD. I rise toaquestion of order.
I submit that this amendment is not in order, as
it proposes to change existing Jaw.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Hendricks in the
chair.) The Chair underst-uids that the gentleman
who occupied the chair a few moments ago, [Mr.
Jones, of Tennessee,] decided this amendment to
be in order; and relying, as 1 do, confidently on his
judgment, 1 will decide so.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I am entirely opposed
to special legislation for the benefit of patentees.
We have seen enough of it already at this session.
I am disposed to leave this subject to the Secretary
of War, and to the officers of the Army and Navy
of the United States. There the matter should be
leff. It may be safely and properly left there. I
raiae no question as to the value of this arm. )t
may be superior to all other arms of the kind. If
eo, sir, the Secretary of War will have power to
test its use in the organization of these new regi-
ments. Armories are now in operation for the
manufacture of this article for the Government;
and its value can be tested.
Mr. FAULKNER. Will the gentleman from
New Jersey permit me to state one fact in relation
to 'his matter?
Mr. PENNINGTON. Certainly.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentieman from Ohio
[Mr. BlissJ has the floor.
Mr. F AULKNER. There is a fact to which I
wish to call the attention of the gentleman from
New Jersey, that an appropriation was made at
the last Congress for the purpose of testing ex-
periments with different guns.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I was about to allude
to the fact, that the Secretary of War, under an
appropriation made at the last Congress, has been
making experiments, and I understand that the
Perry arm has so far received the approbation of
the ordnance corps over the Sharp arm, which is
a competitor with it.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I do not like to con-
sume the time of the committee 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted upon
the amendment.
Mr. LANE. I rise, if it is in order, to mo?o
an amendment to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment to the
amendment would not be in order at this time.
The question now pending is upon ihe amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bliss ]
Mr. BLISS. I think that I am entitled, by my
non-intrustonupon the time of this floor, or, as my
fiiend near me suggests, by my modesty, to five"
minutes more time to expiess a few facts that I
know about this matter, and to make a few ex-
planations. Will the committee give me the nme?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the rules a e to
be suspended continually, we will never get this
bill out of the committee. I object to any person
speaking: contrary to the rules.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will enforce
the rules.
Mr. BLISS. I ask for tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. HIBBARD. I move to increase the sum
proposed by the Senate's amendment $1,000. It
is evident, sir, that the condition of affairs upon
the frontiers imperatively requires an increase of
the military force. Our Territories have been
invaded, the lives and property of our citizens
have been destroyed, and greater and still more
nuiner >usand formidable combinations of the sav-
ages are now gathering, with hostile intent, upon
our borders. In this sta e of things I am for
vigorous measures of defense, i am inclined to
support the Senate's amendment in preference to
either of the other propositions, because itappears
to me the irion efFective one upon which it will be
found practicable at this time for both Houses to
agree. I hope, sir, it will be adopted. But I do
not propose now to discuss the respective merits
of these different propositions.
The gentleman from Missouri, sir, [Mr. Ben-
ton,] has alluded to several massacres committed
upon our troops by the Indians, irt which I under-
stood him to express the opinion that our people
.were in the wrong, and that the massacres have
been caused by their misconduct. Among them
the gentleman mentioned the recent slaughter of
our troops by the Sioux, at Fort Laramie. Mr.
Chairman, the information which I have upon
this subject has led me to an entirely different con-
clusion. Lieutenant Gcattan and his command
were destroyed by the savages without adequate
provocation, in the attempt to execute theoraerof
his superior, in the plain path of a rightful duty.
I regard it, sir, as an unprovoked and fienaish out-
rage, which we are called upon to avenge. The
recurrence of which weshould take vigorous meas-
ures to prevent in the future,
The facta of the affair I understand, from papers
in the War Department, to be these: A party of
emigrants was passing in the neighborhood of
Fort Laramie, where about fiffeen hundred .Sioux
Indians were encamped. The Indians having
killed one of the em'grants* cattle, one of the head
chiefs, and, I believe, the principal chief of the
Sioux, called "The Bear," went to the fort,
reported the fact to the commandant, Lieutenant
Herring, and proposed that if he would send a
detachment of troops to the Indian camp for the
offender, be should he delivered up. Lieutenant
Grattan was accordingly sent, wilh a party of
twenty-nine men, to the Indian camp, to lak- the
offender. He declined to go, and the Indiana
refused to give him up. Lieutenant Gratran per-
sisting in his demand, a collision en-ued, in the
course of which Lieutenant G , and all his party
but one, were killed upon the s">ot. One man
escaped, severely wounded, and died of1ii-< w«mr,ds
at the fort a few days afterwards. 8o tar, I
believe, the facts are undisputed and indis uui- If.
I he lieutenant and his party were slaughtered in
an honest endeavor to execute an order of his
superior, in the way of legitimate duty. He fell
