1026
THE CONGRESSONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
On the 13th of November last, five of the Sioux,
brothers and nephews of the Bear Chief, who
was mortally wounded on the 39th of August, in
the affair at Laramie, attacked and killed the three
mail carriers, and wounded Mr. Kmcaid, who
was traveling in their company from Salt Lake.
This massacre was committed in revenge for the
death of the Bear Chief. 1 have recently received
a letter from Mr. Ward, who resides near Lara-
mie, inclosing a statement of two of the Sioux
chiefs, and detailing the circumstances of the
murder of the mail party. The chiefs state that
they are willing to surrender the murderers. I
have no doubt that the chiefs are now sincere, but
I believe that the murderers will not be surren-
dered unless a respectable military force should be
sent into the country.
There are other Indians that have stolen prop-
erty and committed murders on the Oregon road
during the emigrant season. Early in the spring
the Puncas come down to the North Platte, and es-
tablish themselves for the purpose of exacting toll
from the emigrants and stealing their property.
Several skirmishes took place last summer between
them and the whites, in which several on both
sides were shot. Many horaea and mules were
lost to the emigrants by the depredations of this
tribe. I learned from an old Indian agent, who
had been traveling among them last summer, that
when they returned from their marauding expedi-
tion, they brought with them over one hundred
horses and mules.
The Pawnees, who inhabit the country on the
south side of Platte river, are such old and hard-
ened offenders, and their numerous depredations
so well known, that 1 do not deem it necessary to
do more than mention them in tins connection.
During the Rpring and summer i' is almost itnpos- i
sible to take up a western paper that does not con- :
tain some account of the thefts and robberies ;
committed by this treacherous, lawless, and ma- j
raudmg band. As these Indians infest the great -
emigrant road to Oiegon, and render it extremely !
unsafe, it seems to me that the Government should s
lose no time in stationing a force of three or four
hundred men at Fort Kearny, to overawe and
punish the.se savage highwaymen; and afford pro-
tection to the lives and property of the emigrants.
Sir, the great question which this Government
must soon decide with respect to the Indians of
the plains, is, what is to be done with them ? The
tide of civilization rolling resistlessly onward, is
driving them further and further towards those
vast, sterile wastes which separate the eastern
and western slopes of the continent. Hitherto the
Indian has depended for subsistence mainly upon !
the buffalo, which, in countless herds, roamed j
over the vast plains between the Mismhui liver I
and the Rocky mountains. J>ut, these herds are !
seen no more, or in greatly diminished numbers, 1
and soon this noble animal, so long the pude of j
the prairies, will have ceased to exist. What, j
then, becomes of the Indian, when, pressed by j
hunger, and no longer able to subsist on the l uf- I
falo, he is driven to the dreadful alternative of j
starvation or robbery? Can any one doubt that j
their depredations on the whites will increase until i
both races, exasperated by mutual injuries, shall j
wage against each other a war of extermination? I
To avert this direful calamity, which, from the '
great superiority of the whites in numbers and j
discipline, must necessarily result in the extinction j
of the Indian race, what course shall the Govern- j
ment pursue? Shall it provide the means of i(
sistence which nature seems about to deny them ? .■
Shall it permit them to continue in their present
barbarous state, or attempt to reclaim and teach !
them the arts of civilized life? These are ques-
tions which I leave to tiie statesman and phiian- j
thropist. I confess myself unable to arrive at a i
satisfactory solution. j
In this connection, it may not be inappropriate i
that I should say a word in relation to the policy
of the Government of paying the Indians annui-
ties in money. Observations of the prodigal and
wasteful habits of the Indians, have convinced me
that these annuities are attended with no benefit to
either party, the giverorreceiver; on the contrary,
the Indians regard these bounties as an annual
stipend paid to them to appease their anger, and
prevent them from exterminating the whites,
which, in their rude simplicity, they imagine they
P°wer to do. Tell them of the power of
the Government—of the number of soldiers which
their Great Father can send against them—and
they will laugh derisively, telling you they have
heard such talk before. The meagerness of the
force usually employed by the Government on the
frontier, the frequent threats (never executed)
with which they are so familiar, the late unfortu-
nate affair at Fort Laramie, have powerfully con-
tributed to deepen this feeling of contempt for our
supposed weakness, while their ideas of their
own prowess and invincibility have, by the same
causes, been proportionably heightened.
My own opinion of what should be the policy
of the Government at this time is, that a force
should be sent into the Indian country sufficient
to overawe them, and prevent a bloody and ex-
pensive war. While, for the purpose of vindi-
cating the truth of history, I have shown that the
massacre at Fort Laramie was unpremeditated,
yet I believe the exasperation growing out of that
affair, and other collisions to which I have re-
ferred, renders a general outbreak very probable,
unless the Government take proper precautions to
avert it. 1 do not advocate a war of extermina-
tion. I do not say that there should be any war.
But I do say that something must be done to avert
it. I have been taught to believe that, in the
treatment of disorders of the body, "an ounce of
prevention is worth a pound of cure." Apply
this maxim in the management of our Indian
affairs, and all will be well, Disregard it, and I
fear that thousands of lives, and millions of money,
must be the penalty we must pay for our culpable
and suicidal apathy.
Mr. HIBBARD. Mr. Chairman, I do not
deem it necessary to enter into a controversy with
the gentleman from Kansas about the matters
stated in his report, which I have not had an op-
portunity to read. The gentleman not having
been present at the scene of these occurrences at
the time, made Ins report upon such statements us
were given to him by others, and which he doubt-
less believed to be correct. It is true, as the gen-
tleman states, that Lieutenant Grattan had with
him an intoxicated interpreter, who was obnoxious
to the Indians, and who conducted towards them
in an irritating manner on this occasion. The
evidence of some of the military officers substan-
tiates that fact. I do not understand the gentleman
from Kansas to allege any other act of provocation
on the part of Lieutenant Grattan or his party.
Did that, sir, justify the conduct of the Indians?
They knew this interpreter, and his character
well. They knew that Lieutenant Grattan and
his company were not responsible for his language.
Besides, it appears that Grattan desired to change
his interpreter, and proposed to Bordeau to go m
his place, but Bordeau declined, saying, in ad-
vance, that "those white men were iroin"* to be
killed."
I propose, sir, to read a letter from Colonel
Steptoe, who was in the neighborhood at the time,
who took pains to ascertain all the facts, whose
character as an officer and as a man is so well and
so favorably known as to need no eulogy from me.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What ia the,
amendment under consideration ?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is to de-
crease the number of regiments from four to one.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Is this discussion in
order on that amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. This discussion com-
menced before the present occupant of the Chair
took his seat this evening. In his judgment it is
not in order to go so much into deLul in reference
to the Indian wars.
Mr. HIBBARD. I submit that my remarks
are pertinent to that amendment; besides, this dis-
cussion has already been begun and continued at
length.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will allow the
gentleman from New Hampshire to reply, if the
point of order be not insisted upon.
Mr. HIBBARD. I will now read Colonel Step-
toe's letter.
Mr. TWEED. I object.
Mr. HIBBARD. My remarks are in order,
as showing the necessity for a greater force on the
frontiers than the amendment proposes. Here is
the letter of Colonel Steptoe:
Great Salt Lake City, Utah, >
September 29, 1854. \
My dear General: During the past week, contradic-
tory rumors ol some difficulty between the Indians and the
troops at Port Laramie were rife here; but it was only upon
the arrival of the iftail yesterday that the facts coaid he
ascertained. These rumors kept me in most painful sus-
pense, which was only removed tiy the cheering assurance
of a gentleman there, that the surviving garrison is prepared
and able to defend itself m any further emergency.
Hearing it whispered about that the difficulty was occa-
sioned entirely by the rashness of Lieutenant Grattan, I
think it due to the memory of that young officer that you
shall be thoroughly informed as to the facts, and therefore
take the liberty of extracting from a private letter just re-
ceived.
Mr. J. H. Reid, a gentleman who accompanied my com-
mand as far as Fort Laramie, where he remained sicfe,
writes:
"Thebest authenticated account seems to he, that Mr.
Grattan, expecting to get the Indian without any trouble,
went into the midst of the Indian village with his men and
pieces. *He could not well have avoided this, as the lodges
covered a space of three miles. The chief of the Brulies,
amongst whom the offender was staying, went with Mr.
Grattan to the man, and he refused to go, saying,1 he had
two guns aBd plenty of arrows, and would fight.' About
tiie tune that Grattan regained his command, this Indian
fired; Grattan then ordered his musketry to fire. The
Indians, who had gathered about lam, to the number of
fifteen hundred, perhaps, fell flat on their faces, and the
balls passed over, as did also the whole charge of the
pieces, which were fired immediately afterwards. Tile
whole party was then destroyed^ before either the cannon or
the mufkets could be reloaded. They were all kilted with
knives and arrows. Lieutenant Grattan had dismounted,
and given his horse to one of the men, while he worked as
gunner, and was found where he fell, by the side of his
piece."
This statement shows that Lieutenant Grattan did not
take the initiative ; and it goes to confirm my opinion, thai
the attack upon the troops was part of a deliberate plan.
Why the attack was not followed by one upon the fort I do>
not know.
Mr. iieid inveighs severely against the traders, a number
of whom were in the vicinity. He asserts that they behaved
m a dastardly manner, fleeing from their stone and adobe
houses, which could have been easily defended, and not
even stopping at the fort to giveanformation lhatafightha*!
taken place.
My oniy purpose in troubling and intruding upon you
with this letter, is to throw a little light upon the matter it*
jus ice to Mr. Grattan.
J have the honor to be, General, very truly, your friend,
J2. J. STJ3PTOE-
General Davis, Washington, D. C.
To show that the massacre was probably pre-
concerted, I will react an extract from a letter from
Mr. McGraw, who was in the vicinity of the fort
at the time of the difficulty. He is now in thia
city, and his character will be vouched for by all
who know him:
" Such being the state of feeling on the part of these In-
dian, and such their desire of vengeance against the foree^
stationed at Laramie, it is easy to conceive, and such, in-
deed, is the fact, that they resorted to false pretenses for
the purpose of luring the detachment of troops into their
power. They had no intention of surrendering anv one ©f
their men into the hando of the United States, and they had
made ample preparation for the massacre which ensued.
An evidence of this is the fact that they had removed their
women arid children to the cotton wood, six or seven miles
distant, and that they were m a state of complete readiness
for action. When Lieutenant Grattan found that he had
been trifled with, and that there was no intent/on of giving
up the Indian he went to receive, he thought he had gorre
too far to retire without an assertion of the dignity of the
Government. He, therefore, in the hope of intimidating l!*e
Indians into a compliance with his demand, Jired two field
pieces into the tops of their lodges, doing no injury to any
one. Tins was instantly followed bv a flight of arrows,
which struck down all of the party except five, as is sup-
posed, before preparation for firing in return had been made*
and before ihc dariscr had been perceived. Some of the
troops—how many is not known—tired upon the Indians, and
out* chief leceived three wounds; but whether they were
all lnflicred by gun shots, or some of them by the arrows of
me Indian?, is uncertain. The whole was the work of an
instant. Most of tiie slain received many wounds, and.
Lieutenant Grattan had no less than twenty-four. The
whole party was scalped; those who wore beards had their
chins scalped, and the bodies w« re otherwise horribly mu-
tdated. These barbarous and wanton atrocities give a flat
contradiction to the pretense set up on behalf of these
Indians, that they were acting in self-defense, and sought
to avoid the conflict. Further proof, if it were needed,
may be found in the fact that, when the affair was over,
they retired to a trading post in the neighborhood of the
disaster, and there, flourishing the trophies of their victory,
boasted that they had been lied to and deceived ; that they
had been told that one soldier could kill ten Indians; but
now it was seen that one Indian could lull ten soldiers;
and that the big guns were no account."
I have heard, not without surprise, expressions
that have fallen from honorable gentlemen this
evening. I am sure, sir, their own cooler judg-
ments would not approve them. I knew Lieuten-
ant Grattan well. He was a citizen of my State,
my constituent, and my neighbor. Though young,
no braver or truer-hearted man is in the country s
service. Is it not enough, sir, that he has thus
fallen; that he has poured out his blood and his
life in defending our frontier from a savage foe?
It is true thai he was inexperienced in the habits
and character of the Indians; but is that a reason,
in the absence of any act of misconduct.or pro-
vocation on his part, why he should have been
