1028
the congressional globe.
MaiScb 1,
Serial# 'amendment. Mr. Chairman, gentlemen
may talk here day after day, and mghtafter night
about treating the Indians kindly. Well, sir, I
think the true policy is to treat them kindly so
long as it is consistent with the safety of our citi-
zens, but if the idea is as it seems to be, upon the
part of some gentlemen, to civilize the Indians
and make "white men of them, I say the idea is
simply an absurdity. I am not for waging a war
of extermination against them. I am for treating
them kindly, tor elevating them if I can, but, I
repeat, that to suppose them capable of becoming,
SO far civilized antl elevated as to exercise the
discretion of the Anglo-Saxon race is an absurd-
ity. ,
Now, sir, as to the kind of force needed to send
to the West for the suppression of these Indian
hostilities, I think the regular force is far prefer-
able to any other. Whenever you want a force
to do deeds of daring, regardless of lffe, and re-
gardless of whatever const quences may ensue,
your volunteer force, selected from the people,
with personal friends, personal courage, and per-
sonal reputation to sustain them, are the men.
But if you want peace preserved upon the dis-
puted frontier never send such men out to keep
peace. They volunteer not for peace, but for war.
They go out, not to come home with bloodless
laurels, but to come home with sanguinary laurels
plucked upon bloody battle-fields. Men do not
leave their peaceful homes to go through an idle
period of volunteer service. They go out because
they think there is occasion for military service;
they go out to fight, and do not want to come
home until they have had a fight. If, therefore,
you send volunteers upon your frontier, except in
case of an emergency, you send men to get up a
fight, and not to suppress difficulties. They are
men of gallantry and courage, and go out for war
and not for peace. If you want war with these
Indians, send out your volunteers, and they will
exterminate them. They will act with the most
reckless disregard of their own lives, as well as of
the lives of those they are at war with. The very
nature of their service is a recklessness of danger.
They go out for glory, and for the honor of the
flag under which they march.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ®REEN WOOD, I do not rise for the pur-
pose of engaging in this discusssion, but simply
to oppose the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Mississippi, and to appeal to the com-
mittee to proceed to vote directly on the proposi-
tion pending before them.
Ever since we have been here this evening we
have been violating the express rule of this House,
that debate shall be confined to the question under
consideration. Gentlemen have wandered from
the propositions which have been submitted for
the purpose of indulging in remarks of a character
expressly prohibited by the rules; and I give
notice now that I shall, in future call every gen-
tleman to order Who discusses anything but the
proposition immediately pending.
The question was then taken on Mr. Barry's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. LYON. I move to amend the amendment,
so as to makethe nui?®4rof regiments one instead
of four. Mr. Chairman, 1 believe thatit is for the
interestof this Government to maintain an efficient
army of cavalry and infantry upon the frontier,
and that it should belong to the regular service.
But while I believe that, let me say that we should
not overlook the fact that men should be selected
for the command of these companies who have
had long experience, an d who have knowledge,
also, ana not green Cadets but one year old from
West Point, who go to these far-off posts with no
knowledge of human nature, no knowledge of the
Indian character, and no experience, and who are
the cause of these massacres all over the western
country.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I rise to a question of
order.
Mr. LYON. I hope I am not to be gagged.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I do not want to gag
the gentleman, but he is out of order, and I have
a right to call him to order, and I do it. I make
the point of order that the gentleman is wandering
from the question before the committee.
Mr. LYON. The gentleman himself wandered
from the proposition before the committee when
he spoke just now.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will decide the
question of order, when he "has heard more Of the
remarks of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. LYON, (resuming.) When Lewis and
Clark were appointed by President Jefferson, they
were chosen because they had some knowledge
and experience, and what kind of fate did they
meet with ? The Indians, nine times nine stronger
than they are now, met them everywhere with
kindness and friendship. And Jater than that, we
have seen John C. Fremont, with a little band of
men, pursue his devious road to the golden shores
of the Pacific, meeting the chiefs everywhere in
friendship, winning their respect, and forming ties
of friendship that are the golden chains and the
best chains of peace.
Sir, we shall have another Seminole war upon
Us unless due discretion is exercised in sending
men of enlarged experience to take command of
these far-off posts; and, for that reason, I hope
that extra compensation will be given to the men
who occupy them, instead of to these who come
here to washington to lobby for places, and
who  
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. I am opposed to
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
New York. I believe that there is abundant evi-
dence before us to satisfy the House that there is
a necessity for an increase of the military force of
the country. It is reported to us by the Secretary
of the Interior that there are in the country lying
between the Mississippi river and the Rocky
mountains one hundred and eighty-five thousand
Indians, thirty thousand of whom are warriors.
We are assured by the Secretary of War, and
others, that those Indians occupying that territory
are confederating with a view to a general war
upon the whites in the spring. The reports of
the Secretary of War, the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, and the Indian agents, and the let-
ters and newspapers which we receive daily from
the West, show that such depredations have re-
cently been committed by the Indians in that ter-
ritory as indicate a fixed purpose on their part to
open their hostilities against the whites in the en-
suing spring. This territoryis traversed annually
by thousands of American citizens, carrying with
them millions of dollars worth of property. Sir,
this Government oy^es to those'citizens protection
to life and property in return for obedience on
their part. Are gentlemen, then, willing to fold
their arms, and make no provision forthe protec-
tion of the lives and property of our own people,
going to our own country on the Pacific, stimu-
lated by the inducements that the Government has
held out to them ?
Gentlemen tell us that t{iere is no necessity for
an increase of the Army, that these difficulties are
brought about by the wanton conduct of white
men. It is true that white men have acted wrong-
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The Chair
decides that it is not in order to discuss the con-
duct of white men or of Indians in the controversy.
The gentleman must confine his remarks to the
question whether we ought to have four new
regiments or only one.
Mr. OLIVER. I understood, Mr. Chairman,
that the widestlatitude of debate has been extended
to us.
The CHAIRMAN. Quite too wide. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. OLIVER. My argument is to show the
necessity of the increase of the Army. It has
been -asserted on the floor here that these massa-
cres are brought on by the whites, and if so, this
is an important matter for the consideration of the
committee. If the Fort Laramie massacre was
brought about by the improper conduct of troops
there, it may be, perhaps, used as an argument
against the increase of the Army.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
line of argument to be out of order.
Mr. OLIVER. I am opposing the amendment
to reduce the number of regiments from four to
one.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman from
Missouri will confine hia remarks to that
question.
Mr. OLIVER. Other gentlemen have besn
allowed a latitude in debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri will allow the Chair to say he is required to
enforce the rule, and will attempt to do it.
Mr. OLIVER; I hardly know what line of
argument to pursue. But I desire to remark, Ift
connection with what I -was saying, that *hile -I
have the highest confidence in the statement of the
gentleman from Kansas \M"r. Whit1fiei.d1 in Bis
report on this subject, that report is based upon
testimony which h,e received from others. Here
is the report of Mr. Bond—— . ; ! - .
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair wottld state
that that line of argument is' not-ih order. "The
first part is clearly in order, showing the necessity
of there being four regiments raised instead of
one; but the latter portion is not.
Mr. OLIVER. I was arguing that the Army
should be increased, and I was showing that by
referring to the depredations committed by the
Indians on our people. The Indians have com-
menced the war. It has been commenced by them,
and we apply for the increas® of the Army as a
protection for the people from the tomahawk and
scalping-knife of these red fiends on the plains.
Who recollects not theunhappy fateof the lamented
Mrs. White, who was taken -captive by the bar-
barians, and who, on an attempt being made by
her countrymen to rescue her, Was basely shot, and
her innocefft infant's head dashed against * tree ?
These things are recent. Lieutenant Grattan and
his party who, a few months ago 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on the amendment of
the gentleman from New York; and the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. For the purpose of
giving my views in relation to this matter, I move
to amend by increasing the number of new regi-
ments two, so as to make the regiments to be or-
ganized six, instead of four. I hope, Mr. Chair-
man, I will be able to occupy my five minutes
without interruption, and I will try to keep in
order. We have a very large frontier, some thou-
sand miles of it; and there are between thirty
thousand and forty thousand warlike savages on
this frontier. Our Army, as it is,"is not sufficient
to afford protection to the settlers and to the emi-
grants on their route. It is not able to afford them
that protection which our Government ought to
extend to its citizens. It will be therefore neces-
sary to increase the regiments in the regular ser- '
vice, for they alone can afford permanent protec-
tion. It is nonsense to talk about volunteers to
serve against the Indians. Volunteer troeps are
good in a battle; they are made up of gallant men*
who go to war 
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The gentle-
man from Oregon is not in order in discussing the
comparative merits of volunteer and reguiir ferces
at this stage of the question .
Mr. LANE. I only wanted to say that I have
a high opinion of volunteers, and now I drop that
subject.
I wish to repeat what my friend from Missouri
[Mr. Oliver] has said, that the blood of your
people lying on the plains, with their bones bleach-
ing the highways on the emigrant trail, is calling
on this House for revenge. The friends of those
who have been massacred, tomahawked, and
burned to death in the most savage manner, with-
out cause, without provocation, without any in-
jury being inflicted on the Indians by the Whites,
are calling upon Congress for protection and for
revenge. The whole country, from Maine to"the
Pacific must see the necessity there is for ihcreas- *
ing the regular Army. A regular army can alone
afford us protection, for they will be permanently
in the service, permanently on duty. And depots
can be established to furnish men when required.
I am perfectly well acquainted with the regular
Army. I am well acquainted with its officers;
and I am sorry that it should be out of order to
talk of Lieutenant Gnttan, and the death of that
gallant young man. I know but few officers or*
our Army, none, indeed, who have not proved
themselves worthy, faithful, and gallant men in
battle—-men of sound decision, sound judgment,
and kind hearted, who treat the Indians kindly in
peace, but are ever ready to punish them in war.
Such a force the country needs, and without it
our people cannot settle up the frontiers from
Texas to the Pacific. We cannot settle up New
Mexico without a force adequate to protect the
settlers. Nor can emigrants cross the plains from
the Atlantic to the Pacific, untess the Government
affords them protection. The committee will rec-
ollect the fate of the party who went from the
