1034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
It is intended to require the proper accounting
officers of ihe Treasury to pay to the children and
grandchildren of Thomas Morris, who was a cap-
tain in the Georgia line on the Continental estab-
lishment in the revolutionary war, and who died
in the service of the United States during the war,
the full amount of the half-pay of a captain of
artillery for seven years.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
CALIFORNIA LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. WELLE R. I ask the Senate now to take
up and pass a bill, which it is necessary should go
to the Ilouse for action, simply exflndma: the time
for filing claims before the board of land commis-
sioners in California. It is a bill which has been
reported from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, " supplemental to an act entitled * an act
to ascertain and settle the private land claims in
the State of California.' M
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was read
the second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to allow persons
holding private land claims in California under
Spanish or Mexican grants, until the 1st of July
next to present them to the board of commis-
sioners.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to he engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PASSENGER LAWS.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to report back the House
bill to regulate the can iage of passengera in steam-
ships and other vessels, in relation to which the
committee have come to a unanimous conclusion.
They report two or three amendments, in which
I am instmcted to ask the concurrence of the
Senate now, so that the bill may be disposed of
immediately.
Mr. HUNTER. I am afraid it will give rise to
debate. lfso,i must ask for the consideration of
the special order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If it gives rise to a word
of debate I shall consent that it lie over. This is
a unanimous report from the committee.
Mr. SEWARD. We are all agreed. It will
lead to no debate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will state to the Senate,
that the amendments of the committee are simply
to provide for the insertion of those provisions of
the bill of our colleague, [Mr. Fish,] which he
desired to have inKeiied.
The amendmentM leporred by the committee
were agreed to. The bill was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in.
Mr. SHIELDS. It was my intention when this
bill came up to say a few words in justification of
the course of the honorable Senator from New
York, who is now absent, [Mr. Fisrr.] I was a
member of the ppecial committee, of which he was
chairman,upon this subje.ct, and I had intended to
correct the injustice which I saw was done him in
the proceedings of a meeting held in New York a
fchorttime since. I intended to make the matter
right for him as far as it was in my power to do
so, in consequence of his not being here to do it
for himself. In order to have this bill passed im-
mediately, as I know that time is precious, I shall
make no remarks on this occasion; I will merely
Buy that I regret that such injustice was done to
him.
The Amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read the third time. The bill, aa
amended, was read the third time, and passed.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole resumed theconsider- j
ation of the bill of the Hoube of Representatives ;
making appropt lations for the civil and diplomatic |
expenses of Government for the year ending the I;
30th of .Tune, 18.36, and for other purposes. |;
Mr. "WELLER. 1 desire to inquire why this i
bill has not been laid on the tables of Senators ? It j
is a very important and a very long bill, and if it j
is necessary to print any bill it certainly is neres- I1
sttty to print the civil and diplomatic appropriation ,
bill. How are we to ascertain its merits with-
out having a printed copy before us ? So far as I ij
know there has not been a single copy laid on our ||
tables. We are now called upon to vote on a bill
making an expenditure of perhaps $10,000,000 or
$12,000,000 without knowing what it is. I think
it is very singular legislation. Somebody is to
blame, and I desire to know who it is.
Mr.'HUNTER. I know nothing about it.
The members of the Committee on Finance have
had printed copies of the bill, and I do not know
why the Senator from California has not.
Mr. CLAYTON. 1 move to strike out all that
part of the bill which relates to the revision of the
tariff, and I have a very few words to say on my
motion; for I know well that the Senate is in no
condition to listen to a speech on this or any other
subject. But, sir, this is the 6rst time, in the
whole course of my congressional experience, that
•an attempt was ever made to put a tarifl'bi'l upon
the general civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. PEARCE. Will the Senator from Dela-
ware allow me to make a statement before he goes
on?
Mr. CLAYTON". Yes, sir.
Mr. X^EARCE. The Committee on Finance,
this morning, had soine conversation on this sub-
ject, and they requested me to move an amendment
to the bill, which would be the first amendment in
order, if the committee should propose any, with
the desire and hope that the Senate would make
the vote on that amendment a test vote. The
amendment is one to which there can be no objec-
tion on account of its provisions. It is one in
regard to the expensea of the Senate. There is an
appropriation for legislative expenses, and for the
compensation and mileage of Senators; and the
bill then goes on to say:
"For compensation of the offic^ra, clerks, messengers,
and others receiving an annual salary m the service of the
Senate, to wit."
And then it proceeds to specify each officer and
his salary. The Senate committee were disposed
to have these details stricken out, so as to leave
the general provision for the pay of clerks and
other officers of the Senate without the details
which the House put in. The committee sup-
posed the Senate would have no difficulty in agree-
ing to that, and that, therefore, if the Senate
should be unwilling to pass that amendment, it
would be con idered by th* committee as a test
vote, and they would govern themselves accord-
ingly. If the Senate shall accept that the com-
mittee will go on to offer their amendments; but
if the Senate refuse to adopt it. they will then
cease to offer any amendments as a committee.
It is intended to submit that amendment as a test
question of the disposition of the Senate to follow
our report or not. I submit to the Senator the
propriety of first allowing that amendment to be
moved.
Mr. CLAYTON. I am very happy always to
defer to the Committee on Finance, but it seems to
me that this attempt to alter the Uuifl', and to foice
a change of the tariff on one branch of Congress,
ought to be met directly by n motion to strike it
out of the hill; and I make that motion.
Now, sir, what must be the consequence here-
after of sustaining ouch a proposition as the House
have put into this bill? Whenever a majority in
one branch of Congress shall desire any great ob-
ject which they cannot, attain by a separate bill,
they will move to put it on the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, and thus compel the other
branch of Congress to accept the whole or none;
to lose all the appropriations to support the Gov-
ernment for the current year, or take a proposition
utterly unpalatable to them. Why, sir, let me
tell the honorable Senator from Virginia, that if
this precedent is adopted, the day may come when
a majority m one branch of Congress may attach
to a general appropriation bill a proposition to re-
peal the fugitive slave lav/, or some other law,
which is held by himself and bio friends, and
by me, too, as essential to sustain the Union of
these States. It is a most dangerous precedent; it
is an example that has never been set to us before,
and I hope will never be attempted again.
But, sir, independently of that consideration,
there is another one worthy of attention. On look-
ing over the tariff sections of this bill, they seem to
me to be defective throughout. I do not speak now
merely in reference to the geneial question of re-
ducing the duties, but I ask attention to the sixth
section:
"AM goods, wares, ami merchandize, which thall beim-
ported from foreign countries alter the passage of ibis act,
and be in the public stores on the 1st day of July afore-
said, shall he subject, on entry thereof* for consumption,
to no other duty than if the same had been imported re-
spectively after that day."
Now, sir, this is certainly, I think, a measure
which could not h'ave met with much reflection on
the part of those who drafted it. What will be its
effects? The present duty on wool is thirty per
cent. It is reducod by this proposition to eight
per cent, by transferring it to another schedule,
and then by a reduction of'twenty per cent, on the
duty. Now, suppose that a cargo of wool is im-
ported and entered on Saturday next, of the value
of §>100,000; the duty U> be paid on that cargo
would be $30,000. Suppose, then, there comes
another ship with an equal cargo of wool on Mon-
day. That cargo pays duty to the amount of
$8,000; but the unfortunate man who imported on
Saturday must pay §30,000, making a difference
of $22,000 between those two men, merely because
one happened to get into port on Saturday, and
the other on Monday.
I was looking this morning at another statement
which produces similar results. Suppose, a cargo
of Manilla hemp worth, say $200,000, is imported
on Saturday next, and another cargo of the same
amount is imported on Monday; the difference in
duty between the two will be found to be more than
$43,000, that is to say, one man gains $43,000 by
being a day or two later in importing his goods.
This is proof, fo go no further, to show that this
is a badly adjusted tariff provision. Other tariff
bills passed heretofore have made provisions for
cases of this description. This makes none.
Sir, I might go on and object to other details in
it; and particularly would i, if I were to go into
the consideration of the general question, object to
the reduction of the duty on wool in any way. It
is low enough, and too low, now. 1 am not one
of those who believe in the doctrine of our north-
ern friends, that the reduction of the duty on wool
will be beneficial to the agriculture of this country.
I entertain the opposite opinion; and it is further
my opinion, that if this bill shall go into operation
as it stands, it will put the knife to the throats of
millions of sheep in this country. The farmer
cannot raise or keep sheep merely for the profit on
the carcass. If he is to receive nothing for the
fleece he will cease to keep them, and an immense
and growing business in this country, yielding
nearly as many millions to the wealth of the nation
as cotton itself, wiil be abandoned.
All these, however, sir, are considerations which
sink into insignificance when compared with the
evils of the great precedent you are about to set.
I entreat the Senate to pause and not sanction such
a measure as this, which may lead to conse-
quences hereafter most fatal, perhaps, to the peace
and Union of these States.
The sections of the bill which Mr. Clayton
proposes to strike out, are the following:
Sec. 4. JUnd be it further enacted t That on and aft^r the
first day of July, 1835, there shall be a reduction of'twenty
per ccutuui <mi ihe rates of duty imposed by the act entitled
a An art reducing the duty on imports, and for Other pur-
popes,'' approved July 30,1H4G, on the goods, wares, and
rnerchandis!' imported from foreign countries, enumerated
and provided for in schedules A, B, C, D, IS, F, G, and H,
and also those provided lor in the third section of said act,
except as hereinafter provided.
Sec. 5. And be it further encMtel, That the following
named articles, embraced ju schedule D of the said act of
31st July, 1846, be, and they are hereby, transferred to
schedule O, to wit: Manufactures and articles of silk, or
of which silk shall lie a component material ; that the man-
ufactures and articles of flax, or of which flax shall bo a
component material, and blanket's of all kinds, embtaced
in schedule E of the said act of 31st July, 3846. be trans-
ferred toschrdnle D; that wool, unmanufaeruied, «haJI be
transfened to schedule G ; that flax unmanufactured, snk,
mw, with or without the gum. not being: doubled, twisted,
or advanced in manufacture in any way ; juie, Manilla
and Si?al glass coir, and other vegetable ■substance*, un-
manufactured, not otherwise provided tor; lac spirits • lac
Hulphur; lamp black; Prussian blue ; articles not in a
crude state used m dyp'ng or tannine, not otherwise pro-
vided for; brimstone,crude, in bulk : cream-of-tartar - ex-
tract*, of indigo ; India rubber, in bottles; slabs or sheets
unmanufactured ; extract of madder; ha.illa; cudbears
bleaching powder, or chloride of lime ; indigo • cochineal '
uoad or pastel; acids: arotic, benzoic, boraeie, citric,
muiiatic, white and vellww, nitric, oxaiie, nvroliWoiS
and tartaric, aad all oth^r acids of every description used
mhp i0t,nca|j medicinal, or manufacturing purposes, not
t\ \u° I,)roVKlod for'be transferred to schedule ij. And
I S/1 i'!/i br'rrios.> flowers, plants, and vegetables,
y ,n dymiSOr m composing dyes; but no
a ucle sball be classed as such that has undW>m. any
marmfactuu!; Lrazil-wuad, brazilietto, and all other dye-
woou.w, m suck*. • burr-stones, wrought or unwrnu nt; co-
dilla, or tow of hemp or fiax; fruits and vegetables, <*reen
mhiJe0'/>USl rWise provided for> Karden seeds, a,id all
other seeds for agricultural* horticultural, medicinal, and
