1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1035
manufacturing purposes, not otherwise provided for ; bolt-
ing cloths; madder-root, madder ground or prepared; ice;
annuals of ail kinds,'be transferred to schedule I.
Sfu. 6. And be it further enacted, Thatali goods, wares,
and merchandise, which shall be imported from foreign
countries alter the passase of thisact, and be in the public
stores on the first day of July aforesaid, shall be subject,
on entry thereof for consumption, to no other duty than if
the same had been imported respectively after that day.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it jwither enacted, That on the entry of
any goods, wares, and merchandise, imported on and after
the 1st day of July aforesaid, the decision of the collector
of the customs at the port ot importation and entry, as to
their liability to duty or exemption therefrom, shall be final
and conclusive against the owner, importer, consignee, or
agent, of any such goods, wares, and merchandise, unless
the owner, importer, consignee, or agent, shall, within ten
days after sueh decision, give notice to the collector, in
writing, of his dissatisfaction with the same, setting forth
therein distinctly and specifically his grounds of objection
thereto, and shall, within thirty days after the date of such
decision, appeal therefrom to the Secretary of theTreasuty,
whose decision on such appeal shall be final and conclu
sive ; and the said goods, wares, and merchandise,shall bo.
liable to duty, or exempted therefrom accordingly, any act
of Congress to the contrary notwithstanding, unless suit
shall be brought within thirty days alter such decision by
fcaid Secretary, for any duues that may have been paid, or
may thereafter he paid, on said goods, or within thirty days
alter the duties shall have been paid in cases where such
goods shall be m bond.
Stc. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That on and after the
1st day of July aforesaid, all provision of existing laws in-
consistent wuh the provisions of tlus act shall be inoperative
and void.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, as a general
proposition, no man agrees more thoroughly with
the Senator from Delaware as to the impropri-
ety of the practice of what is called "tacking"
than I do, and I believe no man has endeavored
more earnestly to prevent it; but, sir, to say that
this is without precedent is a great mistake.
There may be no precedent which has gone to
this length, but there have'been precedents—in-
deed, hardly an appropriation bill passes which
does not contain one, so far as the principle is con-
cerned. Indeed, sir, we have a conference now
engaged, as I understand, on a subject of differ-
ence between the two Houses, because an incon-
gruous matter was put upon the Indian appropria-
tion bill; but that is not ail. It will be remembered
that, on the civil and diplomatic bill, there has
been more than one instance in which there has
been legislation in regard to this- very subject of
duties. Why, sir, it was upon a general appro-
priation bill that a law was passed which sanc-
tioned the circulars issued by the Treasury De-
partment in order to carry out the act of 1846, and
which made a very important modification in the
system.
But, sir, I do not propose to go into the ques-
tion of precedent, because I feel, as the Senator
from Delaware has said, that there is but little
time to discuss these questions. And while I
admit the general rule, 1 must at the same time be
allowed to say, that there are exceptions, and I
think this case presents one. It must be remem-
bered how it comes here; and it must be remem-
bered what would be the result if the Senate were
to succeed in striking out this tariff provision. It
is well known that, in the House of Represent-
atives, a proposition was offered to amend this bill
by reducing the duties upon railroad iron. The
chairman of the Committee of the Whole ruled it
out of order. The chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means of the House, and the majority
of those who usually act with him, voted to sus-
tain the decision, buta majority of the whole body
ruled it to be in order, and putin the proposition.
That being before the Committee of the Whole,
the alternatives were between a general reduction
of the tariff like this, and special legislation only
for the benefit of railroads. In that competition
this provision succeeded, and after it was once
upon the bill, the House retained it; and, as I said
yesterday, it was retained by a vote from all
parties, and from all sections. I do not say
including a majority of all parties, but having
members of all parties and all sections. Indeed,
sir, I incline to think that there never yet has been
a tariff bill which could command as many friends
from different parties and different sections as this
modification which is now before us.
Weil, sir, under the circumstances, when we
come to see that the result-of striking out this in-
evitably would be to substitute another proposi-
tion, which certainly I do not think as merito-
rious as this, and would be to substitute special
action upon the subject of railroad iron, instead of
this general reduction; I think the case has come
for an exception to the rule; I think, too, that the
case has come because it is eminently important, I
may say necessary, to do something with our rev-
enue system. We see the excesses of legislation
to which we are led by the large surplus revenue;
and we see, sir, or, at least, 1 think we see, that
trade requires the relief which this will afford it;
and looking to the very great benefits which I be-
lieve would ensue from the adoption of this meas-
ure, I think we should be justified, under the
circumstances, in adhering to this provision and
retaining it here. We did not putit here. If the
House should ever send on the appropriation bill
a measure which is contrary to the views of a
majority of the Senate, they can strike it out and
take their stand; but if the opinion of the Senate
is that the provision itself is a good one, and not
only good, but one which will carry blessings to a
large portion of the American people, why should
they not adhere to it?
Now, sir, in the conjuncture of circumstances
in which we are placed, is it not evident that we
should do better for all interests to adhere to this,
rather than strike it out, and take the chance of
what may'follow its rejection?
But I am admonished by the Senator from Del-
aware, that this may be a dangerous precedent
hereafter; that the House may attach to appro-
priation bills hereafter measures which would put
at issue the Union itself. Sir, if the day should
ever come when men shall be so madly intent upon
these measures as to stake the Union upon them,
they certainly would not be restrained from trying
them, by any consideration of cons;ruity in the
objects of an appropriation bill. If the greater
consideration will not restrain them, the smaller
certainly will not; but if there was nothing of this
sort on the statute-book, so far as precedent is
involved, they would still find a pretext if they
needed one. Sir, if that day should ever come—
and sad day let me call it—when a majority of
either House shall be so madly and fatally bent
upon such measures as to stake the Union itself
upon them, they will not be restrained from car-
rying out their purpose by any consideration as
to the congruity of the appropriation bills.
Sir, I do not think'that, under the circumstances
of this case, this could be referred to as a prece-
dent; because, as 1 said before, the history of its
adoption shows that it was carried by no particu-
lar section; that it was not carried by the whole
of one party against the whole of another, but by
a mixture of all parties and all sections; and that
it was introduced, not as a competition between
what is called " a clean" bill and no provision at
all in relation to the tariff, but in a question as
between a special and a particular provision, ap-
plying only to railroads and a general provision;
for one or the other we must have had in this bill.
For one, i think—and certainly upon that subject
the Senator from Delaware must agree with me—
that we had better have a general provision than
a special one.
But, sir, I stated some of these considerations
yesterday, when I reported the bill to the Senate.
I said then thattheCommifteeon Finance thought
it their duty, taking this view of the case, to pre-
sent the bill to the Senate without amendment,
that the body might determine at once whatcourse
it would pursue. If the Senate shall think as I
do, that we had better pass this bill, and if they
also wish to obtain the amendments which they
mean to propose, the quickest and most conve-
nient mode will be to do what the Committee on
Finance have recommended that they should do—
pass this bill without amendment, and then attach
our amendments to some other bill. If, on the
other hand, the Senate should think it is better to
amend this bill, the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Pearce] stands ready to propose the question
which the Committee on Finance intended to con-
sider as a test; and if a majority determine to
amend, then they will bring in their amendments;
but if a majority refuse to amend, they would take
it as the sense of the Senate that this hill is to Be
passed as a whole. The committee will be gov-
erned by the opinion which the Senate shall ex-
press.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, the motion
made by the honorable Senator from Delaware
embraces the striking out of several sections of this
bill, commencing with the fourth. Before the
question is taken upon that, I wish to submit a
motion for the purpose of amending the fourth sec-
tion. I believe 1 have a right to move to amend
any portion of that which is proposed to be stricken
out.
In reference to what has been said by my hon-
orable friend from Delaware, I wish to state that,
for one, I shall proceed with regard to this bill,
both in proposing and in voting upon amendments,
just exactly as if the bill were here at a point
earlier in the session; and I will not consent to
surrender the whole authority and control of the
Senate over the general appropriation bills, be-
cause it has so happened, from the delay of the
House in passing this bill, that we reach it but
three days before the close of the session. To do
so would be, in my opinion, now, at once and for-
ever, to announce that the Senate stands ready,
under similar circumstances, at all times hereafter,
to surrender its judgment upon the details of a
measure, and to take whatever may be sent by the
House of Representatives unamended and uncon-
sidered , for this is not one of those cases in which
the Senate has possibly the alternative left of re-
jecting the bill. We are obliged to pass an appro-
priation bill, and, therefore, there are but two
alternatives left us. They are either to insistupon
our right of amending the bill where we think it
requires amendment, or to agree to pass just what
the House sends us, without amendment or con-
sideration. The last alternative I, for one, will
never consent to accept.
Having said thus much to state the principle
on which I shall proceed, both in voting for and •
moving amendments, I propose to strikeout from
the fourth section all of it after the word u that," the
first word of the section, and to insert what I shall
send to the Chair. Before sending it, however, I
wish to state that it is, in substance, an amendment
which was offered in the House in Committee of
the Whole, ruled by the Chairman to be out of
order, and, upon an appeal taken from his decis-
ion, that ruling was reversed. This amendment
was agreed to in the Committee of the Whole,
but subsequently the tariff bill, to which my friend
from Delaware offers his motion to strike out, was
inserted in lieu of what I now send to the Chair.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment of the
Senator from North Carolina is to strike out all
after the word " that," in the fourth section, and
insert:
"The duties paid on railroad iron actually and perma-
nently laid down, from and after the 30th day of J une. 1853,
up to the 1st day of July, 1836, being for the full period of
three years, shall, on satisfactory proof beinj* made lo the
Secretary of the Treasury of the laying down a?3 aforesaid,
be refunded to the Slate or company so laying down said
iron, or causing the same to be laid down. And from and
after the past-age of this act, dyes, dye-woods, dye-stuffs of
whatever name and nature, and wool unmanufactured,
cosiinc more than eight cents and Irss than sixteen cent* per
pound at the placc whence imported, may, and shall be,
imported into the United States free of "dn«y: Ptovided^
That in all cases of wool falsely invoiced and valued, und^r
the foregoing section, to defraud the revenue, there ^hall be
levied and collected on the «amfi double the amount of duty
now imposed by law on said article.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, in reply to
the honorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hun-
ter,] I wish to make a few observations in addition
to those which I have already submitted. It must
be remembered that this is a proposition to revise
and change the whole tariff system of ihe country,
brought here to be considered by the Senate of the-
United States within the three last days of the
session, presenting questions which would oceupy
the attention of the Senate for a month, if every
man here were acquainted with the details of the
tariff system. There is no time to consider it.
That, of itself is a fatal objection to the proposition
in the bill which 1 desire to strike out; but, sir,
there are others.
The House of Representatives has sent this
measure, at this late stage of the session, when
more than half of the members of that House,
nearly three-fourths of them, will be succeeded next
year by other men. There never was sueh a polit-
ical revolution known in thecharacter of thellouse
of Representatives, as now presents itself. Shall
the men whom the people have elected decide upon
this great question, so vitally affecting their inter-
ests, or shall those, many of whom have received
their quietus from the people, and are dismissed
from the public service, decide the question for
them ? Upon every true principle belonging to
a republican Government, 1 object to this attempt
to fasten upon the country, amidst the expiring
agonies of the present Congress, a measure of this
character. The Senate is in no temper to hear
