1036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March I,
debate on any subject. I have already pointed out
u monstrous absurdity in the tariff provisions of
this bill, and no man has pretended to deny that
the absurdity exists, and no one can. Notwith-
standing this, because there happened to be a large
majority of gentlemen in the House of Represent-
atives, forsooth, in favor of this measure, we must
take it, and take it, too, as an amendment to the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Let us beware, sir. The honorable gentleman
from Virginia himself admits that there never was
a precedent which went to the length of this. The
cases which he has cited are not of this descrip-
tion at all. If you can revise your whole tariff
system in this way, you may undertake, in the
same manner, to revise your whole judicial sys-
tem, your whole revenue and postal system, your
whole criminal code, all your navigation laws,
and all the laws most deeply affecting the vital in-
terests of the country, can be pressed on the Sen-
ate of the United States within the last three days
of the session, and the Senate forced to take them
as the other House dictates, or to go home with-
out providing for the payment of the expenses of
the Government. I adhere to my proposition to
strike out, and I hope the Senate will sustain it.
Mr. BU.ODIIEAD. Mr. President, this is cer-
tainly a very important question. It is a propo-
sition which affects the industrial interests of the
entire country. It is-a proposition to modify all
.the existing revenue laws, and such a proposition
is proposed to us at this late period of the session.
Now the first question which presents itself, in
my view, is, whether this is out of time and out
of place, without reference to the particular merits
of the measure itself. Upon this point, there
seems to be a general concurrence of opinion; it is
believed to be both out of time and out of place.
The honorable Senator from Virginia, however,
says tlmt this measure will be an exception to
the general rule; that though it is attempted to be
forced upon the Senate by tile House of Represent-
atives in an improper place, we had better take it
as a choice of evils. Mr. President, I think that
the forms ©f legislation are the guardians of its
principles. The issue now presented to us is
whether, in view of coming events, with reference
to the particular charactcr of the next House of
Representatives, this is the mode to make a
precedent. The first and great question which
presents itself naturally to the minds of our south-
ern friends, is whether, by this course of proceed-
ing, you are not teaching bloody instructions
which will return to plague their inventors in one
year from this lime, and, perhaps, less.
Look at the measure submitted to us by the
Senator from North Carolina. TheSenator from
Virginia proposes, by the adoption of the bill as it
comes to us from the House of Representatives, a
general revision of the tariff policy of the country.
The Senator from North Carolina proposes a
special amendment, to promote particular interests
m this country. The amendment of the Senator
from North Carolina would be out of order if we
had not the general proposition before us. Under
the rules of the Senate, the Senator from North
Carolina could not offer his amendment unless he
was authorized to do so by a committee. The
appropriate committee of this body has already
reported against his proposition. The Committee
on Fipance reported against the bill introduced by
the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to accom-
plish the same object; and hence, 1 say, the
amendment of the "Senator from North Carolina
would not be in order if there were not in the bill
from the House of Representatives a provision in
regard to the tariff.
How, sir, does this measure come to us from
the House of Representatives' What was the
manner in which it was placed in this bill? A
breach was first made by private interests, by im-
mense combinations of capital and energy brought
here from various sections of the country, to pro-
cure a repeal and payment buck to railroad com- j
panies of the duties on railroad iron. There was
110 general request of the people of the country for
a modification of the tariff; but these combinations !
of State and railroad corporations, before which '
the old combination of Bank and State sinks into |
utter insignificance, came here, in the first place,
for the purpose of getting $12,000,000 from the
public Treasury; but not being able to get that,
they propose to have gl2,000,000 giyen to them
on credit; and, as a choice of evils, tills proposition
in the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill was
placed there to keep them out. My opinion is,
that both propositions are out of time and out of
place, and deserve the defeat which so justly
awaits them.
Mr. President, the Congress now about to expire
has done a great deal of business. During the first
year that we were in session, several treaties were
negotiated and ratified. Under those treaties im-
portant advantages were conferred upon New Eng-
land and the eastern States, to which I shall pres-
ently allude. We have passed important measures
at the present session ;and now the question arises,
have we time, during the next two days, to pass
the appropriation bills, and properly consider a
proposition which is to affect, more or less, all the
industrial interests of the country? My friend
from Virginia says that the exigencies of the
Treasury, arising from a plethora, require it. He
seems to think that that evil is likely to continue;
but upon that point I take issue with him. 1 say
this measure is unnecessary because the public
Treasury will not be redundant in a year, or even
in six months, from this time. Having made that
assertion, I feel it to be my duty to sustain it by
the proof, and I shall do so.
During the past fiscal year nearly $10,000,000
were received from the sales of the public lands.
It is admitted that during the present fiscal year
there will be a falling off of at least #6,000,000 in
the receipts from public lands. We generally re-
ceive about §3,000,000 or $4,000,000 of revenue
from that source. Last year, in consequence of
the railroad bills which we passed, we'received
nearly $10,000,000. The decrease in that item
will be about ^G,000,000. There is on the table a
bill which came from the House of Represent-
atives this morning. I refer to the bounty land
bill, granting about twenty millions of acres to
those who defended the country during the war of
1812 That measure will tend, as a matter of
course, to diminish, to some extent, the receipts
of the Government from the public lands.
The falling off in the revenues in consequence
of the reciprocity treaty, will be about a million
and a half of dollars. 1 have before me the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, giving full inform-
ation on this point. He informs us that during
the fiscal ytar ending the 30th June, 1854, there
were $7,398,000 worth of goods imported from
the British North American provinces on which
duties were paid, that are now taken off by the
terms of the reciprocity treaty. The duties paid
on those articles amounted to $1,524,457. The
adoption of that treaty will consequently cause
a diminution in the revenue to the amount of
$1,500,000. 1 desire to call the attention of gentle-
men from New VoHf, and from the eastern States,
to the articles upon which the duties are taken off
by that treaty. During the last fiscal year there
were imported from the British North American
provinces $390,000 worth of grain, flour, and
breadstuffs, on which the duty paid, twenty per
cent., amounted to $781,314. Offish of all kinds
there was imported $901,(i71 worth, on which the
duty paid amounted to #180,334. Of coal, on
which the duty is thirty per cent, there was im-
ported $254,775 worth, yielding a duty of $70,432.
These are some particular items forming the aecre-
gate of £1,500,0U0. °
Our friends in New England and New York,
who are engaged in manufacturing, have, under
the reciprocity treaty, their coal and their bread-
stuffs free from Canada. Now, in order to have
the manufacturers benefited still further, the Sen-
ator, from North Carolina proposes that wool and
dye-stuffs shall be adrnittc-d duty free. I think
that is going very far to aid the manufacturers in
one section of the country. I do not begrudge
them any advantages they may have; I only
allude to this fact for the purpose of showing that
there is no absolute, pressing necessity, which
should require us to force a proposition of this
kind for the general revision of our tariff policy
into the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill. j
I undertake to say that the falling off of the i
revenue from imports during the current fiscal !
year will be between $10,000,000and §12,000,000 '
I have shown a diminution of $6,000,000 from !
the land revenue, and of a million and a half in I
consequence of the reciprocity treaty. I can show, :
by reference to the official returns of the Treasury j
Department, that there will be a large fallinp off t
m the import duties generally—between $6,00(^000 '
and §10,000,000. We shall theft have, under the
existing Democratic tariff of 1846, during the
current fiscal year, a decrease of $14,000,000 In
our revenue. The President Has this morning
notified us of his approval of the act for the pay-
ment of the creditors of Texas. Add the seven
and three quarter millions appropriated by that
bill to the $14,000,000 which I have stated, and
you have over $21,000,000 to be deducted from
our resources for the current year.
Sir, in view of these facts, I think I may with
propriety ask, why we should set such an ex-
ample at this late period of the session, when we
have so much other important and pressing busi-
ness before us? Why depart from the usual
mode of legislation ? Why break down the bar-
riers which our forefathers have established and
laid down for purposes of wise legislation ? What
gre we to have to protect us hereafter if we break
down these barriers now? It seems to me that
these questions cannot be answered, and this
provision retained.
I am opposed both tQ the provision of the bill
from the House, which the Senator from Delaware
has moved to strike out, and to the proposition of
the Senator from North Carolina; but the first
question which presents itself is, whether, with-
out reference to the propriety or impropriety of
the proposed revision of the tariff, without consid-
ering whether its provisions are correct or not,
we will retain it in this bill. For my part I am
opposed to it. I hope we shall go on with the
regular appropriation bills, pass them, adjourn in
peace, and let the industrial interests of the coun-
try alone.
Mr. COOPER. I need not say, sir, that I am
opposed to the sections of the bill which the
amendment of the Senator from Delaware pro-
poses to strike out. I am opposed to them in
principle, because they strike a blow at the indus-
trial interests of the country at a period wherj
those interests are in a state far from prosperous.
I am opposed to it because it is introducing into
the legislation of the country a new rule by which
the great interests of the country may, by an
amendment proposed in the last hours of the ses-
sion, be destroyed one by one. You know, Mr.
President, that a subject of so much magnitude
as this, embracing, as it does, a great variety of
objects, requires careful examination and a great
deal of research, in order that legislation upon
them may be judicious. There are embraced in
the provisions contained l'n the fourth, fifth, and
sixth sections of this bill, articles amounting to
twelve or thirteen hundred in numbers, and yet a
committee which cannot be otherwise than badly
informed on the subject, undertakes to introduce
such a provision as this, and force it upon the
country, however reluctant it may be.
Sir, I am opposed to this, and I intend to point
out" some of the inconveniences and mischiefs
which must necessarily result from it.
Even if the provisions which are proposed to
be stricken out had been well considered by the
House, it is the right of the Senate to reexamine
them, one by one, through its appropriate com-
mittees, and by its members, if they think fit, in
order to ascertain whether the reduction or increase
—for it proposes both to reduce and increase—be
proper or not. Now, sir, we know, from the
experience of many years, that the appropriation
bills are scarcely ever introduced into the Senate
until the last days of the session; and often not
till within the last hours, and are then hurried
through, without a proper opportunity being
afforded to examine even the ordinary subjects
which are embraced in them, with that care and
attention which are required, in order to secure
just and appropriate legislation. Yet the mischiefs
resulting from hasty legislation on appropriation
bil s generally are much less; for the subjects
ordinarily proposed to be introduced into acts of
legislation of this kind are generally well under-
stood. We know in advance something of what
is necessary to support the Army, something of
the amount that is necessary to kee® up the ifavy
m a proper state of efficiency; something near the
amount that is necessary to defray the expenses
of our diplomatic relations; and so of all the other
various subjects which sometimes find their way
into appropriation bills; but if these appropriations '
J, are t0 be made the vehicle of legislation for
all purposes, they ought to be introduced the first
day of the session instead of the last, in order that
