1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1089
the tariff has always heretofore been considered as
that which, of all others, requires the most careful
examination and the most mature deliberation.
And surely, sir, this is right, when we consider
that upon the revenue system of th'e country
depend the means for the support of the Govern-
ment, and influences always of the greatest import-
ance upon all the industrial interests of the country
—interests which are complicated and intricate,
which are interwoven with,and depend upon each
other—interests, commercial, manufacturing, and
agricultural; for you can enact no tariff bill which
will not affect all those interests, either directly or
indirectly. Heretofore, sir, when such a measure
has been proposed, it has been the work of a long
session of Congress. It has been the subject of
much debate and discussion, both in the appro-
priate committees and the two Houses, and of
long and elaborate reports, often able, extensive,
and minute, reaching, in detail, to all the subjects
which are comprehended in it, and tracing, with
careful scrutiny, all the probable results of its
various provisions. I remember, sir, to have
heard Mr. Webster say of Sir Robert Peel, whom
he considered to be one of the most eminent states-
men that ever labored in the councils of Great
Britain, that when he introduced his great measure
for the reform of the duties on imports into the
House of Commons, he analyzed, with a master's
hand, the subjects of revenue and protection.
Mr. Webster spoke with admiration, not only of
the ability with which he treated the general prin-
ciples belonging to the subject, but of the elaborate
and exact information with which he entered upon
the minutest details of that system, showing how
the operation of the proposed duties would affect
the commerce of the country, in almost every
article of the various schedules, and what would
be the resulting influences upon thegeneral interests
of industrial England.
Sir, how will the proceedings of the American
Senate contrast with such an exhibition as that
which the great statesman of England made upon
a similar occasion ? W ho is there here prepared
to vindicate the general principles of this measure?
Who is prepared to show its practical operation ?
Who is there in this body who can tell me, in a
word, without hunting up the provisions of the
act of 1846, the provisions of the bill which is
now before me ? Who can tell me what articles
are included in the schedules of the tariff of 1846,
and how they are to be affected by this tariff?
We can all say, generally, that this tariff adopts
a general principle of cutting down all duties upon
the different schedules twenty per cent.; that
brandies, which are now one hundred per cent.,
will comedown to eighty per cent.; that wines,
which are at forty per cent., will be reduced to
thirty-two per cent., &c., but who can tell me
what articles are transferred from one class to
another, and who can say what articles not speci-
fied by name are included in the general descrip-
tion contained in this bill? Who can tell me what
articles are affected by certain provisions of the
bill by which transfers are made from the class
paying twenty per cent, duties to that paying five
percent, duties? How many in this Senate, who,
if they now know nothing of this bill, or are at
present but partially informed of its details, will
be able to inform themselves by an examination
in the few remaining days of the session ? Sir, I
have sat in this Chamber some two hours this
morning, and I feel very confident that not half a
dozen members of the body have given any atten-
tion to the discussion which has been going on—
one half have been out of their seats; others have
been reading newspapers; some have been writing
letters; others, again, conversing together on differ-
ent topics; and that is the way in which a measure
so vitally affecting the public welfare, and reach-
ing, in its operation, to all the commercial, agricul-
tural, and manufacturing interests of the country,
is treated by the Senate of the United States. Sir,
let us never talk again about this august body, or
pretend to the character of a deliberative assem-
blage. It is gone from- the Senate of the United
States, and I know not when it will return.
Sir, this bill was not examined in the House of
Representatives. It passed there by what was
called a stampede, It was a great legislative
spasm which gave it birth. It sprang from the
throe ofan hour; and how is it to be examined
and matured here ? Sir, the Committee on Finance,
of which I am a member, had no opportunity to
examine thesubject. .Not a day hadthey to devote
to it—I think I may say not an hour. It is no
fault of the committee that such has been the case.
The chairman, [Mr. I-Iuntek,] if he had time,
would, I know, proceed to the examination of
the subject with-the assiduous care and intelligent
inquiry which mark all his legislative labors. But
neither he nor others have had the opportunity.
It does not belong to this body to originate a
bill of this kind. The Constitution has devolved
that duty upon the House; and all that we can
do is to consider and amend that which they may
send to us. But when the Constitution has so
restiicted us, we ought, at all events, to have it in
our power to examine carefully into these bills.
Must we swallow the whole without an inquiry
as to what is in the dose? Shall we not look to
the ingredients so as to know what they are, and
what are their proportions? Sir, if we pass this
bill now we shall do that very thing, and some of
us may be very much surprised to see the effect
of the bill prove to be quite different from that
which we now apprehend.
I said that all Uuifl' bills had a very important
| influence in two respects; one is in regard to the
supply of means for the support of the Govern-
ment. Let me ask the attention of the Senate for
a few moments to this subject. I do not profess
to be well informed upon it. I have had no more
opportunity than any one else to investigate it;
perhaps less than other gentlemen have had; but
how is this measure likely to affect the revenue of
the country at the presenttime? In the first place
the revenue of the last fiscal year from customs
amounted to about $04,000,000, and from the
public lands $8,500,000. The operation of this
bill, taking off twenty per centum from the duties,
may be assumed to diminish the income twenty
per centum from the customs, and twenty per
centum taken from the $64,000,000 will be nearly
thirteen millions. We may assume, then,that the
operation of the bill directly will be to bring the
revenues of the next fiscal year from the customs
down to §51,000,000. Then, sir, 1 take it that the
public lands are not going to bring us §8,000,000
per annum, as they did last year. We have no
right, from the experience of the past, to antici-
pate any such supply of money coming from that
source, and more especially when we recollect that
our legislation at the present session disposes of
vast bodies of the public lands, without our receiv-
ing a cent for them into the Treasury. Indeed,
these bounties will themselves occasion a sensible
expenditure of public moneys, in clerk hire,&c. I
doubt, therefore, whether that source of the public
revenue will yield one sixth of what was received
the last year. We come, ihen, to about $52,000,000
for the whole revenue of the next fiscal year.^
But this is not the whole reduction which is to
be effected. It is provided in the bill that some
articles, which are of large import, shall be trans-
ferred from one schedule of duty to another, which
will lead to a much greater reduction than twenty
per cent.; for example, there are transfers directed
to be made from the twenty to the ten and five
per cent, schedules, and the reduction of twenty
per cent, being applied to these schedules brings
the duties down to eight and four per cent, re-
spectively. There is also a considerable addition
to our free list. I do not know, and I do not sup-
pose any member of the Senate is prepared to say,
what is" the amount of imports of those articles
which are thus transferred under the bill, from
duty paying classes to the class which pays no
duty, or from the twenty per cent, to the eight
and four per cent, schedules.
But then, sir, look at the matter a little further.
We are not to assume that the imports of the next
year will be equal to the imports of the last fiscal
year. We know that there has been a large de-
cline in those imports. Wo know that in the last
four or five months there has been a reduction of
$6,000,000 in the duties received. I have heard
the Secretary of the Treasury say, I believe that
I betray no confidence in repeating it, that lie
anticipates a reduction of $10,000,000 of revenue
from imports next year. Well, sir, if that reduc-
tion is to ensue from a diminution of imports, and
then there is to be the further reduction which I
have mentioned from the lessening of the rates
of duties, the revenue will be greatly decreased.
That is not all. There are other considerations
yet to be added. There is a large class of arti-
cles which, as the Senator from Pennsylvania
says, now come In free under the reciprocity
treaty with Canada. How much they amount to
I do not know, but several millions ntore, I pre-
sume. So that it will be very surprising to me,
sir, if this bill be passed, if our entire revenue
should come up to the amount of §45,000,000.' I
do not -believe it will. I think our revenue of
$74,000,000 for the last year too much for a proper,
fair, and an economical administration of the Gov-
ernment. Iadmitted yesterday,and I admitagain;
that it is not desirable to have a great excess of
revenue, I know that it leads to extravagance.
I know that where there is a surplus revenue of
millions, there will be a thousand'schemes for
plundering it, and I desire to reduce the revenue of
the country down to thederaands of an economical
administration of the Government, which, while
economical, shall yet be liberal towards all proper
objects of public expenditure, and whenever we
can do so, upon mature consideration, I shall not
become slack in that work. But I am not disposed
to make hasty and ill-considered reductions under
the peculiar circumstances of the case which I
have already described.
Then we should inquire what are to be the ex-
penditures of the next fiscal year? It is truethat
we cannot say with any precision; but they were
§75,000,000 last year. I understand that the ap-
propriations and expenditures for the Navy last
year were $10,708,000. The naval bill, which has
come up from the House, this year appropriatea
nearly $15,000,000. Those of the War Depart-
ment were $11,733,000; and these we know must
be .considerably increased by the addition to our
Army of about three thousand men employed in
distant and expensive service, for which this House
has already provided, and the House of Repre-
sentatives will in some form undoubtedly concur
with us. What additions are to be made to the
expenditures for the civil list, for foreign inter-
course, and miscellaneous matters, 1 do not know.
Cut of this I am sure, that they can be noless
than they were last year; for we have created
new offices and raised many salaries, have pro-
posed to pay in money $7,750,000 in lieu of the
$5,000,000 of retained Texan bonds, and have
passed an unusual number of private bills—all these
items lastyear amounted to nearly $26 000,000 and
I think it is extremely probable that we shall find
the appropriations in all the general branches of the
Government increased during the present year.
These are some of the general considerations
which belong to the subject. I do not intend to
go into details; but, while I am up, I will ask the
Senate to indulge me in a few remarks upon one
or two articles, of minor importance, it is true,
but in regard to which 1 do not think the details
of this tariff have been well considered. The
people of my State are interested in various
branches of business, some of which are among
the minor ones, but which, with many others of
a similar sort, make up an aggregate of a large
amount in value. Now, I find in the fifth section
of this bill a provision "that Prussian blue, arti-
cles not in a crude state, used in dying and tan-
ning, not otherwise provided for, be transferred
to schedule H." Tbatisthe five per centum class,
which, by the operation of the bill, will be reduced
to four per centum. This list of articles not in a
crude state, but changed by American industry and
labor into manufactured articles, includes chro-
mate and bichromate of potash, which are exten-
sively manufactured in Baltimore. The chromic
ores are found in the neighborhood of that city,'
and the part of Pennsylvania adjoining, and these
ores are manufactured to a very large extent. I
understand that the consumption of these chro-
rnates and bichromates is about twenty thousand
pounds a week, at present prices, requiring
$150,000 worth in a year. Well, sir, since the
discovery of chromic ores in that region, and the
manufacuring of these articles, the price has been
brought down from twenty-five cents to thirteen ar.ti
a half cents per pound. The duties now are twenty
per centum,and I understand that the competition
between our manufactures and those of Scotland
is a very close one. Reduce the duties to four
per centuro.and probably you will seriously affect,
if not entirely destroy, the manufacture here.
I have been told by one respectable person,
that the duty of four per cent, will break up the
establishment in which he has invested a large
amount.of money. But Senatoro tell me that this
will not be the effect, and that these words, "not
