1044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
sir, the inevitable consequence will be an increase
in the exportation of specie, and this will be
followed by a further diminution in the business
of the country. Every one knows that. No one
can shut his eyes to it.
But, Mr. President, is there to be no stop to
this legislation, calculated to break down the in-
terests of the State which I represent? I refer to
my own State, particularly, because I am the im-
mediate representative of her interests; and because
1 know that every Senator here is ready to take
care of his own. I ask, then, if these assaults
upon her interests are never to cease?
Much less than a year ago, we had reciprocity
thrust upon us—reciprocity that aimed at elevating
the prosperity of a neighbor, while it proscribed
important domestic interests. These interests
have begun to feel it, and they will feel it still
more sensibly, ft.'week ago a measure passed
this body, striking another Glow at the same in-
terests; and now there comes another, the heaviest
and the last; for beyond this you need not go, as
the prostration will be entire and complete. This
blow Will finish what is left of the prosperity of
several branches of the industry of Pennsylvania.
Sir, I think, if I wished to travel beyond her
limits, I could show that other interests are to be
deeply afl'ected by it also; but I will forbear to do
it. 1 have answered my friend from North Caro-
lina; I have answered some remarks made by the
Senator from Virginia,and I shall, for the present,
take my seat, trusting that the blow may be yet
avoided by the fidelity of the representatives of the
interests which are assailed.
Mr. BADGER. I have been extremely grati-
fied to hear from my friend the announcement of
the intense and exclusive devotion which he has
to his domestic circle. It has afforded me great
consolation, sir, because it is a mitigation in con- ;
eidering that he, like myself, must shortly leave !
the public service of his country; and 1 am happy
to know that the enjoyments which he has derived
here from the patriotic discharge of his duties to
the great State which he represents, and the great
Union of which that State is so large and im-
portant a part, will be amply compensated by the
uninterrupted enjoyment of domestic pleasure.
There he can oiler up the incense of his affec-
tionate heart upon the domestic altar. Soul mixed
with soul may find Elysium there. I hope it may
be permanent and perpetual; and I assure him,
most emphatically, that I am not only extremely !
glad to hear that he has thus exclusive devotion
to his own hearth and fireside, but that I am the
last man in the world who would desire that that
concentration of affection should diffuse itself into
a general admiration. I commend him for the
prosecution of his own particular, heartfelt affec-
tion; and hope that in his retirement Jie will find
ample compensation for what he may lose here.
My friend intimates that it will not be much. I
had misjudged him. 1 thought, when 1 recollected |
that he would lose his associations with me, and •,
a great many other excellent and honorable men ;
here, he might be supposed to think he would be '
losing a great deal, [laughter;] but whether the |
loss be small or great, I hope it will be more than !
compensated for; and I hope he will never be j
tempted, young a8 he is, in the spring-time of his i
life, to forget what belongs to home, and look I
beyond the proper circle in which hia affections !
may luxuriate with the production of happiness
for himself and those around him. j
Now, I have an apology to make to my friend, I
because J misunderstood him; and I have an cx- !
planation to make for myself, because he misun- [
derstood me. I have an apology to make to him, j
because I understood his closing remarks as indi-
eating a disposition, which I did not expect from I
him, to persevere in a factious opposition to the '
pending measure. I admit that the conclusion
was hastily drawn, and attributed to him unjustly
a purpose which he has honorably disavowed;
and 1 beg him to consider me as taking it back,
and tendering him a sincere apology for having
made it.
_ Now, Mr. President, I must make an explana-
tion in regard to myself. My friend supposes
that I attributed to him a blindness, a shortness
of vision, an incapacity of seeing objects at a dis-
tance, and of comprehending at a view the inter-
ests and the broad expanse of this whole Union.
Sir, my friend mistook me. 1 knew that he pos-
sessed that far-reaching vision; but the particular
complaint I made was that on this occasion, and
on this only, so far as my observation extends, he
had permitted that far-reaching vision of hia to be
interrupted by the interposing vastness and ma-
jesty of the great State of Pennsylvania; and
"that, sincerely thinking he was consulting the in-
terests of the whole Union, he was, unknown to
himself, prosecuting the interests of Pennsylvania
only.
As to myself, Mr. President, and the modest
and unpretending State which I have the honor in
part to represent, permit me, in this connection,
to say a word. My friend supposes that I have,
on certain occasions, manifested a disposition to
promote the interests of North Carolina. If that
is to be considered a charge, I freely plead guilty.
I have been at all times desirous, so far as I was
able, to promote the interests of the State which
has honored me with a seat here. But let me ask
every gentleman on this.floor to consider what
has that State ever received at the hands of the
General Government? What enterprises of hers
have been fostered ? What large outlays of pub-
lic money have been made to advance her inter-
eats, to adorn her with populous cities, and to give
her the advantages of a large and extensive com-
merce > Sir, what is the whole of it ? My friend
has referred to two matters in which that State
has taken a great and deep interest. One is what
is commonly called the Nagg's Head improve-
ment—an endeavor to procure from this Govern-
ment some appropriation to test the practicability
of reopening a communication with the Atlantic
ocean, which was once known to exist, and is be-
lieved to be capable of being restored to the com-
merce of the State. And what has been the suc-
cess of the State in those applications? Not one
dollar of the public money has ever been ex
pended there for the purposeof making,or for the
purpose of testing the practicability of making,
that communication. Once, a number of years
ago, an appropriation of the sum of §50,000 was
obtained in a general bill, which met with thecom-
plimentary notice of a presidential veto, fell under
the influence of a tender conscience, and was de-
stroyed by the sensitive apprehensiveness of the
President of the United States lest some good
should be done to the general interests of the
country. Well, sir, within a few years another
appropriation was made; but it was found that,
ill consequence of a specific direction as to the
mode of its application, it was impossible that
any application could be niade of it at all; and
the Senate knows, that early in the commence-
ment of the last session, I introduced a bill to cor-
rect the mistake in the manner of the appropria-
tion. The Senate was kind enough to pass it—it
being an obvious case of propriety—in two min-
utes. What became of it' What good has it
produced?. It has lingered here to the end of the
session, and at last it has received the favorable
consideration of the other House. What is it?
An appropriation of $50,000 towards an object in
which the whole State feels a deep interest, and
which concerns especially the whole northeastern
part of the State.
Well, then, sir, there is the Cape Pear river. I
introduced here a bill in regard to it. Was it
warring against the general interests of the coun-
try ? Did it put any obstacle in the way of any
general bill which the friends of the improvement
of rivers and harbors might desire to introduce and
pass? No, sir; it was introduced here as an iso-
lated measure. It passed the Senate; it went to
the House of Representatives, and, after remain-
ing there more than a year, it at length received
an apparently reluctant assent, and passed with a
most beneficial provision stricken out. That, I
believe, is the beginning, the middle, and the end
of the whole story of what the Government of
the United States has done for improving the com-
mercial condition of North Carolina.
Now, let me ask my friend if he has ever known
me, in this body, to give a vote against any liberal
or just measure to promote and advance the inter-
ests, the happiness, and the welfare of any portion
of the people of this country? No, sir; never in
a single instance. I have—to borrow a common,
almost a cant phrase—a clear and clean record
upon that subject. Though I love my own State,
and desire to promote her interests and advance-
ment, I never had a feeling of grudging or envy
against the wealth, the power, or the advance-
ment of any portion of this great country. I
call the whole of it my country, and my heart
expands with joy and gratification when I see
prosperity pouring into it, and into every portion
of it. I know that my friend and I sympathize
entirely in that. I know his whole course of
voting and legislation is honorable, and liberal,
and fair. The only exception I have taken has
been, that, on this occasion, the view of the mighty
interests of Pennsylvania, and the interposition of
that large and resplendent orb have overpowered
his own clear vision, and he was able to see noth-
ing else. But when my friend spoke of anything
said by me in unkindness, let me say that, if any-
thing that I have said sounded like unkindness,
may it be blotted out forever. I have not a feeling
of unkindness towards him, or towards any of my
associates on this Poor.
Mr. COOPER. I did not suppose one word
said by the Senator from North Carolina was con-
ceived in unkindness. 1 knew that it was badinage.
I knew that it was said in kindness, and meant in
kindness. Nor, sir, did I intend to reproach him
for the efforts he has made in behalf of his own
State. On the contrary I commend him for them;
and I sympathized with him when those efforts
were defeated by causes which were entirely be-
yond his control. As far as personal regard is
concerned, I can say to the Senator that f never
entertained a feeling of unkindness towards him;
nor is there a member on this floor towards whom
I entertain any such feeling. On the contrary, I
believe there is not a member here with whom my
associations have notal ways been of themost agree-
able nature. I can say sincerely, that when I part
with my colleagues here, unless something very
extraordinary should occur, I shall part with them
m kindness and with feelings of deep regret.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from North Carolina.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, 1 have a few
remarks to make, not on the amendment offered
by the honorable Senator from North Carolina,
but on the proposition submitted to us last evening
by the honorable Senator from Virginia who
stands at the head of the Committee on Finance.
I heard that proposition with mingled surprise and
regret. I had not expected that such a proposition
would come from a gentleman whose conservative
course has been one which has always been a mat- ^
ter of admiration with me.
Mr. President, I can hardly express in language
the objections which I entertain to the condition of
things at which we are now arriving, resulting
from the abandonment of all rules necessary for
the preservation of order and the rights of the
minority in reference to the legislation of the
country. Here we find tacked to an appropriation
bill a general revision of the entire impost system
of the country. For this we have a substitute
offered by the honorable Senator from North Car-
olina, which does not go quite so far. Both, ia
my view, without entering into their merits, are
leading us to the culminating point of coercive
legislation. My objection to them both is founded
altogether on that principle. We have, at times,
hitherto, within the last ten years, introduced a
system of attaching to the appropriation bills
legislation to a small amount, and on subjects
either of local interest or which required no great
discussion. Those were evils; but the injury
which must inevitably follow the adoption of this
bill, as it comes to us from the House, without
striking out the general legislation in reference to
the tariff, is the establishment of a precedent
which will put an end to all other legislation in
Congress, than that which is effected by coercion
through the medium of the appropriation bills. I
consider the principle involved in that far more
momentous than the question whether the tariff,
if it is too high, should be modified at this or the
next session of Congress, or even the session after
that. In relative importance there is no compari-
son whatever.
I am not willing, by my vote, to sanction the
adoption of a general system of legislation on the
appropriation bills for any and every purpose that
a majority may see fit to place on them. The
effect necessarily must be to stop the discussion
of matters of general legislation; and then what
becomes of our country as a free country, and
what becomes of legislative bodies as Dodies in
which theie is to be full, fair, and free discussion
and investigation of measures, the effect of which
is afterwards to be judged of by the people of the
