1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1045
country ? If you can coerce a minority by placing
them in this position, that ei ther they must abandon
the discussion of the principles of a measure, and
adopt it, or they must stop the wheels of Govern-
ment by voting down an appropriation bill which
is necessary for its support, to what fearful con-
sequences may it not lead? And yet that is the
effect of the system.
The honorable Senator from Virginia seems to
think that this is an exceptional case, because he
says this legislation was not put on this bill in
the House by a sectional combination; that it was
not produced by political combination; but that
members of Congress from Massachusetts and
South Carolina, from Virginia and Pennsylvania
united in favor of tacking this measure on this
bill. Sir, whether it be political combination or
sectional combination, is not the question; it is
combination of some kind; it is combination for
the purpose of coercive legislation. It amounts,
then, to personal and objectionable combination.
I care not from what source it springs; it is a vio-
lation of right; it is a violation not of mere forms,
but of those rules of order which lie at the found-
ation of deliberative assemblies. By my vote no
such general legislation, even if I thought thelegis-
lation in itself perfectly right and proper in all
respects, shall be tacked to an appropriation bill.
Sir, if the issuecomes—I say it deliberately, and
others will agree in it, that if my vote can defeat
this appropriation bill—rather than tack this gen-
eral legislation to it, I am perfectly willing to take
the responsibility of the rejection of the bill. 1
know that result must come hereafter, beyond all
question, if this precedent be set. You have never
gone heretofore to anything like this extent. Why,
sir, at the last session of Congress the Committee
on Public Buildings instructed me to move, as an
amendment to the civil and diplomatic appropri-
ation bill, a provision for the enlargement of the ;
Genetal Post Office Building. 1 he honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia opposed it on the ground that
it was legislation inappropriate to the bill, and it
was voted down by the Senate on that ground.
What was there in that measure which was liable
to such an objection? It was not general legisla-
tion for the country. It was a measure which,
undoubtedly, was absolutely requisite, and the
Senate have recognized the necessity by passing
a separate bill for that purpose at this session
without a dissenting voice. It was voted down at
the last session on the ground which I have stated.
I considered it proper and fair to introduce it then
as an amendment to the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill, because it involved, in fact, no
legislation whatever, but was merely an appro-
priation for the enlargement of one of the public
buildings, though, of course, there was implied in
that the legislation necessary to authorize the en-
largement of that building. Perhaps I was wrong
in doing that; but I followed a settled practice,
which had gone even beyond that extent, and 1
kept myself within it. Hereafter, however, I mean
to act on the rigid rule of excluding all legislation
on appropriation bills, so far as my vote can do it,
because I see the evil has now arrived at such a
point, that, by the assent of the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, and apparently of a Jarge
number of Senators, we are to legislate on general
principles affecting the industry of the country by
a provision tacked to an appropriation bill, when,
by no possibility, can the details of that measure
be matured according to the judgment of the Sen-
ate.
Sir, I do not know that I should have any ob-
jection to this tariff bill if it came here as a sep-
arate measure and was thoroughly discussed. I
am in favor, and always have been, of a tariff
formed upon the revenue principle. I may differ
in regard to some of the details of this measure.
I have not examined them; I have not had time
to examine them. They come to us here within
four days of the expiration of the session, and
they are presented to us by the chairman of the
Committee on Finance with a recommendation to
adopt them without amendment. I have no time
to look into these matters. I think there are
some errors in the present tariff. I think that
tariff requires revision, but I, by no means, am j
satisfied that it is necessary to revise it at this or
the next session of Congress. The country will
not be ruined if you do not do so; but, sir, the
country, if not ruined now, will be ultimately
ruined by a system which puts at defiance all the
rules of legislation necessary for the preservation
of the rights of a minority.
My objection, then,applies equally either to the
amendment of the honorable Senator from North
Carolina, or to the proposition of the Senator from
Virginia—the attempt to retain in this bill, as it
comes from the House, legislation on the subject
of the tariff. I should take the same course if I
were entirely in favor of the particular proposi-
tion. Sir, I voted in this Hall for what is called
the French spoliation bill. If an attempt should
be made in this body to tack that bill to an appro-
priation bill, I should vote against it without a
moment's hesitation; and yet that would not be
comparable to the questions involved in this at-
tempt to modify the tariff under present circum-
stances; because one is a mere relief to individual
claimants, very much in the nature of a private
bill, and the other involves legislation which must
be felt in its details throughout this whole country
—a revision of a general system of legislation; I
do not know the extent of the changes proposed
by it.
As has been well stated, you might just as well
alter your judiciary system by tacking it to the
same bill; and if gentlemen who entertain par-
ticular opinions on another delicate question ever
obtain a majority in either House, they may adopt
the same course. It may happen that, in the
House of Representatives of the United States, the
day will come when there will be a majority—
perhaps in the next Congress—who will believe
that the fugitive slave law is unconstitutional, who
will believe that you have the right, and that it is
your duty, to abolish slavery in the District of
Columbia, who will believe that you were wrong
in repealing the Missouri compromise line, and
that it ought to be restored. If such a majority
should exist, and they should tack to a general
appropriation bill all those measures, they will
plead your own example. They will say; " We
entertain these opinions conscientiously; you have
shown us that this system oflegislation ought to be
adopted; that is, that one House may coerce the
other under the penalty of either stopping the
operations of the Government or yielding their
independent opinions; and we have only followed
your own example."
Such a course of events may come about, for
ought I know, whether a tariff provision be at-
tached to the present appropriation bill or not; but
I never mean to afford the precedent of my vote
to this system, nor do I think those who desire
orderly legislation should afford such a precedent
by their action. I do notthmk they can go prop-
erly before the country and say, that, entertaining
particular opinions, one branch of Congress un-
dertakes to coerce the other branch under the
penalty of stopping the appropriations if they do
not yield their own opinions on particular ques-
tions which they consider of moment. That is
the whole case here. You cannot say that both
branches agree as to this measure, for you cannot
tell whether the Senate would agree to it or not.
We have no time to discuss it; we have no time
to go into its details. It would be morally impos-
sible to go into the amendments necessary for the
purpose of ascertaining what would be the delib-
erate judgment of the Senate. When it comes to
us in this shape, it is coercive legislation on this
body, and it is coercive legislation in this body on
the minority of the body. If legislation is coer-
cive, it matters not what is the source or motive
which tempts to the coercion. The principle is
equally erroneous in legislation; it equally strikes
at the fundamental basis on which deliberative as-
semblies in a free Government must necessarily
be constituted.
This is no mere point of order; it is an import-
ant and vital question. We have gone on some
steps, and we come now to an issue which will
try the form of this Government to its utmost. If
you adopt this tariff provision attached to a gen-
eral appropriation bill, as has been done by the
House of Representatives, the result will be that
hereafter all your legislation must be through the
medium of appropriation bills, for you will have
the sanction of precedent which cannot possibly
be avoided.
Now, Mr. President, I consider the principle
far too important to yield it, at least without a
struggle, with reference to the present bill. It
will last in all time. You rarely go backwards in
measures of this kind. You have only to look at
your own experience in reference to this subject
to be sure of that result. If twenty yearsago this
proposition "had been made in the Senate of the
united States, it would have been voted down
almost unanimously, without reference at all to
the question of whether the tariff ought to be re-
vised or not. They would have said: "If the
tariff requires revision, revise it; but do it in the
proper manner. If there are any exceptions to be
made, make them, but make them in the proper
bill, and in the appropriate manner, and do not
attempt to coerce either one House or the other,
or the minority in either House, into your par-
ticular frame of bill by throwing on them the re-
sponsibility, and saying to them, you shall defeat
the appropriation bill, or we hold this measure to
it." Sir, be it so. As far as I am concerned, if
my vote must kill this bill, or must pass it, with
this general legislation attached to it, the bill will
be killed, and I am willing to take the responsi-
bility of the act. The result will come hereafter,
if not now, if this precedent be established; and it
may as well be met at once. I should be sorry to
see the Senate adopt this course of legislation, for
I know it will be pleaded as a precedent for future
action. Gentlemen who favor the particular meas-
ure they now seek to carry in this mode, may find
that measures very obnoxious to them will be en-
forced in the same mode, and they will be placed
in a false position before the country when they
go before the people, and say: "The spirit of
fanaticism has tempted men not only to pass cer-
tain laws which we consider violative of the Con-
stitution, but it has tempted them to put upon ua
the issue of stopping the operations of the Govern-
ment, or yielding to what, in our consciences, we
believed to be wrong." Sir, you cannot answer
them when they tell you here is your precedent of
general legislation. If you set this precedent you
will have no argument before the country to resist
the tacking to the appropriation bills of those meas-
ures to which I have alluded.
Mr. President, in all cases there is no safety
but in the observance of the rules of order. I am
one of those who believe there is far more danger
in a free country, governed by deliberative assem-
blies, of too much rather than too little legislation.
I believe that if a measure is in itself eminently
right, it will ultimately triumph, and the mere
quantum of injury that may exist until public
opinion forces the triumph of that measure, is of
comparatively little moment. I say there is far
more danger of too much legislation in a country
governed by a representative form of government,
than there is in too little legislation. The one is a
positive evil, the other merely a defect.
Entertaining these opinions, I believe the rule
which prevents appropriation bills being used as
the vehicles for general legislation, to be a wise
one; that it is meant to prevent coercion on the
part of the majority of one body over the other
body; and I think that principle is essential for
free deliberation and free discussion, and for the
proper passage of laws. Though I may deem a
measure valuable, and a great improvement in the
administration of public affairs, I would rather see
it lost, and rely upon the sense of the country to
return representatives afterwards who would pass
it, than to sacrifice a great principle which, I think,
lies at the bottom of all legislative organization in
free countries, of not permitting coercive legisla-
tion.
On these grounds, sir, I shall vote for the mo-
tion which has been made by my honorable col-
league, to strike out the last sections of this bill,
and against the motion of the Senator from North
Carolina to insert his proposition. If that oe in-
serted in this bill, or if the provisions which my
honorable colleague has moved to strike out be
retained by the Senate, I shall vote against the
passage of the bill.
Mr. SEWARD addressed the Senate, but be-
fore he had proceeded far 
Mr. JOHNSON. If the Senator will give way
for a moment, I will make a suggestion.
Mr. SEWARD. I yield the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is now half past three
o'clock, and it is evident that a night session is
inevitable. It may be said that a night session is
necessary in any event, if we mean to doourduty,
and that we should come to some determination
of these questions. It is easy to perceive, how-
ever, that there is much to be said on this matter.
That being the case, and there being many gen-
