1046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
tlemen here who will not be able to endure the
fatigue of a continuous session to a late hour in
the night, 1 move that the Senate take a recess to
six o'clock.
Mr. CLAY. I trust the motion of the Senator
from Arkansas will not prevail. I feel a deep in-
terest in this question. I am physically unable
to come here and sit the greater part of the night,
■which I fear we shall have to do if we adjourn
until si? or seven o'clock. Furthermore, after the
intimations which have been given of a purpose
to defeat this measure, so far as physical power
will enable gentlemen to do so, I thinK it behooves
the friends of this measure,if it have any, to resist
any proposition for adjournment or recess, where-
by they will be enabled to recover their strength,
and come here fully prepared to carry out their
menaces. X trust we shall hold on, and come to
some definite conclusion, and either vote out this
provision, or indicate a purpose to retain it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let me say to my friend
from Alabama that the purpose which I have in
view in regard to this measure is the same as that
which he nas expressed. I am for a settlement
of the question, and he knows that my views upon
H coincide very much with his. He has objected
to my motion that it will enable those who are
opposed to the measure to recuperate. Well, sir,
1 think that those in favor of it ought also to have
an opportunity to recuperate. He seems to think,
however, that by sitting on we shall exhaust those
who are opposed to it; but it strikes me that those
in favor of it would also be exhausted in the same
way. The simple question with me is, whether
we cannot do more work now by taking a short
recess, than by continuing steadily on. If we meet
at six o'clock, we shall have six hours before
twelve o 'clock, which is a reasonable bed time here.
It is indifferent to me, whether the Senate take a
recess or not, for I believe 1 can sit here as long as
nine out of every ten members in the body.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 shall vote against the
proposition for a recess, because I see no benefit
in it whatever; but before 1 take my seat I shall
move an adjournment, for the reasons which 1
will now state.
1 perceive, from what is going on around us,
that we shall be apt, in discussing this subject any
further to-day, to allow our passions to get the
better of our reason, and excitement to take the
place of argument. I believe, sir—I cannot but
believe—that when the honorable Senator fromVir-
ginia, whose whole course through his whole life
to this hour, has been so conservative as it has
been, and those gentlemen who have just spoken
for and against this recess, who have usually acted
with him, I say I cannot but believe that when the
hour of calm reflection shall come after an adjourn-
ment, when they go home and reflect upon the
consequences of the determination which they
seem now to evince, they will hesitate long before
they will bring this Government to a stand; they
will hesitate before they adopt any such revolu-
tionary expedient for so questionable an end; they
will long hesitate, ere, with a decided Demacratic
majority in both branches of Congress, a Demo-
cratic President shall find himself without means
to carry on the Government, except by resorting
to that most perilous of all expedients, an extra
session of Congress. If, however, under the cir-
cumstances, and after such reflection, they shall
think proper to persist in that course, those who,
with the honorable Senator from Delaware, who
last spoke, [Mr. Bayard,] believe that self-gov-
ernment by deliberative assemblies cannot exist
under the pressure of coercive principles like these
now sought to be applied to the minority; those
who believe that the bitter chalice which is now
recommended to some lips, may, at some future
day, with ten-fold effect, be turned to the lips of
those who bow offer that chalice to others; those
of us who believe that, under no circumstances,
and in no event, is it proper to allow the ordinary
appropriations for carrying on the Government to
be embarrassed by measures involving the great
interests of the country to the extent to which this
measure does involve them, without examination,
without consideration, without an opportunity for
examination or for consideration, will be com-
pelled to resist this expedient to the bitter end, and
let the country determine upon which side shall
rest the responsibility.
We stand here upon this subject, as I have said
I have sftOod up'on Others, rfe'si&'ting encroachment,
resisting aggression, resisting that which is ad-
mitted by the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance himself to be an objectionable
precedent in legislation, what he seeks to defend
merely as a temporary expedient of the moment,
what he would not defend for one instant if the
measures which are proposed to be tacked to this
bill were not such measures as his own political
principles would lead him under other circum-
stances to advocate. I have no special objection
myself to many provisions of the tariff amend-
ment in this bill, but I say, with the honorable
Senator from Delaware, if I approved of every
word and line contained in them, I would still
deem it my duty to resist this mode of passing
them. It is obvious to us, Mr. President, that if
we once accede to this, the legislation of the
country will no longer be the legislation of both
branches of Congress, but will be the legislation
of the Finance Committees of the two Houses of
Congress. It is obvious to all, that whatever
measure a majo it/ of the Finance Committee of
either House may agree with the Finance Com-
mittee of the other House to press through, will
be pressed through,'regardless of all consequences,
and those who may feel opposed to those meas-
ures, will have thrown upon them the alternative,
either of defeating the appropriations necessary
for the ordinary business of the country, or of
yielding to the agreement between the Finance
Committees of the two Houses. Up to the present
time, there is scarcely a general subject of im-
portant legislation that is brought into these ap-
propriation bills. Why should we depart from
the usual course? Let us look at the danger of
this, as it is exhibited to us at the present Congress.
Cast your eyes to the vote given in the House
the other day upon this very civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill. With a large majority in both
branches of Congress in favor of what is called
the French spoliation bill, an attempt to tack that
to this bill was voted down in the House, voted
down by its own friends upon the ground that it
was improper to attempt to force the President to
sign that bill by threatening him with withholding
the appropriations if he did not. And yet, some
of the very men (whose action I most heartily con-
curred in and 1 most heartily approved of) who
voted against putting that appropriation upon this
bill upon the ground that it was a violation of pre-
cedent, that it was subversive of all justlegislation,
and of the constitutional rights of minorities, voted
to put a general tariff bill into the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill of the country !
Now, Mr. President, what is all this except
what the honorable Senator from Delaware has
said, a combination of interest to defeat consider-
ate legislation upon any subject, and to put the
legislation of the country at the mercy of the
Finance Committees of both Houses ? Why,sir,
it is the old question which lies at the very foun-
dation of your own Revolution. It is that the
interests of the country are determined upon with-
out representation, and without the right of dis-
cussion, without our being heard upon them, with-
out the slightest opportunity to examine or debate
them.
I believe, sir, that an adjournment will be pro-
ductive of good; 1 believe gentlemen will think
over the matter; I believe when they get home in
quiet they will ask themselves how they would
like a measureof this kind forced upon them under
such circumstances. If the majority here is in
favor of this particular legislation now, the mem-
bers of that majority may each in turn find him-
j self in the minority upon some other question. I
do not believe, I cannot bring myself to believe,
that the Senator from Virginia will so far depart
from those principles which have hitherto marked
his legislative action; will so far violate all that
propriety and consistency of legislation of which
he has been the most distinguished advocate upon
this floor, as to persist in the course which he has
thus far recommended to the adoption of the Sen-
ate. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 14, noes 22.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
the motion of the Senator from Arkansas, that the
Senate take a recess until six o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON. As I perceive that there is
much opposition to the motion, and that all the
young Senators are opposed to it, except myself,
I withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from New.
York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the Senator from Ar-
kansas will renew his motion for a recess. I will
vote for that, though I cannot vote for an adjourn-
ment at this time.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should have preferred to
have the motion made by a greater and wiser mem-
ber of the body. I feel able to sit here until twelve
o'clock to-morrow, if necessary, but as the Sena-
tor from Georgia has requested me to renew the
motion, I do so.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 move that the recess ba
until seven o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON. My motion is six o'clock.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will put the
question first on the longest time. The question
is on taking a recess until seven o'clock.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. Johnson's motion was agreed to—ayes 17,
noes 16; and the Senate accordingly took a recess
until six o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at six o'clock.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Smithsonian
Institution, communicating the ninth annual re-
port of the Board of Regents of that Institution;
which was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
A motion by Mr. BRODHEAD to print ten
thousand additional copies of the report, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
HORATIO RAGAN.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, which was submitted by Mr. Clayton
yesterday:
Resolved, That Horatio Hasan be continued in the service
of the Senate under tile autborily of the Serjeant-at-Anns,
until the further order of tbe Senate.
Mr. WELLER. I understand that is simply
to continue one of the pages who has reached the
age of sixteen.
The resolution was agreed to.
PER DIEM OP SENATORS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, which was presented by Mr. SewARD
on the 26th ultimo:
Resolved, That the Secretary of tbe Senate pay, under
the direction of the President of the Senate the usual per
diem to such Senators as did not take their seats at the
opening of ihe session by reason of sickness of themselves
or families, providential causes, or necessary business.
Mr. CLAYTON. I move to strike out " or
necessary business." That is necessary to make
it conform to the usual course of procedure.
Mr. SEWARD. If a Senator appears hereon
the first day of the session, goes away on the
second, and comes back on the last day of the
session, as I understand it, he receives his com-
pensation for the full time. There is no record
kept, no question raised, but he receives pay for
the time that he was absent between the period
when he appeared in the Senate and the period
when the Senate adjourns. Now, that being, as
I understand, the customary and settled practice
of the Senate, I am unable to see why a Senator
who is delayed by necessary business, one day,
or two, or three, or five, or ten days, at the begin-
ning of the session, shall forfeit his pay, when, if
he came on the first day, and left, and was absent
the same length of time, he would receive it. I
see no reason for that. It is best to be consistent,,
and either reform our practice of paying absentees
at all, or else make it consistent at all times, under
all circumstances. I submit to the Senator from
Delaware that it is a distinction without any de-
gree of difference.
Mr. CLAYTON. There is no law for paying
any man who stays away upon his own business.
The object of this resolution is to make a law to
allow a man^pay while he is at home attending to
his own affairs^ That is unexampled. No such
a law as that has ever been passed, and I hope it
will not pass now.
The PRESIDENT put the question, and de-
clared that the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I call for a division.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope my friend from
Delaware will withdraw his amendment. We
have pretty hard work and pow pay as it is.
