1048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
having the floor upon that bill, the Chair will not
entertain any other motion, unless by unanimous
consent.
Mr. SEWARD. I have no objection to it.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Pennsylvania object to the motion of the Senator
from Maryland?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I should like to know what
it is. If it is to print anything coming from Pro-
fessor Espy on the subject of meteorology, I am
opposed to it.
Mr. PEARCE. A report was made fo the Sen-
ate by the Committee on Printing, and the Senate
concurred in that report without consideration. I
believe that moat of the Senate did not know—I
certainly did not know—what was the subject of
the report. It related to the printing of Professor
Espy's meteorological report. What I want is, to
reconsider the vote by which the report of the
committee was concurred in, in order to have it
printed.
Mr. ADAMS. I object. Let us go on with
the regular order of business.
BOUNTY LAND BILL—BOUNDARY OF FLOR-
IDA AND GEORGIA.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I wish to make an appeal
to the Senator from New York and to the Senate.
If anybody objects, of course I will yield. A great
public measure has come back to us from the
House of Representatives, with amendments. I
mean the bounty land bill. It has been greatly
reduced in its dimensions, and I hope, by unani-
mous consent, the Senate will take it up, and con-
cur in its amendments.
Mr. PEARCE. I shall be obliged to object,
while another motion is pending.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from New
York is entitled to the floor, if he claims it; if he
does not, the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill being under consideration, any other Senator
can take the floor, or the question will be taken
on the pending amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. If my friend from New
York will allow me, I will ask the Senate to take
up a resolution, which is lying on the table, in
reference to printing some public documents,
which was objected to a few days since by the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden.]
Mr. SEWARD. I have no objection, if it pro-
duces no debate.
Mr. MALLORY. If it will produce any de-
bate, I will consent to let it go over.
The order was as follows:
Orderpd, That the Secretary of tile Senate cause to be
complied and printed, with Hie documents of the present
so«sion, all the documents and other papers in any wise
relating to the boundary line between the States of Georgia
and Florida, heretofore laid before either House of Con-
gress, and all reports of committees, and all proceedings
and actions of either House thereon, so arranging the same
that no papers be twice printed in such compilation.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent to consider that order.
Mr. WELLER. I simply desire to ask my
friend from Florida what necessity there is for
printing all this correspondence? I believe the line
has been established. I would like to know the
necessity for the publication of this matter at the
present time?
Mr- MALLORY. The line has not been es-
tablished; but if the matter is to be discussed, I
must let it go over.
Mr. BADGER. Let i-t lie over for the present.
Mr. WELLER. I do not wish to be consid-
ered as objecting; but I supposed the Senator from
Florida could, in a word, answer my question.
Mr. BRODHEAD. With the consent of the
Senator from New York, I wish to makeanother
appeal to the Senate to take up and consider the
amendment to the bounty land bill. It seems to
me there can be no objection to it.
Mr. HUNTER. I would'suggest to the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania that he would save time by
permitting Senators who wish to look into the bill
to do so. My impression is, that there will be no
difficulty about it after it has been examined.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It has been published in
this morning's papers.
Mr. HUNTER. So far as I am concerned, I
am satisfied with it.
Mr. SLIDELL. I must object.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC S'LL.
The Seaatt, as in Committee of ihe Whole,
resumed the consideration of the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill,
Mr. SEWARD. Mr- President, I regard the
proposition to incorporate a new tariff system into
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill as one
of a revolutionary character. I believe that if we
shall suffer the House of Representatives thus to
attach a condition, and such a condition, to their
assent to an appropriation bill, to the principal
one of the appropriation bills, we shall establish a
precedent which can never be revoked, and which
will leave the Senate and the whole Government
under the coercive dictation of a majority of the
other branch of the Legislature. I think it be-
longed to the honorable gentleman—the senior
Senator from Delaware—to protest against that
measure, and to arouse the attention of the Senate.
It belonged to him not only on account of his great
experience here, but also because the Senate is the
body which is necessarily relied on to save the
rights of the States, especially of the smaller States,
in which class Delaware belongs. I award to
him, and also to hiscolleague, [Mr. Bayard,] the
tribute of my thanks for the fidelity with which
they, in the name of their State, have sustained
the independence of the Senate in this debate.
Let me state the question. The House of Rep-
resentatives virtually say that if the Senate will
agree that certain modifications of the tariff in re-
gard to wool shall be made for the benefit of the
manufacturer of that staple, and will also consent
to certain modifications of the tariff in regard to
iron, for the benefit of consumers of that metal,
chiefly railroad companies, then the President and
other executive officers of the Government, civil,
judicial, and diplomatic, may receive their salaries
secured to ihem by the Constitution and laws, and
the Senators and members of Congress may also
receive their legal compensation for their services
during the year. But if the Senate will not con-
sent to those modifications, then no officer of the
Government however high, no servant of the
people however low, shall receive any compensa-
tion whatever. Well, sir, as this poor world of
ours goes even the laborer in spiritual things claims
his " hire;" much more reason is thereto suppose
that if patriotsare denied their pay the public service
must stop. If the public service is ended, then the
Government itself ceases. This, sir, is the way
in which they bring about a change of Ministry m
Great Britain. It is proposed to try the same pro-
cess in this country. I spcuk,sir, only for myself;
but I do not hesitate to declare that I will, if need be,
stand here protesting against this innovation until
Sunday morning, the 4th of March next, shall
come in to relieve all of us of further duties here.
Sir, there is great wisdom, there is Nestorian
wisdom in the counsel of the honorable Senators
from Delaware. It may be that it is only now a
question of relieving woolen manufacturers and
railroad builders, but another House of Repre-
sentatives may give us, in the same form, a ques-
tion of slavery or a question of freedom, and may
seek in the same way to coerce our consent to their
policy in that respect. Are you prepared for
that? When the precedent shall have once been
established, what will protect you against the
most unbounded license of assumption by the
House of Representatives ?
Again, sir, when you shall have suffered the
House of Representatives to incorporate a new
tariff into the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill, what shall hinder the same power from
attaching the French spoliation bill to the naval
service bill. Moreover, when the President ofthe
United States shall hereafter veto any bill, a ma-
jority of the two Houses, adopting the precedent
now to be established, can practically annul the
veto by suspending his own compensation and
arresting the wheels of the Government.
Sir, I was quite surprised to hear the honorable
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] say that
this measure does not come suddenly upon us;
that we cannot plead that it was unforeseen, and,
therefore, we are unprepared. It seems a sufficient
reply, that this bill was laid on our tables only
yesterday, and that we sat here throughout that
day and into the night, occupied with other na-
tional subjects. There is no member of the Senate
who has had an opportunity to examine the bill
and to ascertain what is its bearing on even any
one, much less on all the hundred interests of
agriculture, and manufactures, and trade, which
are involved in this measure.
The House of Representatives is without ex-
cuse in this matter. We met the House here on
the first Monday in December, 1853. The oper-
ation of the then existing tariff was as apparent
then as it is now. The country looked to Congress
then to correct the evils now complained of. We
are nowjust about to part, on the 3d of March,
1855. They have had two years to mature a bill.
They have delayed to do it; and now they bring
us a bill just as we are ready to adjourn. And
when we ask them to examine its details and de-
cide on its merits, they virtually tell us, take it as
it is, without altering a figure, or the appropria-
tions for the support of the Government shall be
withheld.
What is the character of the tariff project an-
nexed to the bill? Does any one pretend that it
has any other design than first to reliyte railroad
companies, and secondly, to favor the manufac-
turers of woolens. This is apparent, because the
honorable Senator from North Carolina [Mr.
Badger] accepts it as a substitute for his own
plan, which is confined exclusively to those two
objects. I see no necessity, and even no reason,
for adopting either of the two plans, nor for adopt-
ing any tariff plan whatever, unless it be one very
different from either; namely, a tariff of protection
to American agriculture and American manufac-
tures generally. Such a tariff, sir, you will not
now propose, nor will it ever be sustained here
until you are brought back to it by not an over-
flowing Treasury, but an exhausted one.
This tariff project visits with severe inflictions
two of the greatest interests in the country.
First, the protection of iron. The reduction of
duty proposed is practically a denial of all pro-
tection. Is the iron interest so strong that it can
bear actual oppression ? On the contrary, there is
not a rolling mill for making railroad iron left in
operation in the whole couutry.
The friends of the railroads leave us only the
alternatives of this project, or the one that is
brought forward by the honorable Senator from
North Carolina, [MLr. Badger,] viz: a credit of
three years, without interest or duties, upon rail-
road iron. That would be equivalent to an entire
abolition of the duties; for, at the end of that
period, the railroad companies would obtain, with-
out difficulty, an entire remission of the duties.
So, in either case, we see before us a destruction
of the domestic manufacture of iron for railroads.
Sir, I am one of those who believe that the one
interest which this country ought to preserve and
cherish, even more sedulously than most others, is
the production of iron. I believe that if it were
compelled to choose, whether it would surrender
mining of gold in California, or mining of iron in
Pennsylvania, or in Virginia, it would wisely re-
linquish the precious metals, and stand fast by the
useful and necessary one. It is notgold, but iron,
that is the chief agent of civilization, it was the
refusal of the liberty to work iron mines, not a
refusal of the privilege of searching for gold, that
was among the causes of the Revolution which
freed the Colonies from British dominion, and
insured their independence.
It is not my purpose to go minutely into the
details of this project. It would require time to
understand them, and time to discover their prob-
able operation. No time is allowed for either pur-
pose. But I think I see plainly onegeneral feature
that marks the project, which is, that whatever
benefits it offers to manufacturers of any class, it
denies such benefits altogether to the iron manu-
facturer. I have commented on this feature suffi-
ciently already.
There is another feature of the project not any
less prominent. It is, that whatever benefit it
gives to manufacturers of any class are given at
the expense, not of foreign manufacturers, but of
American producers of raw materials. There are
some manufactures in which salt is used. Salt
imported for such use is to be free, at the expense
of our own salt manufacturers. Manufacturers of
wool are favored, but the wool grower is made to
bear the burden from which the manufacturer is
released. You propose to reduce the duty on wool
to eight cents, which is practically making wool
a free article. So something^ is given by way of
favor to the manufacturer of linseed' oil, but it is
at the cost of the producer of flaxseed. Yet, while
we are engaged in such legislation as this—legis-
lation so destructive of mining and agriculture—
we are enlarging our borders, and bringing in new
