1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1049
coal-fields, new prairies, and new pasturages. Sir,
I can conceive of no caprices in Government equal
to this form of statesmanship. We have vast
plains in New Mexico, and the mountain slopes
of the Rocky mountains, and of the Sierra Madre
mountains, recently added to the western prairies,
and to the sides of the Alleghany mountains,
boundless regions adapted to sheep culture, and
here we are proposing to go abroad to buy wool
for our own manufacture. Senators tell us that
we can raise sheep as cheaply as they can be raised
in foreign countries. So we can; and so we can
manufacture all fabrics as cheaply, if you leave the
element of human labor out of the account. Men
are dearer, costlier here than in the Old World.
They are so for the reason that they are free, inde-
pendent men, not mere peasants or serfs.
[Here the Senate took a recess.]
Mr. SEWARD resumed. I have now to say a
word about the manner in which tariff laws ought
to be prepared and submitted to Congress. I think
that heretofore such laws have been prepared by
a committee charged with that special duty, and
after conference with persons interested in all the
various departments of agriculture, manufactures,
and trade, and after a careful balancing, so as to
equalize the benefits and burdens of the laws as
much as possible. I believe that this is the way in
which revenue laws are always prepared in the
British Parliament. I am quite sure that this was
the way which was taken in preparing the tariff
laws of 1842, and of 1846. How widely different
is the course which has been taken here. This pro-
ject was suddenly sprung on the House of Repre-
sentatives within a week of the day fixed for ad-
journment. No examination has been made, no
conferences with the representatives of the interests
to be affected have been had. No notice has been
given to those interests. The bill was passed in
the House without debate, and it is only when the
measure has come up before the Senate for its
immediate adoption that the parties interested
appear before us. I have a letter here from a
person in Baltimore who writes to me that he is
engaged in the manufacture of bichromate of
potash; that that foreign article is subject to duty
of twenty per centum, and that by the operation
of that duty of twenty per centum, a single man-
ufacturer in this country (for he himself is the
only one) has been able to reduce the market price
of the article from twenty-five cents to thirteen
cents. My informant says that the project before
us contains a reduction of the duty to four per cent.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from New York
is mistaken. It proposes to reduce it to fifteen per
cent.
Mr. SEWARD. I am unable to ascertain the
operation of the project from the tables. They are
complex and obscure.
Mr. HUNTER. I will explain it to the Sena-
tor. The schedule in which it is now is twenty
per cent. That schedule is reduced one fifth, and
that is fifteen per cent.
Mr. BADGER. I would ask the honorable
Senator from New York what bichromate of pot-
ash is? Some of us do not know. [Laughter.]
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
North Carolina has presented a striking illustra-
tion of my argument. We want time to under-
stand what we are about. I cannot tell him what
bichromate of potash is.
Mr. HUNTER. I should have said that it will
be reduced to sixteen per cent, instead of fifteen.
Mr. SEWARD. W hen so wise a statesman and
so learned a scholar as the honorable Senator from
North Carolina is, and when so practical a one
as the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Finance is, are ignorant, and when I am ignorant,
the Senate, I am sure, does not know what they
are doing, at least in regard to this one article.
Mr. BADGER. I want to know why the Sen-
ator does not understand it. He brings it forward.
If he undertakes to found an argument on it, it
will be an argument which the Senate certainly
cannot understand. [Laughter.]
Mr. SEWARD. That is precisely what I was
saying. We take up a thing and engage in dis-
cussion, while we do not understand the subject,
and allow ourselves no time to examine it, so
that it can be understood. Mr. President, we are
told by the honorable Senator from North Caro-
lina [Mr. Badger] that we must adopt either the
tariff project before us or his amendment, because
the railroad interest requireB relief.
This brings me back to the precise question
which I discussed here a few days ago. I think,
sir, that the restoration of the business of railroad
building to a healthy state requires us either to
leave it to work out its own cure, or else to adopt
a remedy very different from what is here pro-
posed. A remedy which will stimulate produc-
tion of the raw material and of fabrics by manu-
facture. Anything short of this will fail to give
any tone to the general financial system of the
country, now so much deranged. The troubles
with which we are contending arose from exces-
sive importations. The project before us tends to
reduce duties, and so to encourage and stimulate
imports still more. It is a fever of which we are
sick. You propose to add fuel to the flame that
is consuming us.
Let us look backward for instructions. In
1834, by excessive importations, by an unexam-
pled enlargement of credits, we had brought on
great fiscal embarrassments. Property of every
kind was depreciated; everybody wanted relief
loans; credit was paralyzed. The Bank of the
United States exerted itself and gave relief; the
crisis seemed to have been passed. Importations
were immediately resumed; credit was again ex-
panded. Wheat rose to two dollars per bushel;
prices of all descriptions of property were inflated
The relief obtained was only temporary. The em-
barrassments of 1834 returned in 1837, aggravated
ten-fold. And then came that fearful convulsion
which carried distress and ruin throughout this
broad land—distress and ruin from which we have
required twenty years to recover. Sir, we, in
1854, just passed through the premonitory symp-
toms of a crushing pressure, which is to come on
in 1857, or some year not long thereafter. Let this
not be thought strange. It is near twenty years
since the last revulsion. Commercial revulsions
come once in twenty years. The circumstances
of our condition now correspond exactly with our
condition previous to the last revulsion. Gov-
ernment then refused to stimulate production by a
tariff of protection, and, on the contrary, stimu-
lated importation. It went on to the bitter end.
Government refuses to stimulate production now
by a tariff for protection, and gives fresh impulse
to importation. The results must, unavoidably,
be the same. Those who think otherwise, rely
upon the fresh contributions to our currency
which are derived from the gold mines of Califor-
nia. I grant that those contributions may delay
a commercial revulsion for atime, and may modify
and break its force when it shall have come. But
they can neither postpone it indefinitely, nor can
they break its force, so that it will leave the
country harmless. What will be the limits of the
influence of those contributions upon commercial
revulsions, is mere speculation. After the severe
revulsion of 1837, produced by excessive importa-
tions, Government returned to a system of pro-
tection in 1842, and so restored the prosperity of
the country. We shall return to the same policy,
for the same purpose, in the present case. The
only question is, whether we shall adopt that
policy as a preventive, or wait until the distemper
has become otherwise incurable. I am for ap-
plying protection now. Nevertheless, I stand
alone. Congress is not prepared to raise the
duties upon imports. All that remains for me, is
to do all that I can to prevent the reduction of
those duties.
The alleged design of the project before us is
to diminish the revenues, and so to deplete the
i Treasury. But this design is forgotten through-
; out all the legislation of this Congress. We are
1 increasing salaries, increasing the Army and the
Navy, establishing new Territories, paying off
publicdebts before their maturity. Senators need
not be anxious to reduce the revenues. The
Treasury is likely to be empty soon enough. If,
however, its condition shall still seem to be too
plethoric, there are objects of public expenditure
which cannot fail to command the attention of a
just, of a wise Government. We want fortifica-
tions upon the Pacific coast, where all our posses-
' sions are exposed and absolutely defenseless. We
want extensive improvements of our navigable
rivers, and of harbors, thereby to reduce the haz-
ards and expenses of inland commerce. We
want railroad communications and telegraphic
communications between the Atlantic and Pacific
coasts, and without them the Union cannot be
held together. So long as we are without those
communications, California, Oregon, and Wash-
ington maintain colonial or provincial relations
towards the Atlantic States. Those relations
cannot continue long. The Pacific States will be
independent of the Atlantic States, or will be
equal with them. Senators are accustomed to
treat such alarms as chimerical, or, at least, pre-
mature. Let all such Senators remember that it
required only ten years of discontentedness with
colonial relations to produce the separation of
these Colonies from Great Britain. The people
on the Pacific coast are not more loyal to the
Union now than the people of these Colonies were
to the British Government at the end of the cam-
paign which added Canada to their number, while
it seemed to fortify the British power, and render
it impregnable on this continent.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I do not rise to
debate the general question involved in this dis-
cussion, and for the best of all reasons, that I
have not had an opportunity to inform myself of
the effect of the measure now under consideration.
That it is a measure of great importance to the
country, no one seems to entertain any doubt.
Important questions are always presented when
the revenue laws of the country are sought to be
changed in any form, because such changes affect
the business interests of the Union from one ex-
treme to the other. For this reason, when a
change is made, it should be made with the utmost
deliberation.
I do not claim to be very conversant with the
peculiar principles of revenue and trade, nor very
competent, at any time, to inform myself so as to
furnish any guide for the action of others; but
when I am called upon to record my vote in this
body upon so important a question, I must pro-
test against the attempt to compel me to do it
without having had an opportunity to investigate
the subject,and satisfy my own mind, at all events,
in some measure, as to its merits. Now, sir, this
proposition, so highly important, reaching into
the business ofthe wholecountry, has been sprung
upon us suddenly. I doubt whether there is a
member of either branch of the National Legis-
lature who has had an opportunity to compare
it with former tariffs, and to come to a conclusion
satisfactory even to himself in regard to its effect
and operation. I have always believed, sir, that
it was in general the policy of this country to en-
courage its own industry, and to protect, to a
certain extent, its own labor against foreign com-
petition. 1 have never been the advocate of a high
and exclusively protective tariff, but reasonable
encouragement should be given, in my judgment,
to our own laborers in all departments of industry,
rather than to those of foreign countries. I have
for a long time acted upon the principle that such
a course of policy would he wise and just^and
ought to be upheld and maintained by our coun-
try. In observing the effects of those restrictions
and those tariffs which have, from time to time,
been made to regulate the commerce of this conn-
try with foreign countries, I have noticed that
whenever we had a tariff which discriminated for
the protection of our own industry, our country
seemed prosperous; the agricultural, the mineral,
the manufacti'ring interests, all seem, on the pas-
sage of such laws, to arise from depression, and
to flourish. Without minute investigation into
the precise mode and manner of the operation,
this fact has forced me to believe that there was
the relation of cause and effect, that the general
prosperity of the country resulted from that de-
gree of protection to American labor which those
tariffs have, from time to time, provided. It has
always seemed to me absurd that a people pos-
sessed , at all events, of a reasonable share of enter-
prise and ingenuity, and well adapted, so far as I
can see, to manufacture everything they want for
comfort, convenience,and even luxury, should go
abroad three thousand miles to obtain those arti-
cles upon which, as it seems to me, they ought to
exercise their own ingenuity. 1 believe there is
no man who, in conducting his own private con-
cerns, acts upon the principle which this Govern-
ment adopts in relation to other countries respect-
ing its labor and industry.
The evil under which we now labor is, as has
been well said, an excess of importation, and the
consequent accumulation of an immense debt
abroad. If this foreign debt for importations of
iron and other merchandise were due to our own
citizens, I have no idea that it would cause us ths
