1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1053
direct vote upon the amendment of the Senator
from Delaware, which is to strike out so much of
the bill as revises our present tariff system; and
upon that I desire to say a few words. I am m
favor of the principles contained in that part of
the bill.
Mr. BADGER, (occupying the chair.) If the
Senator will permit me, without leaving my tem-
porary occupancy of the chair, I will state that I
have no desire to embarrass the Senate. I concur
entirely in the views suggested of bringing the
Senate to a vote, and I very cheerfully withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then the question is on the
motion of the Senator from Delaware, to strike
out ali that relates to the revision of the tariff. I
was about to remark that I am in favor of the
principles contained m that bill; and as a separate
and independent proposition I will vote for it. I
do not feel that in voting for the motion of the
Senator from Delaware I shall, in the least, com-
promit my principles upon that subject. This
provision was, as 1 understand, ruled out of order
in the House of Representatives as an amendment
to the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill—and
very properiy ruled out. If it had been offered
in this Chamber as an amendment to the bill, i
ask if there is any Senator, occupying the chair,
who would not, under the 30th rule of the Senate,
decide it to be out of order? If that be the fact,
why should we hesitate for an instant to disem-
barrass this, the most important bill of the ses-
sion, and get to legitimate legislation? One thing
is very apparent. If we continue to debate this
important subject, embracing great and diversified
interests, no more business will be done this ses-
sion. I am only surprised that my friend from
Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] who has ever been an
adherent to this rule, and has ever advocated and
insisted upon its execution, should have yielded
and consented to permit this to remain a part of
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill. I do
not censure him for doing it. I know that, coming
from the House of Representatives, and, in its
main features, corresponding with his notions of
right, it was natural that he should favor it. I
think it is probable that he cannot consent that it
shall be stricken out; but I hope there are enough
of us on this side of the Chamber who dare take
the responsibility of striking it out; and at an-
other time, and on a proper occasion, we will vote
for it as a separate and independent proposition.
The object of the bill is a good one. It is for a
general reduction in our tariff system; and of that
I approve. But we ought to bear in mind that in
insisting upon it on this bill, we shall be setting
a most pernicious and demoralizing example for
future legislators, it is important that we should
keep the great public measures of the session, the
appropriation bills, freefromall these geographical
and general questions. If we adopt a general tariff
system in the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill of this year, we shall have important geo-
graphical questions presented to us on the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill of next year. It is
that which I wish to avoid. I wish to point to
the legislation of this session and of past sessions,
for the purpose of showing the purity of our ex-
ample; but if we incorporate this tariff provision
into this civil and diplomatic appropriation bill,
we cannot point to any such evidence. I am anx-
ious to see'this bill stripped of this irrelevant mat-
ter, and I shall vote for the amendment of the
Senator from Delaware without the least com-
punction of conscience.
Mr. HUNTER. I have been referred to so
often in regard to this matter, that I feel bound,
from a sense of duty to myself, to reply to the
various criticisms which have been passed upon
me, in relation to this bill. Surprise has been ex-
Eressed, in more than one quarter, that I should ,
ave agreed to retain a measure which I believed J
would contribute to the very best interests of this j
country, merely because it had been placed in an
appropriation bill by the House of Representa- :
tives. It was said that in doing so I had departed !
from those conservative principles which ought to 1
regulate the Senate in its course. I appeal to you,
sir, to know if I have not, whenever the appro-
priation bills were up, sought to preserve them
from this mixture of incongruous subjects; and if
I have not been overruled. Scarcely a bill has
ever passed in which I was not overruled. The
Senate, whenever it has any favorite object in
view, makes no scruple in overriding the rule for
the purpose of putting it on a bill which may
force it through. My friend from South Carolina
[Mr. Butler] has referred to the fact that they
put the incongruous clause, abolishing flogging in
the Navy, in a general appropriation bill. I may
say that the whole general legislation for the Navy
and Army has been, for the last five or six yea/s,
done on general appropriation bills. I have re-
sisted it, and restated it m vain. Where, then,
were the voice of these conservative Senators who
are so sensitive now in regard to a measure that
promises great benefit to the country when it is
brought up, not by us, but by the House of Rep-
resentatives? Where is the coercion? If a ma-
jority here are in favor of a measure which is pro-
posed by a majority there, and agree to it, is that
coercion? Not at all, sir; but if a majority here
were opposed to it, and the House of Representa-
tives were then to insist upon it, it would be
wrong, and it would be coercive. Whenever that
state of things occur, I admit it would be wrong
and coercive; but I say when they propose what
we are willing to accept, it is then simply the act
of a majority ruling a minority—nothing more
can be made of it.
But this practice of tacking is mischievous, be-
cause it leads in the same body to improper legis-
lation. Especially is it mischievous, as it affords
a temptation to one of the Houses to practice upon
another on one of these appropriation bills; but if
they invariably receded when objection was made
on that account, surely there would be no reason
to complain on the scorce of coercion.
It was to meet that very thing that I proposed
we should take a vote. I reported the bill, and 1
said that we stood ready in the Committee on Fi-
nance to conform to the sense of the Senaie; if they
said amend the bill, we would come in with the
amendments which we had ready for it. If they
said pass it as it stands, then we would go for it
as it stood; and 1 think myself that it would have
been better for the country if we had done so; for
I believe this is a valuable measure.
Now, sir, one word in regard to these threats as
to legislation on the slavery subject. I dislike to
allude to it; but I say if the South had no better
protection for its rights and its liberties than a
mere rule of order, we are already, aye, sir, we are
already more than half slaves. Sir, if ever a ma-
jority of that House shall be disposed to pass any
such measure, I care not what bill they put it upon
—an appropriation bill would be the preferable
bill, for the sooner you bring it to an issue the
better—in that event, let the Government stand
still until you ascertain whether we are to have
our rights under the Constitution, and within the
Confederacy. Sir, I do not listen to that argu-
ment. I will not, for a moment, and I am sorry
that it should have come from any southern man.
It is by no such tenure that we hold our rights and
liberties. Whenever it comes to this, that there
is nothing but a rule of order, behind which we
may shelter and hide ourselves for protection, I,
for one, will walk out of that door, and leave a
place in which I should feel myself degraded.
Mr. President, I repel all that class of argument.
But I have said from the beginning that I stood
here ready to abide by the action of the Senate.
If a majority believe that we had better abandon
this, and go on with the bill, I am ready to do so.
I am willing to take the vote at once; and I have
done nothing to delay a decision. Letus see what
the sense of the Senate is. If they will strike out
the tariff part of the bill, let them say so at once,
and I will bring in the amendments which I have
been instructed to offer, m that event, by the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not know that I should
have taken any further part in this debate, but
that the honorable Senator from South Carolina
undertook to answer a question which I put to
the Senator from Mississippi. I will repeat the
question. It has not been answered yet. What-
ever explanations may have been made by the
honorable Senator from Virginia, and whatever
precedents are cited, nothing has ever been done
here which approximates to the violation of all
order and of principle which is involved in the
measure now before the Senate—the bill as it came
from the House. The question I put was, whether
there was a single precedent in which the general
legislation of the country, in reference to any
branch of its service, had ever been tacked to an
appropriation bill? I knew—we all knew—that
it had been attempted—that isolated cases of im-
proper legislation on minute subjects had taken
place, and that the evil was growing; but I say
that none of them approximated to the violation
of every principle of order which is contained in
this bill. When I speak of a principle of order,
I wish to draw a line of distinction. There are,
whether it be in parliamentary bodies or in courts
of justice, rules which in themselves are mere
forms, and there are rules which are essential to
the preservation of the bedy itself and of any
organization whatever; and I hold that in any
parliamentary body, in any free country, it is im-
possible long to maintain the rights of a minority
and the rights of deliberation, if a system of coer-
cive legislation is adopted by compelling men to
vote for a measure under ihe penalty, if they vote
to the contrary, of stopping the operations of the
Government by denying its supplies. There is
the principle of coercion. The honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia may tell me that it is nothing
but the majority ruling the minority ! That is
coercion when one House adopts a measure and
puts it in such a position that if the other House
do not accede to it, the appropriation bill—the bill
of supply—may be lost. That is the principle of
coercion. It may apply to the minority of the
members of this House, or of the other House.
Is not the honorable Senator from Virginia, I ask,
striving to put gentlemen in the responsible posi-
tion of voting to defeat the appropriation bill,
because he wants to carry a favorite measure that
su:ts his views? There is no difference, in my
opinion, between the principle of coercion applied
from one body to another—it is far less tyrannical
—and the attempt to coerce individual members of
the body, founded on the responsibility of defeat-
ing the bill of supplies. Sir, if this goes on, and
the Senate determines upon it, I mean to test this
question thoroughly. Coercion shall be tried else-
where as well as in the two Houses of Congress.
I will try it on a fair principle and see how far
coercive legislation is to be carried out. They
have cited to me two cases, and two only. The
one occurred in the Senate of the United States.
It was an isolated provision not to revise the whole
system of the Navy—for that had been tried, and
the Senate had invariably voted it down—but to
abolish flogging in the Navy; and that was incor-
porated in an appropriation bill. Yes, sir, it was;
and if I wanted an instance of the dangerous char-
acter of this legislation it would be the very adop-
tion of that measure. What was it? Without
reference at ali to whether it was proper or im-
proper to abolish the system of corporal punish-
ment in the Navy, as a means of discipline, it,
beyond all question, was improper legislation to
abolish the only mode of discipline known to the
Navy, without making provision for any substi-
tute whatever. Tlae result has been that your
seamen, both in your commercial and naval ma-
rine, have been disorganized and rendered so insub-
ordinate that there is no reliance to be placed upon
the safety of a vessel in which large numbers of
sailors are congregated. The accident of a very
commanding energy and will may succeed in navi-
gating a vessel with strict subordination. This
sprung from false legislation on an appropriation
bill, and you have periled the safety of every ves-
sel which you have in your service from a spirit
of insubordination that has been produced by this
system of legislation on appropriation bills. It
shows the improper character of such proceedings.
What is the other provision cited by the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia? The gentleman
evidently has been hunting up precedents to sus-
tain a very doubtful course. He brings us a mere
provision in regard to appraisement. It does not
relate to a general system of legislation in regard to
the tariff at all. The whole thing is irregular. I
admit it has been done in minute cases, and to a
small degree; and it has been growing; but the
proposition now made has no parallel, has nothing
to approximate to it in the legislation of this
country.
What is the defense which the honorable Sena-
tors give? They say, though we admit that all
this is wrong; though we admit it is conducive,
and must lead to the most improper legislation,
and that the system is a false one; yet because
we approve of the particular measure embodied
in the bill we will abandon the rules of order in
reference to this measure, and will vote for it.
