1004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
The honorable Senator from Mississippi says, he
is not responsible for it, because the House has
sent it here, and he simply suffers it to remain.
I cannot recognize the distinction which he draws.
The responsibility may be greater in the author-
ship of the wrong, brit if we, acting as an indepen-
dent body, sanction that which is wrong-, we are
nearly equal in responsibility with the House.
The honorable Senator from Virginia has chosen
to denounce this as a mere rale of order; and says
that the rights of the South are not to be depend-
ent upon mere rules of order; that if questions are
to be raised relating to the rights of the South
upon such bills, which course might be sanctioned
in part by this action of the Senate, they had
better come in that shape than in any other, and
that whenever they do come, but one result would
take place. Sir, i have been the more opposed to
this particular provision, because I deem it tending
to disunion. I confess, Mr. President, since I
havebeen a member of this body, deeply attached
as I am to the Union, I have had increasing upon
roe forebodings as to the success of the experiment
on which our forefathers entered in 1787; but sir,
there are others, both North and South, who agree
with me, that the Union may be endangered by
the state of things that are now existing, and yet
who consider that the danger to the Union is no
reason for voting against a provision that will tend
to its accomplishment. Such are not my senti-
ments. I can understand, if a man values not the
Union, if he is ready to throw it away, he will
disclaim the protection of rules of order, and be
ready to meet the issue, let disunion come when
it may; but I cannot understand that a gentleman
who knows on what basis all free governments
must rest, that it is on principles of order and
principles of order alone, can very well scout at
rules of order. I speak now not of forms, but of
principle. Mr. President, what is the system of
a Republican Government, but rules of order ?
What is the organization of the two Houses?
What is the object of reading bills on different
days? What is the object of debate? What is
the object of all the forms that you go through,
but the preservation of the liberty of debate? It
is to restrain the natural tendency of mankind
towards excess, which under the phrenzy of pas-
sion or interest, men are apt to run into. Are we
to be told that this restraining influence of rules of
order, is not to be relied upon for preserving a
Union which has proved itself to be a great benefit
to the world, and which, if it can be maintained,
will spread more extensively the benefits which it
now confers upon humanity ? I cannot conceive
that he who values the permanence of the Federal
Union, if he has fears as I have, in regard to its
continuance, should be willing, by any act, direct,
or indirect, to take any course which will promote
a tendency to disunion, or sever or breakdown
those bonds which tend to promote, cherish, and
render the Union permanent.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, this seems to
me to be a very plain question, and one which is
nof difficult of solution. The Constitution has
conferred upon the House of Representatives the
exclusive right of originating revenue bills. This
body has no power, under the Constitution, to
bring forward any measure of that kind. The
House has seen fit to pass and send to the Senate,
connected with the general appropriation bill, a
revenue bill which has met with its approbation.
It has been referred to the Committee on Finance,
and upon its being considered by that committee
it was thought proper to submit it to this House,
whether that revenue measure, as a whole, was
acceptable to the Senate, and if so, to pass it with
the bill. Is there anything improper in this ? Is
-hereanything coercive m this? Is this body to
undertake to dictate to the House of Represent-
atives in what form they shall exercise the exclusive
power conferred upon them by the Constitution'
Are we to prescribe the rules of their action when
they are acting under an exclusive power which,
for wise purposes, the framers of the Constitution
put into their hands? Undoubtedly this body has
a right to reject the measure or to modify it; but
at this late period of the session, the Committee
on Finance thought it to be their duty, without
delay, without waiting to amend the bill, without
presenting an amendment to it, to submit to this
body the question, whether they would take that
revenue measure as a whole. If they saw fit to
reject it, then it was the intention of the-committee
to go forward and present the amendments which
they had prepared. Is there anything wrong ill
this? Is there anything improper in the proposi-
tion ofthechairman of the committee or of the com-
mittee itself? Nay, Mr. Chairman, is there any-
thing wrong in the position assumed by the House
of Representatives ? Sir, I can easily imagine the
question which is raised here in anticipation, when
It would become wrong. If, sir, we reject this
revenue measure, and the appropriation bill goes
back to the House of Representatives, and they
insist upon it, or else will permit the civil and dip-
lomatic bill to fail, and the wheels of Government
to stop, then I take occasion to say that the House
of Representatives would have reached the point
of revolution. If they undertake, by their subse-
quent action, to force this revenue bill upon the
Senate contrary to its opinion, or to stop the
wheels of Government, they will then have as-
sumed a revolutionary attitude, and the event will
have arrived which has been darkly shadowed
forth by some Senators in the course of this de-
bate.
I concur in what has been said by my honor-
able friend from Virginia, that if, hereafter, there
shall be connected with this bill, which is indispen-
sably necessary to keep the Government in oper-
ation, a measure violating the constitutional rights
of any portion of the people of this country, and
the House of Representatives should insist upon
it, or stop the wheels of Government, then they
will have reached the point when it will become
necessary to decide whether this Union shall any
longer continue, or whether the greatest calamity
that ever has fallen on the human race shall be
enacted here. Sir, When that comes, for one I
am ready to meet it; for one I am ready to put it
to the people of this country, of every section of
the country, whether they will justify anybody,
in the House of Representatives or the Senate, in
undertaking to force upon us a violation of the
rights of a portion of the people of this country,
or to stop the wheels of Government. I have no
fear that there will be any measure of that kind
while the people are intelligent and patriotic; but,
sir, until that question comes let us not trouble
ourselves with idle fears. If we are ripe for revo-
lution, if we are ripe for dissolution, if the meas-
ure is presented to us, I know very well the issue
will be met, and the consequences will be disas-
trous; but are we now to raise a phantom in this
debate, when the House of Representatives has
simply submitted to us a proposition for our ac-
ceptance? If we reject it, and when they consider
it again they acquiesce in what we do, is there
any coercion ? Does any Senator suppose that the
House of Representatives are ready to stop the
wheels of Government unless you pass this tariff
bill ? I apprehend no such thing. 1 am sorry to
hear any imputation, any reflection, or any sus-
picion cast upon that body, or upon any branch
of the Government, until a foundation is laid for it.
None such is laid in the present case.
But I rose only for the purpose of vindicating
the course of the committee. I am opposed to
blending in our legislation subjects that are not
connected. I think it wrong. When I say wrong,
I mean impolitic. We have a right, a perfect
right, and without coercion, to adopt this measure
if we approve of it. We have a right, a perfect
right, to reject it, if we disapprove of it. When
the issue comes, if it does come, let us meet that
issue. At this late period of the session, I agree
that we cannot go into the details extensively of a
revenue measure. It is not open to much discus-
sion, and it may be inexpedient to act upon it.
What the committee of which I have the honor to
be a member, proposes is, that the Senate shall
say whether it is expedient to act upon it, and to
reject it; and then take up the bill itself, strictly
as an appropriation bill, and go on as usual with
the public business. If that course be taken, the
usual course will be taken. If, on theother hand,
a majority of the Senate approves of the tariff bill
which is here presented, they can say they approve
of it, and pass it as it is, without any amendment.
In regard to a tariff bill, I agree with those who
say that it is material to the public interests that
the revenue should be diminished. There are
many things in this bill that meet my hearty ap-
probation; there are some that I could improve;
but, upon the whole, I regard it as a bencficial
measure, and, therefore, I shall record my vote in
its favor; but yet, if the majority of the Senate are
of opinion that it ought not to be adopted, they
have only to say so by their vote, and the appro-
priation bill will then stand in its usjial form, and
when it is perfected by amendments will go back
to the other House to be acted upon fey them.
Mr. GWIN. As a member of the Committee
on Finance, I voted in favor of reporting the- bill
in its present form, and, Mr. President, I am in
favor of passing it in its present form. There has
been a good deal said about tacking one bill to
another. The two Houses of Congress have their
proper constitutional duties. There is no doubt
about it, Mr. President, that the House of Rep-
resentatives ought, long since to have reported a
tariff bill. They ought to have sent us a bill in
a separate form to revise the present tariff; but
having failed in their duty in that respect, 1 do not
consider that it becomes us to vote against this
measure, when we are in favor of it, because they
have attached it to another bill where it does not
properly belong. I think it becomes every friend
of the reduction of the tariff to vote for the bill as it
stands, because it will accomplish our object. In
this way we can reduce the tariff, and we cannot
do it in any other way. It is well known that if we
amend the bill at all, we shall lose this provision.
I am in favor of passing it as it came from the
House, and we can put ouramendments on another
appropriation bill which is now pending in the
Senate.
Mr. President, I look upon the tariff provision
of this bill as more important to the State I repre-
sent than any other that has been presented to
Congress except the Pacific railroad bill. Weare
emphatically a free trade people. Every reduction
of duty is favorable to the interests of the people
of that State, and I feel myself called upon to sus-
tain every measure that is brought forward to
reduce the tariff, no matter in what form, provided
it be a legitimate form in which it is sent to us by
the other House.
Now, Mr. President, I give notice to those gen-
tlemen who are determined, if they can, to strike
the'tariff provision out of this bill, that they will
soon find in it a provision more offensive than that.
Many of those who would vote against taking off
the duty on railroad iron if this provision be
incorporated in the bill, will assuredly agree to
put it on this bill, and stand by it, whether the
appropriation bill fail or not, if this provision is
struck out; I notify those gentlemen who have
fought this bill all day, and opposed its passage in
the present form, that if they succeed in defeating
this provision, the moment it goes out, they will
find that the provision in regard to railroad iron
will go in; and that is more offensiveon theground
that it is more partial legislation than the present
bill. I hope that we shall sustain the action of the
Committee on Finance. We reported the bill in
good faith, and are determined to sustain it. I
hope we shall pass it as it came from the House.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I know, Mr. President,
very well, that the other measure to which my
honorable friend from California refers, is the real
one. I know very well, also, that he voted for it
when it was before us as a separate bill, and'it
passed. Are we to have it again ? Well, sir, we
shall see when the time comes.
Mr. WELLS. Mr. President, there has been
a great deal said in the course of to-day and this
evening in relation to this bill and the proposition
of the Senator from Delaware; but one thing has
struck me forcibly, and tH&t is, that scarcely any
man upon this floor has pointed out any real ob-
jection to the measure. The main objection that
has been urged is merely technical, that it has not
come in here in the proper, ordinary, and legiti-
mate form. I honor the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, [Mr. Hunter,] as the people
of my portion of the country have long honored
him, for the honorable and high position which
h^ has maintained on this floor as an American
statesman. I honor him more than ever after the
language which he has used here to-night, that he,
as an American statesman, and an American citi-
zen, will exercise the rights and privileges which
he possesses, and discharge the duties which are
incumbent upon him, independent of any of these
technical trammels.
_ What is the proposition before the Senate? It
is to reduce the tariff; and it is confessed on all
hands that it should be reduced. Gentlemen stand
here and say that they will vote to amend this bill
as the Senator from Delaware has asked them to
