1058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
I said. 1 have said nothing about the South to-
night; not a word.
Mr. MASON. I do not mean to do injustice to
the Senator from New York, or any other Sen-
ator. I do not know that he spoke of the South,
perhaps I misconstrued him: but! did understand
him to say and to mean, that at a future day the
appropriation bills might be made a vehicle for
parting upon the country some of those obnoxious
measures, with the alternative of defeating the
bills, and I understood his allusion to be to meas-
ures affecting the institution of slavery. If I do
him injustice, let him correct me.
Mr. SEWARD. My argument was that this
■was a revolutionary and factious measure. I traced
it out to its consequences, and I said, by way-of
illustration, that if this precedent should be estab-
lished, there might be ingrafted upon appropria-
tion bills hereatter, measures of freedom, or 0f
slavery. I said that.
Mr. MASON. Precisely; then it is perfectly
immaterial whether the Senator spoke the word
" South" or not. The institution is at the South,
acd at the South alone. Now, I only mean to
say to that honorable Senator, and all others, as
far as my opinion goes, that any suggestion of
that sort cannot affect my course upon this appro-
priation bill one jot. I care not for the precedent,
and 1 repeat, that I trust, for the honor, the dig-
nity, and the character of the South, where this
institution prevails, when such a measure is per*
fected in the other branch of the Legislature—that
branch where alone revenue bills can originate—
and they ingraft upon them anything affecting the
institution of slavery, the South will never object
to it because it is incongruous, or not warranted
by rule, or comes out of place. If they do so
object to it, they will deserve, what they will re-
ceive, to pass under the yoke, and be themselves
slaves. They will merit their destiny.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I had pur-
posed to reply to the honorable Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] when the member
from Virginia [Mr. Mason] rose,and voluntarily
interposed between us; but he has imposed on me
the double necessity of replying both to him and
the honorable Senator from South Carolina, and
I ehali endeavor to do it in the shortest possible
time.
Thehonorable Senator from Virginia has chosen
to represent me here as the exponent of a great
party in this country. The allusion everybody
understands—the American party of the country,
if it may be so called: others may call it the
Know-Nothing party. Now, sir, ifthegentleman
means to represent me as the exponent of the
secret order of United Americans, I must express
my surprise, because I supposed that that honor-
able Senator, and every other here, knew perfectly
well that while I entertained the highest respect
for such gentlemen of that order as I happen to
know belong to it, and regard them as patriots
who seek the public good, as much as he or I can,
yet I had not the honor to belong to the mysterious
order to which he has referred. Nor, sir, is the
honorable member justifiable in representing me
as the exponent of the American party of the
country; but I am an humble member of that
party, proud to acknowledge it, and ready to de-
fend its principles against him here, and at all
times and places.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him whether the party which he calls the
American party is that party which other people
call the Know-Nothing party.
Mr. CLAYTON. No, sir; I speak of a party
whose principles are publicly avowed, a party, the
members of which have met in public in my own
State and in many others, and proclaimed their
creed to the world, a party which in Delaware
triumphed at the election and carried the State, a
party not made up of men who meet in secret
merely, but promulgating an open platform to the
country; and I will refer to just so much of its
creed (every portion of which I am ready to de-
fend against all comers, I repeat, whenever it is
proper to discuss it) as the gentleman has seen fit
to draw into controversy.
Mr. MASON. Every part of which, 1 under-
stand the Senator, he is prepared to defend. Does
he defend the secret organization and the secret
oaths of that party.
Mr. CLAYTON. The gentleman knew per-
fectly well when lie propounded that question that
I know nothing about the secret oaths, never having
belonged to the order, yet he thought it would
have a fine effect to put it. [Laughter.] Pie calls
on me to defend something: about which I am as
ignorant as he is. If he wishes to learn the prin-
ciples of the American party to which I am at-
tached, I shall be happy to instruct him when he
desires it. I do not mean at this lime to go into a
general discussion of the principles of the Ameri-
can party, unless it is his wish to provoke such a
discussion. I intend to answer just so much as
the honorable gentleman has chosen to charge
against me. I say "charge," because by inuendo,
if he has not done it directly and openly, he has
undertaken to represent that, at the next session
of Congress, in the other House, there is to be a
party—and he even ventured to quote me as
authority for it—in the majority there, that is to
aid in the fatal measure of placing a provision for
the repeal of the fugitive slave law upon the gen-
eral appropriation bills, or of placing upon those
bills some one or other of those propositions
which have heretofore divided the North and
South; such, for instance, as the repeal of the
Missouri compromise line, or a declaration that
no slave State shall be admitted into the Uuion,
or the abolition of slavery in this District. Pie
thought it politic and advisable to single rns out
and hold me up as the man who had first shown
the Senate how, if this iniquitous proposition to
coerce this body into a repeal or alteration of the
tarifF should prevail, the repeal of the fugitive slave
law might at some future session (I did not even
say the next seseion) be thus forced into the gen-
eral appropriation bills by one House, and the
other compelled to accept it, or leave the Govern-
ment without supplies. Six other Senators, in-
cluding the honorable member from Louisiana,
[Mr. Bf.njamw,] my own colleague, [Mr. Bay-
aud,] and both the Senators from Pennsylvania
followed me, taking the same view of the subject,
and even more elaborately pointing out the very
same danger of forcing: the repeal of the fugitive
slave law upon one House of Congress by the
other as a consequence of this mode of coercing an
alteration of the tariff. Yet the Senator from Vir-
ginia made no allusion to one of them, fie held
me alone responsible, as I was the only "Ameri-
can" among them, for a sentiment common to
more than half the Senate. He shall be welcome
to all he gains by this discrimination.
Nov/, sir, let me tell the honorable gentleman—
and I tell him with pride and pleasure—that the
party to which I am attached, and which calls
itself American, has publicly repudiated every-
thing of the kind which he and his party Demo-
crats seek to attribute to it, firmly resolved to
ignore the slavery question in the halls of Con-
gress, so far as it has power, and to permit no
man to take a seat in either branch of Congress
who does not agree to ignore it. That is the vital
principle of the great American party in this
country to which I belong,
Mr. MASON. I did not mean to go into this
party question. I alluded to it only because I un-
derstood the honorable Senator from Delaware to
say that there was to he a true expression of the
public feeling m the next House of Representa-
tives, derived through that party; arid I have heard
out of doors, from evpry quarter, and I believe it
is true, that one of the great measuies they are to
project is to affect this institution.
iVlr. CLAY I ON. No, sir. There is not one
word of truth m that accusation. The gentleman I
has suffered himself to be grossly deceived. I
Mr. MASON. The honorable Senator says j
that one of tne great measures of that party is to I
ignore the question of slavery as a matter of Fed- i
eral legislation.
Mr. CLA YTON. Yes, sir. It intends to put
down all agitations, northern or southern.
Mr. MASON. Now, I ask the honorable Sen-
ator is not that party in the ascendant in Massa-
chusetts? Is not that party in the ascendant in
Michigan ? Is not that party m the ascendant in
Illinois? I will go no further. Have we not the
representatives of that party either now upon this
floor or about to come here, and are they no! those
who go furthest upon this question of Federal
legislation m reference to the institution of slaverv
Mr. CLAYTON. While these interro"atones
surpriA, and even astonish me, I am yetqui'e will-
ing to answer them, so far as it is in my power to
do so; but the honorable gentleman has put abaut
half a dozen in quick succession, and it is not only
very hard to remember so many, but impossible
to answer them while he interrupts me before he
allows me time to reply. [Laughter.]
Mr. MASON. Allow me to say to the Sena-
tor, " By their fruits ye shall know them."
Mr. CLAYTON. Yes, sir, you shall know
them by their fruits; you shall know all about
them in a year or two from this time. [Laughter.]
He will probably acquire some knowledge of these
fruits sooner than that. [Laughter ] Though I
might well deny his right to catechise me, yet I
choose to answer his inquiries when it is in my
power to do so; because I may, by doing so, ex-
pose some current and very gross misrepresenta-
tions in regard to the principles of the American
organization in the States of this Union.
Mr. MASON. I asked about three States.
Mr. CLAYTON. Let him have patience till I
can answer. But i mean, before I answer all his
questions, to confine the gentleman to the point
on which he ventured to arraign my friends, and
called on me to defend them. I do not intend that
he shall escape from it, by drawing off my atten-
tion by his questions. If he meant anything by
appealing to me, he meant that the American party
to which I am attached is a party which is to
connect itself hereafter with the base purpose of
dissolving this Union, or jeopardizing its safety.
On the other hand, I repeat the declaration I have
already made, that the main pillar in the edifice
which that party have erected, the great substra-
tum upon which the whole party rests, is the de-
termination to ignore the slavery question, and
everything connected with it, as a party question.
It will be their great object to exert themselves to
the utmost to make brothers and friends of north-
ern and southern, eastern and western men. They
will seek to bind together all true Americans, m
every quarter of the country, in the glorious pur-
pose of maintaining the union and tranquillity of
these States. For this purpose, they'will not only
refuse to agitate topics of a sectional character, or
which can excite discord and bad feelings between
men residing in different parts of the country, but
they will repudiate all such agitators, whether
northern or southern, as demagogues who are
dangerous to their peace and safety. They will
study and sustain all measures which can elevate
the character of the American citizen both at home
and abroad, and to enable themselves to achieve
these objects they will throw ail their ancient party
feuds to the winds. •
The preservation of the Union of the States is
the greatest of all the objects they have in view.
Sir, let me tell the honorable gentleman that object,
in their judgment, rises infinitely above all others,
and especially above all former petty party consid-
erations. I know, sir, that at this moment, the
friends to whom I am attached, now to be found
in every State of the Union, have taken this view
of this great subject of discord which exists between
the North and South, and I commend itnow to the
attention of the gentleman from Virginia as worthy
of his own approval and adoption. They have
feared, from all they have witnessed during the fast
year, for the safety of their country; and, sir, with
true American hearts, they have resolved to sustain
the dearest interests of that country, to support
the Union, at all hazards and to the last extremity,
against all former parties and all existing parties
in any and every quarter. And they will sink
out of sight tariffs, internal improvements, Whig-
ism, Democracy, and every other issue that has
existed between the old, worn out, effete parties
of former days, in order to attain that great pur-
pose.
Mr. RUSK. Will the honorable Senator alio w
me to ask him a question, as I begin to feel a little
alarmed about that party
Mr. CLAYTON. I hope the honorable gen-
t eman will recoiled that { am plied quite liberally
with questions at this time.
Mr. RUSK. I know that; but I intend to ask
but one question as to the tremendous power of
that partv.
Mr. MASON. I hepe the Senator will allow
me to notice that the Sen itor from Delaware has
not answered a single question which I nut to
him. 1
Mr. CLAYTON. Come one at a time, gen-
tlemen. How can you expect me to answer either
of you until you give me time. Denot so restless
and uneasy.
