1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1059
Mr. MASON. 1 propose to give time.
Mr. HUSK. I begin tofeel some apprehension
about the force of that parly; ant! I desire to know
from the honorable Senator if there has been a
regular organization of it outside the State of Del-
awai e ?
Mr. CLAYTON. Yes, sir; in your own State
as well as all others. The open American parly •
is found now in nearly every part of the Union.
Let the genileman from Texas wait for the devel-
opments that are to come, and he will hear enough
to quiet him. There will be music around hi3
own ears within eighteen months from this night.
[Laughter.]
Mr. President, I am a very good-natured man,
and shall endeavor to answer the remarks and
questions of these impatient and sensitive gentle-
men with my usual good temper. So I recur to
what the gentleman from Virginia desires me to
meet, but he must permit meto answer him in try
own way, and in my own time. Sir, in the pro-
gress of their remarks, the Senators from Virginia
and South Carolina both indulged in a tone by no
means unusual here: of defiance of the power and
contempt for the authority of this Union in certain
contingencies which they stated as possible to oc-
cur. 1 have heard during this debate threats and
menaces of what Virginia or South Carolina was
to do, if a new attempt at certain improper legis-
lation should be futurely made; and in a debate,
which occurred a few days ago, I was sorry to
hear t lenaces against the existence of this Union,
as well as contingencies stated in which it might be
and should be dissolved. Sir, when I first came
to the Senate of the. United States, these threats
were strange to me and quite appalled me. They
sound now painfully in my ears. They do, in-
deed, give me infinite pain. But, sir, knowing
She character and power of the great party which
means to sustain this Union, knowing that the
great American heart is united and ready to main-
tain it, I am not to be frightened from my propri-
ety and duty by menaces. No, sir, you may
threaten here, in Congress, as much as you please;
you may throw your taunts and sneers at each
other, (and it always gives me pain when it is
done by a northern man towards a southern man,
or a southern man to a northern man;) you may
talk targely about the dissolution of the Union;
but, sirs, it is my confident belief that if every
man of you were to resolve to-morrow that the
Union should be dissolved—if every man in both
• Houses were to resolve it—the people of the
United States, attached as they are to that Union
by consideraiions infinitely above all the party
politics of the day, would come here, and either
hang the whole of you, or throw you all into the
Potomac. [Laughter, and applause in the gal-
leries.] Sir, knowing that these threats are made
to achieve party objects at this time, I regard them
as proper subjects of derision. This Union stands
upon a basis that cannot be shaken, and it never
will be, in the lifetime of any man of ycu, or of
your children, or grandchildren after you.' We
shall hear for some months to come pending cer-
tain elections, that the Know-Nothings are about
to repeal the fugitiveslave law, or perpetrate some
other enormity that will dissolve the Union. But
this silly outcry will cease when the party pur-
pose for which it has been raised shall have been
achieved or frustrated. The Union will stand
when the agitators shall be forgotten, and with
every succeeding year, it will become more and
more the object of the love, the admiration, and
the veneration of every true American heart.
" As some tall cliff that rears itc mighty form,
Swells from the vale, and midway leaves Uie storm,
Though round its breast the rolhngclouds are spread,
Eternal sunshine settles on its head I"
[Applause in the galleries.]
After order had been restored by the Presiding
Officer, Mr. Clayton proceeded.
Now, Mr. President, for the other questions
which the honorable gentleman from Virginia
asked me, whether the party which had possession
of the government of Michigan and some other
States, were not Abolitionists?
Mr MASON. No, sir; I asked the Senator
this: whether the party which I call, or which the
world culls, Know-Noihings, but which he now
calls the American party, is not i he party that has
possession of the government of Michigan, and is
in the ascendency in the Legislature of that State?
1 want to know that.
Mr. CLAYTON. I have less knowledge of it
than the gentleman himself. He knows well I
have no knowledge of it. But while I do not
know, I can say to him that I do not believe a
syllable of the story that the American party is in
theascendant in the governmentof those States to
which he refers. Three days ago, in the debate
on the bill to execute the laws of the United States,
we were told that the ami-Nebraska men were
those who governed these States. We were then
told, by those who reside in the Northwest and
understand this matter a great deal better than
either he does or I do, that the anti-Nebraska men
had carried the northwestern States, and elected
several Democratic (not American) Senators, all
thorough Abolitionists, or Pree-Soilers, but still,
good Democrats, like the gentleman's associates
who sit next or near to him in this Chamber,
[Messrs. Sumner and Chase,] and who were
elected by Democratic, yes, Democratic Legisla-
tures, and are now about to vote with him on this
bill. But, sir, the honorable gentleman must not
catechise me in regard to the proceedings of the
Know-Nothings. What riget has he to put ques-
tions to me about the Know-Nothings, when I tell
him again and again that I am not a member of
that or any other secret order ?
Mr. MASON. The American party—is not
that in possession of the government of that State?
Mr. CLAYTON. No, sir; but the American
party is now a powerful one in nearly every State
in this Union.
Mr. MASON. I take it for granted that the
Senator means to answer the question, because he
has said so.
Mr. CLAYTON. Well, sir, what does the
honorable gentleman wish more?
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senator, in his own
terms, is not this party which he calls the Amer-
ican party, that which is now in possession of the
government of Michigan, in its Legislature?
Mr. CLAYTON. I have told you that I do
not know it, [laughter,] and do not believe it.
Gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber have
told us that it is in the possession of those who
are anti-Nebraska men.
Mr. MASON. Then I will ask as to Massa-
chusetts ?
Mr. CLAYTON. Let the gentleman turn to
the Senator immediately behind him, [Mr. Wil-
son.] [Laughter.] He has declared himself here
to be a Democrat of the State-Rights school of
1798, and, like his friend from Virginia, is now
an advocate for this repeal of the tariff, and votes
with him.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, allow me to say
to the Senator, I am answered—in the face of the
American people, I am answered.
Mr. CLAYTON. Yes, you are answered; but
you are not quite as fully answered yet, as you
shall be before I have done with you.
Mr. MASON I am answered.
Mr. CLAYTON. The gentleman wishes to
know where the Americans are. Well, sir, there
is an election about to come off in the State of
Virginia shortly, and he v/iil then find out one
place where they are; and I venture to say, they
will give him ample satisfaction on all subjects
connected with the extent and power of their or-
ganization, ab^ut which he has made, or desires
to make inquiry. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, I know well that I ought to be
the last rsan to prolong this debate. I made the
motion to strikeout bom this bill so much as
relates to the tariff; I feel the responsibilities of
the position I assumed in making the motion; and
duty forbids that I should do or say anything
which would prevent the success of that motion;
but I have something to say in regard to the sub-
ject of protection upon which the Senator from
'Virginia and the Senator from South Carolina
have dwelt.
The Senator from Virginia says he does not
want any protection for the agricultural interests
of Virginia, and the Senator from South Carolina
says the same thing for her. Weil, sir, I will not
deny the superior claim of the Senator from Vir-
ginia to speak for the Virginia farmers; but he
will allow me to express a doubt whether they are
not still as they formerly were—the supporters
of the same doctrines which the Senator himself
and his colleague [Mr. Hunter] so ably advo-
cated by their speeches and sustained by their
voieti, when a former Senator from New York,
[Mr. Dix,] vainly endeavored to procure the pas-
sage of his bill for establishing reciprocal free trade
for all the products of agriculture between the
United States and the British North American
possessions. Then, indeed lie did represent the
Virginia farmer. But what has he done since,
and what does he now seek to do? He has voted
for, and sustained with all his energies, the very
measure in the shape of a treaty (the reciprocity
treaty with Great Britain) which he condemned
so much in the shape of a law, and that, too,
although the treaty depended on a law to make it
a constitutional measure. By this treaty every,
thing which the Virginia farmer can produce—
grain, cattle, provisions of all kinds, down to the
poultry, cheese, butter, and eggs, are made duty
free to the Canadian farmers, who, of course,
will appropriate our northern home market, as
they are nearer to it, to themselves. And now he
is ready to bring down, by the very measure be-
fore us, the duty on wool from thirty per cent,
ad valorem to eight, for the sake of supplying the
woolen manufacturers with cheap wool at the ex-
pense of the farmer. Are the Virginia farmers
satisfied with this too ? Sir, it is protection to the
manufacturer by discriminating against the farmer,
and it is oppressive and ruinous to him, while it
temporarily enriches others.
Let us examine the claims I now make for the
farmer, and see whether I ask protection for him,
and how: A duty of twenty per cent, was never
called a protective duty, it was never regarded
as anything more than a revenue duty. You
have repealed this duty, so far as it was laid on
British North American agricultural products, by
your treaty. Jn the year 1833, when we passed the
compromise act, which settled the then existing
differences between North and South, I was one of
those who participated in that action. At that
time men both from the South and North agreed
that a duty of twenty per cent was not a protect-
ive, but a mere revenue duty, and the end of that
measure was, at the expiration of nine and a half
years, to bring the duties down from the existing
condition of things to twenty per cent, ad valorem
assessed on a home valuation. That was intended
to be the minimum of duty; we were by that bar-
gain never to go below twenty per cent. Every
southern man was then in favor of maintaining a
horizontal duty of twenty percent, on everything
we produced, cotton included. The farmer never
had any other duty for his protection than a mere
revenue duty. Twenty per cent, was all that he ■
had on his grain, and was all that protected him
against foreigners for everything he produced on
his farm. He asked no more. Pie never asked
fora protective duty, and I do not ask it for him
now. But, sir, you discriminate against him.
You give a protection to the amount of thirty,
forty, and even fifty per cent, to the interests of
the manufacturers of the countcy; and by the
reciprocity treaty of 1854 you swept away from
agriculture the whole of the former twenty per
cent., which could yield protection only as it was
incident to revenue, against the immense produc-
tions of the British North American provinces.
More, sir, you have, as a necessary consequence of
this reciprocity treaty, admitted Prussian wheat—
wheat from the immense and fertile regions around
the Vistula, from Dantzic, the great wheat market
of the world, free of duty also.
Thesame principle which wasapplied to exempt
Portuguese wines from duty in consequence of
the admission of French wines at a lower rate by
the treaty of 1831, must necessarily be applied in
the construction of the Prussian and reciprocity
treaties. Now, sir, is the farmer to be insulted
and told he demands protection when he resists
this oppressive discrimination which, while it
gives to the commercial and manufacturing inter-
ests either prohibition or high duties for their pro-
tection against foreign competition, refuses to him
the lowest duty that is given to every one else.
While you are compelling him to use American
manufactures or pay duties amounting to thirty
and forty per cent, on foreign fabrics, while you
prohibit' him from sending his grain coastwise in
any vessel that is not American-built and owned,
commanded, and navigated by Americans, you
deny him even the lowest revenue duty and buy
your very breadstuff's of foreigners duty free,
degrading him to the level of the foreigner whose
interests you delight to cherish. And yet you
taunt him and tell him, when he complains, that
