1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1061
Sir, I beg the pardon of the Senate for having
trespassed on their time, when I know they wish
to vote, and I will not weary their patience by
any further remarks. I have deemed it due to
myself, to my constituents, and to the subject, to
make this explanation, in order that, if I cannot
be present when the vote is taken, my opinions
on the subject may be known.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, when I was
up before, I stated, as my first and great objection
to this measure, that it was a revolutionary one.
I described how thai was. I showed that it was
attaching a condition nothing less than the re-
vision of the entire tariff system of the country,
to an appropriation bill the most indispensable for
carrying on the operations of the Government.
Having done so, I showed that it wis without
precedent heretofore, and that it was of dangerous
tendency as a precedent hereafter. I indicated
that the time might come when great sectional
questions would be brought in as conditions for
the grant by the House of Representatives of the
necessar-' funds for carrying on the operations of
the Government. Therel stopped. Itisnotmy
fault, if others have taken this hint, and carried it
beyond the point at which I left it. It had suf-
ficiently illustrated the chief argument I addressed
to the Senate.
But, sir, my honorable friend from Ohio [Mr.
Wade] took the argument where I left it, and ad-
vanced the extraordinary preposition that it was a
legitimate exercise of power by the House of Rep-
resentatives. He maintained thatit was legitimate
for the House of Representatives to attach any
conditions which it should think proper to bills
appropriating money for carrying on the opera-
dons of the Government, and fortified his argu-
ment by referring to the example of the British
Constitution. 1 thmk my honorable friend, on
reflection, will be satisfied that he is mistaken in
the supposed analogy between the Constitution
of Great Britain and the American Constitution.
Mr. WADE. TheSenatorismistaken; Imade
no allusion at all to the British Constitution.
Mr. SEWARD. I understood my honorable
friend to suppose that the House of Represent-
atives was exercising only the power which the
British House of Commons exercises in similar
cases.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the honorable Sena-
tor from New York permit me to interrupt him by
making a motion to adjourn?
Mr. SFWARD. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 think a majority of the
Senate are disposed to adjourn; and if so, it is no
use for us to sit here longer. I move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. W ELLER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that question, as I think an adjournment now
will inevitably result in the defeat of some of the
appropriation bills.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope my friend from Louis-
iana will withdraw the motion, and allow us to
vote on this amendment at once. It may be that
if we can strikeout this provision, an end will be
put to the controversy, and we can go on with
the bill regularly. If the motion should not be
agreed to, it wiffnot be too late, because the same
motion to strike out can be made in the Senate
■when the bill shall be reported from the Commit-
tee of the Whole. Let us have a test vote, and
find out where we stand.
Mr. CLAYTON. Very well.
Mr. WELLER. Let us have the vote.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I cannot withdraw the I
motion to adjourn, because I know we cannot
have a vote. If we coulu vote on the proposition
now, I should be willing to withdraw the motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let us try it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I know we cannot get a
vote, because I know friends who will not allow
the vote to be taken until they speak on the sub-
ject. They wish to go on, and I am not disposed
to sit here all night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. WELLER. f call for the yeas and nays
on that motion. I think some of the appropriation
bills will be lost, if we now adjourn, and I wish
the country to see who is for doing that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WADE. I have been requested to stat* that
the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessendek,] and
the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Evans,]
have paired off on all questions connected with
this matter.
The yeas and nays being taken on the motion
to adjourn, resulted—yeas 20, nays23; asfollows:
YKAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Brain-
erd, Brodhead, Chise, Clayton, Cooper, Foot, Geyer, Gil-
lette, James, Pearce, Pratt, Seward, Shields, Sumner,
Wade, and Wright—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Butler, Clay, Dawson,
Fitzpatrick, Gwin, Burner, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mal-
lory, Mason, Rusk, Sebastian, Shdell, Stuart, Thomson
of New Jersey, Toombs, Toucey, Walker, Weiler, Wells,
and Wilson—23.
So the motion was not agreed to.
SUSPENSION OF RULE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the following resolution:
Resolved, (with the concurrence of the Senate,) That the
16th joint rule of the two Houses be suspended for the
present session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger.)
The Chair is of opinion that, under the rules of
the Senate, this question is immediately to be con-
sidered, unless the Senate postpones it.
Mr. STUART. I hope the resolution will be
agreed to.
The resolution was agreed to. The 16th joint
rule, which is thus rescinded for the residue of the
session, provides, that " no bill that shall have
passed one House shall be sent for concurrence to
the other on either of the three last days of the
session."
CI VIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION BILL.
The consideration of the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill having been resumed,
Mr. SEWARD. I was saying that there was
no analogy between the Constitution of Great
Britain and the Constitution of the United States,
in this respect. The powers of the British Con-
stitution consist of an aristocracy; which is repre-
sented by the King and House of Lords; and of a
Democracy or commons, represented by the House
of Commons. So great is the landed interest, the
aristocratic interest of that country, that it is
indispensably necessary that the House of Com-
mons should be armed with revolutionary power,
there being no written constitution, and such being
the adjustment of the political forces of the State.
All that fails here, where there is no aristocracy,
and where all the interests of the country are
equally represented in both branches of Congress,
the only difference being that one is made, by its
peculiar Constitution, somewhat more conservative
than the other.
From the foundation of the Government, until
this day, it has been settled as a matter of habit,
and become a habit of the Government, that the
House of Representatives shall not only exercise
its constitutional right of originating all revenue
bills, but that it shall exercise that original right
in a certain regular way; that is by introducing
bills of appropriation separate and distinct from
all other matters, and confined to matters of ap-
propriation alone. It is a part of that great con-
servative principle of legislation which is neces-
sary for the safe transaction of the public business
and for the preservation of the balance of political
affairs in any State, that every act of legislation
should be distinct and separate from all other acts;
and for the obvious reason that, where many sub-
jects are combined, in regard to which Represent-
atives have different opinions representing different
interests, there is no distinct and separate opportu-
nity for each of them, but a compromise is made
in which one party gives up something to obtain
an advantage from the other party. This, in
small matters, passes without observation; but
when the matters thus combined are great ques-
tions of State, involving the safety of the State,
or involving the harmony of the Union, then we
are all made aware at once how important it is to
adhere to the safe and cardinal principle of dis-
cussing every separate matter by itself independ-
ent of all others.
When I first came into the Senate I took the
ground that a combination of many great measures
affecting great interests and engaging different and
conflicting opinions, was irregular, was factious,
was revolutionary; and upon that ground, among
others, I voted against the compromise bill of 1850,
though it contained an object which I was most
sedulous and anxious to obtain—the admission of
the State of California. I insisted that California,
much as I desired her to come into the Union—
and all men know how anxious, at that time, I
was for the admission of the State of California—
must come in without condition, without compro-
mise, without qualifications; and because she was
not allowed to come in in that way by the com-
Eromise bill, I voted against it. I have always
een in fevor of advancing the interests of that
State, and of admitting States of the character of
California; but, at the same time, I have never been
willing to resort to a revolutionary or factious
measure to obtain an important object, however
beneficial it might be to the interests of the Union
in my 7iew, or to the interests of the community.
Sir, this has been my rule of action from the
beginning. The honorable Senator from South
Carolina appeals to me how I would act in a case
which he imagines, which may happen and which
may never happen; and that is, that, if there shall
be a House of Representatives the next year—
which I trust in God may be the case—that will
send here a bill to repeal the fugitive slave law,
then how will I vote on that?
Mr. BUTLER. That was not the question
which I propounded.
Mr. SEWARD. If the honorable Senator will
wait I will state his question and answer it.
Mr. BUTLER. Very well, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. When the House of Repre-
sentatives sends that bill here, it will be the begin-
ning of that reaction which, when the fugitive
slave law was passed, I knew was to begin in the
near future. The question being stated in that
simple form, of course the honorable Senator
knows, and everybody here and throughout the
country, I trust, knows what my answer would be.
I have voted here more than once for the repeal of
the fugitive slave law; and when the question
comes, this year, or the next year, or the year
after, or so long as I have a place in the Senate, I
shall always vote for it, when I can vote for it
constitutionally, and that I can always do when it
comes here as a separate bill.
Other honorable Senators ask what I will do if
the House of Representatives shall next year send
a bill for the restoration of the Missouri compro-
mise ? Sir, I trust that that House of Represent-
atives, whether it be constituted of anti-Nebraska
men, or of American men, or whatever may be
its constitution, will send up such a bill here. I
think the next House will send it, or at any rate,
the next one after that; and when it shall come
here, I will be prepared to vote for expunging
slavery from every foot of the common territory
of the United States of America, when I can do
that constitutionally; and I can always do it when
it is in a separate bill.
Now, sir, having thus stated my faith as to
what I can do constitutionally and without faction
or revolution, I will tell the honorable Senator
from South Carolina—and there are on this floor
the witnesses of what I say—that more than once
since the fugitive slave law was passed, I have
warned my friends that they must not put upon
an appropriation bill, which involves the payment
of the expenses of Government, a provision for
the repeal of the fugitive slave law, and that if
they did they would not have my vote. I can tell
the honorable Senator from South Carolina that
there are those here who will bear me witness that
when it has been proposed on this bill I have
refused to give it my support.
Mr. FOOT. I am a witness.
Mr. SEWARD. Here is one Senator who
says he is a witness. That is for the past. Now
I will tell th"e honorable Senator for the future.
The Senate of the United States has pursued, in
advancing theinterest of slavery, according to my
judgment, a course of faction and of revolution,
which has crushed the anti-slave power in this
House. It is weak here. I have remonstrated
at every step, and been at the same time, as I
think, loyal and orderly; but the Senate of the
United States can establish and will establish with
or without my remonstrance, what is factious,
what is orderly, what is regular, and what is rev-
olutionary. If the Senate of the United States
now establish the position that I am wrong in
supposing that it is faction and revolution thus
to compel a revision of the tariff without rhyme
and without reason; without giving men through-
out all this broad land an opportunity to know
that their interests are brought into question, and
without giving us, their representatives here, an
