1064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Seventeenth amendment of the Senate:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the same allow-
aacem respect of rations be hereafter made to the military
commandant of the Schuylkill arsenal in the quartermas-
ter^ department as to the commandants of the arsenal in
the ordnance department.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a non-con-
currence in that amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment of the Senate:
Sec:. 7. And be it further enacted, That the Jaws grant-
iug extra pay to officers and soldiers who had served in
California apply to chaplains who were attached to the
army in California during the period embraced by such
laws.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment of the Senate:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the annual
distribution of arms to the several States, under the act
approved April 23, 1808, entitled "An act making pro-
vision for arming and equipping ihe whole body of the
militia of the United States," shall be hereafter made ac-
cording to the number of their Representatives and Senators
in Congress, respectively; and that arms be distributed to
the Territories and the District of Columbia, in such quan-
tities and under snch regulations as the President, in his
discretion, may prescribe.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
oil the state of the Union recommend the follow-
ing amendment:
Provided, That the Secretary of War shall first equalize,
as far as practicable, the number of arms heretofore dis-
tributed and now in the possession of the several States, so
that each State which has received less than its pro rata
share, shall receive a number sufficient to make an equal
pro rata proportion for all States according to the present
number of their Representatives and Senators in Congress
respectively.
The question was taken; and the amendment to
the amendment was agreed to.
Then the Senate amendment, as amended, was
concurred in.
Twentieth amendment of the Senate:
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the Governors
of the several States and Territories be, and they are hereby,
authorized to sell, to the best advantage, the arms hereto-
fore distributed under the act of April 28, 1808, and invest
the funds arising out of such sales in other arms more suit-
able for the purposes contemplated by said act: Provided,
That no arms be so purchased or provided, except such as
may be of the same description and caliber as those reg-
ularly adopted and in use in the Army of the United States.
The SPEAKER. TheCommitteeofthe Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a non-con-
currence in the amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Twenty-first amendment of the Senate:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted^ That there shall be
added to the Army two regiments of infantry and two regi-
ments of cavalry, organized a  in the existing force ; and
that the ofliceraand men authorized by this act shall be en-
titled to the same provisions for wutinds and disabilities, and
the same provisions for widows and children, and the same
allowances and benefits, in every r<'bpect, as are allowed to
other troops composing the Army of the United States;
they shall be subject to the rtsles and articles of war, and
tbo men shall be rccruited in the same manner as other
troops, and with the same conditions and limitations.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union report the following
amendment to that amendment:
After the word " force" insert as follows :
And there shall be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and coiment of the Senate, one brigadier
general.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand the yeas and
nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
[Here a message was received from the Presi-
dent, by Sidney Webster, Esq., his Private
Secretary, notifying the House that he had ap-
proved and signed sundry bills, and transmitted
two messages in writing.
A message was also received from the Senate,
by Asburt Dickins, E<-q., their Secretary, noti-
fying the House that that body had passed a res-
olution for the suspension of the 18th joint rule,
which prevents the sending of any original bill
from one body to the other within the last three
days of the session, and asking concurrence
therein.]
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the twenty-first amendment was agreed to—yeas
102, nays 70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abereombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis AiJ-sn, Ap?leton, Atf-e, Barksdale, Belcher, Bell,
Benson, Breckinridge, Rristow, Brooks, Carpenter, Ca-
ruthers,Carskie, Chamberlain, Chandler, Chnsman, Clark,
Chngman, Cullom, Thomas Davis, Dawson, De Witt,
Dickinson, Disney, Drum, Dunbar, Eddy, Edgerton, Ed-
mands, Edmundson, Thomas D. Eliot, John M. Elliott,
Etheridge, Farley, Faulkner, Florence, Goode, Green,
Greenwood, Andrew J. Harlan, Harrison, Henn, Hibbard,
Hiester, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Johnson, Roland
Jones, Keiu, Kerr, Knox, Kurtz, Lane, Latham, Lilly,
Lindley, McDougall, McNair, Macy, Matteson, Maxwell,
Smith Miller, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, John Perkins^ Phil-
lips, Preston, Puryear, Rtchardson, Riddle, Rogers, Rus-
sell, Sabin, Sage, Seward, Shannon, Shower, George W.
Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Straub,
David Stuart, John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel
G. Taylor, Teller, Thurston, Trout, Tweed, Upham, Van-
sant, Walley, Elhlnt B. Washburne, Tappan Wentworth,
We&tbrook, Daniel B. Wright, and Zollicoffer—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Bennett, Benton, Bocock, Boyce,
Campbell, Corwin, Crocker, John G. Davis, Dowdell, Dun-
ham, Eastman, English, Everhart, Flagler, Fuller, Gid-
dings, Goodwin, Grey, Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Sampson
W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Hastings, Hendricks, Houston,
Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Letcher Lewis, Lmd-
slcy, McCulloch, Macdonald, McMulhn, Maee, Maurice,
May, Midd1eswarth,Milison, Morgan, Murray, Nichols, An-
drew Oliver, Packer, Parker, Peck, Peckham, Pennington,
Bishop Perkins, Powell, Pratt, Pringle, Ready, Reese,
David Ritchie, Robbing Rowe, Sapp, Shaw, Singleton,
Skellon, William R. Smith, HcstorL. Stevens, Stratton,
Wado, Walsh, Wells, Wheeler, Witte, and Hendnck B.
Wright—70.
The question then recurred on the Senate
amendment as amended.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 321, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercromlue, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, Appleton, Banks, Barksdale, Belcher. Bell,
Bocock, Breckinridge, Bridges,Bristow, Caruthers, Cham-
berlain, Chandler, Chrisman, Clark, Chngman, Cook,
Crocker, Cuimning, Curtis, Cutting, Dickinson, Dowdell,
Drum, Dunbar, Dunham, Eddy, Edgerton, Edmands, Ed-
mundson, Thomas D. Ehot, John M. Elliott, Farley, Faulk-
ner, Florence, Gamble, Goode, Green, Greenwood, Grey,
Wiley P. Harris, Harrison, Hastings, Henn, Hibbard, Hies-
ter, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Roland Jones, Keitt, Kerr,
Kurtz, Lane, Latham, Lilly, Lindley, McDougall,McNair,
Matteson, Maxwell, Smith Miller, Millson, Noble. Olds,
Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peckham, Pennington,
Jhshop Perkins, John Peikins, Phillips, Preston, Ready,
Richardson, Riddle, David Ritchie, Thomas Ritchey,
Rogers, Rowe, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Seymour, Shannon,
Shower, Singleton, William Smith, William R. Smith,
George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton,Richard H.Stan-
ton, llestor L. Stevens, Straub, David Stuart, John J.
Taylor, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Teller, Thurs-
ton, Tracy, Trout, Tweed, Upham, Vansant, Walbridge,
Walker, Walley, Ellihu B. Washburne, Wells, Tappan
Wentworth, Westbrook, Witte, Daniel B. Wright, IJen-
dnck B. Wright, and Zollicoffer—121.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Bennett, Benson, Benton, Boyce,
Campbell, Carpenter, Chase, Cobb, Corwm, Cox, Cullom,
John Q. pavis, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Disney, Eastman,
English,"Etheridge, Everhart, Flagler, Fuller, Giddmgs,
Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Andrew Harlan, Sampson W.
Ham?, Hendricks, Hill, Houston, Daniel T. Jones, George
W. Jones*, Knox, Letcher, Lewis, Lindsley, McCulloch,
Macdonald, Mac, Macy, Maurice, Mayall, Middleswarth,
Morgan, Murray, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peck,
Pratt, Pringle, Puryear, Reese, Robbins, Sapp, Shaw, Skel-
ton, Stratton, Wade, Israel Washburn, and Wheeler—01.
So the amendment as amended was concurred in.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. PHELPS said he was in favor of volun-
teers, but we must have protection for the coun-
try. He voted "aye."
Mr. PHELPS moved that the vote by which
the amendment was concurred in be reconsidered,
and that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Twenty-second amendment:
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That, to enable the
President of the Umu*d States to carry into effect the pro-
visions of so much of this act as relates to the employment
of an additional military force, &uch sum of money, not ex-
ceeding $2,500,000, as may be necessary, be, and the same
hereby i.->, appropriated nut of any money m the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. DRUM. Is the bill now amendable?
The SPEAKER. It is not; being under the
operation of the previous question.
The question was then taken; and the Senate
amendment concurred in.
The twenty-third amendment, adding to the
title the words "and for other purposes," was
read and adopted.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the Senate, in-
forming the House that the Senate had agreed to
the report of the committee of conference to the
bill of the House (No. 555) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30, 1856, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. HAVEN. I ask that the report of the
committee may be taken up.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (H. R. 555)
making appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, Stc., forthe year ending
June 30, 1856, met, and after full and free conference, have
agreed to recommend to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from the forty-eighth and fifty-
second amendments, disagreed to by the House. Tftat the
House agree to the following as a substitute for the fiftieth
amendment of the Senate:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$32,000 is hereby appropriated to enable the Secretary of
War to execute the contract entered into by Joel R. Poin-
sett, late Secretary of War, on the 12th day of March, 1839,
with Jean B. Faribault, and Pelagie, his wife, purbuaut to
a joint resolution of Congress approved the 13ih of Feb-
ruary, 1839: Provided, That the Secretary of War shall be
satisfied with the validity of their title to the lands men-
tioned in said contract; and that the conveyance to the
United States be sufficient to pass the title.
That the House agree to the fifty-first amendment of the
Senate, as follows:
In second lint*, after the word " agents," strike out the
words "and sub-agents." In the third line, after the word
" deeds," strike out the word " wills." In line four, after
the word " writing," insert " and to administer oaths in
investigations committed to them in the Indian country,
pursuant to such rules and regulations as may be prescribed
for that purpose by the Secretary of the Interior."
S. G. HAVEN,
J. L. ORR,
J. G. DAVIS,
Managers on the part of the House.
JAME^ SHIELDS,
J. A. PEARCE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The following is the report in detail. The
Senate recede from the following amendments
which were disagreed to by the House:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury Department be, and they
are hereby, authorized lo allow the paymasters of the
United States Army, who served as such in Mexico during
the war with that Republic, commissions of one and a half
per cent, on all moneys collected or received, and paid over
by them into the Treasury of the United States, arising from
duties on imports, and from internal assessments and taxes
in Mexico during that war: Provided, That no commis-
sions shall be allowed on any such sums of money so col-
lected or received, on which commissions have heretofore
been allowed to any other collector or receiver, or other
officer of the United States.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That from and a<"ter
the passage of this act, the salary of the central superintend-
ent of the Indian affairs for the central supenntendency
shall be &2,500 per annum, and for that purpose the sum
of $500 is hereby appropriated in addition to the existing
appropriation.
The following amendment of the Senate was
disagreed to by the House:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay
to Jean Baptist Faribault, and Pelagie Faribault, his wife,
the sum of $12,000, with interest thereupon from the 12th
of March, 1839, m full payment of their claim to the island
at the confluence of the rivers Mississippi and St. Pierre,
and on which Fort Snellmg now stands.
The committee report that the above amendment
be stricken out, and that the following be substi-
tuted for it:
Sec. 10. And be it further enazted, That the sum of
$12,000 is hereby appropriated to enable the Secretary of
War to execute the contract entered into by Joel R. Poinsett,
late Secretary of War, on the 12th day of March, 1839, with
Jean Baptist Faribault, and Pelagie, his wife, pursuant to
a joint resolution of Congress, approved the 13th of Febru-
ary, 3839: Provided, That the Secretary of War shall be
satisfied with the validity of their title to the lands men-
tioned in said contract, and that the conveyance to the
United States be sufficient to pass the title.
The committee report in favor of amending the
fifty-first amendment of the Senate, disagreed to by
the House, as follows:
In line two, after the word "agents"strike out the words
" and sub-agents."
In line three, after the word "deeds," strike out the
word " wills."
In line four, after the word "writing," insert "and lo
administer oaths m investigations committed to them in
the Indian country pursuant to such rules and regulations
as may be prescribed for that purpose by the Secretary of
the Interior
so that the amendment as amended would read:
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That Indian agents
be, and they are hereby, authorized to take acknowledg-
ments of deeds, and other instruments of writing, and to
administer oaths in investigations committed to them in the
Indian country pursuant to such rules and regulations as
may be prescribed for that purpose by the Secrenry of the
Interior; and that acknowledgments so taken shall have the
same effect as if taken before a justice of the peace.
The question was taken; and the report con-
curred in.
Mr. ORR moved that the vote by which the
