1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1065
report was concurred in be reconsidered, and that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
REFUNDING DUTIES.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up Senate bill (No. 591) to
remit or lefund duties upon goods, wares, and
merchandise destroyed by fire.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. That is
too important a bill to be taken up and passed
without consideration.
Mr. FENTON. I move to suspend the rules
to enable me to take up the bill. I will state that
the bill is substantially the same as that reported
by the Committee on Commerce at the last session.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. FENTON. Then I ask for the vote upon
tfie motion to suspend the rules.
The question was taken; and decided in the
jffirmative—ayes 104, noes 30.
So the rules were suspended and the bill was
taken up for consideration.
The bill was read through by the Clerk.
Mr. FENTON. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
Mr. WALLEY. I ask the gentleman from
New York to withdraw the previous question for
a moment. I have no objection to the bill, but I
desire to move to strike out, in the seventh line,
the words " 7th of July, 1838," and to insert in
lieu thereof" 1st of April, 1835;" so as to embrace
the great fire in Broad street, Boston, which stands
upon precisely the same principle.
Mr. SKELTON. I raise the question of order
that the bill contains an appropriation, and must,
therefore, be first considered in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. FENTON. 1 move to suspend the rule
requiring the bill to be so considered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 demand the yeas
and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 105, nays 55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Appleton, Ball, Bclcher,
Bell, Bennett, Benson, Benton, Breckinridge, Bri«tow,
Bugg, Campbell, Carpenter, Chamberlain, Clark, Cook,
Corvv'm, Crocker, Uullotn, Cilmming, Curtis, Cutting,
Thomas Davis, Dickinson, Disney, Drum, Eastman, Ed-
mands, Thomas D. Eliot, John M. Elliott, Etheridge, Far-
ley, Fenton, Flagler, Florence, Fuller, Gtddtngs, Goodwin,
Green, Grey, Andrew J. Harlan, Harrison, Hastings, Hies-
ter, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Johnson, Keitt, Kerr,
Knox, Lane, Latham, Lyon, McDougall, McNair, Mace,
Macv, Matteson, Maurice,Maxwell, May, Mayall, Meach-
ani, Middleswarth, Morgan, Andrew Oliver, Peck, Peck-
ham, Pennington, Preston, Prmgle, Puryear, Reese, Rowe,
Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Shower, Simmons, Sollers,
Hestor L. Stevens, David Stuart, John J. Taylor, John L.
Taylor, Teller, Thurston, Tracy, Trout, Tweed, Upham,
Walbridge, Walker, Walley, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth,
Weslbrook, Wheeler, Daniel B. Wright, and Zollicoffer—
105-
N AYS—Messrs. David J. Bailey, Barksdale, Bridges,
Brooks, CdSkie, Chrisman, Craige, John G. Davis, Daw-
son, Dowdcll, Dttnbar, Dunham, Eddy, Gamble, Goode,
Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Henn,Hib-
bard, Houston, George W. Jones, Roland Jones, Kid well,
Kurtz, Lelfher. Lilly, Lindlcy, Lindsley, McCulloch,
Macdonald, MeMullin, Smith Miller, Millson, Nichols,
Noble, Olds Parker, Phelps, Ready, Richardson, Thomas
Ritcllcy, Kllifin, Shannon,Shaw, Singleton, Skelton, Sam-
uel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Stratum, Straub, Andrew
Stuart, Yansant, and Walsh—55.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rule was not suspended.
Mr, FENTON. 1 move to refer the bill to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. There are two appropriation
bills—the Military Academy bill and the Post
Office appropriation bill—returned from the Senate
with about half a dozen amendments, which it
will not take an hour to dispose of. If the House
will agree to it I will move to close debate upon
these amendments.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr ORR.. I call for tellers on that motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Johnson and
Richard80n were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 72, noes 70.
Mr. MATTESON. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 74; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, Appleton, David J. Bailey, Barksdale, Ben-
son, Benton, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bristow, Brooks, Caskie,
Chamberlain, Chrisman, Clark. Cobb, Curtis, Dawson,
Dowdell, Drum, Dunham, Eddy, Edgerton, Edmundson,
Jolm M. Elliott, Ellison, Etheridge, Faulkner, Florence,
Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Grow, Hamilton, Sampson W.
Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Hendricks, Hibbard, Houston,
Hughes, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Kid-
well, Kurtz,Lewis, Lindsley,Macdonald, McMullin.Max-
well, May, Millson, Murray, Nichols, Orr, Packer, Bishop
Perkins, Phelps, Puryear, Robbins, Rufiin, Seymour, Shan-
non, Shaw, Shower," Skelton, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, William R. Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Hestor L. Stevens, Andrew Stuarr, David
Stuart, Trout, John Wentworth, Daniel B. Wright, Hen-
drick B. Wright, and Zollicoffer—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashe, Bennett, Bugg, Campbell, Car-
penter, Chandler, Cook, Corwin, Crocker, Cutting, John
G. Davis, Thomas Davis, De Witt, Dickinson, Disney,
Eastman, Thomas D. Eliot, Everhart, Farley, Flagler,
Franklin, Giddings, Grey, Andrew J. Harlan, Harrison,
Henn, Hiester, Howe, Hunt, Keitt, Lilly, Lmdley, Mc-
Culloch, McDougall, Mace, Macy Matteson, Maurice,
Meachain, Morgan, Noble, Andrew Oliver, Mordecat Oli-
ver, Peck, Pennington, Phillip®, Preston, Ready, Reese,
Richardson, Rogers, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Seward,
Simmons, Stratum, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G Taylor,
Teller, Tracy, Tweed, Upham, Vansant, Wade, Walbridge,
Walley, Walsh, Ellihu B. Washburne,Tappan Wentworth
Westbrook, Wheeler, and Witte—74.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Orr in the chair.)
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 move to take up the amend-
ments of the Senate to House bill (No. 561)
making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1856.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I should
like to know from the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means how many bills he has to
dispose of?
Mr. HOUSTON. Only one more besides this.
There are but eight amendments to this bill, and,
in my judgment, they will not occupy ten minutes.
Mr. WENTWORTH. What is the other bill?
Mr. HOUSTON. The Post Office appropriation
bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I hope the House will
sit here in good humor, and help the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means to hurry
through these bills, and I hope then that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will allow the House
of Representatives to do a little business on their
own account.
The Clerk proceeded to report the Senate amend-
ments to the bill.
First amendment:
In hne twenty, page 2, strike out "3,000," and insert in
lieu thereof " 4,160 so as to make the clause read:
For expenses of the Board of Visitors, $4,160.
Mr. HOUSTON. This increased amount is
appropriated for the expenses of the Board of
Visitors to West Point. It is rendered necessary,
owing to the fact that last year one of these visitors
was appointed from the State of California, and
his mileage was so large that this deficiency was
left. The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend concurrence.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
Second amendment:
At the end of the bill, add the following:
For repairs and additions to professors' quarters, $5,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend non-concurrence in that
amendment. From line thirteen to line seventeen
the same item is substantially introduced.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
For furnishing hospital for cadets, ,$500.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend concurrence in that amend-
ment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
For gas-house and apparatus, $15,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend non-concurrence. The
appropriation was recommended by the superin-
tendent, but it was not recommended by the War
Department.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
For deficiency for expenses of the Board of Visitors for
the year ending ibe 30tli of June, 1855, $688 52.
Mr. HQUSTON. The explanation which I
have given for the other amendment in relation to
the visitors applies to this. This appropriation
is for the next fiscal year. One of the visitors
will be from the State of California; and it is
necessary to appropriate this sum in order to meet
the actual expenses. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend concurrence.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
For additional pay allowed to enlisted men employed on
extra duty as mechanics and laborers, per act of 4th of
August, 1854, for the year ending the 30th of June, 1855,
$2,868 40.
Mr. HOUSTON. Thatamendment is rendered
necessary by an act of Congress of last session.
The Committee of Ways and Means recommend
concurrence.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
For cavalry instruction, $200.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend non-concurrence.
Thp question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Sec.2. Jlni be it further enacted That hereafter the
yearly allowance of the professor of French and Spanish,
and of the professor of drawing, shall be the same as is now
allowed to the other professors.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend non-concurrence in that
amendment. I will send up to the Clerk's desk,
however, a recommendation, which I desire to be
read. It is very short. The two professors men-
tioned here are the only ones who have not re-
ceived the higher rate of compensation. We com-
menced by raising the pay of one professor, then
of another, until we have raised all except those
two. I ask the reading of the extract, which I
send up to the Clerk's desk.
It was read, as follows:
"The pay and allowances of the professor of French and
Spanish—one person—and of drawing, and of geography,
history, and ethics—one person—arid of the chaplain, ought,
on account of their occupying precisely the same social
position, the same general relation to the cadets, and beieg
subjected to expenses of living in no degree less, to he the
same as those of the other professors of the academy. The
Secretary of War, however, as I am bound to say, does not
incline to raise the allowances of the professor of drawing
to that amount, nor to assign that amount to the chaplain ;
as to the professor of French and Spanish, and of ethics,
&c., he approves."
Mr. PECKHAM. Does the Committee of
Ways and Means recommend concurrence?
The CHAIRMAN. No; non-concurrence.
Mr. PECKHAM. 1 hope the committee will
concur in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. BRIDGES. I should like to know from the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
what the allowance of one of these professors is ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe $2,000 a year.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should be glad
to hear, from some quaiter, the reason for this
increased compensation.
Mr. PECKHAM. Thereason isvery obvious.
These positions are very important, and are well
filled; and their incumbents should be paid as much
as other professors are paid in the same place.
Mr. SMITH. Is the place well filled now?
Mr. PECKHAM. Undoubtedly.
Mr. SMITH. Has there ever been any diffi-
culty in getting a competent professor for this
PlMr. PECKHAM. The gentleman might ask
the same question with regard to many responsi-
ble situations where the salary is inadequate; and
he might ask the question with truth in regard to
the Judges of the Supreme Court. Plenty of men
would like to occupy the seat of my honorable
friend from Virginia, but not fill it half so well.
I hope that the cemmittee will have the justice and
liberality to grant the increase of salary here asked
