1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1067
by the Committee of Ways and Means proposes
that the increased compensation shall commence
on the 18th day of August, 1854, the time when
the Indian hostilities commenced, and that it shall
continue one year, i want to propose, myself, an
amendment to the Senate amendment at the proper
time. It is this:
Provided, The Postmaster General, with the assent of
the eoniKU'tons, be, and he is hereby, authorized to annul
said contract.
Mr, CHAMBERLAIN. I do not understand
this matter. 1 thought the amendment was the
amendment recommended by the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The CHAIRMAN. The first question is upon
the amendment recommended by the committee.
But the gentleman from Alabama indicated a wish
to offer an amendment, on his own responsibility,
hereafter. The proposition now is to strike out the
words contract aforesaid/' and to insert " 18th
duy of August, 1854."
Mr. EDGERTON. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether the gentleman mentioned in this Senate
amendment did not take this contract for carrying
the mails for a specific period, at a stipulated
price?
Mr. HOUSTON. He did.
Mr. EDGERTON. Well, then, I would inquire
why the price is now proposed to be enlarged ?
Mr. HOUSTON. It is for the purpose of
affording—at least that is my understanding of the
object of it—an indemnity, to some extent, for the
very heavy looses he has sustained by the out-
break of Indian hostilities all along the line of his
route. The hostilities commenced in the middle of
August, shortly after hi.* line of service was out into
opeiaiion. Since thattime, if I am not very much
mistaken, he has lost from thnty to kixty mules,
lie has lost some of his guard. 1 wo or three men,
I believe. Now, this amendment is designed to
remunerate him, to some extent, for losses arising
fiom Indian depredations.
Mr. EDGERTON. I think this is one of those
cafes which frequently arise, in which parties
make bids at a rate less than that for which the
mads can be carried, but who, after getting the
contract, and finding that they cannot make money
out of it, come to Congress and crave an additional
compensation
Mr. FLORENCE. This is not one of those
cases, and i lie gentleman has no right to assume it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think I can show the gentle-
man from Ohio that he is laboring under an erro-
neous impression in regard to this case, i have
before me the bid which was made by this man, at
the original letting. I find by the paper whicn I
have iliat this bid was $14,400; the service to be
performed in four mule coaches, and under sufii
cient guard. His bid was the only bid made at
the time.
Mi. EDGERTON I presume this man who
took this contract %vas entirely unacquainted with
the character of the service he had to perform,
and consequently he made a proposition for car-
rymg (he mail at a less price than the service was
really worth, and thereby forcing off these parties
who are responsible parties, and who understand
what they are about. This party, failing m his
contract, comes here and claims an additional
compensation. 1 am opposed to this whole prin-
ciple, for by it responsible parties are forced to
withhold their bids, and persons ignorant of the
country, and who propose to carry the mails for
less than it is worth, get the contracts. I say that
parties who make thtse contracts should be held
strictly to their fulfillment, and if this be one of
those cases, i am opposed to any change of the
contract; but if H is not, and the gentleman from
Alabama can satisfy me of the fact, that he has
sustained a loss by ihe Indian depredations, I will
support the amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, I am aston-
ished to hear the gentleman from Ohio declare
that he is opposed to this amendment for the
reason that it increase© the compensation of a
contractor who entered into a contract with the
Government to carry the mail from Independence,
Missouri, to Great Salt Lake City, Utah Terri-
tory, for a stipulated price. Did not that gentle-
man, only the other day, vote to increase the
compensation of the Collins line, when it was
contracted by the company to perform a stipu-
lated service, at a certain fixed price? Is there
not more justice in an increase of compensation
in this, than there was in that instance? Look at
the dangers and difficulties which had to be over-
come by this contractor? Are they not greater
than those of these ocean steamers? Most as-
suredly they are. But the gentleman says that this
contractor bid less than a reasonable price for
carrying this mail, in order to prevent others from
getting the contract. I will state that there wvre
several gentlemen who bid for this service, and
that their bids were very little'less than that of
Mr. Magraw.
There is another thing to be taken into consid-
eration. Indian hostilities have increased, and the
guard for the mail has been necessarily largely
increased. In consequence of these dangers from
the Indians, those who accompany the mail
demand, and have to be paid, larger wages. This
is a route of twelve hundred miles in length, over
plains, and through a country of hostile and war-
like savages. At every opportunity they waylay
and attack the mail party, murderthem frequently,
and run off, or destroy all the mules and other
property. Since, indeed very shortly after the diffi-
culty in which Lieutenant Grattan and his party
were massacred, the same Sioux Indians assailed
this mad party, wounded Mr. Kmcade, a passen-
ger, and killed thiee of the men, besides running
off all the contractor's mules.
Th^re in another consideration which ought not
to be lost sight of. These contractors expect, and
properly, that they will have some revenue from
the carnage of passengers over their routes; but
in this case, so long as the Indian difficulties con-
tinue, no passengers will take passage with the
mail.
It seems to me only just that the compensation
should be continued for twelve months, during the
probable continuance of ihese Indian hostilities,
no longer. 1 hope, therefore, Mr. Chairman, that
the amendment of the Committee of Ways and
Means* may be adopted, and the Senate's amend-
ment as amended then concurred in.
Mr. EDGERTON. Mr. Chairman, I do not
know that the statement of the gentleman from
Missouri has altered my mind in this case. I think
that it is just one of those cases where the party
took a contract and faded to make money, but not
by the fault of the Government.
Mr. DA WSON. The gentleman from Ohio
seems to be a great stickler for the 6trict letter of
the contractor in this case. He makes no allow-
ance for unforeseen difficulties and obstructions.
He doe.-* not take into consideration that, although
the contract was entered into during a period of
profound pesce, ihe country has been from a short
while aiterwards involved in Indian hostilities.
Hostile Indians have scattered themselves across
the plains and assail parties upon all the traveling
routes.
This contract has been executed in the face of
the common enemy. Still the honorable gentle-
man insists upon a compliance with the strict letter
of the contract. I know that my friend has been
more libeial than he is now on other occasions.
His general character is one of liberality and in-
tegrity. 1 would ask him, however, why he ex-
acts so severe a duty in this instance, when he was
willing to disiegaid a contiact made by a great
corporation for the carrying of the mail across the
! ocean ? He then vo(ed tor an increase uf compen-
! sation from §19 000, the original contract price, ?o
| $33,000 the trip, being an increase of §13,750 for
I each and evfrv trip.
j Mr. EDGERTON. Mr. Chairman, I willnow
i proceed to answer the gentleman from Pennsyl-
j vania, [Mr. Dawson.] He alludes to the Collins
I steamers. That line did not ask, nor did it get
; retrospective increased, compensation. It is only
] prospective, and the increased compensation is
' given for increased service. The cases are not
1 parallel. This contractor does not propose to
| perform additional service.
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Did not the Col-
j hns steamers commence the additional service
I before the law was passed giving them increased
i compensation ? and, therefore, was not the law
| giving that increased compensation restrospective ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
I the gentleman from Ohio had better not answer the
' question, for he will not be in older m doing so.
i He must confine his remarks to his objections to
j the amendment.
I Mr. EDGERTON. I want to place myself
right in the matter. I voted against the first prop-
osition for the Collins line; I voted for the second
.one because it was to give additional compensa-
tion for service to be thereafter rendered, it was
not retrospective. This gentleman claims addi-
tional compensation for services, not additional
services—why ? Because he has made no money
out of his contract. That is the only reason; and
why did he not make any money out of his con-
tract? Was itthe fault of the Government? He
does not so allege. It is because accidents have
occurred.
Mr. DAWSON. I say that it was the fault of
the Government which has not properly protected
that line of frontier.
Mr. EDGERTON. The Government was not
bound to furnish protection along his route. The
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phklfs] says that
the Government has not preserved peace with the
Indians. I say that the Government was not
bound, under the circumstances, to protect this
contractor against Indian hostilities. If the gen-
tleman will show me that, under the contract, the
Government was bound to protect the contractor
against Indian hostilities, or against any other
dppredations committed on the mail, then I will
say that there may be some claim for additional
al owance. Here the only claim is, that by acci-
dtnt,or otherwise, the contractor has faded to
make as much money on the contract as he anti-
cipated that he would. It is because I am against
this whole contract system, of contractors asking
for increased compensation, not for additional
service, but for service which they never did per-
form, that I am opposed to this amendment.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
Provided, The- Postmaster General, with th* assent of
the contractor, be, and he hereby is, authorized to auuul
said contract.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have nothing further to
say, except merely to remark that the Postmaster
General has no power to release the party from
his contract under the existing law, and this pro-
viso is to give him that power.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. OLDS. I have an amendment to offer to
this amendment, which is similar m its character
to that which has just been adopted. I move to
amend by adding at the end of the forty-second
line the following amendment:
Also for compensation to Jacob Hall, for carrying the
1 mail on route No. 8912, from Independence, Missouri, to
: Sante Fc, Territory of New Mexico, monthly •'aeh way,
i according to the contract nnder which said service is now
i being performed, the sum of $-22,000 per annum for one
year, from the Ibth day of August, 1854.
Now, Mr. Chairman, one word of explanation.
I wiil say that this amendment stands upon the
( same ground as the provision for the Magraw
case, which the Senate have adopted. This gen-
tleman has made application under similar cir-
cumstances, and the chairman of the Committee
on the PostOffice and Post Roads in the Senate has
requested me, inasmuch as the application was
not received soon enough to be acted upon in the
Senate, to oiler it here. It meets the concurrence,
as I understand, of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, and the claim ought to be
allowed. I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
This amendment provides for a distinct appropria-
tion upon a different subject from that embraced
in the Senate amendment.
Mr. OLDS. No, sir; it is a case precisely sim-
ilar to the Magraw case.
Mr. SEWARD. vCI think the gentleman is
entirely mistaken. This is a distinct appropria-
! tion relating to a distinct contract.
j The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
[ amendment is in order.
| Mr. BENTON. I will say one word in support
i of this amendment. It is to provide for an old con-
i tractoi, for the same man who has been carrying
! the mail upon this route five years. And he has
' carried the mail all this time without ever once suf-
1 fenng from Indian depredations. But,sir, m the
• present state of Indian hostilities in that country
I he now finds his contract, out of which he has
j heretofore made money, a losing business. This
I ia a most meritorious case. I hope the House
I will adopt the amendment.
i Mr. PRINGLE. Will the gentleman from Mis-
