1068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MarchJJ,
Bouri allow meto inquire whether the Indians who
are committing these depredations are not Indians
with which this Government have entered into
treaty stipulations ?
Mr. BENTON. If the gentleman refers to the
Sioux Indians, I reply in the affirmative.
Mr. PRINGLE. Then I will inquire whether
we have not already laws which can be enforced,
to collect indemnity from these Indians?
Mr. BENTON. No, sir; I think not.
Mr. PRINGLE. If I am not mistaken, there
is a general law by which we can collect indem-
nity for depredations committed by the Indians to
which we are paying annunities. I think the
amount may be deducted from their annuities.
Mr. BENTON. Why, this amendment is not
forlndian depredations. Itisforcarryingthe mail.
Mr. OLDS. I wish further to amend by insert-
ing the same proviso which was added to the
Magrawcase, authorizing the Postmaster General
to release this party from the contract if it should
be deemed advisable.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted. If it be, the House will place
itself in this absurd position: that we are legislating
to make a separate and distinct appropriation to
pay for contracts made with parties for the trans-
portation of the mail. And we are not only
providing for increased compensation for past ser-
vices, but we are, in addition, giving the Post-
master General authority to release them from the
performance of their con tracts in case they wish a
release.
Mr. PHELPS. If the gentleman will give way
for an explanation, I will say that this contract
was made before the commencement of Indian
hostilities, and certainly this party should not be
compelled to carry out his contract for the com-
pensation originally agreed upon under these cir-
cumstances.
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, eir; I understand the
proposition perfectly. It is to give these parties
a double favor. First, an appropriation of money
to supply a deficiency which they say exists for
past services; and then, to givethem leave to with-
draw from all further services. Sir, I say this is
wrong. If these parties contracted to carry the
mail for less than they could afford to carry it, I
BAy they ought to be the losers. They were men
acquainted with the country through which the
mail was to becarried. They knew the risks that
were to be incurred when they entered into their
contracts, and they ou*ht to be made to conform
to their original contracts.
Mr. PHELPS. But these hostilities had not
commenced when they entered into the contract,
and they had no reason to expect that they would
commence.
Mr. SEWARD. They knew the country, and
they knew the character of the Indians, and they
had the right to calculate upon just what has oc-
curred.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. Oh! no; the
Nebraska bill had not passed then.
Mr. EDGERTON. I have a single word more
to say in relation to this proposition. Now, sir,
these parties proposed to carry the mail from
Independence to Great Salt Lake City for $14,400
per annum.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
The amendment to which the gentleman from
Ohio is speaking has already been adopted, pro-
viding: for additional compensation for the route
from Independence to Salt Lake. The proposition
now before the committee is in reference to the
route from Independence to Santa Fe. I ask that
the gentleman shall be confined to the discussion
of the proposition under consideration.
Mr. EDGERTON. I will state that the gen-
eral debate has riot yet been closed on this bill, and
it is in order to discuss any provision in it. There
are some facts connected with this contract which
I desire to bring to the attention of the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.Phelps,] that
the proposition to which he alludes has not passed
from the consideration of the committee. It has
been adopted as an amendment to the Senate
amendment. But, the amendment submitted by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Olds] is an amend- .
ment to it, and both will have to be acted upon *
again hy the committee. |
Mr. EDGERTON. Then I am in order in die- i
cussing this proposition, am I not? |
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is in order.
Mr. EDGERTON. Now, sir, I wish to state
that this contractor, Magraw, proposed to carry
the mail for $14,440 per annum, and to provide a
good and sufficient guard. He proposed to fur-
nish a good and sufficient guard, which no other
bidder proposed to do; and it was for this very
reason, I have no doubt, that he obtained the con-
tract over other bidders. Mr. Chairman, I ask
the attention of the committee again to what he
proposed to do, an<J to what it is now proposed to
do for him. He proposed to carry the mail and to
furnish a good and sufficient guard for the sum of
$14,440. He did not furnish such a guard, and,
therefore, it is proposed to raise his compensation
to $36,000 per annum, increasing the amount ori-
ginally contracted to be paid him by $21,560 per
annum. I stated that the inducement, undoubt-
edly, in the outset, with the Postmaster General, in
awarding him the contract, was that he stipulated,
which no other contractor would agree to do, to
carry the mail with a good and sufficient guard.
And the term,14 good and sufficient guard," I take
it, means a guard sufficient to protect the mails
from depredations, and to protect him in carrying
the mail. He has failed in this part of his contract,
and I think he is entitled to no relief at the hands
of Congress. Certainly he is not entitled to I
receive an addition of $21,560 per annum. |
The question now being upon the adoption of 1
the amendment,
Mr. PHELPS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Edmundson
and Chamberlain were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes seventy-one; noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Chairman, I have an
i amendment to offer, which I think will passunani-
l mouf ly. It does not propose to take one dollar
j out of the Treasury. It is as follows:
Jinfi be it further cnactcd, That every contractor en-
gaged, or to be engaged, in carrying the mails through anv
of the territory west of the Mississippi, shall have the privi-
lege of occupying stations ot the rate of not more than one
in every twenty miles, on the route on which he carries the
mail, and shall have a preemption right thereon, whenever
the &<ime shall be brought mio market, to the extent of six
liundrrd and forty acres, to be taken contiguously3 and to
include Ins improvements, bat no such preemptive rieht
shall extend to any pass in a mountain or defile.
I submit that that amendment
Mr. SEWARD.
is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order, and rules the amendment out of
order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit to the
Chair if^ the amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri does not apply directly to the two
amendments we have just been acting on, and
cover them by giving to the contractors the pre-
emptive right to enter not more than six hundred
and forty acres of land, and to stations twentv
miles distant?
TheCHAlRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
amendment modifies the existing Jaw in various
particulars, and is, therefore, out of order.
_ Mr. JONES. So does the amendment we have
just been anting upon.
The CH AIRMAN. Does the gentleman appeal
from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. JONES. No, sir; but I hope the gentle-
man from Georgia will withdraw his objection.
Mr. SEWARD. As I am inclined to accom-
modate the gentleman, I will withdraw the aues-
tion of order.
Mr. BRIDGES. I renew it.
Mr. PfdfLJLPS. Oh, I hope not.
Mr. BRIDGES. Weil, I withdraw it.
Mr. TRACY. I insist upon it.
Mr. BENTON. Has the Chair pronounced a
decision ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
the amendment out of order.
Mr. BENTON. Whilst I am certain that the
Chair is conscientious in his decision, at the same
time I am sure that his heart is with us, and I
therefore appeal to the committee from his decis-
ion.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I would
like to know how much land is appropriated bv
this amendment. 3
Mr. PHELPS, Very little.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. None at all. The
bill merely gives preemptive rights.
Mr. PHELPS. It merely secures their sta-
I tions.
The question was then taken on the appeal; and
the decision of the Chair was overruled, and the
amendment decided to be in order.
Mr. BENTON. I now ask for a vote upon
the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to call
the attention of the gentleman from Missouri to
the particular shape in which his amendment was
sent up. It can only come in as an amendment
to the amendment, and therefore the words " and
be it further enacted "should be stricken out.
Mr. BENTON. Well, strike them out, and
put in " and," a-n-d, and. [Laughter.]
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Let the amendment
be read.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be read again if
no objection be made.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that it be read.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendment was accordingly read.
The question was then taken on Mr. Benton's
amendment to the amendment; and it was agreed
to.
The question recurred on the amendment of the
Senate as amended.
Mr. EDGERTON demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken on the Senate amend-
ment, as amended; and it was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
For compensation to George H. Giddingg, for carrying
tlie mail on route No. 12900, from Santa F<S, New Mexico,
to San Antonio, Texas, monthly each way, according to
the contract under which said service is now bfmg per-
formed, the sum of$33,500 per annum, commencing with
the contract aforesaid, and in iieu of the compensation
therein stipulated.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means have instructed me to report an amend-
ment to the fourth amendment of the Senate, simi-
lar to the amendment offered in the case of Ma-
graw.
The amendment was reported, as follews:
Line forty-eight, strike out the words " contract afore-
said," and insert m lieu thereof " J8th August, 1854, and
to continue one year."
The amendment, as amended, reads;
For compensation to George H. Giddings for carrying the
maU on route No. 12900, from Santa F6, New Mexico,
to San Antonio, Texas, monthly each way, according to
the contract under which said service is now being nrr-
f>?riIjc.«' e sum $33*500 per annum, commencing with
tne itjtn August, 1854, and to continue one year, and in heu
of the compensation therein stipulated.
The question was taken; and the amendment
to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means have also instructed me to offer the
following amendment:
Add the following proviso :
Provided, The Postmaster General, with the assent of the
contractor, be, and he hereby is, authorized to annul said
contract.
The question was taken; and the amendment
to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STRAUB. Is it in order to further amend
the amendment at this stage'
The CHAIRMAN. It is!
Mr. STRAUB. Then I propose the following
amendment: °
At the end of line forty-nine insert the following :
f on' whose salar>' doPS not exceed
ij > annum shall be allowed twenty per centum
additional compensation.
(.^r' of Tennessee. I submit a question
ot order. This proposition has no relation to the
amendment under consideration, and is changing
the laws which govern this matter.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the ssme
°PMrHmj^e Vth? amendment out of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. In connection with the fourth
amendment I desire to have read a letter from the
Postmaster General.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to having it resd
unless it is an official communication under the
Constitution. I am tired of having these letters
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Srw ard] hag no
right to object, if the reading of the letter is to
come out of the gentleman's time,
Mr. H-OUSTON. It is an official commumca-
