THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
of the Post Office Department, for the purpose j
of peiforming the mm! service required of them, j
It was upon that portion of the statement, as well ;
as upon his statement that these men had been at ;
si! times ready to perform their contract, that I |
predicated the suggestion \ made that here was a \
claim for immense damage, which must amount,
at least, to $1,000,000. With thirty boats held
in readiness, to perform the contract, and the
entire unwillingness, repugnance, and entire ab-
negation upon the part of the Postmaster Genera!
of the contract, and his refusal to perform it, '
what damages do this committee believe will be
claimed before the officers of the Government by
these parties? There are $297,000 a year which
they claim to receive for carrying the mail, and
then, to use the classic language of my honorable
friend from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] they have
been chiseled out of all they might have made by
carrying freight and passengers. I am a little
feartul that, under these circumstances, this will
happen so. I will not say it for the purpose of
catching the ear of the committee, but I say it in
all sincerity, that we shall have a claim for
damages of something more than $100,000. I
beg the committee to understand that the state-
ment which is made by my friend from Kentucky
I cannot gainsay. Fie makes it so clear, explicit,
and conclusive, that I understand it, and I doubt
not, the committee understand it. I can hardly
believe though, that the officer of the Government,
after he had inspected these boats, and accepted
them,should then, willfully,and without any cause
whatever, refuse to take them into his service.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Postmaster General
says that these boats were not accepted.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I understand the
boats were accepted.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Chairman, in reference to
that, I neither affirm or deny anything.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. This is what my
friend from Alabama probably means. He means
that the Postmaster General would not allow the
mails to be carried on those boats because there
was freight on board.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ala-
bama does not mean that at all. He means just
what he says, and quotes the Postmaster General
himself.
Mr. HAVEN. I only want to say one thing
further, and that is in reference to the suggestion
of my friend from Kentucky, in reference to the
advertisement of the Postmaster General, in refer-
ence to safe and suitable boats. I am not pre-
pared to say that either the present or the previous
Postmaster General mistook the contract upon the
subject. It may be that he regaided boats, loaded
down with freight and passengers, as not suitable
boats. He had the right to do so; and the only
question in, whether- he exercised his discretion
with propriety.
I desire to say again; and I want the committee
to understand it, that I have said what I have in
justification of the report of the Committee of
Ways and Means. I fear there may be some cat
under this heap of meal, which i do not under-
stand. 1 do not know anything about it; but I
am unwilling that this committee, unheard by me,
at least, should vote this proposition.
(Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CUECKINRiDGE, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment
Mr. PRESTON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting, after the words out of any
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropria-
ted," the words " provided such sum shall not
exceed $200,000." I offer this amendment for the
purpose of making a remark in reference to tins
matter. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Haven*] takes the ground that, because the Com-
mittee of Yvrays and Means have not had time to
examine this claim, therefore you are to permit
these contractors to go without redress, and to
leave them without any remedy from this House
for the wrongs they have sustained at the hands
of the Postmaster General. When Mr. Hubbard
made these contracts, the lowest competing bid
68
FRIDAY, MARCH 2, 1855.
New Serse?....No. 68.
j was about £,s00,000. The Postmaster General,
! when those contracts were invited, coupled the
j mail service with the requisition that the contract-
; ors should perform it in low-pressure boats, and
; in vessels constructed for the transportation of
■ passengers only. Such was the character of the
I advertisements of the Department, which varied
i from the law authorizing the service.
' Every one who is acquainted with the naviga-
• tion of the river between Louisville and New Or-
; leans knows that three fourths of the profits of the
. steamboats carrying passengers on those waters
; arises from freights. Glover and Mather, how-
j ever, offered to perform the service for $450,000
; a year, and received the contract. After Mr.
Hubbard left office, the present Postmaster Gen-
eral, Mr. Campbell, entered into a new arrange-
ment and contract, by which the service was to
j be performed on u f-afe and suitable boats" for
. >297,0110 instead of $450,000 a year. Mr. Glover,
who had been our consul at Vera Cruz, where he
; had amassed a handsome fortune, having taken
! the original contract, consented to this alteration,
, and entered into the present contract with the !
Postmaster General. Afterwards the Postmaster 1
; General refused to permit freight to be carried ;
!; upon the boats, and directed that the mails should j
j' not be delivered to boats having freight on board, ]
j insisting that the original advertisements, upon i
which the origins! contracts had been based, gov- I
erned (he last contract, though the r.ervice, in the :
| first instance, was to be perfoimcd for ^450,000 a
year, and under the modified contract, calling only
j ■ tor " sale and suitable boats" at *>207,000 a year. I
, remember that Benedict and Carter, who are among
j, the most experienced and responsible boat-owners
j1 in the West, considered that, so far as low-pres-
j sure boats were required, in the fiist proposition
!' made by Mr. Hubbard, the thing was impracti-
cable, and that somewhere about ^oU'0,000 would
be as small a sum as would remunerate contractors
, for a daily service on first-class passenger boat3
!| carrying freight. Twice the sum would not have
:j been sufficient if the boats had been forbidden to
<1 carry freight.
j! The Postmaster General has fully considered
this case, and has been fully heard and understood
| in regard to it. If my friend from New \crk
.does not understand it, it must eriss from the
I heavy pressure of business upon the Committee
:i of Ways arid Means, of which he is a member;
but this should form no objection to the Mouse
'! to prevent them from acting upon the subject now
and relieving these contractors from embarraes-
merit, if not min. I have been informed that the
!! principal contractor has suffered the most serious
II loss, and has been subjected to executions for a
|; large amount on account of these > ery transac-
ji tions, and 1 think that Congress should not refuse
!; to give him relief. The Senate, after full consid-
1! eration, has determined in his favor, and we should
I; not reject the amendment they propose, it is true
that the amendment does not limit the sum which
p may be allowed, and which the gendeuum from
li New York imagines may reach §1,000,000; but,
as 1 am convinced a fifth of that sum will largely
j, more than cover any allowance the Comptroller
li may make, i deem it best to obviate the objection
!: by the amendment I offer. The gentleman fiom
f New Ybrk alleges that, by allowing the settlement
of the accounts of these contractors unon princi-
jj pies of justice and equity, it may give rise to
!' claims hke that of Galphin. Let me ask him, sir,
■ who is to be the instrument in this anticipated
• .fraud-' To whom is it referred.1 To Eiisha Whit-
'1 t'esey, the First Comptroller, a man who is, I
II know, not only in my opinion, but m that of my
11 friend from New York himself, one of the most
V honest, intelligent, and vigilant accounting officers
; that our Government has ever possessed, and who
! equally commands the confidence of Congress and
the country. I trust the House will confide the
matter to him to audit on principles of equity and
justice, and that they will not defer the matter, as
i1 'it is essential to true justice that this relief should
|j be promptly given.
ii [Here the hammer fell.]
I Mr. PHILLIPS. The gentlemen who have
j advocated this claim have asserted that it isamat-
I ter beyond doubt; and, sir, to take the statements
! of gentlemen, one would suppose it to be so. But
| stili we have a fact on the other side, which ia
: rather a startling one, and that is, that a gentfe-
i man who occupied one of the highest offices in
j the Government, and who has held one of the
; highest judicial stations in his native State, a man
! esteemed for his integrity and intelligence, denies
; any liability on the part of the Government. Now,
I it is very remarkable that there should not be a
' doubt in a case where a man, having no interest
! but the pubi.e good, having no duty io discharge
! buta public duty, does deny any obligation. And,
i sir, there is no better, and certainly no safer, rule
| for us to adopt, than the one which compels us to
j hear the other side before We decide. Here is a
I proposition made by the chairman of the Com-
' mittee of Ways and Means, and which has not
I been aricweieu by either of the gentlemen who
! have spoken, and it is, not to deny the rights of
I these parties, but that we refer the claim to a tri-
j bunai which Congress has established, the court
. of claims. And what does the gentleman from
i Kentucky say? He says he is perfectly willing
to permit this claim to be referred to the Comp-
' troller of the Treasury for his decision, and that
I the Comptroller mr.y have the privilege of reporting
\ the matter to Congress to be acted upon. V7hen
[ will he do it? if the Comptroller js to do what
the gentleman from Kentucky desires, the report
j will not come here until the next Congress. This
! party con get his ciaim just as speedily before the
j court of claims, ar.d have the judgment of that
,j court upon it as soon as he can have the judg-
ij ment of the Comptroller upon the claim. If we
j! begin, so soon after having established a tribunal,
!] to take away from it its jurisdiction, we should
'i at once introduce a bill to abolish that court. Is
ij it not a perfect farce that we should sit here and
| organize a judicial tribunal, and especially for the
i| adjudication of just such cases as this, and when
; I the first case arises, take from that court the very
j! jurisdiction which was conferred upon it?
[The committee here informally rose and re-
i j ceived a message from the Senate, by Mr. Asbury
'l Dickins, their Secretary, informing the House
!: that the Senate had passed the following joint res-
!r olution and bills of the House, severally, without
!{ amendment:
An act for the relief of James Holstein;
A bill allowing the further time of two jrearsto
those holding land by entries in the Virginia mili-
tary district in Ohio, which were made prior to
the 1st of January, 1852, to have the same sur-
veyed and patented;
An act for the relief of Clark Mills;
An act to amend an act approved August 4,
28541 entitled " An act to graduate and reduce the
\ price of the public lands to actual settlers and cul-
tivators;"
';i *An act to carry into effect the convention upon
I the subject of claims between the United States
' i pnd her Britannic Majesty of the 8th of February,
jl 1853; and
;i An act riaking appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the year ending June
, i 30, 1856.
: j Also, that the Senate had passed the following
:j Senate resoluiior :
if An act requiring the Secretary of the Treasury
; to ascertain the value of certain powder destroyed
■ by order of Cosvmooore KolJins, of theN&vj' of
the United States, and to pay the value thereof to
the persona to whom it belongs; ar.d
1 Also, that the Senate had receded from its sec-
' oriel, frurrh, and seventh amendments to House
1 bill (No. 445) to reorganize the courts of the Dis-
, trie of Columbia, and to reform the laws thereof,
■ to which said amendments the House had dis-
agreed. .
j The committee then as:*nn resumed its session.}
■j Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. - Mr. Chairman, I
1 suggest that, as the gentleman from New York
! said this matter is unlimited, the proposition of
! limitation made by my colleague had better m
