1074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
adopted. I am perfectly willing that it shall be
adopted, although I suppose the amount ascer-
tained by the Comptroller will be below that sum.
Mr. HAVEN. I should like to make a state-
ment in answer to what thegentleman has said, if
it be in.order.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the Chair will hear the suggestion.
Mr. HAVEN. The suggestion is this: as I
understand the proposition of the gentleman from
Kentucky, it is that this matter should be referred
to certain officers who are to report to Congress.
The proposition of the Committee of Ways and
Means is, that it should go to the court of claims.
If the proposition be that there .shall be no report-
ing to Congress, then X am against it in any shape
whatever.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The amendment for
limitation is before the committee. I am perfectly
■willing that the matter shall be referred to the First
Comptroller, and that he shall report to Congress.
Mr. PRESTON modified his amendment, so
that it would read:
Provided, That the same shall not exceed $200,000.
The question was taken; and the amendment
■was agreed to; there being, on a division—ayes
eighty-six, noes not counted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I offer the follow-
ing amendment in lieu of the Senate amendment
as amended:
That tlie claim of William R. Giover and Thomas W.
Mather, anil their associates, be referred to the court of
claims to investigate, and report to the next Congress.
Mr. Chairman, if there be any question which
should properly go to the court of claims it is this
one.
Mr. SEWARD. I submit the point of order
whether the gentleman from Tennessee can oiler
an entirely new section in lieu of the Senate's
amendment?
Mr. JONES. Certainly I can.
The CHAIRMAN. Why cannotthegentleman
from Tenntssee do so?
Mr. SEWARD. For the reason that the gen-
tleman's amendment is an independent section,
and different from that of the Senate.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee is in lieu of that of the
Senate, and in the opinion of the Chair is in or-
■ der.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If there be a claim
set up against this Government which ought prop-
erly to go before the court of claims it is this one.
And I am confident, sir, that when that court shall
be announced to the country it will command
universal respect. Without Ifnowing who are to
compose it, I feel assured that it will have the
country's confidence.
But, Mr. Chairman, how does this claim come
here ? Prior to the law authorizing this contract
to be entered into, the Department was in the habit
of giving the carriage of the mails on these rivers
to the freight and passenger boats whenever they
were ready to depart from one port for another.
Under that regulation the cost was f80,000 per
annum. That, however, was found to be a slow
arrangement. Congress then authorized .the
making of a contract, under which the cost finally
settled down to $297,000 the year. Yet the mails
were carried upon the same boats which did the
same character of service as they had done before.
What advantage, then, was gained to those inter-
ested in that mail? it was for the purpose of
getting rid of these freight boats that the contract
was authorized and this service put on these rivers.
The gentleman from Kentucky says that it was
because these boats carried freight that the mail
was not put on them. Sir, as i understand, when
these contractors asked for the mails, they pre-
sented themselves with the same boats, and under
the same circumstances, as they did under the
former arrangement, and when the Government
paid $297,000 the year under the contract, it had
the right to demand that the mails should be car-'
ried upon mail and passenger boats, and not upon
freight boats. It was not because they were the
same boats, but, as I understand, because they
were engaged in the freight business. I believe
that the Postmaster General has done what he
believed to be right; that he has done what will
be promotive of the best interests of the service,
and what will be to the advantage of the country.
It is easy for gentlemen to get up here and speak
of Executive oppression, of wrong done to indi-
viduals; but there is no one here, I venture to say,
who knows the pressure that is made upon the
Post Office Department by corporations, railroads,
and steamboats, for carrying the mails of the
country. And, sir, it is a wonder to me that he
has ever succeeded as well as he has in resisting
demands and preserving the business of the country
as he has.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. My colleague
[Mr. Jones] says, that before this contract was
entered into by the Postmaster General with these
gentlemen whose names are mentioned in this
amendment, the mail service upon the western
waters was performed in ordinary freight and pas-
senger boats for $80,000 per annum. That is true
according to my belief, but does not my colleague
know that the mails were then usually given to the
slowest boats upon the rivers, for the reason that
the fast boats—those tha.t are the only ones proper
for the mail service—would not take the mails at
the prices which were paid for transportation.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. And no obligation for
regularity.
Mr. STANTON. Certainly no obligation was
entered into in respect to regularity.
Mr. PECICHAM. A single remark if the gentle-
man will allow me. The gentleman says no ob-
ligation for regularity was required. Now, sir,
the time in which these trips were to be made was
expressly stipulated for, and I apprehend there
was no other obligation for regularity necessary.
Mr. STANTON. That is true. But now it is
urged for the purpose of defeating this proposition,
which I belisve to be perfectly just, that the Post-
master General has not been heard in his own
defense. Now, sir, it is but three or four days
since that officer was so severely handled in the
Senate.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky.' I ask the
gentleman from Tennessee to allow me to make a
single remark ? I have before me the report of the
Postmaster General made in February 9, IS54,
which is a public document, and is to be found in j
our document room, which contains the history of
the whole matter. He excuses himself upon the
ground that the boats stipulated for were not sup-
plied. Nothing else.
Mr. STANTON, ofTennessee. I do not yield
the floor further. I say it has been urged that
the Postmaster General has had no opportunity to
defend himself. Sir, it is some days since that
officer was handled so severely in the Senate upon
this very proposition. He has had ample time
to make known to his friends in this House his
wishes, or his defense, in reference to the matter.
But, sir, we have heard no facts from that quarter,
and the very fact that we have heard nothing from
him, is the strongest evidence that he has no de-
fense to present.
Now, sir, anotlier proposition which has been
presented here for the purpose of defeating this
amendment is, that it shall be referred to the board
of claims, which has been authorized, but not yet
organized. Why, sir, on yesterday I desired to
get a matter before that board upon which I could
get no definite action before the House, and 1 was
not able to get up the resolution referring it to
their action. Tet here we have a proposition,
which has been well matured,«which has been
referred to committees in this House and in the
Senate, which has been fully and elaborately dis-
cussed in the Senate, and fully matured by that
body, and now it is proposed to refer it to the
board of claims.
Sir, the only objection to this postponement of
action in reference to this claim is, that it is one in
which these gentlemen are clearly entitled to what
it is proposed to pay them.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee allow me to ask him a single question ?
Mr. STANTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The gentleman says this
claim has been fully examined by committees of
both Houses. I desire to ask the gentleman if it
has not been reported against by the committee in
this House to which it was referred ?
_ Mr. STANTON. That is true; but not upon
its merits.
Mr. HOUSTON. It has never beenesamined
by any committee in this House.
[Here the hammer fell.]
_ Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to say a.
single word in"reply to my colleague, [Mr. Stan-
ton.] It is true that, under the old arrangement,
the mail was intrusted to, slow boats- But the
reason, according to my understanding, was, not
that the price paid was not sufficient, but becaase
the crack boats upon the river were running for
reputation,and, in order to make tjuick.trips, ttety
would not consent to stop at the regular mail sta-
tions between Louisville and New Orleans. That
was the reason:' It was to acquire a reputation
for speed, by which they could get alt the passen-
gers.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to offer an amend-
ments
TheCH AIRMAN. No amendment is in order.
Mr. HAVEN. Is it not in order to amend the
substitute offered by the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Jones?] I have an amendment which
I desire to offer to that.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to offer
an amendment to the substitute, but the Chair is
of opinion that it is in order to amend the Senate
amendment, which it is proposed to strike out.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, I desire to amend
the Senate amendment before it is stricken out. I
move to strikeout the words " Comptroller of the
Treasury," and insert the words " First Auditor
of the Post Office Department." Mr. Chairman,
1 have offered thatamendment, not for the purpose
of consuming the five minutes to which I am enti-
tled, but for the purposeof obtaining some inform-
ation in reference to this matter, if I can. I find,
by reference to the Journal of the House, that, on
the 26th day of July last, a petition was presented *
by Glover and Mather, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. Now,
sir, 1 desire to know of the chairman of that com-
mittee, or of any member of the Post Office Com-
mittee, what has been the action of this committee
upon this petition ? Is there a member of that
committee present?
A Member. Why, certainly. Here is the
chairman.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, I desire to know
of the chairman what action was. taken by his
committee upon this petition ?
Mr. OLDS. Mr. Chairman, I am not able to
say what action has been taken upon it. It was
presented near the close of the last session; and if
any action was taken upon it, I do not recollect it.
I do not think it has been token up by the com-
mittee during the present session.
Mr. LETCHER. Has the claim never been
examined by the committee at all ?
Mr, OLDS. No, sir; not that'l recollect.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, I regard this
claim as nothing more than a claim that should
undergo the scrutiny of the committees of the two
Houses of Congress as much as any proposition
that has cpme before us. Sir, these men come
here and ask that relief at the hands of Congress.
It seems to me that it would be very unsafe legis-
lation for us to pass here upon a question of this
sort without first having it examined by a com-
mittee of this House. Sir, I do not know what
peculiar merit there is in this case. I do not know
what particular hardship these parties have under-
gone that should entitle them more than any
others who come here and present private claims,
that should entitle it to be selected out from the
rest and attached to an appropriation bill. I have
heard the explanation of the friends of the bill in
this House. I have seen the correspondence upon
the subject. I have referred to the debate which
took place in the other end of the Capitol. The
Postmaster General maintains one view, and my
friend from Kentucky [Mr. Bkecki.vridge] an-
other; and it seems to me that, at least, the case
is not presented with sufficient clearness to author-
ize us to decideupon it now without investigation.
It ought first to nave the action of the committee
of this House, to which it has been referred.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I do not know
anything about the particular merits of this case.
I do not know whether any damages have been
incurred for which this Government is properly
responsible or not. It seems to me that this is
purely a question of reference, a question with
regard to the tribunal to which it shall be referred
It is not proposed that we shall decide upon the
particular amount that shall be paid; and, there-
tore, it seems to me that this general discussion
which we have had upon the merits of the con-
troversy is somewhat out of place The only
question which we have to decide is, whether this
