1076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar cli 2,
but had made no allusion to any extra service on this route.
On the 29fh of September, 1852, the contract office wrote
to Mr. G-, informing iiim of Mr. Monroe's statement, and
asking Ins explanation. In his reply, of Decemb: rSO, 185SJ,
lis seems to admit that lie had authorized such extra per-
formance, which h4 said hevhad deemed necessary to put
down iho private expresses.
I would here state that a prior letter, dated IBth August,
1851, hud been addressed to Mr G., forbidding him to make
any arrangements increasing the expenses of the Depart-
ment, withouuts special directions; on the receipt of winch,
it is presumed, he would, as afaithtul agent, have ordered
the suspension of th<; extra trip referred to, had he have
previously directed the saint! (as he alleged by way of ex-
planation io answer to the letter of September 29 had been
the case )
Mr. Monroe d d not renew the claim till September, 1853,
nor is it discoverable from our files that he has at any time
claimed to have run the extra trip during a longer period
than nine and a half months, between 1st October, 1851,
and 15th July, 1852. The tenor of his original request on
the subjcct, dated 15th July, 1852, to he allowed therefor at
the rate of $7,000 a year, makes it quite dlear that no price
was agreed upon wi(h Mr. Goggin lor the same; nor does
Mr. G. allege that there was.
Further, there is no evidence from ^postmasters, or any
other agent of die Department, >howing actual performance
of such additional service On this, point we have merely
tine stat< ment of Mr. Monroe and his agent, J. P. WilUtf,
who state that the extra trip was made during the period
above specified, "with some few exceptions during the
ppri'Hl of lugh waters in the Sacramento valley."
The claim has never been formally rejected by the De-
partment; nor has it been regarded as a p.opcr one for
allowance, when brought up, owing to the vagueness and
insufficiency of the evidence sustaining it.
Very respecthiUv, your obedient servant,
JAMES CAMPBELL, Postmaster General.
Hon. E. B. Oi.ds, Chairman Post Otficc Committee, House
of Representatives, Washinzion, 1). C.
Contract Office, Post Office Department, >
J'ebrtiury 13, 1855. )
8m: Be pleased to report to this office whether or not,
(7. P. Monroe regularly performed a sccond weekly trip on
ft088 (old) Hacramento City to Sh:icta, between IstOeto
ber, 1851, and 15th July, 1852. State your views an to the
necessity that existed tor such additional service (in eaao
it was performed) and as to its having been undeitaken
solely or mainly with a view to the passengers and freight,
or to the mail interest*. In cu^e ilie contractor was put to
considerable extra outlay in consequence, you will so state
in your report. The Postmaster General wifhe.x such in-
loimanon in die case us you would deem useful in deciding
upon an application of Mr. Monroe lor extra pav tor such
service. W. H. DUNDAS,
Sccond d.isirta)>t Po'.tmu^ter General,
To Postmaster, Sacramento City, California.
Post Office Department, Contract Office, )
Ftbruanj 14, lt*55. >
Fir : The Department had a contract from 1st of July,
3851, *o 30th June, 1854, with U. P. Monroe ar #7,000 a year,
fur a weekly mail on5088(old) S.icraincnto City to Shasta.
He claims to h.ive tun a second weekly trip, most of the
way in steamboat*, tinder t >e directions of the late special
agent, from 1m of October, 1651 io 15th of July, 185:2, and
requests pay theiefor. The Postmaster General requests
jou to vis>it the loe.tlny and ascertain whether such exua
eervice was perioyivd, aud with what regulauiy ; whether
or not there w.ts utgeni necessity foi the same, aud whether
the contractor was thereby put to any i onsiderable addi-
tional outlay tor means of transportation. li the additional
trip was performed solely or mainly with a view to passen-
ger or Iretght interests, so state m your report
W. II. DUNDAS,
Second. JlssUtunt. Postmaster General.
To J. P. Fry, Esq., Special *flgcntf San Francihco) Cat-
\forma.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hod forgotten to state that
the copies of letters which 1 sent op to be read, I
received since the bill was acted upon by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and I felt it due to
the Postmaster General that those letters should
be communicated to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. The Cornmittje of
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence m
the amendment.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. I desire to offer
an amendment, which J send to the Clerk.
The amendment was read, as follows:
At the end ofthf eighth linn insert:
And this Second Comptro!l"r. under the advice of the
Attorney General, is hen by directed to examine and liqui-
date :1m claim of Arthur Edwards for ewa mail service on
Lake El IP arid Detroit nv-r. the compensation of winch is
rot provided lor hy law, and that the amount found due he
paid out of any money m the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Mi. HAMILTON. I rise to a question of order
upon that amendment.
Mr.'STUART. If the gentleman will hear me
a moment I w;!l explain the amendment, and then
I think there will be no objection to it.
Mr. HAMILTON. Well, I will reserve my |
question ot order until I hear what the gentleman
has to say.
Mr. STUART. The amendment merely pro-
vides that the Second Comptroller of the Treasury,
under the'advice of the Attorney General, shall
determine upon the claim made by Captain Ed-
wards for the transportation of extra mails be-
tween the city of Buffalo and Detroit. The cir-
cumstances under which the claim originated are
briefly these: Captain Edwards had a line of
steamboats upon the lakes, and was paid by the
Government for performing the regular mail ser-
vice, but was not paid for the extra mail service
which he performed. He transported the local
mail from Buffalo to Cleveland, for which he was
paid under the rules of the Department. For the
other mail, which is the extra mail, and which
was four or five times the siz? of the local mail,
he is not paid under the law of the Department.
I wish to say, in reference to this claim, that the
boats which ran in connection with hi3 line on
alternate days, were paid precisely according to
the amount of service which was rendered by
them to the Department. They were paid for the
extra mail service by the last Administration,
which service was four times as large as the local
mails. The Postmaster General,notwithstanding
the' precedent which was established by the last
Administration, lias decided, and perhaps correctly,
that there is no power in the Department under
the law to settle this amount. Now, the amend-
ment asks that the claim be referred to the Second
Comptroller of the Treasury Department, under
the advice of the Attorney General, to examine
and settle it, and I trust there will be no objection
to the proposition. If the claim is not a just one
—and, in the opinion of the Postmaster General,
it is—he will receive no compensation. If it is just,
there ought to be made some provision of law for
its liquidation.
Mr. HAMILTON. We made a provision a
few days since for this kind of cases. I know
nothing about this claim, but I will say that this
is a general appropriation bill, and we ought not
tn include in it appropriations to satisfy private
claims. It is bad enough that the Senste have
placed private claims upon the bill, without our
endeavoring to violate all the rules of the House
by doing the same thing.
Mr. HOUSTON. Did not the Chair decide the
question of order ?
The CUA fltMAN. He did not. The gen-
tleman from Maryland deferred raising a question
of order in order to hear what the gentleman from
Michigan had to say in explanation of the amend-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, I raise a question of
order upon ^he amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, which 1 suppose will be proper and germane
to the preceding amendment of the Senate now
under consideration. I propose to add to the end
of the Senate amendment the following proviso:
Provided, That satisfactory evidence be furnished to the
Post master GeneVal that faaid extra service was rendered.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object to that amend-
ment. That is exactly like my case.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not see what objection
there can be to the amendment. The case is this:
The Postmaster General says there is not suffi-
cient evidence in the Department to establish the
fact that the extra service was rendered between
Sacramento City and Shasta. Now, I propose
that we agree to the Senate amendment with an
amendment providing that sufficient evidence shall
be presented to the Department that the service
was performed.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Iaskthegentleman from
Alabama to send up to the Clerk's desk the letters
of the special o?er,t of the Post Office Department'
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no letters which I
have not already sent to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Those letters were sent
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I have not seen them
to my recollection. I do not remember any letters,
such as those to which the gentleman from Cali-
fornia refers. I will examine my bundle, and, if
I find them, I will send them up. But we have
the head of the Department, who, according to the
letters which have been read, is satisfied of the
fact, without equivocation, that the testimony is
not sufficient to support the claim, and why allow
a claim, when the Department tells us it is not
established by evidence? The proviso 1 have
offered can do no harm. If the services were
rendered, of course it can be established by evi-
dence. ' ' . *"
Mr. McDOUGALL. That is what the Post-
master General has been; telling me the whole
winter.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is an issue, then,
between the gentleman and the Postmaster Gen-
eral. AH I want is, that in our legislation we
should do what is just, fair, and proper.. If there
can be any objection to the proviso, I cannot im-
agine how it can arise. If the case is all right, let
it go through, as it will, if it cannot be estab-
lished, it ought not to be paid.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the gentleman for
the evidence before his committee.. I will state,
Mr. Chairman, that on my first arrival here,
having this claim in charge, I laid it before the
Committee oh the Post Office and Post Roads.
According to the custom of that committee, a call
was made on the Post Office Department for in-
formation . The Department stated that there waa
not sufficient evidence on a particular point. They
had evidence that extra service had been per-
formed, but they had not specific evidence as to
the extent of that service. To meet that demand
of the Post Office Department, the Post Office
agent, who had full power at the time in the State
of California, and who w^s in the city of Wash-
ington, sent in a communication setting forth par-
ticularly the extent, amount, and value of the
service, complying exactly with the demand of the
Postmaster General.
This, with other testimony to the same point,
being before the Department, I pursued this ques-
tion without success for sixty days I called on
the Postmaster General at least thirty times; twenty
times he promised to examine the accounts. At
the very Inst week of the session, when legislation
is hardly hoped for, [ Went there and found that
there had been no action. I then brought the
papers, or rather copies of the papers, before the
Department, to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads. "I stated that the Postmaster
General had not acted upon the subject. I was
authorized by that committee to reportabill. That
bill and accompanying report are now upon the
tables of members. The facts are simple- and
easily understood. They are unquestioned and
unquestionable. Still, there is no apology why
the account has not been adjusted and paid. I do
not understand these delays. I have occupied
more time about this little claim, to get it up,
adjusted, and paid, than any business of public
importance. I have been forced to do it by the,
manner of conducting business ia the Post Office
Department at Washington.
1 wish to be understood as saying that the letter
of the postal agent of the Government states spe-
cifically that the special service was rendered from
the 1st of October, 1851, to the middle of July,
1852; and that it was worth §7,000. Tinder the
instruction of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, I reported a mere pro rata com-
pensation of $5,000. There is no excuse which I
can see for not having adjusted this account long
ago. The information is m the Department; and
I ask that this amendment, which has passed the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads of
the Senate, and which has come to us in this bill,
may be passed as a simple act of justice to this
claimant.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The amend*,
ment simply authorizes the Postmaster General to
pay this claim, and I would ask the gentleman
whether he expects that it will be paid under the
amendment?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I shall move that he be
directed to pay it.
The question was taken on Mr. Houston's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to amend the
amendment, so that it would read, "That the
Postmaster General be, and he is hereby, author-
ized and directed to pay to Uriah P. Monroe,"
&c.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was disagreed to, on a division, only twenty-two
voting in the affirmative.
The question was taken on the amendment ot
the Senate; and it was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment of the Senate:
Sec. 30. Jlv.ti be it further enacted, That the proper
Comptroller of the Treasury, r.n'!'■;■ instructions of the At-
torney General, inquire whether the contract made by tie
