1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1083
tioned. Severn! other laws were passed and executed  and
finally, that of31st August, 1852, which required the Sec-
retary of the Interior to issue scrip for such warrants,
" upon being satisfied, by a revision of the proof, or by ad-
ditional testimony, that any Warrant thus surrendered was
fairly and justly issued, in pursuance of the laws of said
Commonwealth," &c.
The duty here devolved upon the Secretary is clear and
explicit, and the reason for it, as stated in the printed letter
oi Hon. J. R. Underwood, of 27th August, 1853, with the
papers was, " because it had been often suggested that
many frauds had been practiced upon the Governor and
Council of Virginia, by which warrants had been illegally
obtained." This duty was transferred to this Office, with
fixed principles, approved by the Secretary of the Interior,
for its government in tl^ discharge of the duty.
In discharging that duty in accordance with those prin-
ciples, this Office has refused to satisfy a number of claims,
a synopsis of some of which is inclo&ed, giving a brief ins-
tot y of each, and the reason for refusing to issue tcrip on it.
You can see and judge foi yourself whether Congress, in
passing this scrip law, contemplated such cases, and
whether this Office erred in refusing to satisfy them.
it seems to be urged, however, that the Governor and
Council, in deciding these claims, acted as the highest tri-
bunal known to the law; that they were the exclusive
judges both of the law and the faets, and, therefore, their
decisions were final—reference being had to the opinions
"of the Supreme Court of the United States in Green vs.
Neal,6 Peters, page 291, and Elmendorlf vs. Taylor, 10
Wheaton, page 159. If this principle be sound, the earlier
decisions of the Governors and Councils rejecting tnany of
the&e claims were also final, and their successors had no
right or power to review those decisions; and the principle
(i stare decisis " must prevail throughout.  
Aside from the singular language of this law, however,
which seems to require an examination of these claims,
while substantially it deprives the Department of all con-
trol except to allow them, the principal issue raised is in
relation to what is known as double allowances ; that is,
where officers have served both in the line and staff, a fuil
allowance for each rank. This has been refused by this
Office for the following reasons: Virginia, by act of May,
granted lands to all the officers who had notbren
cashiered or suspended, and who had served three yeuis,
with one sixih additional allowance to those who had
served more than stx years, for each year over six that he
liad seived. *
The allowances, however, were only fixed with reference
to lineal rank, the officers of the Navy ranking one grade
higher than those of the same designation m the land ser-
vice, hut the allowances for Ua$ rank were not fixed.
By the letter from the register of the Virginia land office,
in page 8 ot the printed memorial of James Cornick and
Catharine Bloomick, with the papers, it will be perceived
that, according to the precedents of his office, founded on
allowances and orders, a paymaster of the line ranked with
a captain of the line; a quartermaster general and adeputy
quartermaster general with a colonel of the line, and other
quartermasters as majors of the line. Hence, where a lieu-
tenant m the line was acting us paymaster in the line, he
has been allowed the bounty land due a captain of the line;
where a captain of the line has zctzdtxs quartermaster gen-
eral or assistant quart ei i natfer general of the line, he has
been allowed the bounty land due a colonel of the line; and
where a capta n of the line has acted as quartermaster
only, lie has been allowed the bounty land due a major of
the line. This, I will now proceed to show, is precisely
the principle decided by the court of appeals, in the case of
Wyatt Coleman, cited in the printed memorial above re-
ferred to, page 6, to prove the reverse of this principle.
Wyatt Coleman, says the memorial, was a lieutenant
and adjutant in Dabney's legion,'(infantry.)
The nav, t>er month, of a lieutenant of infantry in the line
was..... $26 66#
Adjutants taken from the line, m addition to their
pay as officers in the line, per month  13 00
Total pay as adjutant $39 66%
Or within 33>£ cents of the pay of a captain of the line.
In Virginia currency the pound was equal to $3 33}$;
making theabove pay of $39 66ft exactly equal to £11 lbs.
allowed by the court of appeals m this case.
[f he had been allowed full pay in each rank, it would
have been:
As lieutenant, per month,     $26
As adjutant, per month,  39 60%
Total $66 33M
Or £ 19 18s. per month, instead of £ 11 18s, allowed by the
court of appeals.
The other cases cited are, no doubt, equally in point.
In cases of this kind this Office has allowed the lieuten-
ant acting as> adjutant the bounty land due a captain ; pre-
cisely folio wins the principle thus laid down by the court
of appeals of Virginia.
The other cases cited in that memorial are presumed to
be of like character, and, as evidence of the tacts in rela-
tion to such allowances, 1 refer you to the letter from the
Commissioner of Pensions, of the 6th instant, in which the
matter is fully explained, ami the case of William Armia-
tead given as an illustration, precisely opposite to the light
in winch it is cited in this memorial.
It will thus be seen that the action of the Pension Office
and of this Office, in cases of this character, has been in
exact conformity with the decisions of the district courts
and court of appeals of Virginia; and it i& believed thatthe
action of the authorities of Virginia have, also, been of like
character, til) the erroneous impression obtained, as stated
in this memorial, that the decisions of the court of appeals
sustained a double allowance, instead of an allowance for
the higher grade of service only, as shown above from the
memorialist'* own testimony. The lapse of time, involved
character of the laws, and vagueness of terms used in le-
portmg these cases, can well excuse an error of this kind,
but cannot justify the perpetuation of it. Neither can they
justify the harsh expressions used in this memorial towards
the Department of the Interior and this Office, for refusing
to carry out this error; which refusal the memorialists are
pleased to " denounce as an outrage upon their State, a
contempt of her sovereignty, an insult to her dignity, and a
sacrifice of the just rights of her people!"
There is one case cited in this document in which double
pay and bounty were allowed, by a resolution of the Conti-
nental Congress of July 23, 1776, but that resolution dis-
tinctly stated that this case shoulfPnot be drawn into prece-
dent. I allude to the case of David Griffith, who received
half-pay as surgeon, and also halt-pay as chaplain.
The other cases cited I have not examined; time would
not permit it; but as they are brought forward en masse to
sustain the grounds taken by* the memorialists, it is pre-
sumed they approve the same facts, and, therefore, fully
sustain the action of this Office. As already stated, you
have most of the cases refused, and the reasons for refusing
them. In my opinion they all stand upon precisely the
same basis, with reference to the laws of Virginia and the
decisions of the courts, the double bounty cases having no
higher equities than those where the parties resigned or
were cashiered or superseded. If it be the pleasure of Con-
gress to satisfy these cases, however, I have nothing to say.
J have gone thus fully into this subject, not to prejudice
these claims, but to show that the Department and this
Office .have endeavored to carry out the laws of Congress
and Virginia in i elation to these claims, as construed by the
courts of Virginia, though much has been said and written
to the contrary in a spirit <>r tone for the indulgence of
which there was no good reason.
Inclosed, as requested, I also send a copy of the letter
from i his Office to the Secretary of the Interior, of June 2,
1854, and to the Hon. John S. Caskie, of the llouse of
Representatives, under date of the 7th instant, both relating
to these claims.
Other questions were raised in cases of persons who had
died'or been killed in peivice and those who had been dis-
charged and claimed as supernumeraries, which were de-
cided by the Secretary in favor of the claimants.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, JOHN WILSON, Commission er.
Hon. I. P. Walker, Chairman Committee on Revolution
ary Claims, Senate of the United States.
Mr. WALKER. I hold in my hand a reply to
that letter, written by a gentleman who seems to
be thoroughly acquainted with these cases, and
who represents, as he assured the committee, a
very large number of claimants.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator whether, in the present stage of the session
and of the public business, it is worth while to
pursue this inquiry further. It is evidently going
to consume a great deal of time; and it is certain
from what has been said by the Senator, that
there are doubts and difficulties about it. It is a
matter of considerable amount; and I would sug-
gest to my friend whether, in a spirit of patriotic
devotion to the transaction of the great public
business, he would not allow this to stand over
until the next session.
Mr'. WALKER. What I have to say I can
conclude in five minutes, unless something is said
by others to which I shall have to reply. In
answer to that letter of the Land Commissioner, I
repeat, I have a paper which was drawn up and
handed to .me' by a gentleman who is now in the
city, Mr. Segar, and who represents a large num-
ber of claimants and possesses a very intimate
knowledge of the matter. In regard to these dpuble
allowances, I will make the assertion that there is
nothing in the laws of Virginia which authorizes
the issue of warrants for^double rank, lineal and
staff. "The only precedent proper that can be
found at an early day, is one tn the case of David
Griffith, and that was a peculiar case. The Com-
missioner says in his letter that the allowance was
there made under a resolution of Congress; but I
disagree with him when he says that an allowance
for lineal and staff rank was made under that reso-
lution. As this is relied upon as the precedent
upon which all the double allowances are based, I
wish the Senate to give their attention to it.
Mr. MASON. Do I understand the Senator to
say that the cage of David Griffith was the only
case in which double bounty land was given by
the StatB of Virginia to the same person holding
two commissions?
Mr. WALKER. No, sir; I say it is the only
one, at this early period when these allowances
were first made, and that I will show was made
under peculiar circumstances. Since that, I have
stated, Governor Floyd made a clean sweep, and
seems to have given bounty land in every case
where it was asked.
Mr. MASON. I can give the Senator another
case—that of Thomas H. Drew. He received
bounty land as captain in the Continental line, in
1782L, and also as captain in the State line, in 1782.
Mr. WALKER. I am going to remark on
those cases, for I have the original papers in my
possession. But the case of David Griffith is taken
as a precedent at an early period, and is alleged as
evidence to sHow that Virginia, at that early period,
recognized the right of her officers to receive
bounty land both for their lineal and staff rank.
Here is the resolution in regard to him:
In Congress, July 23,1776.
Resolved, That Dr. David Griffith be appointed to the
stations of chaplain and surgeon m the third Virginia regi-
ment, he being a person of uncommon merit, and there
being very few surgeons of ability who will enter into the
army in that station. This appointment " not to be drawn
into precedent." That Mr. Griffith draw pay in both these
capacities for the time he has served in the regiment.
CHARLES THOMSON, Secretary.
Extract from the Minutes.
There we see the foundation of Mr. Griffith's
right, under the (government, to double pay; but
it shows nothing in regard to his right to double
allowance under the laws of Virginia. But in the
tetter drawn up by the agent of the parties, I find
Ihis commentary upon the Commissioner's letter:
" Tho principal class of claims excluded by the decisions
of the Secretary of th*  Interior is, as correctly stated by
the Commissioner in his letter, to the Hon. Mr. Walker, of
the Senate, that of double allowances for double service,
or staff allowances. Against this class the Commissioner
argues with much zeal and ingenuity, but with ail my
ret-pect for his excellent sense and general administrative
ability, I am bound to dissent, utterly, from his conclu-
sions. Wiih all deference, 1 say it, his view of the ease is
erroneous, clearly erroneous.
" I will promise, on this point, that Virginia, actually
before she ceded her va^t domain to the Confederation, and
of course when she had the absolute right to do with it what
she pleased, recognizcd and made these double allowances
for double service. In 1783, she granted a land warrant for
six thousand six hundred and sixty-six and two thirds acres
to David Griffith, for his services as chaplain, and one of
six thousand acres for his services as surtieon.
" But the Commissioner of the Land Office, in his zeal,
altogether commendable, to vindicate the action of his
Department, cues a resolution oflhe Continental Congress
to show that the case of Griffith, was a case sui generis,
not to grow into a precedent, which resolution was as
follows."
I have read that resolution. Mr. Segar com-
ments on it in this way:
" Now, it is a conclusive reply to this very specious and
ingenious argument of the Commissioner, that this resolu-
tion operated upon Congress, and Congress only, and that
Virginia, in granting double bounty to David Ghffith for
double service, so granted it under her own proper and
peculiar land bounty laws, and not under any resolution or
law of Congress. In proof of this I submit the following
letter from the register of the Virginia land office, just
received."
After hia promising a letter showing so much,
we should expect to see it refer to some law of
Virginia. Should we not expect that that regis-
ter of the land office would point out that in the
case of David Griffith it had been lawfully allowed
under the laws of Virginia? But what says the
register ?
Virginia Land Office, )
Richmond, February 16, 1855. J
Dear Sir: In reply to your letter of the 11th instant,
inquiring whether David'Griffith (surgeon find chaplain)
rf-ceivpd bounty land under a resolution of Confess, or
under the land bounty laws ot Virginia-1 have to inform
you that it appears he reeefVed the double boumy land by
virtun of allowances made by the executive of this State,
in the year 1783.
I am, dear sir, yours, very respectfully,
S. H. PARKER,
Register Virginia Land Office.
Joseph Segar, Esq , Washington.
He refers to no law; hut simply says it appears
that it was under an Executive order, in 1783.
Mr. MASON. Does that not necessarily show
that-it was the construction placed by tlie Execu-
tive upon a law ?
Mr. WALKER. That does seem to be the
conclusion to which one would come at first blush;
but I tell the Senator it has not been followed, and
when the Executive looked at the laws of Virginia
he saw nothing whatever in them that would au-
thorize him to make such an allowance. I have
said, and 1 "say so still, if the law can be produced
from which that conclusion could have been drawn
by the Grovernorand Council of Virginia, for one,
I will vote for the passage of the bill without
another word. I made that offer some days ago;
and the register of the Virginia land office was
telegraphed to, as I understand; but no law could
be found, and the register answers to the full ex-
tent that he can answer, when he says, not that it
was allowed under the laws of Virginia, but, ha
appears, by an order of the Executive'in 1783.
When we take into consideration what Congress
did, can we ever believe that Virginia would have
stood by and done anything less for her great
surgeon and chaplain than Congress proposed to
do? Here is a resolution of Congress appointing^
Doctor Griffith as a surgeon and a chaplain in the
