1084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBpE.
March2,
Army. Here is a resolution of Congress acknowl-
edging his great merit and declaring that he should
receive from the Government pay in both capaci-
ties. Was not that a sufficient foundation for
Virginia, in the case of Doctor Griffith to follow
the example of Congress? She did follow it; but
she followed it no further; and in that resolution,
so far as the Government is concerned, it is ex-
pressly declared that it shall not be drawn into
precedent. Virginia did just what Virginia would
do again; she would say of her great men what
Congress would say. She would want to get such
a person into the service, and having gone into it,
and having received this compliment from the
Government, she would say, tfewill pay him the
same compliment in giving him land bounty for
the service; but when you turn to the laws you can
find nothing in them even to warrant that case.
This is the extent of the Griffith precedent.
No law, then, being produced, I inquired next
if the practice of Virginia could be shown to have
been consistent, running through a period of years
which would constitute a custom on her part. I
waived the production of a statute, and sajd, if
you can show that through a series of years, it
was the custom of Virginia to make this double
allowance, that is for lineal and staff rank, I will
take that as the common law of Virginia, and vote
in favor of the claim, as far as I am concerned.
At first, I really thought that point of the case was
made out, and I somewhat regret that it was not.
Now, I come to the case of Drew—and not only
of Drew, but a number of others. Here are the
original papers, furnished by Mr. Segar, and 1
will take them up from 1782 to 1783. Let the
Senator from Virginia look at these cases, and
then answer me if he terms them double allow-
ances. 1 will read them, ranging along according
to their dates, and he will see what they are.
Here is the letter which inclosed to Mr. Segarthe
certificates:
"Virginia Land Office, )
" Richmond, September 21, 1854. $
tl Yfitirs of yesterday was received to-d?«y, and inclosed
I send certificates. It appears horn ihobookson which the
warrants were recorded, that. No 23, issued tor Thomas fl.
Dievv, was lor services of captain of the Continental line,
and warrant 77 for services as captain in the State garri-
son regiment.5'
The Senator brings this up as a case of double
allowance. It was for double time—one was when
he served the State, and th* other when he served
in the Continental line. This is not one of the
cases of double allowances for lineal rank and for
staff rank; but it is for different terms of service.
To make this more manifest let us go on with the
cases:
" Council Chamber, June 10, 1783.
isl do certify that John Watnei, musician, is eniitM to
tho proportion of land allowed a inu'ioian of the Virginia
Commi'titnl lino, who w«s enhMvd lor the vvur, and has
served three >*-ais ending Februaiy,
That in, for three years ending February, 1783,
he received one allowance, and a warrant for two i
hundred acres was issued to him. But, then, it is
also certified that he was entitled to an allowance
for three years service prior to 1780. The first
was for services for three years up to 1783, and
the second for prior to 1780,showing two distinct
terms—from 1777 to 1780, und then from 1780 to
1783. That is not the class of cases that the Com-
missioner rejected. That is not what we are com-
plaining of. This bill is not proposed to remedy
that case. The Commissioner does not complain
of it. That man had two terms of service, and was
properly entitled to two warrants. Take another
case in 1783:
" 1 do certify that Henry Mar-hall is entitled to the pro
potiioit uf laud allowed a hCrgeant of the Vugiuid Conti-
nental line, who was enlisted for the war, and has served
three years ending April, 1782."
Then again:
" I do ceitify lhat Surgeon Henry Marshall is entitled to
the proportion ot land allowed a f-urgeon of the Virginia
Continental line for three years servicc prior to 1779."
One is subsequent, and the other prior to 1779
—two terms again, and the Commissioner issued
scrip for them. This does not constitute a pre-
cedent for what is asked under this bill. He
allows all such cases; and all the person has to do
is to present the scrip, and show, as these papers
do, double terms, and he gets his warrants for
each. Agoin, in 1783:
' ' I do certify that .Sprgpnnt John Williams is entitled to
the proportion of laud allowed a sergeant of tile Virginia
Continential hue, who was enlisted tortile war, and served
three years, ending March 7, 1783."
The next one is for three years service prior to
1780—showing, again, two distinct terms, for
which the warrants were issued. If I had time, I
could go through with these cases that are brought
up as precedents, and which the Senator a moment
ago, seemed to suppose constituted precedents,
and could show thatjthey were for double terms
of service; and, with the exception of the Griffith
case, it was not until a late period, until the time
of Governor Floyd, that this vast class was taken
up, swept clean of all c.ontroversy, and the war-
rants allowed. I do think the Senate*shouId pause
before it enacts what it is proposed it shall enact
by this bill, and deprive the Department of the
Interior, of all ability through the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, to look into the cases.
Having generally, and but very imperfectly,
brought the subject to the notice of the Senate, 1
have said,all that 1 propose to say at present, and
shall leave the matter to others.
Mr. COOPER obtained the floor.
Mr. TOUCEY. If the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania will give way, I will move to postpone the
subject until to-morrow. We have not time to
consider it.
Mr. COOPIiR. If the Senators who have the
control of it desire its postponement, of course I
make no objection; but I think we had better dis-
pose of it now.
Mr. MASON. ! think we can dispose of it in
half an hour. The debate will not be protracted
on our side.
Mr. TOUCEY. If the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania will give way, such is the pressure of the
publtc business that I must submit the motion that
the subject lie upon the table.
Mr. COOPER. I understand that it is the
desire of the Senators from Virginia that a few
moments more should be allowed to this bill; find
I pledge myself to occupy but a very short time.
By the act of 1852, of which this is intended
to be declaratory, the Commissioner of the Land
Office was authorized, on the presentation of war-
rants which had been issued by the Common-
wealth of Virginia to officers and soldiers of the
Revolution, to issue scrip on the surrender of the
old warrants. The necessity of this measure arises
from the fact that a misconstruction of the terms
of that act has been made by the Commissioner
of the Lind Office. The bill which is now pend-
ing proposes to declare what is the meaning and
intent of that act. The only material question
that presents itself is this: Shall the decisions
made by the tribunals of Virginia, who had the
cognizance of these cases, stand, in ail instances
where they are not impeached, as fraudulent, or
where a clear mistake is not shown ill the adju-
dication? That is the simple question. Now, it
can hardly be denied that the courts of the United
States have, generally, if not always, acted on the
principle of being governed, in reference to causes
arising within a particular State, by the adjudica-
tions of the tribunals of those States; and the
Governor and Council of the State of Virginia,
being, by the laws of that State, substituted for
the courts, their decisions being final, would have,
and ought to have, the same force as the decisions
of the courts, and ought to govern in all cases,
unless fraud, or clear and manifest mistake be
shown in the adjudication. That is the simple
question presented; and it needs no elaborate ar-
gument to show that the present bill ought to pass.
This was the opinion of the Commissioner of the
Land Office, as is shown by at least two reports
which he has made. He was of opinion that the
whole thing would be unsettled and confused,
unless the decisions of those tribunals should be
binding upon the Department here, with the ex-
ceptions to which 1 have referred.
Now, sir, in reference to these cases of double
allowance, it is undoubtedly true that Virginia did
allow her officers and soldiers double pay in this
form where they served in two capacities.
Mr. WALKER. I will ask the Senator to pro-
duce one singlecase, except that of David Griffith,
in regard to which Congress passed a resolution in
1776.
Mr. COOPER. There is the case of Drew, to
which the Senator has himself referred, and it is
perfectly in point, notwithstanding the explanation
which the Senator from Wisconsin has given.
They are not in the habit of making the allowance
by piecemeal, but all the terms of service of the
officers and soldiers are added together, both ill
the Pension Office and in the bounty land office,
and the warrants are issued for the whole airiount
to which the officer is entitled. Thiit has been the
rule, as I understand it, in the Department. We
have the certificate of the proper officer of the State
of Virginia, showing that it has been the practise.
I did not know until this morning that that was a
controverted point. Now, sir, was it not compe-
tent for Virginia to establish such a rule as this?
Previously to the time when she donated to the
United States that vast domain which now em-
braces within its limits four or five of the States
of the Union, she made this decision, allowing,
out of the abundance of her public domain, to
those who had served her faithfully in two capa-
cities, double pay for double services. Had she
not a perfect right to do with her own possessions
as she thought proper? and, if she did so, and
Congress authorized scrip to be issued in lieu of
the warrants, which should be presented to the
Department and surrendered Js not the Land Office
or the United States bound, in good faith, to com-
pensate'the officers and soldiers of the State of
Virginia as they should have been compensated,
and as they were compensated under the adjudi-
cations of her own tribunals?
I have promised not to detain the Senate, and I
will only state that Judge Underwood, who, if I
remember rightly, introduced the bill of 1852, has
written a letter stating what his understanding of
it was at-the time; and every one who knew that
gentleman, his conscientiousness and rectitude,
will be assured that this opinion was not made for
the occasion, but really represents his intention at
the time that the measure was introduced into Con-
gress. Sir, in my judgment it is the fair construc-
tion of the act. It was not intended that these
adjudications should be reexamined, unless fraild
or palpable mistake was made evident by the pro-
duction of other testimony. Where the decisions
were regularly made, without fraud, or without
the commission of mistake, who' could have be-
lieved that they would have been reopened for
investigation from the beginning, at a period when
the evidence in most cases upon which they were
formerly established, must, Jn the nature of things,
be lost. The decisions of the tribunals of last
resort of Virginia ought to govern the-officers in
the Land Department here. It is but just that it
should be so, and on that ground I based the con-
clusion to which I came in committee. It is true
my friend from Wisconsin differed with me, and
I do not at all impeach his judgment. It may be
much better than mine, but I have presented the
facts of the case, and I think that is all that ia
necessary to the intelligent members of this body.
With what has been said pro and con., I think they
are prepared for the decision of the case.
Mr. STUART. This subject, as I stated yes-
terday, is one of very great importance. It is one
that it has become my duty to examine at consid-
erable length, and if it is the intention of the Sen-
ate to retain it here and dispose of it at this time,
late as it is in the session, such are my convictions
of its importance and of its impropriety, that I
shall feel myself compelled to go into its discus-
sion at length. But for the purpose of ascertain-
ing the sense of the Senate upon that question,
because I no not desire to consume time at this
stage of the session, 1 move that the bill lie upon
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
message prom the house.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean. Chief Clerk,
announcing that they-had passed the following
bills and joint resolutions:
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Mary Jem-
ison, deceased;
A bill for the relief of JesSe French, of Brain-
tree, Massachusetts;
A bill to continue the pension of Frances E.
Baden;
A joint resolution for the final adjustment of the
account of John D. Colmesnil; and
A joint resolution for the relief of Clark Mills.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secre-
tary, announcing; that he had approved ftnd signed
the following acts and joint resolutions:
An act to confirm the canal selections in the
State of Ohio;
