1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
An act for the relief of the heirs of Brigadier
General Richard B. Mason;
A-n act extending in certain cases the provisions
of the act entitled " an act to extend preemption
rights to certain land therein mentioned, "approved
March 3, 1853;
An act for the relief of Charles W. Carroll;
An act to amend " an act to establish a land
district in the State of Florida, to be called the
district of Tampa;"
An act to settle certain accounts between the
United States and the State of Alabama;
, An act to establish a circuit court of the United
States in and for the State of California;
A joint resolution in relation to the New Orleans,
custom-house;
An act to establish the collection districts of
Cape Perpetua and Port Orford, in the Territory
of Oregon, and to fix the salaries of the officers of
the customs therein; and
An act to prevent mistrials in the district and
circuit courts of the United States in certain cases.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BROWN gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to repeal certain sec-
tions of the neutrality laws.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills, which had been previously
signed by the Speaker of the House:
A bill for the relief of Amos Knapp;
A bill for the relief of Peter Amey, (colored
man;)
A bill for the relief of Henry S. Sanford;
A bill for the relief of Parmelia Slavin, late the
wife of John Blue, deceased;
A bill for the relief of George W. Torrence;
A bill to amend " An act to carry into effect a
treaty between the United States arid Great Brit-
ain, signed on the 5th June, 1834," and approved
August 5, 1854;
A bill for the relief of Mrs. J. Josephine Me-
Clellan;
A bill for the relief of William G. Howison;
A bill for the relief of Anna E. Cook;
A bill authorizing the corporate authorities of
Georgetown to impose additional taxes, and for
other purposes;
A bill for the relief of William G. Preston, late
a captain in the war of the United States with
Mexico;
A bill for the relief of Sarah Morris, only heir
of Robert Mitchell, deceased;
A bill for the benefit of the heirs of Philip R.
Rice, deceased;
A bill for the relief of the children and grand-
children of Thomas Morris; and
A bill for the relief of Charles H. Pointer,
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill from the House for the relief of Jesse
French, of Braintree, Massachusetts, wns read
twice by its title; and referred to the Committeeon
Pensions.
The bill from the House to continue the pension
of Francis E. Baden, was read twice by its title;
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
The bill from the House for the relief of the
heirs of Mary Jemison, deceased, was read twice
by its title; and referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
The bill from the House to establish Columbus,
in the State of Mississippi, Chattanooga, in the
State of Tennessee, and Hickman, in the State of
Kentucky, ports of delivery, was read twice; and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The joint resolution of the House for the final
adjustment of the accounts of John D. Colmes-
mf was read twice by its title; and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
CLARK MILLS.
The joint resolution from the House for the
relief of Clark Mills was read twice by its title.
Mr. PEARCE. I hope it will be put upon its
passage.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
considered the joint resolution. It directs the
President to cau?e $5,000 to be advanced to Clark ;
Mills, on his personal application and receipt, in :
addition to the sum already advanced out of the i
$50,000 appropriated by the act of January 25, j
1853, to erect, at the capital of the nation, an i
equestrian statue of Washington. 1
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the president of the United
States, transmuting a report from the Secretary of
the Treasury, and also one from the Secretary of
the Interior, with accompanying papers, contain-
ing information called for by theresolution adopted
by the Senate on the 30lh ultimo, respecting the
advance of public moneys to the marshal of the
United States for the western district of Arkansas;
which were ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of State, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, correspondence between the United States
and the British Government on the subject of the
existing postal treaty between the two Govern-
ments; which was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
MRS. NANCV WEATHERFORD.
The PRESIDENT. The bill for the relief of
Mrs. Nancy Weatherford, widow of Colonel Wil-
liam Weatherford, of first regiment Illinois volun-
teers in the Mexican war, has been returned from
the House, with amendments.
The amendments were to make the pension
commence from the date of the death of the said
Colonel William Weatherford, instead of "on the
first day of January, 1855," and to make it con-
tinue instead of "so long as she shall remain a
widow," for five years: P/ovided, That she shall
be entitled to the benefits of any general act of
Congress which may hereafter be passed, extend-
ing or continuing the half-pay of widows, as if she
had been placed on the pension roll, under the
provisions of the act entitled "An act amending
the act entitled 'an act granting half-pay to
widows and orphans, when their husbands and
fathers have died of wounds received yi the mili-
tary service of the United States, and in case of
the decease of officers and soldiers of the militia
and volunteers,' passed July 4, 1836, approved
July 121, 1848."
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The Committee on
Pensions have examined the amendments, and
have instructed me to move a concurrence in
them.
The motion was agreed to.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
The PRESIDENT. The bill, in addition to
certain acts granting bounty lands to certain offi-
cers and soldiers who have been engaged in the
military service of the United States, has been
returned from the House with an amendment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This biil, as it passed the
House, was published in the papers yesterday
morning. £ will state the changes which are made,
if it is the pleasure of the Senate, and then they
can have it read or not as they please. It comes
back to us with the section ottered by the Senator
from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] the amendment of
the Senator from California, [Mr. Weller,! in-
creasing the invalid pensions, and the amendment
of the Senator from Wisconsin omitted. That is
the bill as it conies from the House. I therefore
m®ve the concurrence of the Senate in the amend-
ment. I feel bound to say that the Senator from
Louisiana stated he desired a vote upon the ques-
tion respecting the militia from the eastern States.
The motion was agreed to.
GRADUATION BILL.
Mr. STUART. l am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
House bill to amend the act of the 4th of August,
1854, entitled " An act to graduate and reduce the j
price of the public lands to actual settlers and j
cultivators," to report it without amendment, and j
recommend its passage. It contains but a single
provision which authorizes the taking of affidavits J
before another officer instead of the land officer.
I hope it will be considered, and passed.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, con-
sidered the bill. It will construe the act so that
the affidavits required by the third section of that
act may be made before any officer duly author-
ized by law to administer oaths, according to such
forms and pursuant to such regulations as shall
be prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a thW reading. It
was read the third time, and passed.
VIRGINIA MILITARY DISTRICT.
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Public
Lands have also instructed me to report back the
House bill allowing the further time of two yiajra
to those holding lands by entries in the Virginia
military district in Ohto, which were made prior
to the 1st of January, 1852, to have the same sur-
veyed and patented It is simply to correct a
.mistake in another bill, using the word " or " for
" on." It is indispensable in order to carry out
the provisions of the other bill. I ask for its con-
sideration.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill. No amendment being
proposed, the bill was reported to the Senate,,
ordered to a third reading, read the third time, and
JAMES HOLSTIN.
Mr. STUART. I also have a bill for the relief
of James Holstin. It is a very hard case, from
your own State, sir, where a man entered errone-
ously a quarter section which belonged to theState,
expended $300 in improving it, and was then
driven out. The bill proposes to allow him, one
hundred and sixty acres of Government land.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
considered the bill. Holstin made an erroneous
location with military bounty land warrant 8,782,
at the Vincennes land district office, on the 1st of
February, 1848; the bill will authorize him, as a
full satisfaction for his loss, to"enter one hundred
and sixty acres on any public land Bubject to
private entry at the rate of §1 25 an acre.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading. It
was read the third time, and passed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the committee of confer-
ence on the part of the Senate on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill making appro-
priations for the-current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with the various Indian tribes for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1856, reported, that
having met, after full and free conference, they had
agreed to recommend to their respective Houses
as follows:
That the Senate recede from their forty-eiahth and fifty—
secor.il amendments, disagreed to by the House, which
were as follows :
, " Sr:c. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury Department be, and thry
are hen by, authorized to allow the paymasters of the
United States Army, who served as such in Mexico during
the war with that Republic, commissions of one and a half
per cent, on all moneys collected and received., end paid
over by them into the Treasury of the United State.*, arising
from duties on imports, an0 from internal assessments and
taxes in Mexico during that war: Provided, That no com-
missions thai! be aliowtd on any such sums of money so
collccted or received on winch commissions have hereto-
fore been allowed to any other collector orreceiver, or other
officer of the United Slates.
u Sec. 12. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and
after the passage of thi* set, the salary of the central super-
intendent of Indian affairs fur the central superintendeney
shall be $2,500 per annum, and for that purpose the sum
of $.">0U i* hereby appropriated in addition to the existing
applanation."
That, as a substitute for the fiftieth amendment, as fol-
lows :
" Sec. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of War be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay
to Jean Baptist Faribault,"and Pclagie Faribault, his wife,
the sum of C00, with interest thereupon from the 12tU
of March, lfe39, in full payment of their claim to the island
at the confluence of the rivers Missi-siopv and St. Pierre,
and on wluch Fort "Snelimg now stands'"'—
the Flouse agree to the following :
us?i:€. 10. Jlnd be it furihrr enacted, That the sum of
£12,000 is hereby appropriated to enable the Secretary of
War to execute the contract entered into by Joel R. Poinsett,
late Si cK't.iry of war, on the 12th day of March, 1809, wnh
Jean P . Faribault and Pelagic, his wife, pursuant 'O aj.nnt
resolution of Congress, approved the 13di of Febiuaiy,
188): Previ</ed,Thatthe Secretary of War shah be sanVfi'd
wnh the validity of their tub; to the lands mentioned in said
contract, and that the conveyance to the United States be
made sufficient to pass the said title."
That the House agree to the 51st amendment of the Sen-
ate, as follow?:
"Sec. 11. Jlnd be it further enacted, That Tnd«an r genN
and sub-agents bo, and they are herein, authonz- d to take
acknowledgments of deeds, wills, and other msttunu tits of
writing, ami tliat aeknowb dgin' lit-, t-o taken t-hoi! Imvo the
same <fF ct as if taken befoie a jusiiee of tin* pence.'''
With amendments to strike out the words '*aud >ub-
agents;" after the word ''deeds" strike out the word
" wills;" and after the word writing" insert and to ad-
minister oaths in investigations committed to them m the
