1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1087
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, I believe the
question now pending is the motion of the Sena-
tor from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate last night rejected the
proposition of the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Clayton.] I desire, before that question is taken,
to submit some further remarks to the Senate on
the subject of the reduction of duties proposed by
the fourth, fifih, and sixth sections of the bill, and
especially as to the time, place, and manner of
effecting such reduction
Yesterday, in the course of the debate, the jun-
ior Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
declared that he listened to a number of "Bun-
combe" speeches, made without reference to the
question before the Senate; and the only inference
to be deduced from his remarks was, that the
speeches to which he had listened were intended
to subserve the private political interests of the
Senators who made ttiem. 1 was somewhat sur- '
prised to hear such a remark from the Senator from
Massachusetts, inasmuch as i did not remember
that any speeches of that kind had been made.
As far as my memory serves me, all the remarks
made yesterday by the various Senators who took
part in the debate were certainly as pertinent to
the question as remarks generally are in this body.
That Senator informed us that the day for pro-
tection had gone by, and the era of free trade had
been ushered in. And yet but a day or two ago
the same Senator, it seemed to me, was as anxious
for protection for the peculiar interests of Massa-
chusetts, and of some other of the northern and
eastern States, as any of his predecessors had ever
been; for it does not matter whether protection
comes in the form of duties assessed on particular
articles, or by the reduction of duties on other
articles which enter into the fabrics, used by the
people of those sections of the country in their
manufacturing establishments. Why was it the
Senator told us a few days ago that he was for
free coal, free iron, free wool, free sugar, and free
logwood, if it was not for the purpose of protecting
the manufacturers of his own section of the country
against the competition which they now encounter
from abroad ? Was it not to minister to the ad-
vantage of his own constituents, and of the partic-
ular classes engaged in the production of certain
fabrics, that he desired the raw materia! to be
admitted free ? Sir, it was a bounty he was asking
for the benefit of his own constituents; and it is no
more than that which is asked for by those who
coincide with me in opinion upon this floor. We
ask for a certain amount of duty upon iron, coal,
and other articles, in order to prevent the prostra-
tion of those engaged in producing them; but we
do not confine ourselves to these, nor desire to
strike a blow at any particularinterest; on the con-
trary, we wish that all the objects which need pro-
tection should have it. it is for this reason that
we resist the passageof the bill now pending before
this body. Exclusive as the representatives of
Pennsylvania are represented to be, they have never
sought protection for their own staples at the ex-
pense of those of other sections of the country.
While, they desire prosperity for their own con-
stituents, they are willing to accord it to the con-
stituents of all others.
Mr. President, I said I was surprised that such
a remark shou'd have been made by a Senator
from New England, and especially from Massa-
chusetts; and I was still further surprised to see
one of the representatives of that old Common-
wealth parting, withouteven a shake of the hands,
with those besides whom his noble .and distin-
guished predecessors had stood shoulder to shoul-
der m alf previous conflicts of this kind. Sir,
amongst the first names that were familar to my
ears were those of Concord, and Lexington, and
Bunker Hill; and it was not long until these places
became associated, in my mind, with the names
of the illustrious men, whose teachings were vin-
dicated upon them, and made them remarkable, if
not immortal. Their patiiotism and devotion to
the interests of their country, rendered the names
of the Adamses, and Haneocks, and Warrens,
dear to the friends of freedom everywhere. Their
efforts were not limited to Massachusetts; they
embraced the whole country, and all its people
and all their interests. At a later day, in another
struggle to render the country independent of
other nations in its commercial and manufactur-
ing industry, Massachusetts again took the lead,
and her sons stood prominently forward as the
| vindicators of the policy of protection—of that
i policy which her present representatives repudiate
I m words, whilst they cling to it in substance as far
as the interests of their own Slate are concerned.
The Adamses, and Websters, and Hud&ons, the
great advocates of protection, were statesmen in
the estimation of all. They could see beyond the
limits of their own State, and were just enough
to legislate for the welfare of others as well as
their own. Whilst they asked that the interests
of their own States should be protected against a
competition that was destructive to them, they
were willing to see the interests of others properly
secured. The difference between them and the
present representatives of Massachusetts seems to
be, that whilst the former looked abroad from the
top of Bunker Hill, and surveyed the interests of
the whole country, her present representatives
stand at its base, where they can see but a part of
their own. How far this is to result in misfor-
tune to the country time alone can tell.
Mr. President, I-am sorry that Massachusetts
has found it to be her interest to separate herself
from Pennsylvania on this subject, and the time
may come when she will regret it. Let me, sir,
tell her Senators that her interests are no more
secure against combinations than ours; and that,
when they come to be assailed, they will find quite
as little sympathy in the quartersfrom which they
expect it as we find now. it is in vain, sir, that
the Senators from Massachusetts should attempt,
by repudiating the doctrines of their predecessors
on this subject, to secure either the forbearance or
countenance of their present allies, in relation to
their declared views upon another subject. They
will find tbur a pretended cooperation in securing
free trade will not irnluce these allies to look with
complacency upon any effort of theirs which may
have a tendency to make free negroes. But, Mr.
President, I should have far less objection to this
measure in another place and on another occasion
than I have to it where it is. It is to the perni-
cious principle of legislating upon such a subject
as this in an appropriation bill, that I object most
strongly. By pursuing this course each individ-
ual interest which, by itself, can command but a
small support, is placed at the mercy of a combi-
nation of other interests; and that these interests
will form such combinations, is as certain as that
the sun is shining above us.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, it is very obvious
that this discussion will consume much, and per-
haps the whole time of the Senate. I rise now to
ask the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, if
he is disposed to tell me, whether it is probable
that the discussion will continue during the re-
mainder of the day and night ?
Mr. COOPER. I will answer frankly that the
opponents of this measure conceive it to be their
duty to make every effort to defeat it; and to con-
tinue that effort so long as it will be calculated to
promote the end which they have in view. I would
consider myself wanting in frankness if 1 did not
declare my purpose to chfeat the bill at any cost.
Mr. BhiLL. I merely desire to state that, if
this debate goes on, I shall feel it to be my duty
to ask the attention of the Senate for a short time
at least. If, however, the debate is abandoned,
and the measure is dropped by us fiiends, I shall
not propose to say one word. I have not be^n
able for two or three days to say anything in the
Senate; in fact, I am hardly able to be present;
but I cannot allow this provision to be retained in
the bill without expressing my views.
Mr. CASS. Under the circumstances, 1 wish
to suggest to the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, whether it is worth while to
push this discussion further. I believe, for my-
self, that the tariff should be reduced. I believe
the revenue of the country is too great, and I am
prepared, on the proper occasion, to vote for a
reduction of the tariff; but I submit to the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Finance,
whether it is not better now to let this matter go
by. I am opposed myself to the conjunction of
such measures, i have expressed that sentiment
often,and I cannot helpsaying that I do notthink
a measure of this kind should be put upon the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill. Such a
course is wrong in everyway. There are certain
considerations that must now be obvious to u«?,
which', it seems to me, make it most unpropitious
for the future, to set this example. If we shall
come to a vote, I shall vote, therefore, against
putting this measure on the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, though, ! repeat, I am in favor
of a reduction of the tariff. Under the circum-
stances presented to us, 1 submit to the honorable
member from Virginia at the head of the Com-
mittee on Finance, whether it is not better to
abandon the project, or rather, to abandon this
union of the measures.
Mr. BRODHEAD obtained the floor, but
yielded to
* Mr. WELLER. I voted last night against
striking this provision from ihe bill, and I did so
solely for the reason that the House of Repre-
sentatives alone have the constitutional power to
originate revenue bills; and that we have no right
to prescribe the manner in which they shall per-
form that duty. They have seen proper to do It
by adding such a bill to the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill—a very inappropriate place in-
deed. It was with great reluctance last night that
I did not join the Senators from Pennsylvania in
voting to strikeout this portion of the bill. Now,
I am satisfied, from the course this debate has
taken, that it will be utterly impossible to pass the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill if this pro-
vision be retained. I have, therefore, come to the
conclusion that, under the circumstances, I am not
justified in voting for a reduction of the tariff here
and now, though I am satisfied that the public in-
terests demand such a reduction.
Like the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,}
I consider all taxation a burden on the people,
and you are only justifiable in imposing such bur-
dens when they are absolutely necessary to defray
the expenditures of the Government; but thi3
measure ought not to have been brought up at the
ia^t stage of the session. A measure which affects
all the interests of the country, the agricultural,
commercial, and manufacturing interests of every
section of the Republic, is thrown in upon us at
the last days of the session, when no opportunity
can be given for the necessary investigation. If
the Senator from Pennsylvania will allow the vote
to be taken, I have very little doubt that we shall
agree to the motion to reconsider, arid then strike
this provision from the bill. I appeal to my friend
from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] who haschargeof
the bill, and who has no other object in view than
to discharge the public duty imposed upon him*
to agree to the withdrawal or striking out of thia
provision, for, in my judgment, if it be retained,
the bill must inevitably be lost.
Mr. COOPER. I shall certainly feel myself
called upon, at the suggestion of my friend from
California, to stop short here, and permit the vote
to be taken.
Mr. STUART. I had intended, if this meas-
ure were pressed, to occupy perhaps ten minutes
in the discussion of it; but £ shall not do so now.
1 only rise to make a statement as to what I con-
sider to have been last evening, and perhaps again
to-day, a slight misconception on the part of some
gentlemen, in relation to the right of the House
of Representatives. The House of Represent-
atives have a right to originate all revenue bills,
but they are as much bound by the rules of their
House, as to the manner of originating them, aa
they ore bound by the Constitution itself. The
Constitution expressly provides that each House
shall u determine ths rules of its proceedings;"
and when those rules are made under the Consti-
tution, they are as binding as the laws of the land;
and, so long as they remain unrepealed, as bind-
ing as the Constitution itself. r?ow, sir, it la
known that the rules of the H<©use of Represent-
atives, as administered there, were set aside by a
majority, in order to put this provision on the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill. That argument,
therefore, does not weigh with me at all. This is
all I desire to say on the question,
Mr. JAMES. I have no wish to detain I he
Senate; and 1 rise merely to say, that, if this de-
bate goes on, I shall feel myself constrained to
enter into the subject at length. 1 am m favor of
a modification of the tariff laws, and I had hoped
to see a modification of them made during this?
session; but this is not the time, nor is this bill
the place, to do that,
Mr SHIELDS. I should vote in favor of the
motion to strike out, but for the fact that I have
paired off with the honorable Senator from Texas,
[Mr. Rusk,] who has been called away from the
Senate Chamber.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I should
