1088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
certainly vote in the affirmative, if I were at lib-
erty to do so; but, to accommodate my friend
from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] I have paired off
with him on this motion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the motion to reconsider, resulted—yeas 25, nays
19; as follows:
YEA"—Messrs. Alien, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin,
Brainord, Bright, Brorihead, Oass, Clayton, Cooper, Fes-
senden,Foot.Geyer, Houston, Jame.*, Jones ofTennessee,
Pearce, Pettlt, Pratt, Seward, Stuart, Thomson of New
Jersey j Weiler, and Wright—25.. *
NAY3—Messrs. Adams, Butler, Chase, Clay, Dawson,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Gillette, Hunter,
Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Mus>on, Morton, Slidell, Sumner,
Toombs, Welts, and Wilson—19.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question recurs on
the motion of the Senator from Delaware to strike
out from the fourth to the eighth sections of the
bill inclusive.
Mr. DAWSON. Ishallsoon leave the Senate,
and I desire, before I go, to place upon record a
few observations on this subject. When I came
here, at the present Congress, I found the Execu-
tive department of the Government anxious for
the reduction of the tariff. That desire was com-
municated to us. I had thought the party in
power was for that reduction. Now a bill has
been passed by the House of Representatives,
presenting that solitary question. It may possibly
be attended, as some gentlemen suppose, with
embarrassmentj^but it provides for reducing the
tariff on a nearly horizontal scale twenty per cent.,
founded on the idea as expressed by the Execu-
tive department, and known to the country, that
the revenue which is going into the Treasury is
largely above the wants of the Government.
When that question was presented to me, I came
to the conclusion, as a representative of the people
who had to pay these taxes, that it was my duty
to comply with the request of the Executive, that
so much money should not go into the Treasury,
but be left m the pockets of the people. I then
determined to vote for this bill. It was passed in
the House of Representatives by a majority, 1
think, of more than forty. It has been in this
body fully discussed and sustained by the ma-
jority. Now the question is, whether we shall
knock out all that we have done, and leave this
superabundance of money still to continue to go
into the Treasury. For one, I shall vote against
the motion to strike out; and desiring not to delay
the Senate in the transaction of other business, I
shall say no more upon the subject. I have voted
upon it as a question merely of redaction, founded
upon the declaration of the Executive, that eo
much money as is now received is not wanted.
In compliance with that assertion 1 vote to reduce
the tariff for the benefit of the country.
Mr TOOMBS called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 24, nays 21; us follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin,
Bramerd, Bright, Brodhead, Clajton, Cooper, Fessenden,
Foot, Gcyer, Houston, Jame*, Jones of Tennessee, Pearce,
Petm, Pratt, Seward, Stuart, Wade, Weller, and Wright
—24.
NAYR—Messrs. Adams, Butler, Chase, Clay, Dawson,
Evans, Fr.zp<iuick, Gillette, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Mai
lory, Mason, Morton, Sebastian, Slidell, Sumner,Toombs,
Toucey, Walkir, Well*, arid Wilson—21.
So the motion to strike oat was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. An amendment having been
made, I shall now proceed to offer the amendments
of the Committee on Finance. The first is, to in-
crease the appropriation for the compensation of
the librarian, three assistant librarians, and mes-
senger, m the library of Congress, from $7,500
to $9,000
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next amendment is to
insert, after the appropriations for the printing of
Congress, the following:
Provided, That the printed s^heet* for the finer descrip-
tions of hooks authorized by either House of Congre?-s, shall
be dry-pressed before being bound, whenever, in the opin-
ion ol the Joint Committee on Punting, it isdeemed neces-
sary, the co^t thereof not to exceed the &um of fifty cents
per cean), medium
Thatamendment explain.? itself. It is to require
the dryii gof the printed sheets before they are
bound, and thus add to the value and permanency
of the documents.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next ia to strike out,
after the appropriation for the expenses incurred
by Dr. John Evans in geological explorations in
Oregon and Washington, the following words:
" And the Department of the Interior is hereby authorized
to have the report of Dr. Evans published by the printer of
the House, the expense to be paid out of any money m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
We propose to strike out the proviso, leaving
this matter withthe Department, as heretofore.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next is to insert, after
the appropriation for repairs of the General Post
Office Building, the following:
Forthe renewal of the furnaces in the General PostOffice
Building, and for repairing mantels and tire places therein,
$2,000.
That is according to estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. Our next amendment is to
strike out the following proviso, which has been
added by the House to the appropriation for paper
and printing for the Executive Departments:
"Provided, All blank books, binding and rulingthe same,
for the several Executive departments herein appropriated
for, shall be furnished under the direction and supervision
of the Superintendent of the Public Printing."
This is a proviso which puts the Departments
under the control of the Superintendent, which
seemed to the committee not to be proper. We
therefore move to strike it out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next amendment is to
insert, after the appropriations for the Territory of
Utah:
Forthe construction of a Warden's house, and outer
yard, and twelve cells and fixtures, for the Penitentiary in
the Territory of Utah, $13,000.
This is according to estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. Oar next amendment is to
insert, among the appropriations fgr the light-house
establishment:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to replace the
lo^t light vessel to mark the dangerous New South shoals
otFNantucket, Massachusetts, $30,000.
This is in pursuance of an earnest recommend-
ation of the Secretary of the Treasury that a light
vessel should be placed there, instead of one which
has been lost.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next is to insert, at the
end of the appropriations for custom-houses, the
following:
For the completion of the custom-bouse at Mobile, with
granite facing, in place of brick, $95,000,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next is to insert, at the
end of the appropriations for intercourse with
foreign nations:
For compensation of a consul-general to reside at Samodi,
in Japan, at the rate of $5,000 per annum, £;3,750.
This is in pursuance of treaty stipulations.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next is to insert, at the
end of theappropriations for surveys in the Terri-
tories:
For surveying the base principal meridian, correction
parallels, townships, and section lines, m the Territory of
Utah, at augmented rates, $50,000.
This is in pursuance of estimate.
The amendment was agreed.
Mr. HUNTER. The next is to add the words
"under the direction and approval of the Pres-
i ident of the United States," to the clause provid-
' ing for the removing the present dome over the
Capitol, and the construction of a new one upon
the plan of Mr. Walter.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next is to insert, after the
appropriation for the repairs of Pennsylvania
avenue:
For footway on north front of th<* President's hou=e, in
lieu of the brick pavement now much broken, and con-
taining seventeen thousand one hundred and seventy-six
square feet, at twenty eight cents per loot. $4,809 23."
For finis-lung the brick pavement on the south limit of
| Lafayette square, ,$1,100.
1 For making a culvert, and improving Judiciary square,
$5 000.
Fi-r repannig and extending the culvert rutininc from the
l Capitol grounds down the center of south Capitol street
toward* the canal, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance
propose to insert, after the enacting clause of the
second section, which proposes to appropriate for
deficiencies for the present year:
For additional to the appropriations by the act of 4th
August, 1854, for the contingent expenses of the Senate,
to wit:
For binding, $30,000.
For lithographing and engraving. $25,000.-
For the House of Representatives, to wit:
Then go on the appropriations in this section
forfurnishing the Congressional Globe to membera
of the House, and for binding the Globe, and
reporting their debates.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next is to insert, in the
same section:
To enable the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to pay the
amount due George R. Ilerrick for arrears of pay for ser-
vices from Ht April, 1846, to the 18th July, 1849, in the
business of reservations and grants under Indian treaties,
and provided tor one clerk at $1,400 per annum by the act
of 9th M.iy, 1836, entitled " An%ct to provide -for the sal-
aries of certain officers therein named, and for other pur-
poses, " $1,109 79.
For payrnen t of clerks temporarily employed in the office
of the Postmaster General from 1st to 10th August,
1854, $387 38.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next is to insert, after
the amendment just adopted:
For amount equal to drafts, checks, and deposits, awaiting
decision in certain applications for the approval of sales of
Indian reserves, including $800 collected by, and deposited
with, the late firm of Selden, Withers & Co., by a former
disbursing officer of the Government, $4,400: Provided,
Such portion of thrs sum as may be recovered from said
firm and disbursing officer shall be reimbursed to theTreas-
ury of the United Stattes.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next is to insert the
words " subject to the approval of the Secretary
of the Interior," after the words " accounting
officers," in the following clause:
For contingent expenses of the Territory of Utah,
$1,168 37, to discharge such sums as the accounting offi-
cers may deem to have been necessarily expended by the
Executive of said Territory during the yeara 1852, 1853, and
lb54.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next amendment is in
the same section, after the provision for'deficiejicies
for the support of the Army, to insert:
For allowances for fuel, quarters, and transportation, and
for per diem to officers, under the special direction of the
War Department, for which there is no appropriation
available during the fiscal year ending the 30th of June.
1855, $5,563 12.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. HUNTER. The next is in the same sec-
tion, after the appropriation for deficiencies for the
Mint at Philadelphia, to insert:
For increased compensation of the chief clerk at the
branch Mint at New Orleans, by the thirteenth section of
the act of August 4,1854, $400.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next is to increase the
appropriation for expenses of complying with the
resolution of the House of Representatives of De-
cember 26, 1854, from $3,000 to $5,GOO. This ia
in pursuance of estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, HUNTER. The next is in the same sec-
tion, under the heading " miscellaneous," to insert:
For fuel for President's house, $1,000.
For furnace keeper at the President's house, $355.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next is to insert, after
the amendment just adopted:
To enable the Secretary of State to reimburse to Edward
Rtdcile, such sums a« shall be satisfactorily shown to have
b c-n expended by him, or whteh susd Riddle may have ob-
ligated himself to pay, on account of his official capacity at
the lodu-tiial Exhibition at London, England, or so much
as ?had be necessary, §Q6,0l>0 : Provide >, That no portion
of the payments made pro rata by contributors at said ex-
hibition shall be regarded as within this appropriation.
I will say, in regard to this, that it is an amend-
ment which was put on the bill by the Senate last
year, and was stricken out by the committee of
conference. I opposed it then; but it has been
renewed by the Committee on Finance, and as the
opinion of the Senate has been expressed upon it,
I do not think it necessary to make any Anther
opposition
Mr. BRODHEAD. This is the game appropri-
ation which the Houseof Representatives rejected
at the last session. The Senator from Virginia
admits that it ia not right, and it is not right. The
