W90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Sec.—. Jindbe it further enacted. That the Secretary
of the Treasury shall be allowed, in Jieu of the clerks now
authorized to be temporarily employed in the office of the
Secretary of the Treasury, one clerk of class two; in the
First Comptroller's office, one of class two and one of class
three; in the First Auditor's office, two of class two, and
one of class three; in the Third Auditor's office, twenty
of class two and one of class four ; in the Filth Auditor's
office, six of class one and one of class two. And also the
Secretary of War shall be, and is hereby, directed, to dis-
continue one clerk in his office of class two, and be allowed
iu iieu thereof one of class four; in the Adjutant General's
office, one of class one; and m the office of Topographical
Engineers, as draughtsman, one of class four.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next is:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the provisions
contained in the second section of the act entitled (( An act
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of Government," approved the 17th day of June, 1844, be
required to be carried into effect in all particulars, any act
in conflict therewith being hereby repealed. And all esti-
mates for the compensation of the officers of Government
authorized by law to be employed, shall be based upon the
express provisions of law, and not upon the authority of the
Executive distribution thereof, and the act and section au-
thorizing the same, with the volume and page whero such
authority may be found, &hall be cued in each and all esti-
mates respectively.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I move, by'direction of the
Committee on Finance, to increase the appropria-
tion for the compensation of the Superintendent
of Public Printing, and the clerks and messengers
in his office, from $9,598 to 111,517, and to add,
after the appropriation:
And the Superintendent, and the clerks and messenger
in las office; and the Ubranun, and assistant librarian, and
messenger in the library of Congress, sliall be entitled to,
and shall receive, the benefits ot the joint resolution ap-
proved July 20, 1S54, fixing the compensation of the legis-
lative employees of the Government, in the same manner,
and to the same extent, as officers of the same grade in the
legislative department.
Mr. GWIN. I move to amend the amendment
by inserting, before the words " shall be," the
following:
And such of the clerks in the Executive departments of
the Government at Washington, as are not included in the
act making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of Government lor the year ending the yoth of June,
1854, and for other purposes.
Mr. HUNTER. I am inclined to think that
the amendment offered by the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, if it be as it would perhaps seem to be, a
legitimate consequence of the other, is an argu-
ment against the whole. I believe the Committee
on Finance went too far, because these officers
are not officers in the legislative department, and
I do not well see how, if we give them the twenty
per centum, we can avoid giving it to others. Upon
a deliberate vote it was determined by the Senate,
when fixing the compensation under the bill of
the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Adams,] that
they would not make an addition of twenty per
centum to the higher salaries. The effect of our
legislation in regard to the clerks employed m this
Capitol, to whom we give so much more than ia
allowed to the clerks 111 the Departments, is to
dissatisfy the latter with their position. Although
they receive, as I think, very ample compensation
for their services, yet as they do not receive the
allowances which are given to those who are em-
ployed here, it has the effect to make them think
they are dealt with unequally and unjustly. We
have heretofore drawn this distinction that we
would compensate the officers of the two Houses
upon one scale, while we have dealt with a more
equal hand in regard to those of the Executive
departments; but if we take this first step and
assimilate the office of the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing, which is an Executive office, with the
clerks of the two Houses, we shall have to go on,
and I do not know how much money it will cost
us, because some officers of the two Houses have
very high salaries. I believe there is a messenger
here who receives §1,720 a year.
Mr. BUTLER. A messenger ?
Mr. HUNTER. One of the clerks who came
to see me in relation to this matter, and complained
of the injustice done to those employed in the
Executive departments, stated to me that one of
the messengers of the House of Representatives
received something like $1,700. Now, we ought
to draw thelinesomewhere; and,although I should
be very willing to see the clerks of the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing put upon a par with the
others, if it was clear they belonged to the Legis-
lativeond not the Executive department, I am afraid
of the precedent, and shall vote against the whole.
Mr. MASON. I entirely agree with my col-
league in the view which he has taken of this sys-
tem of compensation. At the last session, under
the instruction of the Seijate, 1 brought in a report
fixing the compensation of all the employees of
the Senate, from the Secretary and the Sergeant-
at-Arms down, embracing all the officers. I am
free to say that we agreed to pay them, I think,
upon a scale of very remunerative and liberal com-
pensation. It was the policy to separate the officers
of the Senate, at least, frors the general employees
of the Government. The Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing is not an officer of the Senate; but he
is an officer of the two Houses, and his clerks
stand on the same footing with himself. If we
make this precedent, I am afraid we shall cause dis-
satisfaction, and let in constant changes in the com-
pensation. We know the tendency of the Senate,
as the tendency of nil bodies, forming a sort of
common family, is to lapse into a species of nepot-
ism and favoritism to those around us. I trust the
amendments will not be adopted.
Mr. FITZPATIUCK. As a member of the
Committee on Printing, I have investigated this
matter, and I must dissent from the view of the
honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Hun-
ter,] who says that the Superintendent of Public
Printing belongs to the Executive departments.
He is an officer appointed under a law of Con-
gress. It is true he was appointed by the Presi-
dent of the United States, but, except in that par-
ticular, he is altogether disconnected from the
Executive, and is amenable to Congress alone.
The Senator from Virginia, who last spoke, [Mr.
Mason,] says, I think correctly, that he is an
officer of the two Houses. From my position as
a member of the Committee on Printing, I am
brought into very close association with that offi-
cer, and my opinion is, that he is not only an offi-
cer of this body, but of the House of Represent-
atives, and should have been embraced in the joint
resolution, passed at the last session, giving twenty
per cent additional compensation to the officers of
the legislative branch of the Government.
There is a marked distinction between the
Superintendent of Printing and his clerks, who
are under the entire control of Congress, and the
officers spoken of in the amendment of the Sena-
tor from California, who are not at all connected
with Congress. What duties does the Superin-
tendent of Printing perform connected with the
executive departments? He is here; he is under
the control of the Committees on Printing of both
Houses. The class of clerks embraced in the
amendment of the Senator from California are
not in that position at all. They belong entirely
to the executive departments,
I think the Secretary of the Treasury, in ruling
that the Superintendent of Printing and his clerks
did not belong to the legislative department, in
my opinion, did those officers injustice, and there-
by deprived them of the twenty percent, to which,
1 think, they were entitled. Of course I do not
mean to impugn the Secretary's motives, because
I am satisfied that he acted conscientiously; but,
in my opinion, it is clear that the Superintendent
of Printing is a legislative, and riot an executive
officer. Though he is appointed by the President,
he is, in fact, an officer of the two Houses, sub-
ject to the printing committees of both branches
of Congress. I risk nothing in saying that it was
the deliberate conviction of the committee that he
belonged to the legislative department, and ought
to receive the twenty per cent, additional.
I hope the Senator from California will not press
his amendment, but that the amendment of the
Committee on Finance, which simply declares that
the Superintendent is embraced in the joint resolu-
tion of last year, will receive the sanction of the
Senate. The office is a very laborious one. I
can bear testimony to the fact that the duties are
very onerous, and every member of the commit-
tee, I think, will bear testimony that he is as em-
inently entitled to increased compensation, as any
officer embraced in the joint resolution of last year.
Mr. HUNTER. I was not aware, when I
made the objection, that there had been a decision
by the Treasury Department that these officers
belonged to the executive branch of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. That is the fact.
Mr. FESSElN'DEN. I will state to the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia, that it was origin-
ally properly decided that the Superintendent of
Printing and his clerks belonged to the legislative
department; but last summer a new decision was
made. According to these conflicting decisions,
they do not belong to either the executive or the
legislative departments, and have thus been de-
prived of the increased compensation allowed to
each class. The amendment of the committee ia
necessary in order to decide where they do belong,
and to pay them accordingly.
Mr. HUNTER. That being the case, I shall
vote against the amendment of the Senator from
California, and I shall not object to the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. GWIN. I am in favor of the original
amendment as reported by the Committee on
Finance, and I should like to pass it in exactly
the forn§ in which it is presented; but I think
the amendment which I have proposed includes a
class of cases equally as meritorious as any of the
legislative employees of the Government. My
proposition includes the higher clerks of the De-
partments, who do more labor, in my opinion,
han any other set of clerks in the employment of
the Government. They were excluded under the
former law increasing the salaries of the clerks.
I think there is no more meritorious class of offi-
cers in the employment of the Government. I
do not offer it for the purpose of embarrassing the
amendment of the committee, because I am in
favor of both; but I cannot offer mine in order
except as an amendment to that of the committee.
I hope the members of the Senate who have trans-
acted business with the Bureaus and the Depart-
ments, and with their chief clerks and principal
clerks, and who have seen the labors which they
have to perform, will stand by me in the adoption
of this amendment.
Mr. TOUCEY. As I understand this question,
it was in the first place decided that the Superin-
tendent of the Public Printing did not belong to
the officers of the executive department, and was
not entitled to the allowance which was made to
those officers. Afterwards there was a provision
making an allowance of twenty per centum to the
employees of the legislative department-of the
Government; and now it has been decided that
the Superintendent of Public Printing and his
clerks do not belong to the legislative department.
Thus, it is decided that they belong nowhere.
Now, sir, I entertain a very clear opinion upon
the law that these officers are employees of the
legislative department of the Government. They
perform duties connected with the two Houses of
Congress, almost exclusively; they are under the
control of the committees and the presiding officers
of the two Houses in the discharge of their duties,
and I think that, clearly, under the law, they
should be entitled to the twenty per centum in-
crease. It is a matter of justice in itself that the
allowance should be made.
Mr. MORTON. 1 wish to suggest to my
friend from California the propriety of withdraw-
ing his amendment for the present. There can be
no question as to the propriety of voting twenty
per cent, to the Superintendent of Public Printing
and his clerks. The amendment, of the Senator
from California may embarrass the provision re-
ported from the Committee on Finance. I am
clearly in favor of the committee's proposition,
and I am not prepared to vote against the amend-
ment of the Senator from California; but I think
insisting upon it may put in jeopardy the amount
which no Senator questions should be voted to the
clerks of the Superintendent of Public Printing.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I trust my honorable
friend from California will not embarrass this
proposition with his. If I find his to be one of
merit, I shall vote for it afterwards.
Mr. GWIN. After the appeals of my friends
I withdraw my amendment, but J give notice that
I will renew it when the bill shall be reported to
the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I offer now the last amend-
ment which I have prepared, but I give notice that
I shall have to come in with amendments here-
after, to make this bill conform to the diplomatic
and consular bill which has been lately passed.
As soon as I can get them ready, 1 shall offer
them. The amendment 1 now present is to add
the following additional sections;
Sec.—. rfni be it further enacted, That a tract of !en
acres of the land heretofore purchased of the United States
for the purposes of the naval hospital at Chelsea, Massa-
