1093
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
March 2,
filarsb to assure the Sultan, that if Kossuth and his com-
panions were allowed to depart from the dominions of hig
Imperial Majesty, at the expiration of the year commencing
in May, I80U, for which period he had promised the Aus-
trian Government to detain them, that they would find con-
veyance to the United States in its national vessels, then
in me Mediterranean sea. In September of the same year,
Kossuth, and so many of his companions as could con-
veniently be received on board the United States Bteamship
Mississippi, embarked for the United States.
The original number of the refugees was much diminished
during their stay in Turkey; a large number escaped through
the connivance of the Turkish authorities, made their way,
by means of passports, or official certificates given by the
United States agents, to different ports of Europe, and even
to the United States j some returned to Hungary; others
wandered into the interior, and many arrived in Constanti-
nople, where they remained in a state of great destitution
until «pportumties occurred for departure; their necessities
compelled the legation and the consulate of the United
States, (the latter then, and for a considerable time previous-
ly, in charge of the memorialist,) to contribute, as U is al-
leged by both, to their relief, to an extent which, as statcdjby
Mr. Marsh,ii was a serious embarrassment to him; he was
aware that he could not lawfully claim any allowance for
this expenditure in his account with the contingent fund,
but the action of the Government, and the expression of
public sympathy in America, had put him in a position
which absolutely compelled him to go much beyond his
means in supplying the wants of these suffering outcasts."
These considerations, doubtless, influenced my predeees-
gor,Mr. Everett, in the settlement ot Mr. Marsh's accounts,
10 all w an item of $433 20 « for passports and relief given
to Hungarian and Italian political refugees."
In a letter of November 27,165-2, Mr. Everett instructed
the Fifth Auditor, in adjusting Mr. Marsh's accounts, as
fellows:
" With reference to the various items enumerated in the
second paragraph of your communication, under the mis-
cellaneous head, I have to remark that they appear to have
been proper expenditures. That for the relief of the Hun-
garian and Italian political refugees appears to have been
made by the Minister in view of the course adopted by this
Government for their liberation, and the smaller ones are
•ueh as it is unavoidable to incur, when we take into con-
sideration the customs of the East. They may, therefore,
all be allowed in the settlement of Mr. Marsh's accounts."
In June, 1853, a payment of $1,648 06 was made to th«
memorialist on account of expenses alleged to have been
incurred by him " for the relief of refugees possessed with
American passports from the year 1849 to 1851." Two
items m the account, amounting to $819 f>5, were suspended
until the rendition of vouchers ; it is for this sum that the
memorialist now makes application to Congress.
For more full information on the subject of Hungarian
refugees, reference may be had to Senate Executive Docu-
ments No. 43, parts first and second, Thirty-First Congress,
first session, March, 1851; also, Senate Executive Docu-
ment No. 2, special session, and Executive Document No.
78, of House of Representatives, Thirty Secend Congress,
first session; also, the extracts from Mr. Marsh's letter
herewith inclosed, explaining his expenditures under this
head-
In respect to the second claim ef $635, for " balance of
contingent expenses of the consulate of Constantineple un-
der his charge during ihe years 1819,-'50,-'51, and '52," I
have to state that this amount was claimed by the memor-
ialist in a communication. No. 97, addressed to the Depart-
ment of State, under date of January 2, 18oQ.
It appears, from the files of the Department, that Mr. G.
A. Porter, on the 23d September, 1849, being then United
Slates consul at Constantinople, obtained from the United
fitatos legation leave ofah^ewe for six month'?, and returned
to the United Slates, leaving the consulate in charge of
the memorialist, who had been, for a considerable time
previous!}, connected with it. Mr. Porter remained there-
after in the United States, and the duties of the office were
discharged by the memorialist, in person, till July, 1851.
It is htatcd, in a letter fiom the Fifth Auditor, "inclosing a
list of the persons lo whom payments have been made on
account ot the expenses of the United States consulate at
Constantinople, from the 1st of April. 1849, to the 20th of
December, 185-i," that these payments appear to have been
made in full, ft is also stated in a memorandum from the
eame office, that the " accounts from 1st of April, 1849, to
SJst March, 1850, rendered by Mr. Dainese, weresettled in
the name of Mr. Porter, he being the consul, and I think,
drawing for their amount, accounts kept in the name of
Francis Dainese, from the ist April, 1850, to the 30th of June,
1851." It is also understood that the accounts were kept m
the name of the memorialist from the last date to the 20ih of
December, 1852, when he received notice of the revocation
of his commission. It further appears, from the list above
mentioned, that payments were made to G. A. Porter on
account of the contingent expenses of the consulate from
April 1st, 1849, to March 31, 1850—$500, and to the memo-
rialist, from 1st April, 1850, to SOih December, 1852,
$1,365 66 which sums exceed the amount claimed by $5 66.
At the expiration of Mr. Porter's leave of absence, he
did not return to Constantinople, but continued to reside in
this country, and the memorialist appears to have consid-
ered himself, at least for a portion of the time, acting as
consul, with the implied sanction of this Department; and
Mr. Porter having neither resigned, nor been formally re-
moved, claimed, in July, 1«51, to have the control of the
consulate. This conflict ofjuiisdiction, doubtless, gave rise
to the subsequent difficulties connected with this consulate,
which have demanded and received labonousinvestigation,
on the part of this Department, in order to settle and adjust
the various claims which have been set up by the several
parties connected in these controversies.
The several amounts drawn by Mr. Porter from the
Treasury of the United States, under the circumstances
above stated, on account of the contingent expenses of the
United States consulate at Constantinople, constitute the
sums, in part, as it is believed, for which the memorialist
now presents a claim to the consideration of Congress.
In respect to the third claim for $3,594 40, compensation
alleged to be due to him for his services as vice consul, acting
consul, and consul for Constantinople, from the 16th of
May, 1849, to the 20th of December, 1852, during which pe-
riod the memorialist was recognized as consular agent, vice
consul, or consul by this Department. I have the honor
to state that* in the Treaty of the United States with the
Ottoman Porte, in 1830, it is provided that citizens of the
United States " even when they may have committed some
offense, shall not be arrested and put in prison, hy the local
authorities, but shall be tried by the minister or consul,
and punished according to their offense, following, in this
respect, the usage observed towards the Franks," (8 stat-
utes at large, 409.) By the second article of the same
treaty, it is agreed that the " United States may appoint
their citizens to be consuls or vice-consuls, at the com-
mercial places in the dominions of the Sublime Porte, where
it shall be found needful to superintend the affairs of com-
merce."
The ministers resident and consuls of the United States
in China and Turkey, by the act approved 11th August,
1848, are clothed with certain judicial powers; in China
these powers extend to civil as well as criminal matters;
in Turkey jurisdiction is limited to criminal offenses.
Annual appropriations have been made in the civil and
diplomatic bill ihr compensation under the above act re-
ferred to, to the consuls at the five ports in China, but no
appropriation has been made for compensation for the Uni-
ted States consuls in Turkey; and the Fifth Auditor states
that " no accounts for judicial services have been rendered
to that office by the United States consuls at Constantinople.
Mr. ]). 3. Carr, late minister resident in Turkey, was
allowed, under the above act, and that making appropria-
tion for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government
of 31st of August, 1852, at the rate of $1,000 a year, from
the 11th August, 1848, to the 90th of October, 1849."
In settling the accounts of United States consuls in China
for judicial services, I find that different constructions have
been placed on those terms of the act relating to the com-
pensation and the powers of consuls. H has been held that
a consul is entitled to his " compensation " from the date
of Iih commission, and consular accounts have been thus
allowed and paid; and again, that the consuls' compensa-
tion commences with the date of entering on his official
duties. It has been held that a consul cannot delegate to a
vice-consul hts judicial functions, and, consequently, a
vice-consul can receive no " compensation " except the
u&ual consular fees ; and, on ihe contrary, the accounts of
vice-consuls for compensation for the peiformance of judi-
cial services have repeatedly been allowed and paid.
This want of uniformity in settling consular accounts
probably ausos from the two-fold nature of the consul's
duties in China. If ho is considered by the accounting
officers as holding the position of a judge, hiseompensation
may be thought to commence, like those of United States
judges, with the date of commission; if regarded simply an
consul, his compensation, like that of the United States
consul in London, at the time of entering on his duties.
In respect to the fourth item, for traveling expenses, I
have to state, that no allowance is ever made lor the travel-
ing expenses of consuls, unless they are charged with spe-
cial duties, which was nut the case in the present instance.
I am, sir. with high respect, your obedient servant,
W.L. MARCY.
Hon. J. M. Mason, Chairman of the Committee onForeign
Ilclations, United States Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was called out for a mo-
ment while this claim was originally pending, and
I regret exceedingly that 1 am under the necessity
of troubling the Senate by a reconsideration in
order to reach the question. I know enough, and
have heard enough, of this man Dainese to be
willing to take nothing on credit except what he
produces vouchers for. He came to me with his
complaints and made representations in regard to
the conduct of our minister at Constantinople, and
of Mr. Brown, our dragoman there, as connected
with the Kozsta affair, which occurred about the
time I was in Constantinople and Smyrna, and
every report which he made to me was false from
beginning to end. For these reasons I have no
faith in him, and believe him to be an imposter.
His own personal representations are worth
nothing with me beyond what he produces vouch-
ers or proofs to sustain. Consequently I wish to
know whether there are vouchers for the expendi-
ture of this money. If I understand the report of
the Secretary of State, there are 110 testimonials
or vouchers in the Department as to these ex-
penditures. The impressions which I have formed
adverse to this man were occasioned by his repre-
sentations to me of matters of fact connected with
our legation in Turkey, and circumstances in
Constantinople and in Smyrna, of which he pro-
fessed to have a personal knowledge; but it so
happened that I was in those places about the
time when the circumstances occurred, and he was
not within thousands of miles. X exposed to him
at the time the fact that such was the case. Hence
1 cannot take on credit what he states.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will allow me for
a moment, I think I can dispose of this matter by
a simple statement.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Very well, sir, I yield.
Mr. MASON. The letter of the Secretary of
State which has been read was addressed to me as
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations
at the last session. The subject was then before
that committee, and ray recollection is that we
made no report. It seems to me, from the reading
of the paper, that the law disposes of the whole
subject. Byourtreaties with Turkey and China
it is provided that the commissioner in China, and
the consuls both in China and Turkey, shall have
jurisdiction in certain cases specified under the
treaty. Well, sir, by the act of 1848, to which
reference is made in the letter, there i8 this provis-
ion: " That in consideration of the duties herein
imposed upon the commissioner," that is the com-
missioner in China, " there shall be paid to him
out of the Treasury, annually, the sum of $1,000
in addition to his salary; and there shall also be
paid, annually, to each of said consuls," meaning
the consuls in China and in Turkey, " for a like
reason," that is for the discharge of judicial
duties," the sum of §1,000 in addition to consular
fees." Then the last section of the act provides:
" the word ' consul' shall be understood to mean
any person vested by the United States with, and
exercising the consular authority in any of the
five ports of China named in the treaty, or in any
port in Turkey." It appears from the statement
of the letter, that this gentleman never was vested
by the United States with the office of consul.
Mr. G. A. Porter was the consul.
Mr. WELLER. This case was before the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and referred to
me for examination. I investigated the papers,
and became satisfied from them that this man was
entitled to nothing. Such being the case, I have
made no report. I hold the papers in my hand,
and my intention was to ask to be discharged from
their further consideration.
Mr. MASON. My impression was that no
report had been made; but at any rate, it appears,
from the letter of the Secretary of State, that Mr.
Porter was the consul at Constantinople. When
he came to the United States he left the consulate
in charge of Mr. Dainese. It appears that the
accounts of the consulate were settled in the name
af Porter up to a given time, and after that time
Mr. Dainese claimed to have been acting as consul,
and entitled to salary for judicial services; but it is
clear under the law that he is not entitled.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was about to state that Mr.
Porter was the consul, and I apprehend that we
have to deal with him, and not with Mr. Dainese.
He is not a citizen of the United States, by birth
or naturalization. He ia an Italian, or an Aus-
trian, or a Turk, according to circumstances. He
is descended, I believe, from an Italian family
living under Austrian jurisdiction, and was, per-
haps born in Turkey. At any rate, he has been
employed under the Turkish Government. We
have nothing to do with him as he was not ap-
pointed by this Government; but we have to deal
with Mr. Porter, our own consul.
I have only to say, in regard to him, that I can
take nothing on faith. If he has legitimate claims
against the Government let him produce his vouch-
ers or proofs for them. Besides, this is a matter
of private claim, and a proper subject for a private
bill. It should be referred to a committee, and
carefully investigated, and then, if we find that
anything is due him, I shall be as ready as any
man to pay him whatever may be due him; but I
do not think it is proper that the matter should
be sprung upon an appropriation bill without in-
vestigation. I know he has given this Govern-
ment much trouble by coming here and making
representations against our late worthy minister
to Constantinople, Mr. Marsh, and against our
mostexcellentand efficient dragoman, Mr. Brown,
endeavoring to prejudice them, and injure the
public interests in a matter where truth, justice,
patriotism, and gratitude required us to place
confidence both in Mr. Marsh and Mr. Brown.
I hope this will be treated as a private claim, and
not inserted upon a general appropriation bill, and
then we shall have an opportunity to examine it
by itself on its own merits.
Mr. BROWN. I said a few words in favor of
this claim a short time ago, based upon the printed
report of the Committee on Foreign Affairs in the
House of Representatives, to which my attention
had been called. Of course, I know nothing of
these outside transactions, of which the Senator
from Illinois speaks. If it is to be resisted here,
against a report prepared and published in the
House, in opposition to the action of the House of
Representatives, it seems to me that we ought to
have some authorized statement to justify our
