1094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
$300,000 are to go to these British corporations,
at I understand the matter, and then theindividual
members of those corporations may go upon the
land, and claim it under the preemption laws.
That will be the result.
Mr. SLIDELL. It is due, injustice to myself,
to state, that as a member of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, I dissented altogether from the
view taken by the majority on this question. I
considered it in substance paying $300,000 to cer-
tain individuals in Oregon and Washington Ter-
ritories, for a very doubtful title to land, which
land they would afterwards obtain, without any
consideration whatever, either in the form of pre-
emption or donation. That, to my mind, is the
substance of this provision.
Mr. MASON. This measure is recommended
by the Executive, upon the responsibility of the
Executive. Itis recommended to preventcollision
between our people and the people of a foreign
Government. The treaty with Great Britain for
settling the boundaries of Oregon provided that
the possessor^ rights of the Hudson's Bay com-
pany should be respected, and provided further,
that the property belonging to the Push's Sound
Agricultural Company should be subject to pur-
chase, if at a future day it should be lound neces-
sary. The Senate may adopt this amendment or
not, at their discretion; but I would wager (accord-
ing to our Virginia habit of backing judgment) at
the rate of a guinea to a sixpence, that, unless
some provision be made by law for adjusting
these conflicting claims, the ultimate cost to the
Government will be five fold the $300,000 now
proposed.
Mr. SEWARD. "Will the honorable chairman
explain what the conflict is?
Mr. MASON. The conflict is this: The prop-
erty claimed by the Puget'a Sound Agricultural
Company is not ascertained. They claim a very
large extent of territory. They were very large
graziers. They had, 1 think, several thousand
cattle, various thousands of sheep, and other stock
grazing on these lands, and have claimed to the
extent to which their lands were grazed. There
■were houses, rather indifferenthouses, cabins, etc.,
put on various parts of the lands. Our settleis lmve
gone in upon them and now claim donation and pre-
emption rights on land claimed by these British
subjects. The possessory rights of the Hudson
Bay Company are undefined. It is intended that
the Commissioner shall define and ascertain them.
The Delegate from Washington Territory, where
the Pugets' Sound Agricultural Company's claim
is, stated to us with a great deal of energy and a
great deal of interest, that it would materially re-
tard the settlement of that country unless some
provision were made for adjusting these respective
claims.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MASON. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Foreign Relations to offer the fol-
lowing amendment to come in at the end of the
appropriations for intercourse with foreign na-
tions:"
To reimburse Commodore M. C. Perry of ihf United
Stales N.ivy, ihe extraordinary expenses incurred hy Inn) on
hi:! recent mission to Japan, and as a consideration for Ins
eminent public services in eflecsmgatreaiy of amity and
commerce with thai Power, $20,000, to he iceeived m full
of all expenses or other charges mcurrcd by him on that
mission.
The Committee on Foreign Relations made a
report accompanying the bill which was reported
on this subject, the substance of which was, that
an amount of §15,000 had been placed in the hands
of Commodore Perry by the Department of State
to defray the extraordinary expenses of his mis-
sion, but he used only $2,000, and those $2,000 he
used in having presents purchased at Pans for the
purposes of his mission. The residue he very
properly, I think, abstained from using because it
"would involve the settlement of accounts here for
expenditures of an extraordinary character inci-
dent to that mission. The committee examined
the subject with great care, and entertain, as I
believe the country entertains, a very high sense
of the eminent services which Commodore Perry
rendered to the country in opening a communica-
tion with Japan.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed to
pav, out of any rnonevs not otherwise appropriated, to
liobert C. Schenck, of Ohio, for his full compensation while
employed as Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipo-
teniiary of the United Slates on special mission to the Ori-
ental Republic of Uruguay, in the year 1852, the sum of
$9,000; and for his full compensation as Envoy Extraordi-
nary and Minister Plenipotentiary of the United States on
special mission to the Aigcmine Confederation, in the year
1853, the sum of $9,000, such payment to be m hou ot the
pcrdiem compensation provided tor said Robert C.Schenck
in ihe act u making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government," approved August 4,
1854.
At the last session of Congress, as this amend-
ment shows, there was inserted m the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill a provision coming
from the Committee on Foreign Relations of the
Senate, to pay Mr. Schenck and Mr. Pendleton
a fixed per diem compensation. Mr. Pendleton
was charg6 d'affaires at Buenos Ayres, and Mr.
Schenck was minister plenipotentiary to Rio Ja-
niero. They were commissioned first in 1852, and
again in 1853, to make treaties in South America
with the Argentine Confederation, with Paraguay,
and Uruguay. They were very successful in
making those treaties. It was a special mission
entrusted to them. It turns out, however, that
the compensation allowed in the bill of last year to
Mr. Schenck, who was minister plenipotentiary,
is about one third of what the same bili allowed to
Mr. Pendleton, who was charge.
Sir, I will not argue this question*, it is unne-
cessary to do so. My amendment goes back to
the usual practice. W"e know that these services
m South America were very valuable. Large
extents of country were closed up almost as long
as Japan, and shutout from the trade of the world.
There is an existing trade with them now of above
$4,000,000, and a prospective trade of ten times
that amount in a very few years. These gentle-
men rendered eminent services, and I only ask that
they shall be paid according to the usual practice
of making payments in such cases.
Mr. MAbON. i would say to the honorable
Senator that the Committee on Foreign Relations
have had the case under consideration againatthis
session, and I have an amendment, which is pre-
pared, to modify, so far as he is concerned, the
provision of the act of last session with which I
understood that Mr. Schenck was satisfied.
Mr. TOOMBS. I know nothing about it. If
it is other than this provision, 1 do not believe it
is on principle.
Mr. MASON". It is other than that.
Mr. TOOMBS. If the Senate intend to depart
from the precedent in former cases, let them vote
down my amendment; but if they do so, they
will depart from precedent in a case as loudly
calling for the mforcemerit of the rule, as that of
Commodore Perry, or any body else.
Mr. MASON. At the last session the Senate
put on the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill
an amendment, which wan afterwards adopted by
the Tlouse, for the payment to Mr. Pendleton
and Mr. Schenck of a per diem allowance of
twenty-five dollars for the time they were en-
gaged in those service, and provided, also, that all
their expenses of every kind should be reim-
bursed, whether they had vouchers or not, on
their certificate that such were their expenditures.
The Senator from Georgia then endeavored to get
an appropriation in lieu of it, of the character he
now proposes, but the Senate voted it down. We
have ascertained that, by the construction placed
on the act of last year, injustice has been done
to Mr. Schenck, in so far as the compensation
allowed to him would not equal that of Mr. Pen-
dleton, and the committee have authorized me to
ofFeran amendment, which 1 shall presently submit,
if this be rejected, to put them on an equal footing.
That is conforming, as we understood, to the in-
tention of the Senate last year. I cannot agree,
therefore, to the amendment of the Senator from
Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS. That certainly would not sat-
isfy me nor this gentleman. I intend to put him on
the uniform usage of the Government, what I have
considered settled law and usage. Mr. Pendleton,
although his compensation under the act of last
year is larger than that of Mr. Schenck, did not
receive what the established rule would have al-
lowed him by some few thousands of dollars. I
shall, after deducting that, insist that he shall be
paid on the same rule, if this meets the approba-
tion of the Senate.
Mr. MASON. J shall offer an amendment pres-
ently, intended to affect this case. I ask the Sen-
ator from Georgia, therefore, to withdraw his
amendment now, and let him offer it as an amend*
ment or substitute for the proposition which I
shall submit from the Committee on Foreign
Relations on this subject. *
Mr. TOOMBS. It' I saw any reason for with-
drawing it I would do so; but I think my prop-
osition is germane to this.
Mr. MASON. The reason is, that we shall
then be actingupon the same subject. This is an
independent proposition.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; this is to pay a com-
modore in the Navy for very valuable services as
a negotiator in a distant land. He was not sent
there as a minister, but he rendered service in that
character, and the amendment of the Senator from
Virginia proposes to pay him for it. I think the
questions are directly relative; I wish to see them
associated. Probably there is a better chance of
doing justice by that course.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall very cheerfully vote
for the proposition of the Senator from Georgia,
not with a desire at all to embarrass the original
proposition, because 1 am m favor of the amend-
ment m regard to Commodore Perry; but f think
this comes precisely within the same principle,
and is justified by the same considerations, from
the extraordinary character of the services per-
formed, and the extraordinary results which fol-
lowed the negotiations. I hope, therefore, both
will be put upon the same footing.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not mean to detain ths
Senate; I am not well enough to do so, if I were
so disposed; but I rise merely to appeal to my
friend from Georgia to withdraw his amendment
to this particular proposition. I shall be com-
pelled otherwise to vote against it, although I am
strongly in favor of the appropriation which he
proposes, and am anxious to vote for it. If, how-
ever, we are all agreed upon the proposition made
by the Committee on Foreign Relations, that Com-
modore Perry is entitled to a testimonial of this
kind from the country, and there should unfortu-
nately be a difference of opinion in relation to the
other gentleman whose claim is placed in this
amendment, 1 must say 1 can see no justice in de-
feating an admitted claim because there is a differ-
ence of opinion on another. I myself consider
both claims meritorious in the highest degree, and
shall vote for both; but I trust my friend from
Georgia will withdraw his proposition as an
amendment to this, and allow us to act upon each
case on its independent merits.
Mr. TOOMBS. I should be very much pleased
to gratify my honorable friend from Louisiana, but
I think both cases stand on precisely the same
principle, except that one has the precedent of law
and the other has not. I acknowledge the dis-
tinguished services of Commodore Perry, and I
am willing to make him compensation for them;
but when you establish the rule of compensation,
I do not wish gentlemen who have gone abroad
and rendered great services to the country, to be,
from any cause which I can control, unjustly
discriminated against. For this reason, at the
expense of losing the vote of my friend from
Louisiana, I must stand by what my judgment
approves.
Mr. ADAMS. I shall neither vote for the
amendment proposed by my friend from Georgia
nor for that offered by the Committee on Foreign
Relations. It is not pretended that either of these
officers performed more than his duty. To intro-
duce a system of legislation by which you give
extra compensation to individuals for performing
their duty, on account of their success in its per-
formance, is, in my judgment, altogether wrong.
It is setting a bad precedent. A man who labors
faithfully, and with equal skiji, and fails in his
negotiation, is entitled to as much as the one who
succeeds. This is introducing, in my judgment,
a bad system in legislation. If, because parties
have been successful, you pay them extra for per-
forming no more than their duty, it is an implica-
tion on others who have equally performed their
duty, and is traveling out of the ordinary course.
Mr. TOOMBS. My friend from Mississippi is
mistaken about my amendment. I have differed
from his policy in paying men large sums for infe-
rior services. I voted against his bill; I did not
support the policy he has put upon the country
in reference to subaltern officers here. But these
gentlemen had new duties imposed on them, and
performed them, and they rendered extraordinary
services* Mr. Schenck was-Minister to Rio; and
