1096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March
The PRESIDENT. That subject must be
taken up before a motion to reconsider can be
entered.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill from the House
of Representatives making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of Government for
the year ending 30th June, 1856, and for other
purposes.
Mr. MASON. I have some more amendments
from the Committee on Foreign Relations. The
first is to insert the following:
To enable the Secretary of State, through the diplomatic
aud consular representaiivfis of the United States in foreign
countries, to provide means for returning home to such citi-
zens of the United States in foreign countries as may have
been reduced to a state of destitution of the neefssanes o(
life by shipwreck or the necessary abandonment of the ves-
sel in winch they have embarked, and also to such citizens
of the Uutted States as, being on their way from one part of
the United States to another become destitute in foreign
countries in consequence of shipwreck, disease, or any
other casualty, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. MASON. The next amendment is to
insert:
To enable the Secretary of State to pay Blythe & Co.,
of Tort Louis, in the Island of Mauritius, the amount of
two bills of exchange drawn upon the Department of State
by George M. Farnum, commercial agent, in payment of
the expenses incurred in relieving destitute American citi-
zens, which drafts were cashed by said Blythe & Co.,
$7,&54 £0.
This is a recommendation from the Department
of State because they have acknowledged these
drafts, but have no appropriation to pay them.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. The next amendment is:
That the Secretary of the Treasury cause the accounts of
William Hunter, Chief Clerk in the department of State,
for services rendered by htm as acting Secretary of State m
the absence of the Secretary, and uiidftr the appointment of
the President, flimng the years 18.V2 and LbjO, to be fettled
in pucli manner as to allow him the (Inference between the
compensation of Chief Clerk and that ot Secretary of State
during ihe several periods he acted in the latter capacity,
to be paid out ot any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
That is to pay the present Chief' Clerk of the
State Department the difference between the salary
of Chief Clerk and that of the Secretary of State
during the time he was commissioned by the ,
President of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. The next amendment is to
insert:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
directed to audit and settle the accounts ot George I'. .Marsh,
late Minister resident ot the United Stales at the Ottoman
Porle, for additional compensation and expenditures in-
curred by him in the performance of special services, not
appertaining to his mission, and at poinlsdiHWeiutroiu that
to whicll lie was accredited, in compliance with instructions
from tile Department of State, and for judicial services
rendered by linn under the act of August i I, IMH, entitled
u An act to carry into effect certain provisions in the tre.aties
between the United States and China and Ihe Ottoman
Porte, givmR certain judicial powers to ministers and con-
suls of the United Slates m those countries," in settling
which accounts the sum oi $V)U(J shall be allowed as com-
pensation lor said special services m the mission to Greece ,
und m ascertaining the amount of said expenses the certifi-
cate ot the party shall be regarded as sufficient, where no
regular vouchers can be produced; and af'urtlierallowance,
lit tile rate of §1,000 per annum, shall be made to said
George P. Marsh for judicial services during the period of
said mission to the Ottoman Porte, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding:
And that the sum of $18,000 be paid to John S. Pendle-
ton, in full compensation tor his services in the missions
in which he was associated with Mr. Schenck, deducting
anything which he may heretofore have received aa com-
pensation for the same.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is under the
impression that both amendments, the amendment
and the amendment to the amendment, are ex-
cluded by the 30th rule, which excludes private
claims.
Mr. WELLER. Both are for diplomatic ser-
vices rendered to the Government.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will submit
the question to the Senate whether they shall be
received under the rule.
Mr. FOOT. The original amendment, or, at
any rate, a portion of it, is in pursuance of an ex-
isting law, which is spectfied in it, the act of 1848,
and is for judicial services as Minister resident at
Constantinople.
Mr. MASON. As the Senator apparently ap-
peals tome, I will state that this does not arise
under an existing law. The existing law provides
for payment for judicial services of the Commis-
sioner in China; but we have precedents for this
in paying to the predecessor of Mr. Marsh. Such,
1 have no doubt, was the intention of the law, but
it is not provided for.
Mr. FOOT. My remarks were elicited by the
terms of the amendment itself; it refers to a law.
The committee intended to make this allowance
in pursuance of that act, and under the legislative
construction already given to it.
Mr. TOOMBS. Tiie amendment of the hon-
orable Senator from New York is precisely simi-
lar to one which I gave notice at the last session
I would move if the one which I offered in regard
to Mr. Schenck should be approved. Those two
gentlemen, one from Virginia and one from Ohio,
were engaged in the same missions. The gentle-
man from Ohio has now, as far as our action is
concerned, obtained nearly all that waedue to him.
This ie a very small matter; and I gave notice that
I would move precisely the same amendment as
the honorable Senator from New York has now
moved. It is right.
Mr. WELLER. I think the difference is about
this: Under the amendment which we made at the
last session Mr. Pendleton has received every
dollar we intended he should receive, but Mr.
Schenck, by the construction given at the Depart-
ment, failed to receive a large amount which we
intended he should obtain. There is the differ-
ence. Now, I think the amendment is in order.
This is the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
The amendment proposes to pay for services ren-
dered by these gentlemen in their diplomatic char-
acter. If it is not in order, I do not know what is.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will put the
question upon receiving the amendment of the
Senator from Virginia.
The amendment was received.
The PRESIDENT. The question is now on
the amendment of the Senator from New York to
the amendment. The Chair believes that, also, to
be out of order, but will submit it to the Senate.
The amendment was received.
Mr. WALKER called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. STUART. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Senator from Georgia. I understood him
to-day, when he offered the amendment for Mr.
Schenck, to put it upon the ground that Mr. Pen-
dleton had received a certain sum which Mr.
Schenck, for some reasons, had not received.
That amendment passed. Now it is proposed to
give an additional sum to Mr. Pendleton. I should
like to hear an explanation of it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I made the statement to show
the injustice of the amendment presented by the
Committee on Foreign Relations last session, and
showed that Mr. Schenck, who was minister
plenipotentiary to Rio, under the rule of compen-
sation adopted by the committee, received $4,000,
and Mr. Pendleton, a charge, received $13,000.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Thirteen thousand dollars?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; and a little over. I
made an elaborate argument last session of Con-
gress to show that the rule of compensation was
wrong. 1 intended to show that the principle,
for forty years, has been to give persons in such
oases simply their outfit and their expenses. It
was established in the time of President Monroe.
Mr. Pendleton has received about $13,000. He
received that with a protest against the rule of
compensation. Now, we have put Mr. Schenck
upon the proper rule of outfit. I desire to put
Mr. Pendleton on the same basis.
Mr. MASON. At the last session of Congress,
upon this question being brought forward by the
Senator from Georgia, it was most elaborately
discussed. He offered an amendment to pay both
gentlemen a larger allowance than was proposed
by the Committee on Foreign Relations. The
Senate voted it down. The Committee on For-
eign Relations proposed to pay each a per diem of
twenty-five dollars for the time they were actually
engaged upon the missions, and to pay them in
addition, not only the expenses for which they
could produce vouchers, but all other expenses
were to be allowed upon their own certificate. It
was stated at this session that Mr. Pendleton had
settled his accounts at the Treasury, and that his
per diem allowance had very far exceeded the per
i diem allowance made to Mr. Schenck; from which
we could only infer that Mr. Pendleton had been
more days employed in his mission than Mr.
Schenck. The law was genera' that these two
gentlemen should each receive the per diem allow-
ance of twenty-five dollars. It was stated, and. I
have no doubt, correctly stated, that Mr. Pendle-
ton's per diem allowance far exceeded that of Mr.
Schenck—I do not remember by what amount.
The Senator from Georgia says that one received.
$13,000, and the other $4,OOQ or $5,000. I pre-
sume he is correct.' Now, to:day, on the motion,
of, the Senator from Georgia, the Senate determ-
ined to pay Mr. Schenck, according to my recol-
lection, two outfits amounting to $18,000. The
Committee on Foreign Relations were prepared to
report a recommendation to the Senate that he
should be allowed the same amount of per diem
allowance that was made to Mr. Pendleton; but
they were anticipated by the amendment of the
Senator from Georgia. The Senate to-day ordered
that there should be paid to Mr. Schenck two out-
fits amounting to $18,000. Then there is a law
upon your statute-book authorizing him to receive
twenty-five dollars per day for the time he was
engaged; and here is that additional amendment to
pay him $18,000. Now, 1 understand the Sen-
ator from New Yor)t to propose to pay Mr. Pen-
dleton the sum of $10,000. That, I suppose, is
in addition to what he has received; but, be that
as it may, I shall vote against the last as I voted
against the first.
Mr. SEWARD. The amendment which I have
offered is for $18,000—not $10,000—deducting
what has already been made, which is $13,000.
That leaves $5,000, which is the amount that he
will receive under this amendment. It places him
entirely on the same footing with Mr. Schenck,
in whose favor an amendment has already been
agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. X never heard any complaint
until to-day from Mr. Pendleton. I had heard that
Mr. Schenck complained, and I believe he had just
cause of complaint, against the injustice which had
been done to him in the construction of the law
passed at the last session of Congress, because
under that, at the Treasury Department, there had
been allowed to a mere charge, Mr. Pendleton, a
much larger sum than was paid to him, and he was
a full minister. He had just right to complain of
that; but the Committee on Foreign Relations were
willing to place Mr.Schenck upon a fair and equal
footing. The chairman was instructed by the com-
mittee to offer an amendment, which he has in hia
hand, to remedy the injustice which has been done
to Mr. Schenck; but the Senator from Georgia
to-day has moved to increase his compensation to
$18,000, thus anticipating the action of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. Now, upon the heel
of that, the Senator from New York comes in and
claims $18,000 for Mr. Pendleton, the charge.
Sir, I consider, if you will allow meto say so, that
this is the grossest outrage that 1 have ever known
to be attempted upon the public Treasury. I do
regard it as public plunder. That is my opinion
of it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to put this thing right.
We differ so much that it is sometimes possible
for even a man as moderate as I am to use strong
and extravagant terms about which he may be
wrong. Wiien I stated that what I moved had
been the universal rule for forty years, I was mis-
taken. I ought to have said the most common
rule. It was not universal because there were
exceptions to it. I moved that Mr. Schenck be
allowed the outfit of two independent missions
which had been given for forty times by the Gov-
ernment; and I gave notice that if that passed, I
would move the same forMr. Pendleton, who was
engaged in the same character and in the same
service. Both failed. The Committee on Foreign
Relations introduced an amendment to pay their
expenses and twenty-five dollars a day. Well,
their scheme is confessed by themselves to have
been a failure.
Mr. MASON. Certainly not.
Mr. TOOMBS. I understand they want to
amend it; for the gentleman says himself that by
their rule a minister plenipotentiary got $4,000, a
small amount, and a larger one was received by a
charge.
Mr. MASON. They were paid twenty-five
dollars a day for their services, and what they
received depended upon the number of days they
were engaged; and I take it for granted, their ewn
