1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1099
discharging the duties of their missions, they were
called upon by this Government to go to some
distance and perform other services as commis-
sioners or ministers. For the payment of these
services, at the last session of Congress, a pro-
vision was put into the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill, to the effect that they should receive
twenty-five dollars per day, and also their inci-
dental expenses. That appears not to have been
satisfactory to Mr. Schenck or Mr. Pendleton.
The Committee on Foreign Relations, as I under-
stand it from their chairman, propose giving Mr.
Schenck a larger amount. The Senator from
Georgia proposed an amendment to this bill,
■which has been adopted, whereby Mr. Schenck
■will be paid outfits as full minister, upon his new
mission to two separate courts where he made
treaties. Whether the arrangement made at the
last session of Congress was just or equitable to
these ministers, I am not prepared to say; but
inasmuch as the Senate has determined to pay
Mr. Schenck $18,000 as an outfit to these courts,
the same measure of justice should be extended to
Mr. Pendleton. In the extraordinary missions on
which they were sent they were equal. They
performed the same duty. They were perfectly
upon an equality, although Mr. Schenck was a
fall minister to the court to which he was first
sent, viz : Brazil, while Mr. Pendleton was only
a charge at the Argentine Republic. I repeat,
■when they went upon these extraordinary mis-
sions, if I understand it aright, they were perfectly
upon an equality. They were equal, and per-
formed the same extraordinary services, under the
order of the Government, which services did much
for the interest and honor of the country, and they
should, therefore, receive the same compensation.
What that compensation should be, as I before
remarked, 5 am not prepared to say, but whatever
Mr. Schenck received Mr. Pendleton should re-
ceive. The Senate, by a vote in the early part of
the day, has decided that the per diem was not
a sufficient compensation for Mr. Schenck, and,
therefore, agreed to pay him §18,000. Mr. Pendle-
ton was ins equal in the missions; he discharged
the same duties; they together negotiated treaties
which have been highly honorable and beneficial
to the country, and, therefore, I say, whatever
one minister receives the other should be allowed.
It matters not about this extra compensation of
$18,000. Whatever Mr. Pendleton has received
is to be taken from it; and he will be placed upon
a perfect equality with Mr. Schenck. 1 believe, ]
sir, that is the correct view of the question. If
Mr. Schenck receives $18,000, surely Mr. Pendle-
ton should not receive less. If we make a dif-
ferent provision for one from what the Committee
on Foreign Relations reported at the last session,
the same provision should be made for the other.
To discriminate between them would be manifestly
unjust.
Mr. BADGER. I am afraid that this question
may be disposed of with too little being said about
it. I therefore beg to add a few words, to use a
senatorial expression, to what has been said by
others. I think my young friends from California
and Georgia have permitted themselves to become
excited in this discussion, and, therefore, do not
perceive, as I think, exactly thequestion which is
presented for the consideration of the Senate. I
understand the case to be this: Two gentlemen,
who occupied the situation of foreign ministers or
foreign agents, were, by the direction of the Gov-
ernment, united in one diplomatic commission, to
two other Governments or courts. They executed
the commission in which they were united; andl
understand that, under such circumstances, it is
the general custom of the Government to allow an
outfit to the commissioners who are sent upon
these special services. If so, it seems to me to
follow necessarily that the outfit ought to be
allowed to these gentlemen, and to both of them
equally, irrespective of the positions wnich they
held under their previous appointments. They
■were joined in their new commission. They were
then diplomaticagents of the country abroad. The
custom of the country has been, by way of award-
ing compensation for the special services, to give
an outfit. That is the whole affair. No reason
has been assigned, that I have heard, why we
should depart from the custom in these cases. The
amendment which is now under consideration to
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Virginia will give that outfit to Mr. Pendleton.
Mr. MASON. Each Senator assumes his own
facts, as I understand it, and the honorable Sen-
ator from Worth Carolina assumes his faets.
Mr. BADGER. We all assume our own facts,
of course.
Mr. MASON. He says it has been the inva-
riable custom of this Government to make such
allowances.
Mr. BADGER. I said it had been the general
custom of the country.
Mr. MASON". Well, sir, the general custom,
the Senator states, has been when a minister has
been sent on an extraordinary service, to give him
a special outfit. I am not aware of such a custom.
There was a precedent set two years ago which
we did not consider in point. It was the case of
a gentleman from Maryland, who was sent as
Minister to New Granada or Nicaragua, Mr. Kerr.
He was accredited, by proper credentials, to the
Central American Government. These gentlemen
were not accredited to any Government, but were
sent to negotiate treaties, and we did not propose
to give them an outfit. The Senate may dispose
of it as they think proper; but the question comes
to this at last; there is no law for paying these
gentlemen; the law is to be made for the occasion;
and if the Senate chooses, upon such information
as they can obtain from various sources, to over-
rule the judgment of the committee, 1 shall not be
the man to complain.
Mr. RUSK. I had occasion, during the last
session of Congress, to examine this matter. I
went into it at some considerable length. I feel
satisfied that this amendment ought to pass. As
everybody knows, there was a long discussion
upon the subject last year, when the Committee on
Foreign Relations reported an amendment to the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill. It was
then contended by many gentlemen that that was
an inadequate compensation. The amendment,
however, was agreed to. These gentlemen were
both in the diplomatic service—one as minister,
and the other as charge d'affaires. They were
ordered by the Government to go to other Gov-
ernments than those to which they were accred-
ited, for the purpose of making treaties. It was
regarded by this Government, and also by the
Governments of England and France, as important
in the opening of that South American territory,
that there should betreaties with the Governments
there. These men were ordered, therefore, from
their positions, to go upon this extraordinary
service, which they performed to the entire satis-
faction of every one. They carried outthe instruc-
tions of the American Government. As 1 under-
stand it, they went in company with the British and
French ministers, and made as good treaties, if
not better, than the other Governments did. One
honorable Senator has said that they found some
Indian tribes there. Well, sir, they were that
sort of Indian tribes that the President of the Uni-
ted States thought it was necessary for us to have
treaties with, and it was thought desirable by the
Governments of England and France that we
should get no advantage in the treaties with them.
If there was a fault committed by the President
it was not the fault of either of these gentlemen.
If the President had appointed two new charges,
or two new ministers, and sent them out for this
express purpose, the expense would have been
much larger than is claimed to be paid to these
gentlemen. Under the circumstances, situated, as
they were, in a foreign country, where it was
impossible to keep their accounts, and where they
had considerable traveling to do, we cannot expect
them to present vouchers for all their expenses.
1 think the United States lose nothing in granting
the allowance asked for by the amendments. The
amendment that was made last year was against
their protest I know, and 1 voted against it. I
voted, at the last session of Congress, for the
amount which is now proposed.
I regret that a comparison has been drawn in
the Senate between these two gentlemen. I know
very little of them. I met them some years ago;
and what I saw of them convinced me that they
are both gentlemen of high respectability and
talent. The allowance seems to me, Mr. Presi-
dent, as not at all extravagant. If they had been
sent from here, as I stated before, the expenses
would have been much larger; but they were
drawn from the courts to which they were origin-
ally accredited to perform the duties; and no com-
plaint is made that they did not discharge them
properly. Then, sir, we shall lose nothing, in
money or reputation, by paying them what is
claimed.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise merely to suggest that
it will be necessary to take the question without
much debate, so as to close this bill in time to
have it acted upon and sent to the other House
to-night.
Mr. MASON. I desire to add a few words,
which escaped me before, but which I am re-
minded to say by the remark of the honorable
Senator from Texas. I regret, with him, that the
Senator from California went into any comparison
of the merits of these two gentlemen. One is
from Ohio, and the other from Virginia. They
were both placed upon the same footing. They
are both honorable men; and I take it for granted
that they discharged their duties properly. I ha.ve
not the pleasure of an intimate acquaintance with
the gentleman from Ohio; I have known foryears
Mr. Pendleton, the gentleman from Virginia. He
is a gentleman of intellect, and a gentleman of ad-
dress, perfectly competent to perform the duties
of any mission on which he should be sent, so far
as I can determine, and I regret very much that
the Senator from California has thought it right
to institute any comparison between them.
Mr. WELLER. The only apology that I have
to offer is, that that is my deliberate opinion, and
I saw proper to express it. That is my opinion
of the ability of the two gentlemen.
Mr. MASON. Having said that, I will add
this: I voted against the appropriation for Mr.
Schenck, of Ohio, but it was carried. I shall vote
against ths appropriation for the gentleman from
Virginia, Mr. Pendleton, My opinion is un-
changed.
Mr. BROWN. I shall vote for this amendment;
and as I shall probably differ from some of my
friends upon that subject, 1 desire to say, without
protracting the debate, why I mean to do it. I have
nothing to say as to the respective mental abilities
of these two gentlemen. I had the honor to serve
in the House of Representatives with them; and I
think they are both gentlemen of a very high order
of talent. The Administration which sent them
abroad showed a great deal of discrimination in
selecting such gentlemen. When that Administra-
tion chose to transfer them from one place to an-
other in the discharge of high diplomatic duties, I
take it for granted it had a pupose in doing so.
What was that? To avail itself, and the country,
of the advantage which their experience would
, give. Now, sir, if it had taken new men from
home and sent them to each one of these missions,
what would you have got? Certainly no higher
order of service than you did get, because you
got everything which the Administration sought.
What would it have cost you ? Precisely what
you are now asked to pay. They were selected
because they had the native ability and the expe-
rience which would enable them to conduct the
negotiations successfully. You are asked now to
pay no more than would have been required if
other men had been appointed instead of these,
and sent from this country for the special purpose.
Mr. PRATT. It is less by the amount of the
salary.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator says it is less.
1 should be willing to pay quite as much as it
would have cost to send an independent mission
to each of the courts. Through the negotiation
we obtained important advantages. We obtained
them through the talent, the energy, the skill, the
ability, and the experience of those gentlemen,
and it would be disgraceful to the country not to
pay for them. That is my judgment.
Mr. PRATT. My vote depends upon a ques-
tion of fact. As I understand from the Senator
from Georgia, it has been the general practice of
the Government heretofore, where a minister of
this Government has been accredited to one foreign
country, and he has been directed to go to another,
for the purpose of some diplomatic agency, to pay
him the outfit. That has been the general practice
heretofore.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am glad the Senator has
asked the question, for it corrects the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations.
I assure the Senator I have the report of Mr.
James Monroe, and that has been, not theuniver-
sal, but the ordinary practice of the Government
for forty years. I can show that report, and any
gentleman can ascertain that that has been ths
