1102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
ing for this Congress alone has already reached
to an amount between 1,250,000 and $1,500,000.
At the last session the cost of the printing ordered
was very large; and at the present session, though
a short one, we have almost reached the amount of
the last year. The Committee on Printing have
resisted this increase of expenditure, but they
have been unsuccessful. Before we are through
with the printing of this Congress, it is estimated
that it will cost at least $1,500,000. That is a
startling amount, and should be a warning to us
how we proceed in this course.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, in view of
what we have seen going on here this evening, in
view of the scenes which are yet to be enacted, in
view of the appropriations which are yet to be
made, I may well ask whether Republican Govern-
ments are not to be brought into disrepute? Here,
sir, is a proposition to appropriate over §29,000
for the continuation of the works of the exploring
expedition, and the Senator from Florida moves
as an amendment to that, a provision for printing
a thousand copies of them at an expense of
$160,000 more. I take it for granted that both
will be agreed to. I know very well that any
thing which is asked here to-night in the shape of
money will be granted; but, sir, I wish to place
on record a few facts in connection with this
matter.
This exploring expedition was out four years,
and Captain Wilkes and his men have been en-
gaged for twelve years in publishing the results of
their explorations. Twelve years, in this enlight-
ened age, when printing is done with so much
facility, to publish the results of the labors of four
years ! I know they have a great many fine pic-
tures in their books of birds and creeping things,
and bugs, and things of that kind. I know that is
science. According to the statement of my friend
from Maryland, there were but one hundred copies
of these precious books published, for which the
people have had to pay so much for the benefit of
science! One half of them are abroad in foreign
countries, and most of the residue are locked up
in libraries. Let us sec what we have been pay-
ing for this benefit to science. In 1843 the first
appropriation of $30,000 was made; the next year
$10,000; and in an act passed on the 3d of March,
1845, just ten years ago, I find this provision on
the statute-book:
tc For completing the publication of the work on the
exploring expedition, including the printing of an extra num-
ber of charte, $30,000."
Ten years ago, $30,000 were appropriated for
" completing" these publications. We have been
going on appropriating about $25,000 a year since
1842; and 1 wish to know when we are going to
Btop, In an act passed in March, 1853,1 find in
the statute-book this provision:
" Fnr ilm completion of the publication of the works of
tile txplonnn expedition in pursuance of contracts already
made, $2.>,0U0."
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator please state
the appropriations from 1845 ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. In 1846, §30,000 were
appropriated; in 1847, $15,000; in 1848, jJ30,000;
in 1849, $15,000; m 1840 again, $15,000; m 1850,
$25,000; m 1851, $25,000; m 1853, the provision
which 1 have just lead, for the completion of the
publication, was made. In that clause the idea
was lugged in, that we were bound by contract,
and there was this proviso added to it:
" ProvVlcd, That this appropriation shall finish the pub-
Ilcation."
That is what I called the notice which we served
on them to quit. I have nothing more to say.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I stated when
I was first up that, two years ago, I supposed—
and I had good reason to suppose—that the sum
for which I then asked would complete these
works, i have stated to the Senate frankly why
it has not answered the purpose. I have stated
also that 1 have now most reliable data, detailed
estimates, showing that the appropriation for
which 1 now ask will complete the publication.
Permit me to say, sir, that this is a very great
collection of Looks. There are twenty-two vol-
umes of text, published in the most costly and
luxurious style, because we were directed to do so
by act of Congress. There are eleven volumes of
plates, and they are very expensive. They require
coloring, and that increases the expense. There
is nothing remarkable in the amount which we j
have spent on this publication. About $50,000 of j
all the money we have expended has gone to the
support of the collection of curiosities brought
back from the South Seas, and deposited in the
patent office. The balance is not at all remarkable
for a work of this kind. Why, sir, I have had
occasion to tell the Senate before, that an edition of
the Encyclopaedia Brittanica, published in Phil-
adelphia, and consisting of twenty-one volumes
no larger than these for which we are now paying,
and by no means so handsomely illustrated, cost
$500,000. Works of this kind are necessarily very
expensive. If you object to this publication be-
cause of the cost, I might remind you that Con-
gress ought to have thought of that before they
ordered the publication. They should not have
embarked in an enterprise of this sort until they
knew what the cost would be. Every man who
would take the trouble to inquire might have as-
certained that it would be an expensive publica-
tion. These works have distinguished all the
great and liberal Governments of the age. I do
not know but that Napoleon has acquired as much
reputation and credit for some of the magnificent
works which he published on Egypt, as for his
victories on the borders of the Nile.
But, sir, I do not mean to be very strenuous in
urging the amendment of the Senator from Flor-
ida, though 1 think it is right and proper that the
Senate should know some reasons which can be
fairly presented in support of his proposition.
We have undertaken the publication of these great
works for some reason, doubtless because we sup-
posed they would be of some value. As the law
now stands they are of no value to the country,
because one half of them ore sent abroad, and the
greater portion of the other half, as I have said,
have been locked up in the State libraries; and all
those which remained on deposit in the Library
of Congress, were consumed by the great iire a
few years ago; so that after we shall have com-
pleted the works, we shall have really spent the
money to comparatively little purpose, unless we
multiply copies. The error was in not ordering
the printing of a greater number of copies at first;
when it could have been done with very little in-
creased expense. Now the estimate which the
Senator from Florida has, shows that this work,
magnificent and beautiful as it is, will cost an av-
erage of about five dollars a volume. It is the
cheapest work of the sort published in any coun-
try. I know the contracts were made by the Com-
mittee on the Library with the greatest care and
circumspection; and I say such a work cannot
be purchased for any such sum in any part of the
world. If the work was of any value, if it was
worth while to order the publication of it origin-
ally, it is worth while now to order the printing
of so large a number as will suffice to distribute it
among the people of the country, and give the
country access to it.
But, sir, gentlemen talk about expense. Do they
know how much money they are spending in the
publication of documents good for nothing but
waste paper? They spend over $100,000 a year
in the publication of the Patent Office Reports.
They have spent how many thousands I know
not, but not very far from &G0.000 or $70,000 in
the publication of a work on Indian antiquities—
the ethnographical work of Professor Schoolcraft;
$70,000 or §80,000 have been spent on a work of
Mr. Gillis in reference to the astronomical expedi-
tion to Chili. We publish every day documents
which nobody reads, and nobody values, costing
us thousands upon thousands of dollars. This
expenditure is not half as extravagant as a great
many others.
Mr. JOHNSON. TheSenator from Maryland
has spoken of the cost of printing the work on
Indian antiquities. I desire to call his attention,
and the attention of the Senate, to the fact that the
present Committee on Printing of the two Houses
have raised their voice against the continuation of
that work, and it has been cut off by law.
Mr. PEARCE. Allow me to say to the Senator
that the law directed it to be stopped before the
committee reported it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not aware of that.
Mr. PEARCE. I know it.
Mr, JOHNSON. I understood the proposition
came from the committee of the House, and I
supported it as a member of the Seriate committee
at the first moment it could be brought forward.
The Senator has also referred to the cost of print-
ing the Patent Office Report. The Committee on
Printing have made many efforts to curtail that
expenditure, but they have not been successful.
Our printing expenses are now enormous, and
beyond all reason. The committee have earnestly
endeavored to reduce them. In doing that, they
have annulled some of the contracts made without
authority of law, by which useless matter is col-
lected for publication for the Patent Oificeand other
reports. Every effort has been made by the Com-
mittee on Printing, on the part of the Senate at
least, to my knowledge, to curtail these expendi-
tures, and, if possible, to bring down the cost of
our public printing to something like a reasonable
amount. But, sir, what limit can be put on it if
we here disregard an existing law of the land,
which provides for the mode of executing all our
public printing? Several resolutions have been
adopted by this body during the present session,
ordering printing without going through the forma
prescribed by the printing law. It is impossible,
when you depart from that law every day, and
put the printing out of the hands of the proper
committee, and beyond the reach of the superin-
tendent of printing, that there can be any system-
atic course adopted to arrest the increase of
expenditures in this department.
Now, we have a proposition presented to us to
have this printing carried on not in accordance
with the present law. You have a law which pro-
vides who shall do your public printing. It pre-
scribes a certain mode of getting the paper, by
contract, at the cheapest price. You have, under
existing laws, an arrangement by which the bind-
ing is to be done; and here let me say that the
expense of binding, and other incidental matters
connected with it, is almost as much as the ex-
pense of the actual printing which is done for
Congress. By this proposition all the safeguards
of the present law are thrown aside, and a special
power is given by which the Committee on the
Library shall have charge of this whole matter.
Now, I ask the Senator from Maryland, the
chairman of that committee, whether they will not
put the superintendence of the publication in the
hands of the party who commanded the expe-
dition ? Is it not the case that it has been confided
hitherto to Captain Wilkes, who, it is said, has
acquired so much distinction by his discoveries
during the cruise of this exploring expedition?
Mr. PEARCE. Captain Wilkes will have no
more authority over it than the Senator from Ar-
kansas, except when he is requested or directed
bjr the Library Committee, to do something they
wish.
Mr. JOHNSON. But would not the Library
Committee feel themselves not only authorized
but justified in consulting with him, and adopting
his views whenever they seem reasonable to them-
selves ?
Mr. PEARCE. There are no views of his to
adopt. The work has been printed. I do not
know what occasion there will be to consult Cap-
tain Wilkes about it at all.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then all that is to be done
is to reprint one thousand copies of these works,
the cost of which, I believe, will be five dollars a
volume. How many volumes are there? Will
the Senator be kind enough to state?
Mr. PEARCE. Twenty-two of text, and eleven
of plates.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Thirty-three altogether.
Mr. JOHNSON. There will then be thirty-
three thousand volumes, which, at five dollars a
volume, will amount to $165,000. Why is it,
when this republication is asked, that the law of
the land, which is good for all other publications
under the authority of Congress, is not good
enough for the works of Mr. Wilkes ? If there
is any reason for this exception, I do not discover
it. You have passed a law providing for the exe-
cution of the public printing according to a certain
system. You have provided that it shall be placed
under the direction and supervision of the Super-
intendent of Printing. You have required that ail
works of this character shall be subjected to cer-
tain legal tests; and now you come forward with
a proposition to except out of that law the publi-
cation of the works of the Wilkes' Exploring
Expedition,and provide that it shall be conducted
in a different manner and not subject to the forma
and guards thrown about other public printing.
I think this is wrong; and 1 therefore give notice
that, whenever an amendment will be m order, I
shall move to amend this proposition by providing
