1110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
contend that we can go behind the record and
refuse to allow them for the withholding of the
property? I say, sir, that having once determ-
ined upon the sum to be allowed as principal, on
what ground will any lawyer stand up in the Sen-
ate and deny to the parties something for the use
of the property ? Certainly if a slave taken in
1813, worth $1,000, was paid for in 1823, you
would not be making indemnification by giving
the owner only the §1,000. That is a self-evident
proposition; and yet the principle involved in this
case was the same in regard to the holders of these
claims, Spanish subjects, not our own citizens,
and therefore we should have made it a point of
honor to deal fairly with them, because the faith
of the Government was pledged. The Spanish
subjects come forward and say " You have paid
the principal, but under a departmental usage,
which refuses interest on claims, you deny us
damages for the use of our property."
Mr. STUART. I desire to appeal to the hon-
orable Senator from Florida to allow the Senate
to take the vote on his proposition. There are
several committees which have not yet been able
to report amendments to this bill. There is no
disposition, as 1 understand, to contest his amend-
ment in argument. I trust he will let the Senate
vote on it.
Mr. MALLORY. I am aware of the import-
ance of the time of the Senate. I feel bound, ho w-
ever,to put this matter as briefly as possible in a
fair point of view before the Senate. There are
reasons governing me in doing so which the Sen-
ator from Michigan may not be aware of.
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senator under-
stands me. 1 mean if he can do so consistently
with his own views of propriety; certainly not
otherwise.
Mr. MALLORY. Of course, sir. The reason
for the departmental usage on the subject of inter-
est, is based upon the presumption that the Gov-
ernment is always ready to pay all just demands
against it, and that the failure of the Government
to pay is m consequence of the ladies of the claim-
ant, and notof the Government. That in this case
is a fiction; and when the philosophy fails, the rule
also fails. Here the Government has uniformly
refused to pay the damages. Although the value
awarded for the use of the property became due at
the time the principal was due, the Government
has uniformly refused to allow it.
Now, sir, l have stated simply the outlines of
these claims. They are known to the Committee
on the Judiciary. I am aware that the members
of that committee have investigated them, and I
shall not detain the Senate longer upon the ques-
tion.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. President, if there has been
any one subject before the Senate at this session
which 1 have thoroughly investigated, and, I think,
thoroughly understood, it is this question. 1 have
had the misfortune, however, to disagree with the
majority of the Committee on the Judiciary in re-
gard to it. 1 am bound to suppose these gentle-
men have investigated it to the full extent that 1
have; and that, from the organization of their
minds, according to the evidence before them, they
have come to different conclusions. For the last
four or five weeks it has been the determination of
the majority of that committee to report against
those claims, and I have, for nearly all that time,
been prepared to make a counter or minority re-
port, the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toomjjs]
uniting with me in it.
Mr. President, I have never seen, in my life, the
evidence which convinced me that one man owed
another five dollars, and ought to pay it, more con-
clusively than I have that this Government owes
this money, and consequently ought to pay it.
Thequestion is briefly this: In 1812—'13 our army
committed depredations in the then Spanish pos-
sessions of East and West Florida. In 1819 we
bought Florida, and annexed it to the United
States, stipulating to pay for it an amount of money
well known to the Senate. We further stipulated
that all those damages, trespasses, and injuries,
should be paid for to the persons, or their repre-
sentatives, who had been so injured and wronged.
"Vv1 e also stipulated in that treaty that theseclaims
should be assessed and determined by " due pro-
cess'of law,"a phrase well known to our own
and to English jurisprudence, having a technical
and cMnite meaning. We stipulated with the
en Bovoreigo of the Pe0Ple of that terat0,7>111
transferring them to our jurisdiction, that we
would adjust those claims by due process of law.
No man can deny that in our own and English
jurisprudence, that simply means by legal adjudi-
cation before the courts of the country. They
were to pay our citizens certain indemnities ac-
cording to the same treaty; but having no term in
their jurisprudence so understood or applicable, or
so interpreted as this term in ours, they did not
stipulate to settle the claims in favor of our citi-
zens by due process of law; but they raised a
commission under the treaty, the only course,
perhaps, known to that Government and many
others. They raised a commission by which the
claims of our citizens were to be settled; but we
were fo settle the claims of their former subjects,
our new citizens, by "due process of law." We
therefore bound ourselves to open the courts of
the country for the investigation of these claims.
We did so in 1823, and again in 1834, by laws
passed to carry out the provisions of the treaty.
We provided that the-courts in Florida should
hear, adjudicate, and determine those claims; but,
unfortunately, (the thing which has given rise to
all this difficulty,) there was a provision that the
Secretary of the Treasury should have a revisory
control over the subject, or words which have been
so construed. This is a provision which I regard
as directly in violation of the terms of the treaty,
and investing the Secretary of the Treasury, if it
is to be construed as some gentlemen understand
it, with judicial power, which cannot be done.
There is no authority in Congress to invest him
with any such power.
But, sir, now let me say to Senators how these
claims are made up. The courts investigated the
claims. A man proved that he lost so many acres
of corn, so many cattle and hogs,so much property
of this kind or the other, taken twenty, eighteen,
or ten years ago. The basis of fixing the liability
of the Government was to estimate, first, by evi-
dence clearly proven, what the property was
worth at the time it was taken, and then to add to
that value five per cent., the legal interest in Florida
at that time, for the number of years payment was
withheld and delayed, making up the aggregate
sum of the value of the property and damages or
interest for its detention or non-payment for the
years withheld.
Now, Mr. President, the question arises, what
is the law, and what is the custom and usage of
nations? I have not time to read and refer to it,
though I should be glad to do so at length. I
should be glad to be able to read the counter report
which I have prepared, at length, to the Senate,
presenting the whole question, out 1 have not time
to do so. Sir, beyond all question, the universal
law of nations is, that, in all such instances, you
pay interest as well as principal. Our own Gov-
ernment has uniformly demanded, and uniformly
recovered it. All nations have demanded and
recovered it. No nation ever did, in my judgment,
submit to a different measure of damages. In
thin case a difficulty is interposed. There was a
quibble raised at first, whether these claims came
within the purview of the provision of the treaty;
but that is admitted now. The Secretary of the
Treasury did reject them entirely, but he paid
what the court found was the original value of the
property taken from the citizen or subject perhaps
twenty years before; but he refused to pay the
whole amount of the finding of the court. Now,
I hold that the finding of the court must neces-
sarily be conclusive upon the subject; that by our
treaty stipulation we cannot vest the power to
decide as to what the claims were within the
treaty, nor what was the amount of damages, but
in the courts, for they were to be investigated and
settled by " due process of law." The courts
have so settled them; they have found that one
man's damages originally, if promptly paid, would
have been fifty dollars, but that the delay caused
a damage of thirty-four dollars more; and, there-
fore, they awarded, adjudged, and decreed him,
by due process of law, eighty-four dollars instead
of fifty dollars. The Secretary turned round and
said "we will pay you only fifty dollars, that
which we ought to have paid twenty years ago."
That is the true state of the case.
Now, sir, this is briefly the question: As stated
by the Senator from Florida, the money is already
appropriated, and the question is, whether we
shall direct the Secretary of the Treasury to carry
out the treaty, and pay the money which is in the
Treasury, and to reverse his notions on this subject ?
That he is in error I cannot entertain a doubt. No
question to my mind is clearer or plainer than that
these claims have been settled by well-established
international law and international jurisprudence;
that they have been, pursuantto treaty, established
by due process of law, in our own courts; and that
nothing remains to us but disgrace if we do not
honestly and honorably pay them.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not mean to enter into
any discussion upon this subject. It is for the
Senate to decide it. The majority of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary did not determine upon it
five weeks ago, as the honorable Senator sup-
poses, for they were prevented from arriving at a
decision at the request of the honorable Senator
himself to postpone and delay it. It is only within
two weeks that it was intrusted to me to draw up
the report of the majority. I was unable to do it
from circumstances which it is not worth while to
trouble the Senate with, except to make a short
report stating the conclusion they have arrived at.
The questions involved are numerous. There are
several legal questions, about which, I have no
doubt, Senators may differ with great propriety.
I hold myself prepared, at the proper time and on
the proper occasion, to vindicate those views which
I entertain in reference to the matter. My only
object now is to say that this claim has been de-
cided against by the majority of the Committee on
the Judiciary; that the same claim, with a favorable
report in the House of Representatives, has been
voted down by a decided majority within ten days;
and in my opinion and belief, independent of the
question of interest which is connected with it,
and other legal questions arising under a treaty,
all of which can come before the court of claims
which we have constituted, and if it is all so clear,
as the honorable Senator from Indiana supposes,
there can be no difficulty at all in obtaining a
decision of that court, and, of course, in conse-
quence of that decision, Congress would order the
money to be paid. I will state, further, that the
Gardiner claim can hardly be pronounced to be a
greater and more atrocious fraud upon the people
of this country, than the mode in which these
claims were ascertained against the people of the
United States.
Mr. MALLORY. I did not intend to say a
word in reply to the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. STUART. I ask the honorable Senator
if he will give way for a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir, I will not give way
for any motion until I have answered the honora-
ble Senator from Delaware. So far as previous
debate in regard to this claim is concerned, I have
nothing to say; but the honorable Senator from
Delaware concluded his observations by saying
that even the Gardiner claim did not disclose such
frauds, if I understood him correctly, as are con-
nected with this. We differ, Mr. President, very
widely. The faith of the Government is pledged,
as I conceive, for these claims; and when the hon-
orable Senator stands up here and makes remarks
of that kind, he adds insult to injury. My own
honor is dear to me, and next to that the honor of
my constituents; and with all courtesy to the
Senate, I say to that gentleman that I cannot sit
here and permit him, or any other gentleman on
this floor, to charge fraud upon them.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator can
permit or not permit, what he pleases. I will
take the liberty, when I think any claim comes
before the Congress of the United States which
has been produced by fraud, to repeat it. If the
honorable Senator supposes that I shall be pre-
vented from doing so, he is entirely mistaken.
Mr. MALLORY. All charges of fraud are
false.
Mr. BAYARD. If the honorable Senator ap-
plies that to me 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason
in the chair.) The Chair cannot allow that sort of
remark to go on any further.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not desire to hold any
improper language here; but when an honorable
Senator rises in his place and charges fraud upon
my constituents, without specifying a single in-
stance of fraud, I cannot but repel it. Sir, the
people of Florida stood before your own tribunals,
your judges, and their cases were sifted, not by
ex parte testimony, not in an ex parte manner, but
they were sifted by the judges themselves. The
testimony was Bent here and it was sifted over
