1114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
to the Treasury. Why, Mr. President, the rea-
son is very obvious, that the amount was small.
The Secretary had decided that the claims for
losses sustained in 1S12-M3 were not embraced
by the treaty; and until Congress, in 1834, by
overruling the decision of the Treasury Depart-
ment, and giving a legislative construction to the
treaty, the claimants had no means of having their
claims adjudicated. Then why should the honor-
able Senator, at this remote period, go into an
argument upon the meaning and interpretation of
the treaty^ Congress, a little upwards of twenty
years ago, solemnly decided that the claims of
1812—'13 were embraced by the treaty; therefore,
1 say my friend from South Carolina is traveling
out of and behind the record.
I am well aware, sir, that at this late hour of
the night it is impossible for such a question as
this to be discussed as it should be.
Mr. SEWARD. With the consentof the hon-
orable Senator, i move an adjournment.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not; we ought to try
to get this bill through to night.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 14, noes 18.
Mr. MORTON. When I gave way to my
friend from New York to move an adjournment, 1
had asked why the honorable Senator from South
Carolina brought into this discussion the meaning
and interpretation of this treaty? I repeat the
question, sir, why should the construction of the
treaty be now brought in review? Did not
Congress, by the act of June 26, 1834, decide that
their losses were embraced by the terms of the
treaty, and direct and authorize the judiciary of
Florida to adjudicate them ?
Then, Mr. President, the requisitions and stip-
ulations of the treaty have oriiy been m part
complied with. Congress established the tribunal
before which the claimants, by " process of law,"
established their losses. The Secretaries of the
Treasury, from Mr. Woodbury down, have rati-
fied the decisions by paying the principal, and
have refused to pay the five per centum interest
which was awarded by the judge as a part of the
losses sustained by the claimants. Congress is
now called to discharge in full the obligations of
a solemn treaty which is the supreme law of the
land.
My friend from South Carolina, Mr. President,
complains that the Senators from Florida have
brought this claim forward at this late hour of the
night. Whose fault is that ? I ask the honorable
Senator whose fault is it that this claim has come
up at so late an hour? Was not the matter re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, of which
that Senator is chairman ? Has that committee
ever reported upon theclaim ? What other coursc,
then, could the Senators from Florida adopt but j
to endeavor to embrace m the civil and diplomatic
bill the direction to pay these claims? I
Mr. BUTLER. My friend is right. I never <
will do injustice. Three weeks ago we ordered
the report to be prepared; but it has been delayed ; \
and the fact is, I attribute it to what my friend
from Delaware does not think I know of him: that
he will never trust himself to anything that he
does not do much better than anybody else, and
he was afraid to trust himself with this until this |
time. [Laughter.] The subject was committed
to him three weeks ago, or perhaps four weeks
ago; I think he will say that much.
Air. BAYARD. This matter is of very little
moment, of course. The Senator desired that I
should make a report four weeks ago: but the
committee were divided in opinion, and the ulti-
mate expression of opinion had not been given.
I told him I was unwilling to take the labor of
drafting such a report as 1 thought ought to be
made, with the other duties that devolved upon
me, until the committee should make a formal
decision. My recollection is, that three weeks
ago last Wednesday, when we desired to have a
final decision, the honorable Senator from Indiana
desired us not to act upon it, but postpone it.
Mr. PETTIT. 1 will state my recollection of it.
Mr. BAYARL'. I will go on with what I have
to say, and then the honorable Senator can make j
his statement. Two weeks ago we did decide. !
Two weeks ago last Wednesday the committee \
authorized me to make a report. There are cir- ,
cumstances, with which it is not worth while to i
trouble the Senate, which have delayed it. It |
would be a very laborious thing to write. I would i
not undertake to write it without reading a good
deal. An individual might express himself freely
in an oral argument on a question, but when he
comes to write out a report on a very important
matter, he would desire to refer to his authorities.
I had no opportunity or time to consult them with
the pressure of other business which has been
upon me. I therefore put it off from day to day.
That, with other things, with which, I say, it is
not worth while to trouble the. Senate, prevented
me from drawing up the report. It was, how-
ever, only two weeks ago, according to my own
distinct recollection, that I was authorized by the
committee to draw it up.
Mr. BUTLEE. [ believe the Senator is right.
Mr. GEYER. This report was agreed upon
two weeks ago, I think. I, being one of the
majority of the committee, was importuned by
persons whom I supposed to be interested, to ask
a postponement of it; and I did so. It was their
desire that we should not make a report at this
session at all.
Mr. MORTON. This involves the question
which I intended to put. What was the cause of
the committee not having made the report? My
friend from South Carolina asks the question,
emphatically, why this subject was thrust upon
the attention of the Senate at this late hour of the
night; and he forewarned us, also, that it should
not pass without a free and full discussion upon
his part. 1 thought it was due to myself, sir, and
due to the State that I represent, that I should
present the fact to the notice of the country that
the Senators from Florida had not whereon to act,
that they were waiting for a report from the
Judiciary Committee of a bill, or something in a
tangibleand substantial form, on which they could
act. What caused the delay of the committee 1
know not, nor is it necessary for my purpose that
I should know.
Mr. PETTIT. Will my friend allow me to
make a statement ?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. PETTIT. I had been absent from the
city for a month, having left on the 20th day of j
December and returned on the 20th of January, j
At the first meeting of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, after I returned, I was told that this thing
was settled and determined, that the majority had
agreed upon a report against it. I learned that the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] one of my
colleagues on the committee, agreed with me that
the claims ought to be paid—that there was a legal
obligation upon the Government to pay them.
Then it was that I asked, once or twice, that the
report should be delayed until that Senator came
here, in order that he might join with me in a mi-
nority report. But that was over and done long
ago; and we have been looking for weeks past for
the report from the majority. 1 prepared, as I
have said, with a good deal of labor, a minority
report of considerable length; and I was abso-
lutely told that it was not in order, and that I
would not be allowed to present a report from the
minority of the committee. I replied to that, that
I would print it at my own expense, and would
be quite willing to let the two arguments go together;
but, now, at this late day, no report has been pre- i|
pared by the majority of the committee. ||
Mr. BUTLER. I never will allow anything to jj
go forth to the public that is not exactly correct, j
if my statement will make it correct. When the j!
honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr. Pettit] :!
returned, he asked what had been the decision of
the committee. I am not sure, however, whether
he asked; perhaps I told him. It was one or the
other. The question was, what had been the de-
cision of the committee on the Florida claims? I
told him that the majority wereagainst theclaims,
and against the report of the House of Repre-
sentatives. I said toliim, it is due to the commit- ]'
tee that we should make a report promptly. The ;i
honorable Senator from Indiana said, I hope you j!
will wait until the Senator from Georgia [Mr. !i
Toombs] returns. I said, certainly. It was un- ij
derstood by the committee that the Senator from i
Georgia would not be likely to be here before the
close of the session; and then the Senator from '
Delaware was requested to make the report.
Well, sir, he was too proud, with his bright intel-
lect, and wanted to do it so well, that nobody else
could question it. [Laughter.] And finally no '
report was made to the Senate. That was the : |
fact. :
Mr. BAYARD addressed the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr, Weller
in the chair.) The Senator from Florida is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. MORTON. My object in referring to the
remark made by the Senator from South Carolina
was to remove any impression that might be made
upon the Senate, that the Senators from Florida
were disposed to thrust this matter before the Sen-
ate, and through the Senate, without full discus-
sion. If that impression exists upon the mind of
any Senator, it is not founded on fact; for all that
the Senators from Florida, or those who advocated
the claim upon this floor, desired, was free and
full discussion, and a full understanding by Sen-
ators of the entire question. I shall not, Mr. Pres-
ident, further detain the Senate with any pro-
tracted remarks upon the question. I leave the
discussion of the legal questions involved to those
who, from the nature of their profession, are better
qualified than myself to discuss them; but 1 will,
in conclusion, sir,say that these claims of Florida
have been established by due "process of law,"
that they have been adjudicated by your courts,
and, so far as the principle is concerned, have been
approved by every Secretary of the Treasury be-
fore whose revision they have passed; and I have
never heard from a representative of the United
States before the courts, any charge or allegation
of fraud. No such allegation has ever been made
before the courts; no such allegation has ever been
made before the Secretaries of the Treasury, and
none has ever been made before, as I am aware,
in the Senate of the United States.
I will say nothing further in reply to the remark
of the Senator from Delaware. I think it would
have been in better taste and better subserved the
purposes of justice if he had withheld the remark
that these claims were as fraudulent as the Gardi-
ner claims, until he had presented the evidence of
fraud to the Senate, until his committee had made
a report and brought that fraud to the notice of
the Senate and of the country. I say that the
Senator should not have indulged in that remark,
with all deference to him I say it, until an expose
of the fraud had been made by his committee to
the Senate. No allegation of fraud of this char-
acter was made before the courts that I am aware
of. Nothing of the kind was attempted before the
Secretary of the Treasury, before whose revision
the decisions of the court passed; and then, I say
in the Senate of the United States, such fraud
ought not to be charged against my constituents
unless that charge was supported by evidence.
No evidence has been adduced here or elsewhere
to this day or hour to sustain such an allegation.
enrolled bills signed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills and joint resolution to which
the Speaker had previously affixed his signature:
. A bill in addition to certain acts granting bounty
land to certain officers and soldiers who have been
engaged in the military service of the United
States;
A bill for the relief Mrs. Nancy Weatherford,
widow of Colonel William Weatherford, of the
first regiment Illinois volunteers in the Mexican
war;
A bill making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1856, and for other purposes;
A bill for the relief of James Holstin;
A bill making appropriations for the support of
the Military Academy for the year ending June
30,1856;
A bill allowing the further time of two years to
those holding lands by entries in the Virginia mil-
itary district in Ohio, which were made prior to
the 1st of January, 1852, to have the same sur-
veyed and patented;
A bill to amend an act approved the 4th of
August, 1854, entitled " An act to graduate and
reduce the price of the public lands to actual set-
tlers and cultivators;"
A bill for carrying into effect the convention
upon the subject of claims between the United
States and her Britannic Majesty of the 8th of
February, 1853; and
A joint resolution for the relief of Clarlf Mills.
message from the house.
A message was received from th« House ef
