1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1115
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that they had passed a bill to provide
accommodations for the United States courts in
the city of Jackson, Mississippi.
Also, that they had passed Senate bill for the
relief of Madelina Van Ness, widow of Cornelius
Van Ness, deceased.
IOWA LAND DISTRICTS.
The message also announced that they had
passed the bill of the Senate to change the bound-
aries of the land districts in the State of Iowa, and
for other purposes, with an amendment.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, theSenate
concurred m the amendment.
Mr. DAWSON, (at five minutes past twelve
o'clock.) I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BROWN. I ask my friend from Georgia
to withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. DAWSON. I cannot; my friend must
excuse me.
Mr. BROWN. A bill has come from the
House in which my State is interested, that I
should like to have passed.
Mr. DAWSON. Will you renew the motion?
Mr. BROWN. I will. I ask the Senate to
take up House bill 857.
COURTS IN MISSISSIPPI.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there beno
objection the bill indicated by the Senator to pro-
vide accommodations for the United States courts
in the city of Jackson, Mississippi, will be taken
up. The bill is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. ADAMS. It is the onlyappropriation my
State has asked for during the wliole Congress,
and it is theonly one it will ask for.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. BROWN. In pursuance of my promise
to my friend from Georgia, I move that theSenate
adjourn, and, with his permission, I will add that
it be to meet at ten o'clock to-morrow morning.
We had better save an hour.
Mr. HUNTER, I hope the motions will be
put separately. Put the question first on meet-
ing at ten o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the motion that the Senate do now ad-
journ until ten o'clock to-morrow will be enter-
tained.
Mr. HUNTER. I object to an adjournment
now. 1 am willing to fix the hour of meeting.
Mr. DAWSON. I want to make a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. STUART. I will cut off the discussion
by objecting to changing' the time of meeting.
The PR ESI DING OFFICER. Then theques-
tion is the adjournment simply.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it. I wish to get through with the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill to-night.
The yeas and nays were ordered and taken.
rending the announcement of the result,
Mr. RUSK said: I hope the Senate will agree,
by unanimous consent, to meet at ten o'clock to-
morrow morning.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That can be
done only by unanimous consent.
Mr. STUART. I agree to it, if there is to be
no talking about it.
By unanimous consent the order was made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER announced the
result of the call of the yeas and nays yeas 22,
nays 22; as follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Brainerd, Brodhead, Butler,
Cooper, Ilawson.Evais. Fitzpatrick, Foot, Geyer, Gillette,
James, Jones of [owa, Pearce, Prau, Sebastian, beward.
Smart, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, VVaae, and
\Vri"ht—22.
NAys—Messrs Adams, Bad.jer, Bayard, Bright, Brown,
Gwin, Ilnu^ton, Hunter, Mallory, Mason, Morton, Peltit,
Rusk, SlnelJs, Slidel), Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs,
Toucey, Walker, Weller, Wells, and Wilson—2-2.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] addressed the Chair before
the result was announced.
Mr. WILSON. I wished to change my vote;
but I suppose it is too late now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
refuses to adjourn.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the civil and diplo-
matic approprialion bill.
Mr. COOPER. I desire to say a few words
on the subject of the amendment now pending
in relation to the Florida claims. 1 think, Mr.
President, that this will be a plain question when
the facts are once understood. I will make a brief
statement of those facts before I proceed to give
my reasons why the interest which is proposed
by the amendment to be paid, should be allowed.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Senator give way
to a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. COOPER. I will.
Mr. SEWARD. I submit the motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
at twenty minutes past twelve o'clock, p. m.,
adjourned until to-morrow at ten o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, JWarcli 3, 1855.
The Senate met at ten o'clock, a. m.
Prayer by Rev. FIenky Slicer.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, the reading of
the Journal was dispensed with.
W. IRVING.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I beg to throw
myself on the indulgence of the Senate, and ask
from them, probably, nay, I may say almost cer-
tainly, the last favor I shall eve'r ask here. Some
days ago I thoughtlessly, and perhaps wantonly,
objected to the consideration of a small bill, which
I find is one of great merit. It waa passed with
great unanimity in the House of Representatives.
It is to appropriate a small sum of money to ihe
widow of a gentleman by the name of Irving, for
his compensation while he was Acting Superin-
tendent of the Census. 1 appeal to the Senate, in
order to relieve my mind from the sense of having
thoughtlessly done injustice, to take up that bill
and pass it this morning.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. Its object is to direct the payment of $466 67
to Sarah Irving, for the services rendered by her
husband as Acting Superintendent of the Census.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred ihe
resolution from the House of Representatives for
the final adjustment of the account of John D.
Colmesnil, reported it without amendment.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives to establish Columbus,
in the State of Mississippi, Chattanooga, in the
State of Tennessee, and Hickman, in the State of
Kentucky, ports of delivery, reported it back
without amendment.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, an addi-
tional member of the Committee on Enrolled Bills
was authorized to be appointed; and Mr. Wright
was designated.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to ask the Senate by
unanimous consent now to take up the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill, and to lay aside the
contested amendment of the Senator from Florida,
and go on with some amendments from commit-
tees, which will give rise to no debate, and we can
be acting on them until there is a fuller attendance
to decide contested amendments. I am induced to
ask this, because I fear if we cannot get this bill
through by twelve o'clock to-day, we shall either
lose the bill or our amendments. ["Agreed!"
" Agreed!"]
Mr. FOOT. I ask the Senate to take up the
joint resolution for the relief of Alfred G. Benson.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I hope the
Senator from Virginia will withdraw his motion
for the present.
Mr. HUNTER. If I withdraw it, I may just
as weil give it up and abandon the bill at once. I
have done my best to get on with it.
The motion of Mr. Hunter was agreed to; and
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill from the House
of Representatives making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of Government, and
for other purposes, for the year ending June 30,
1856.
The PRESIDENT. The unfinished business
of yesterday is the amendment of the Senator
from Florida, [Mr. Mallory.]
Mr. MA LLORY. On the appeal of the Senator
from Virginia, 1 must consent, of course, to allOJfr
the amendment to be laid aside for- the present;
and I ask the Senator from Virginia, when the
committees shall be through with reports of un-
contested amendments, to call up this.
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly; this can be acted
on then.
Mr. STUART. I have some amendments to
offer from the Committee on Commerce. The
first is simply to change the location of a collector
of the customs in Texas, from one point to another.
It is as an additional section:
Jlnd be it further cimctH, That Franklin, in the collec-
tion district of Paso del Norte. b<-, arid the bame is hereby,
made the port of entry lor said district, instead of Frontera,
and ihe collector shall reside thereat.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I also offer, from the same
committee, an amendment for furnishing the new
custom-house at Hangor, Maine, which is recom-
mended by the Department. It is, in the Becond
section, under the heading " custom-houses," to
inset!:
For furnishing the custom-house, post office, and United
States com t room at Bangor, Maine, $1,500 for each,making
$4,r>00; the approprialion lor ihe custom-houge to he ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury;
that ior the post office under the Postmaster Genera!; that
fur the court-room under the Secretary of the Interior.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. The next amendment of the
Committee on Commerce is to provide for the
construction of two or three light-houses, which
are recommended by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and by the Light-House Board.
The amendment is to insert, under the heading
"light-house establishment," in the first section:
For the building of a light-house on the Government
reservation at Minnesota Point, near the h«ad of Lake
Superior, in the Territory of Minnesota, $15,000. And for
the construction of two li^ht-houses in California, one at
Crescent Citv,andone at Trinity Bay,$15,000 oach, should
the Secretary of the Treasury decide that such light-houses
are necessary, after proper examinations and surveys.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. 1 now offer, from the same
committee, an amendment simply authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to regulate the pay of
light-house keepers, without increasing the gen-
eral amount:
And be it further enacted, That from and after the first
day of July next, the Secretaiy of the Treasury be, and he
is hereby, authorized and empowered to regulate and fix
the salaries of the respect.ve keepers of light houses in riich
manner as he shall deem just and proper: Provided, The
whole sum allowed shall not exceed an average of $500
to each keeper.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I offer now an amendment
simply to provide for taking care of sick and dis-
abled seamen at the port of Havana, with an ex-
press provision that no erection of buildings is to
be had there.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that will not be pressed.
I do not think it is right. I do not wish to debate
it, however; 1 cannot do so, knowing the state of
the public business and the value of time.
Mr. STUART. I do not want to debate it, but
I wish to say to the Senate that there is collected
of these men $130,215. There is a letter from the
consul at Havana, showing the importance of it.
It is recommended by the Department. The
amendment is:
And be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for the
President of the United States to cause such measures to
be taken as, in his opinion, may be expedient for providing
convenient accommodations, medical attendance, neces-
sary assistance and supplies for the relief of the sick and
disabled seamen of the United States who may heat or
' near the port of Havana, Cuba, m case the same can be
! done with the assent of the Government having jurisdiction
! over said port; and, for this purpose, to establish rrgula-
■ tions, and authorize the employment of such persons as he
i may judge proper. And for defraying the expenses thereof,
I a sum not exceeding $10,000 be, and the same is hereby,
; appropnated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
j wis-e appropriated : Provided, That no building phall be
erected or purchased under the provisions of tills section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. At the last session, Congress
