1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1119
transportation of the mails between Vera Cruz and San
Francisco, by Acapulco ; and that the amount so ascer-
tained be paid to the said Carmick & Ramsey out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I have an amendment to offer from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
to insert the following additional section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$15,UO0 be appropriated towards the erection and compie- 1
tion of a court bouse in the town of Exeter, county of
Rockingham, State of New Hampshire: Provided, That |
the other parties in interest in the said court house appro- ]
priaie atleast an equal sum to tile said purpose: And pro-
vided further, That the authorities of said county of Rock- 1
lngham having control thereof, execute in writing, and j
deliver to the clerk of the district court of the United States
for the district of New Hampshire, a sealed license granting
to said courts of ihe United States the perpetual u>e of said
court house lor United States court purposes, free of rent
or other charge.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. Amendments will be re-
ceived from the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. DAWSON. I am authorized by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to move to
strike out the word " chaplain," in the clause
appropriating for the compensation of the officers
of the penitentiary of this District. The object is
to give the chaplain $500. His salary at present
is but $250. The amendment is to strike out the
word <4 chaplain" where it occurs, and to add at
the end of the clause, " and the annual compensa-
tion of the chaplain of the penitentiary shall be
$500, to commence from the present fiscal year."
The amendment was agreed* to.
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to offer this
amendment:
For repairs of the Potomac, navy-yard, and upper bridges,
and to refund to the Commissioner of Public Buildings
$3.0<;0 advanced to him by the Corpora'ion of Washington
in 1853, and expended on the Potomac bridge, $-10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I desire now to offer an amend-
ment, from the Committee on Foreign Relations,
of the same class with the consuls who were pro-
vided for last night, it is to insert after the clause
providing for office-rent of the consul at Basle:
For office-rent of the commercial agent at St. Martin,
from the 12th November, 1852. to the end of the present (
fiscal year, at the rate of $100 per annum, $283 33 ; the j
same to be allowed because of unexpected losses sustained
at said consulate.
The amendment was agreed to.
ThePRESlDENT. Amendments are in order
from the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
Mr. JAMES. I am instructed by that com-
mittee to move this amendment, to come in after
the clause appropriating for the contingent ex-
penses of the eastern wing of the Patent Office
Building:
For the reimbursement of the Patent Office fund for
moneys heretofore paid out by appropriations of acts of
Congress for :*eeds and the collection of agricultural statis-
tics, §40.078 78, to be paid out of any money m the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
I hold in my hand a certificate from the proper
officer, showing that this amount has been taken
from the Patent fund.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JAMES. I offer the following as an addi-
tional section from the same committee:
See.—. And he it further enacted, That when any judge,
before whom an appeal from the decision of the Commis-
sioner is now or &.hall hereafter be pending, shall, from any
cause, be unable to hear and determine the same with rea-
sonable promptness the Commissioner of Patents may
require the appelant to select one of the other judges, to
whom the cis-.; thai I be transferred, and if, within areason-
able time to be fixed by tlie Commissioner, such selection
is not made, the appeal shall be dismissed.
The object of this amendment is apparent on its
face without any explanation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JAMES. I have another amendment, as
an additional section, from the same committee:
Sec. —. And hextfurther enacted, That the right to file
caveats, and to apply for and receive patents, thai! be en-
joyed heientter equally, and upon the payment of the same
fees, by citizens ot the United States and citizens or sub-
jects of any foreign State or Power, under the laws and
regulations of which citizens of the United States are. or
may hereatter become, entitled to equal privileges in these
respects with the said subjects or citizens.
Mr. BROWN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding, at the end of it, the following:
And that it shall be the right hereafter of any person ap-
plying for a patent, to withdraw or abandon his application
at any time before the same shall be finally acted on by the
Commissioner of Patents, and receive back twenty dollars
of ihe thirty dollars required to be tited on applications for
patents, any law, usage, or custom to ihe contrary notwith-
standing.
Mr. JAMES. I hope that provision will not be
agreed to. It is intended to have a revision of the
whole patent system.
Mr. BROWN. I will explain it.
Mr. HUNTER. Allow me to suggest to the
Senate that by inserting such provisions they are
putting general legislation on this bill.
Mr. BROWN. They are putting it on without
my amendment.
Mr. COOPER. Both ought to be voted down.
Mr. JAMES. The amendment which I have
offered is necessary, for this reason: I hold in my
hand a bill entitled " An act for the projection of
British and American manufactures, arts, and
sciences,99 which has been introduced into the
Canadian Parliament, the object of which is to put
American citizens upon the same footing in regard
to patents, with British subjects in Canada. If
this provision be adopted, there is no doubt that
that bill will immediately be passed by the Cana-
dian Parliament, and that is the reason I have
offered this clause.
Mr. COOPER. I concur with the Senator from
Virginia that this is general legislation, and I do
not think we should add it to this bill.
Mr. HUNTER. If we are to be adding such
matters, how can we ever expect to pass the bill?
Mr. JAMES. To save discussion I withdraw
my amendment.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment to the
amendment follows it.
Mr. JAMES. I am further directed by the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office to
offer this amendment:
Sec   Jlnd be it further enacted, That the first assistant
examiners m the Patent Office shall be rated as of the
fourth class of clerks, and the several assistant examiners,
machinist, and librarian as of the third class.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JAMES. I have another amendment,
from the same committtee:
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That the salary of the
Commissioner of Patents shall be the sum of $4,500 per
annum, and the salary of the chief clerk shall be the s< me
as that of ihe principal examiner.
Mr. WELLER. What is the Commissioner's
salary now?
Mr. JAMES. Three thousand dollars.
Mr. BROWN. It is wrong to be increasing
salaries in this way.
Mr. HUNTER. We cannot take one of these
heads of bureaus without taking all.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. JAMES. I have only one more amend-
ment from the same committee:
For compensation of those who have been employed to
perform the duties of principal examiners and assistant
examiners of patents in the Patent Office, at salaries fixed
by law for these grades respectively, lur the time they shall
perform or shnll have performed these duties, $14,850, or
so much thereof as may be necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I overlooked an amendment from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
when that committee was called. 1 offer it now
as an additional section:
Sec. —. Jind be it further enac*ed, That the Postmaster
Geneial be, and he is hereby, authorized and required so
to construe the act of ConsiebS, approved 27th July, 3854,
tor the relief of James M. Go^gin, late special agent of the
Post Office .Department in California, as that he shall be
paid the same salary for the time he acted as such agent as
i«i now pawl to his successorm office under the present law,
and nl«o the amounts for office lent and clerk hire which
may be shown by proper vouchers to liave been actually
paid by him for the same.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ."JOHNSON. I overlooked an amendment
of the Committee on Public Lands which I ought
to have presented when that committee was called.
It is to insert at the end of the appropriations for
surveyors general and their clerks:
That there be paid to the surveyor seneral of Washington
Territory and the officers employed" under him, the same
amount of compensation as is allowed to the surveyor
! general of New Mexico and the officers employed uuder
him.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASS. At this point I desire to suggest
that it would be very desirable for us to know
what we are voting upon. It seems to me that this
bill now is a general revision of salaries. It is a
very ruinous state of things. We are voting upon
subjects which we do not consider and about
which we know nothing. AM we get is the favor-
able report of a committee, without an explanation.
It is a very vicious kind of legislation.
The PRESIDENT. The next committee is
the Committee on Retrenchment.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 am instructed by that com-
mittee to offer this amendment as an additional •
section:
Sec. —. Jlnd be if further enacted, That the act of August
4, 1854, making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the year ending 30th June, 1855, is hereby
amended in section six so as to allow the laborers then per-
forming messengers' duty, in whole or in part, the same com-
pensation they were enutlui to before the passage of the said
act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. Amendments will be re-
ceived from the Committee on Territories.
Mr. COOPER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Territories to offer this amendment, to
which I presume there will be no objection:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury of the United State* be,
and they are hereby, authorized and required to credit the
secretary of the Territory of Minnesota, in the settfeinentof
liis accounts, with the sum of §885, the amount paid by the
said secretary for collating, indexing, and superintending
the printing of the statutes of said Territory for the years
1849, 1851, 1852, and 1853; and lor arranging, indexing, and
in part reporting the decisions of the supreme court ot said
Territory, under a joint resolution of the Legislative As-
sembly of said Territory passed in the year 1353.
The amendment was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHIELDS. I desire to make a report from
a committee of conference, if it be in order.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will receive
the report.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the amendments to the billofthe House of Rep-
resentatives makingappropriationsfor the support
of the Army for the year ending the 30th of June,
1856, reported that, having met, after full and free
conference, they agreed to recommend to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their sixth, fourteenth, fif-
teenth, seventeenth aud twentieth amendments disagreed
to by the House.
That the House agree to the thirteenth amendment of the
Senate, with the following amendments: In line eight, after
the word " property," insert ''of American citizens m
line twelve, alter u property," u\sert <k of American citi-
zens;" inline twenty-five, after the word {'each," insert
" during the time of their service m California;" in line
thirty seven, after the word " board," insert u not exceed-
ing the usual mileage of an officer going to and returning
from California;" m line thirty-eight, after the word
"member," insert u foe necessary traveling m Califor-
nia "
At the end of this amendment add the following:
Provided, however, That the said board shall not con-
tinue its service exceeding one year : Jlnd provided further,
That it shall be lawful lor the President of the United Stales
alone, to appoint such of the commissioned officers author-
ized by this act, below the grade of field officer, as may not
be appointed during the present session, as in the case of
vacancies occuring during the recens of Congress.
The amendments from which the committee
recommend that the Senate recede are as follows:
Sixth amendment:
For surveys for military defenses of the sea and inland
frontier, $15,000.
Fourteenth amendment:
See. 3. And be it further enacted, That the provision? of
an act entitled '• An actfor the payment of the civil officers
employed in the Territory of New Mexico while under
military government," appioved July 17, 18o4, be, and the
same are hereby, extended to embrace the ease of Lieu-
tenant Colonel J. M. Washington, deceased, late of the
Army, for and during the period of his appointment and
service as tnthliiry Governor of Nuw Mexico, ex officio
superintendent of Indi in affairs, and commander of the
troops pnor to the formation ot the civil government.
Fifteenth amendment:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$'30,000 be, and the same n heieby, appropriated, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the War Department in the
purchase and importation of camels and diomedaries to be
employed for military purposes.
Seventeenth amendment:
Sec. 6. Jlnd be if further enrcted, That the same allow-
ance, in lespect of ration's, be hereafter mad3  o the mili-
tary commandant of the Schuylkill arsenal m the quarter-
master's department, to the commandants of the arse-
nals m the ordnance department.
Twentieth amendment:
Sec. 9. And be it farther enacted, That the Governors
of the several States and Territories be, and Uiey are hereby,
