1122
THE CONGRESSONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
rect an error which occurred at the last session by
the omission to include, in the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, a provision which was agreed
to, fur the increase of the salaries of the clerks at
the New Orleans Mint from $1,500 to $] ,800. The
chairman of the Committee on Finance deems the ;
proposition a just one and makes no objection.
My amendment is:
Sec.—. Jind be it farther enacted, Thatthesever>th ac-
tion of the act of the 18th of Januaiy, 1837. entitled u An
act supplementary fu an act establishing the Mini and regu-
lating the coins of the United States," be so amended in- l>
extend the allowance for the annual salary of Hie elrrks m
the branch Mint of the United States at New Orleans to
$1,800 per annum, after the 1st day of July, 18."4, at the dis-
cretion of the officers authorized by law to appoint with ihe
approbation of the President of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLAYTON. I desire to make one more
appeal to the Senate in a case which demands
earnest consideration from every Senator here. 1
desire to make the appeal for the sake of human-
ity. Alfred G. Benson, to whose case I called
attention a few days aao, is now in the hands of
the sheriff. I do not ask the Senate to dccide
whether his claim be right or wrong, but i do
entreat them, in the name of justice, to permit the
Secretary ofState,orsomeothertribunal, to decide
whether anything is due to him or not. Merely
with that purpose, as the Secretary of State is in
possession of the necessary information, i propose
this amendment to the bill:
—. Jind be it further enacted, That the Seeretar_v of
State be, and he is hereby, authorized to adjust and s  t'ic,
upon the principles of equity and jusuce, the claim "t Al-
fred G. Benson for damages and looses sustained by him in
consequence of the withdrawal of protection from the ve^seN
winch wi're engaped and chartered by him previous to the
2oih of August, I8j2, to tako^uano from uu* Ulandr*
under the assurance of protection given by the r.xmiv.r
Department; Provided, That nothing shall be al.owd if,
in die opinion of the Secretary of Stale, nothing is due.
It does not appropriate one dollar in money. It
gives the man a tribunal in the last hoin—it is
all I can do for him,—a tribunal to decide bin case;
and I entreat the Senate to suffer it to go on this
bill.
Mr. MASON. I cannot agree, as far as I am
concerned, to the adoption of this amendment.
The claim ie one alleged to exist against the Gov-
ernment, either as an obligation or m equity, be- \
cause of a misapprehension or construction by j
the late Secretary of State, of a question pro- j
pounded to him by the claimant; that ia to sa> , aw j
to the title to the Lobos Islands. Now the prep- j
osition is, that we shall delegate to the present i
Secretary of State the right to determine whether |
the Government is under an obligation to pa)—a. i
right which I cannot agree to delegate to ony Sec-
retary of State, because it rtsidea with Con^ieat, :
and ought to remain here.
Mr CLAYTON. There is no other remedy
or relief for the man. You refuse to hear him;
you refuse to consider las case, lie is ruined by
the oppression of the Government, and lie ia novv
in the hands of the sheriff, and you will not open
any tribunal whatever to hear and decide upon
his claim. I insist upon it that this amendment
ought to be added to the bill.
Mr. SLIDELL called for the reading of the
amendment, and it was again read.
Mr. EVANS. I object to it, because it is a
private claim.
Mr. CLAYTON. The amendment does nut
appropriate any money.
The PUESI DENT. The Chair decides that it
is in order under the practice of the Senate.
Mr. SLIDELL. The amendment is in the
terms in which {.supposed it to be. It assumes all
the facts and recognizes the existence of some obli-
gation on the part of the United States.
Mr. CLAYTON. 1 beg the gentleman's par-
don. The proviso which I have inserted at the
end of the amendment provides that nothing sh: .Il
be allowed if, in the opinion of the Secretary of
State, nothing is due.
Mr. SLIDELL. I know that; but the first part
assumes that something is due. I have gtvt?)
some attention to this case, and 1 am clearly of
opinion that this .^emlemtn has no claim on the
Tj.med States at ail. I ooiwJer it one of thoso
caaes peculiarly adapted for the consideration and
decision of the court of claims which we have
created. 1 hope the amendment will not be
adoptee!.
Mr. I mast ask the yeas and nays
upon it, for it is a most important matter, in ray
opinion, as a precedent.
The ye.-is and nays were ordered.
Mr, BADGER. I merely wish to say, as my
fiiend from Louisiana suggests that this case
should go to the court of claims, that, in the nature
| of the caee, it is not a demand that can go before
j that court. That court is not vested with any
j jurisdiction to consider it. It was not intended to
I cor.ier such authority. It would be dangerous if
j they should have it. The proposed amendment
| commits the Government to nothing:, but, in the
' emergency, authorizes the Secretary of State, an
! ofiicer of the Government, to ascertain the case
that we may know what the stale of the facte is.
That is all.
Mr. CLAYTON. That is all.
Mr. BUODHEAD. I am against putting this
claim on tms bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 27; as follows:
YI'A^— MesHs . Badger, Bell, Brainerd, Brown, Clay-
ton, Cooper, Douglas, Fessenden, Foot, Oyer, Houston,
Motion, Point, s^nield?, Thompson of Kentucky, Walker,
VVellej. and Wilson—ltf.
V\Yri—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Brodhead, But-
ler, Cl.iy, Dawson, U« d o of Wueonstn, Evan.*, Fil&pat-
Ncic, Gwin. Hunter, James Jones of Iowa, Jont's of Ten-
iM's-fee, Mullory, Mason, Pearce, Pratt, Kiit-k, Sebastian,
sMiih ll, S uart, csumuei,Thompson oi New Jer&ey,Toombs-,
and Wudt —27,
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. VVELLER. I now ask leave to submit
an amendment, to which, I hope, there will be no
objection:
j' S>:< . —, Jind be It further enacted f That the fees and
j, compensation allow ai to the marshal* of the Unit* d States,
i, m t!i*> ropt etive Mstnefs, shall heieatter be ihe caiuc which
i: nuiv be a;l"\vul to U,< t-horillV und< r Mute Jaws im Siinihu
- pen lees : Provided, This ahull not be construed to diminish
!l the pM"-ent iecr  ailowed.
j M r. I \ CTNTER. Is not this general legislation?
;! Mr. WELLER. No more general* than is
j1 almu'y in the bill. It was adopted by the Senate
lust } ear as an amendment, to the same bill, but
'i did not bccome a law.
i The amendment was agreed to.
; Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I offer an amendment
! which hr.n btsen before the Committee on Finance,
to give the citing Governor of the Territory of
NetT^sk'i the.\itne pay which tns Governor would
have had if then-, it js recommended by the
Department, and has been agreed to by the Com-
mittee on [Nuance.
Mr. HUNTER. It has never been agreed to
by the Committee on b'ujance to my knowledge.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The Senater himself
told me m>.
Mr HUNTER. It must be a mistake; I have
no recollection of it.
i Mr. JONES, of lov/a. The Senator told me
' to oiler it. *
Mr. MCJNTER. I may have told the Senator
to {'for it.
i Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The amendment ih:
'I'.'uit tin: accounting officers of The Treasury are hereby
' to iihow to the «ecie:ary of tb : Territory of
Nuna-Aa the dill -reii'.-e between ihe -alary of the Covernoi
! oi c.iui T-'nuoiy and bus salary a* s#<erU:try during the po-
| rn,d ho rtcti d a-< (ioven.or afti r lb* d«x rrise ol, and until ihe
1 arrival in ilio Territory of the suecebnor of the la.e (Jov-
- ernor Bur ; wmeh amount, a'ter b'-wg ascertained, io paya-
i bk- ouiof ihe ajipiopnatiou vl tor bahuiemu'Governor, three
; and ic-e^'tary" of *aid 'Punitory 08 madu by Con-
j grt*.- lor the lucal year ending the Soth ot June, 1853.
| The amendment was agreed to.
1 Mr. JON ES, of Iowa. I am authorized by the
Committee on Pensions to move this amendment:
1 That the j-aiary of the Commissioner of Pensions la
( her by ireretiried to .^4, <;0s> per annum, to commence I rota
' the in,-t day of JaiiUtir), Iboo.
j Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope the Senator will add:
And that hu chief clerk bhail receive a salary of
Mr. HGNTER. We have already voted down
a propoisjt:on to increa>se the salaries of the other
heads of bureaus. If we now increase one, wo
shall havo to increase all.
1 I\Jr. JONES, of Iowa. The passage of the
■j bounty ianti iaw imposes increased duties on the
jj Commisvioner of Pensions, and makes it proper
that his salary should be mcrcaeed in proportion,
eind that of } ..-? chief clerk also-
Mr. HTJN PER. We hfivjoJresdy veud down
a prupoasucn to increase the salary of tne Com-
missioner of the General Land Office and the
Commissioner of Patents. We ought to deal
equally by ail—raise all or none.
I think all three ought
Mr. JONES, of Iowa.
to be increased.
The amendment wa3 rejected.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 offer the following amend-
ment, to come m after the appropriations for sor-
veys of the public land:
The President be authorized to appoint durinf the re®e*®
of Congress, £« be nominated to Us-
at the next Wilton, the ivgic-.?r and receive, of tne^fana
office fiir she Umpnua Irsad diftr^i, m ta  'rertitoryo Cre-
am), established by tho act or February 17, lb^>, to tase
effect on the 17il) of May, 1^55.
You hnre passed a law dividing the present i«nd
district in Oregon into two, to tt ke effect on the
17th of May. The President cannot appoint the
officers now, because the law is not in f fleet. He
cannot appoint during the recess of Congress, aa
it is not a vacancy happening during the recess.
The object of this provision ia to authorize him
to appoint the officers when the law docs take effect.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following proviso in the second section
to the provision for binding tfee-Congressional
Globe for members for this session of Congress:
Provided, The binding for both branches cf Congress
shall be executed by the publisher, if be will contract for
Hie same at sixty cents per volume.
This is to secure the proper binding of the Con-
gressional Globe, which we take, by the publisher,
at the same price which we now pay. As the
work is now done, beyond the control of the pub-
lisher, the sheets frequently get mixed and de-
stroyed. [suppose there will be no objectionto it.
Mr. PITZPATRfCK. This provision inakea
a change in the publication of these works, ths
propriety of which I very much doubt.
Mr. BROWN. It has nothing to do with the
publication; it is simply as to the binding.
Mr. FIT/.PATiiiCK. The bmdin general!y
has been under the control of ths Superintendent
of Public Printing and the Committee on Printing;
but [ believe the Committee on Contingent Ex-
penses has assumed authority to direct the bind-
ing of the Congreseioss! Globe. This is making
it change in the established custom, the propriety
of which, I think, is excesflinjly doubtful.
Mr. liROWN. The SsntUor from Alabama
misunderstands the matter entirely, I wish these
volumes to be bound by the publisher for the
reo«on that they now go into the bands of seme
other binder and the sheets 4fet misplaced, find
when Senators yo to look into the volumes of the
Congressional Grlobe, tbey find -whole ah nets left
out and others transposed. Frequently, in conse-
quence of this, the voluraes are thrown back on
the hands of the publisher. 1 propose to pay him
no more than you already pay for the same work.
I only want to  e' in competent hsnde, and allow
the man to doit who is now responsible for having
it well done.
The amendment waa arresd to.
Mr. COOPER. I am requested to offer the fol-
lo\vir~ ammdraocit, to aiier the provision
in the second section for ihe reporters of the two
Houpce:
And tffat tfwre be p* id to William Ri-jd, the reporter
for the jMauona.1 {medic-vac?;, \&« gav-a of
This is to pay ths for tb* National
Intailig;enc«r who wa-i sot provided f&r when the
other officers engaged in the same duties were. 1
trust, that discrimmauon adverse t© this reporter
will not be made.
Mr. WALKER. He is not one of our re-
porters.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BRIGHT, f'vlr. Wellsr in the chair.) X
have a small am«ndmsnt wliich I desire to offer:
For completing, ineh>sing, and furnifeiiiiig ihe maris©
hospital m EvaiiiiviiSe, indiaaa, ^iO.OQe.
I havea letter from the 8ecm*i-y of the Treasury
requesting and recoitifii^ridiii^ this appropriation,
b«it I presume it is not nooes^ry to consume time
by reading it.
The anaenUment was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have another amendment:
For the erection of a femi<,5n« for a court house, post
^-■0 IRso" OE"ei pur^jses, at Incuantipuhs, Xtidiaua,
The arn^nflmont was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELD3. I offer she following amend-
ment:
Sec.—.Jind he it further enacted, That the Secretary
ot tneluterior be, and he is hereby, authorized and required
