1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1123
to allow and pay to the agents for paying pensions a com-, Mr. JAMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mission of three per centum on the amount of moneys by m;Uee on Public Buildinp-s to offer this amend-
Mii-nts annually disbursed, wliich shall be paid out of mu«e on f-uouc euiiamgs to otter cms amena
the iund lor ihe paym-nt of revolutionary pensions. Said nieut, to come in after the appropriation for repairs
coimm--..on t-iiall Ixj in full for all services and contingent ' of Pennsylvania avenue:
TCVlS?, pnm"*' ,Bn<l For taking up, relaying, and renewing so much as has
I\t: C ,VTn IT I'll F ' wai-lieii away at the sewer along Fifteenth street west, con-
Si ^ " n01 ^ e 6ula °f , tisuous to the public grounds south of the President's House,
JJI.OjW djtar. i: 4-1 <w.ft
Six. —. vhft he it further enacted, That the above pro- ■ i * '
viMoiis of tinrf act be, and they are hereby, extended to ; The amendment was agreed to.
those persons, their heirs and legal representatives, who ! .. ti i t -
eerved as person agents prior to the 2Uth of February, 1847, ! Mr.JAi.VLEb. i haveanotberamendmentfrom
and subsequently t-> th<j 20ih of April, 1836, when no com- i the same committee, to insert after " avenue" the
pmcution was piovided by law for such service: Provided,
Such agents were nut banking corporations or the agents
or officers thereof. j
Mr. HUNTER. If there were time to discuss :
this measure, I should have a great deal to say
against it on its merits; but it i3 one which ought
to be considered by itself, and independently,
especially since the Senate have said they would
not consider a measure of general legislation in
connection with this bill. But, eir, I rose to ask
the Senate that we may, after taking the question
on the amendment of the Senator from Florida,
[Mr. Mallory,] who was kind enough to lay it
aside, that we might take up amendments on
which there was no dispute, and report the bill to
the Senate. If we do not get through with it very
soon, it will be impossible even for the committee
of conference to read the amendments.
Mr. CLAY. This amendment has been offered,
in various forms, two or three times, and discussed
by the Senate.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to state, for the inform-
ation of the honorable Senator from Alabama, that
when it was offered before, it was suggested that
it should be kept back for this bill.
Mr. CLAY. I say it has been offered before,
once or twice, and rejected by the Senate. It has
not been recommended by the Committee on Fi-
nance, and i do not think the Senate ought to adopt
it. At all events, it ought not to bea reed lonow.
Mr. CASS. 1 know something about this mat-
ter, and 1 can safely say that there is no more just
provision to be found in this bill than ih&t which
the honorable Senator from Illinois seeks to insert
in it. I occupied a station which brought the
question before me twenty years ago. At that
time the Bank of the United States and its branches
were the pension agents, but in consequence of
the immense amount of deposits they received,
they were not allowed any compensation for the
service. The receipt of the money on deposit was
words " East Capitol street to 2d street," so as to
1 make the clause read:
! For lighting the President's House and Capitol, the pub-
lic grounds aiound them and around the Executive offices,
. and Pennsylvania avenue, and East Capitol stre&t to Sec-
f ond street, £25,01)0.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FITZPATR1CK. There is a clause in
the bill appropriating $30,000 to enable the Secre-
tary of the Interior to execute the provisions of
the graduation law of last year. I move to add
; to that clause the following proviso;
j Provided, however} That in all cases where lands have
! been, or shall hereafter be, sold under theact of4th August .
' 1651, to giaduate ami reduce the price of the public land
; to actual settlers and cultivators, at a higher rate than
1 authorized by that act, the Secretary of the Interior shall
, be, and he is hereby, authorized to direct the receivers of
j public money for the proper land dtktnct to refund the
^ cast* out ot any money m Ins hands deiived from sales of
j the public land* ; and (ho periods and principle of gradua-
tion fixed by the instructions of the General Land Office of
I 30th October, 1854, shall he, and they are hereby, continued.
j I wiil state to the Senate that there are a great
. many entries of land where the parties have made
| their claims and sent them here which cannot be
1 settled without such a provision as this. The
amendment is recommended by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office and the Secretary of
i the Interior.
; Mr. HUNTER. This may do for general
; legislation as an independent measure, butit ought
: not to bp here.
Mr. BADGER. I hope we shall not adopt this
■ ' amendment.
!j Mr. FiTZPATRICK. It is a very important
i measure, which is offered at the suggestion of the
i proper officers to prevent immense expense as
; well as trouble. It is not brought forward at my
| own instance. I am assured by the Commis-
| sioner of the General Land Office and the Secre-
i tary of the Interior, that unless some provision of
considered sufficient. When the banks'couid not this kind be made, there will be required an addi-
do the business, pension agents came forward to i tionalnumberofclerks througnoutthe wholecoun-
do it without having the deposits, and the law for i try, besides the vast labor entailed on the Depart-
two or three years contained no provision for their j ment here. Under tne law, m all cases where
compensation. When in the War Department, I money is to be leiunded, tne papeis have to be
assured the officers that Congress would make an forwarded here and examined by the Secretary of
appropriation to pay them during the three years jthe Interior. All he asks is to be permitted to
when the service was performed without the ex-."I'"" tne receivers to payout the money, and
pense of a cent to the Government. I believe; obviate the necessity and expense of having addi-
there is not a person who has occupied the War
Department from that day to this who has nut
recommended it. The provision has been passed
by the Senate once" or twice, and I do not know
that it was ever objected to by any man who ex-
amined the subject. The officers rendered the
service without a single cent of'compensation. _
Mr. HUNTER. The Secretary of the* Interior
does not approve of it.
Mr CASS. Then f must say the Secretary of
the Interior has not examined it. These gemle-
rnen were kept out of their pay and allowed noth-
tional force
The PRESIDENT put the question, and there
were—ayes 16, noes 14; not a quorum voting.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. As a proper way to
ascertain whether there be a quorum present, I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
' taken, were—yeas 34, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bei.jamin, Brodhead, Brown,
; Cass, Chase, CKiy; Dawson, Uniix of Wisconsin, Evans,
i Fitzpatnck, Foot", Ceyer, (Iwm, [Jouston, James.Jones of
! Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, M.illory, Morton, I'ctut, Pratt,
I Sena^tiau, Shields, Sluiell,Thompson of Kentucky, Thoin-
The pension agent at one time was the bank, | i ™ of W:Ul0' Waiker'
ift hank was allowed nothing in consequence j v * v'o ah<>h R^TiiT^r p.rninprH.fJiMpifp. Wnn.
and the bank was allowed nothing in consequence
of the amount of deposits. On that turns the
whole question. You have got their services for
rothing, and the question is whether you will pay
for them.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COOPER. I have an amendment to offer
from the Committee on Indian Ail.tirs:
Sec. . b* further cnuitcd, That the tenth sec-
tion of the act making appioprnti.Mis lor the current and
contingent exposes ot the Indian d< partmont, ami for ful-
filling maty stipulations with various Indian tribes, ap-
psovert July 3U, 1854, be carried into cG'eet by paving the.
v.ilu mon- as( ertaincd -''id reported by Me.-pi'.-- Upton a id
Suiunn y. ard oilier otliei.il a-«essor-s, as oulered by the
coniti: s i )iierr5 uud< r Use Che-ukee ireaiv ot lt35 and 1^38,
Vv'TtH 1: n'te^f on >.Mid vnlunuon<5 re^peeiivf !v fioni thed.Ue
of srud commi-sio'iers'oiders for assessment; and that the
Set-retaiy or \[w Interior be furiin r directed to fii! the blanks
in such awauis as are on hia files with such amounts le-
spcctively as may be established by proof of value satis-
factory to bun, and pay the same.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Baxter, Drainerd,Gillette, Hun-
ter, Mason, Seward, and Wright—8.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. At the re-
quest of the Delegate from Oregon Territory,
which has no representative on this floor, and
; being assured by the Senator from California [Mr.
| Gwint] that it is correct and proper, and as I know
j it is for the benefit of a gentleman, I offer the fol-
j lowing amendment:
i J3nd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
' Treasury be authorized and lequued to settle a'id adjust
the accounts of John Adair, coik-etoi of customs at Astoria,
! Oregon, upon fairand wju.table principles, taking into con-
j dideVation the particular circumstances of the case.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have a number of amend-
ments from the Committee on Indian Affairs,
which are estimated for by the Department, and
are necessary to carry out the treaties made and
laws passed at this session:
For the increased pay of Indian agent?, and pay of addi-
tional agents by the act passed MareB I, 1855, §6,375.
For the increase of pay to rndiarKSbb-agents, authorized
by the act passed March I. IS55, $1,334.
For pay of three T ndiait agents in California, per act Sep-
tembei x.8, 1850, and the act"passed March 1, 1855,§12,000.
For expenses of the reconnois^ancc of the boundary hne
between the Choctaw and Chickasaw fndtanp,
Fof fulfilling the treaty with the Wyandort Indians of
January 3i, 1855 : Provided, That the appropriations made
for said Indians by the Indian appropriation bill, passed at
this session of Congress, are hereby repealed, $128,566 67.
For arrearages due the Choctaw Indian*, under various
treaty stipulations,as per report and statemcritof the proper
accountina officers ot theTieusury, t admitted by the Seo-
letary of the Interior in answer to a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the l(>th of March, IP53, to be paid to or expended
for the benefit of the Choctaw nation, as may be requested
by the authorized delegation theieof, now in Washington,
$y-2.«58 53,
For fulfilling treaty with the Chippewa Indians, negoti-
ated Februniy '22, IK" 5, $-197 286 G6.
For fu filling treaties with the Wionebagoes, per articles
27ih Februaiy, $";.i,70U.
For fulfilling the articles with the Umpqua^ and Cala-
pooias of the Cmpqua valley, Oregon, ot the 29th Novem-
ber, 1654, $23,980.
For iulfiihng the articles negotiated November, 1854,with
certain bands of Shasta, Scoton, and Umpqua Indians,
$35,780.
For fulfilling treat j' with the Iiogue river Indians, per arti-
cles ol the J5ih November, 1854,$2,150.
For fulfilling the aniciep negotiated December 26,1854,
wiib certain bands of Indians of Puget's Sound, Washing-
ton Terntory, %1G,500.
For fulfilling the articles negotiated July 10, 1853, with
certain confederated bauds of Cahpooias, Molala, and
Clockamas Indians, of Oregon, $62,260.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I have an amendment from the
Committee on Finance, which is in accordance
with the estimates from the Department:
For rebuilding and repairs of the building for the branch
mint at New Oileaus, ^55,00.1.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 will state, for the informa-
tion of the Senate, that by some unaccountable
error, this provision was not introduced into the
appropriations made in the original bill as it w^a
passed by the House of Representative?,and only
this morning by mere accident! discovered that it
was omitted The Secretary of the Treasury
states that this is absolutely necessary, not only
to prevent the mint at New Orleans from becom-
ing dilapidated, but to enable its operations to be
carried on; and that if this sum be not now al-
lowed, the consequence will be that you will have
to make a new building next year.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the amendment will
be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I now propose, without
further discussion, that the vote be taken on the
amendment which 1 offered in regard to the Florida
claims, which was laid aside this morning.
Mr. HUNTER, f hope so.
ThePRESIDiNOOFFiOER, (Mr. Weller.)
That amendment will be regarded as before the
Senate. The yeas and nays were asked upon itlast
night, and the question is upon now ordering them.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
token, resulted—yeas 10, nays 31; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Badger, Brown, Cooper, Dawson, Mal-
lory, Mortnn, I'etat, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, and
Walker—10
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Benjamin, Brninerd, Brodhead,
Duller, Cha*e, Clay, Clayton, Dodge of Wisconfin, Evans,
Fes<enden, Foot, Geyer, Gillette, Houston, Hunter, Jones
of Iowa, Mason, Peaice, Tlu^k, Reward, Shields, Slide!!,
Sumner, Thomson of New Jersey, Toucey, Wade, Welie?,
Wells, Wilson, and Wiight—31,
So the amendment was rejected. *
Mr. PETTIT. I wish to offer an amendment
to this bill. I have offered none. The one I now
submit proposes no appropriation. By the act of
1832, certain steamboat boiler inspectors were
appointed up and down the Ohio river, but none
for Indiana. It is very desirable that there should
be two at Evansville. The amendment which I
now offer is merely to authorize the judge of the
district court, with the approbation of the Sec-
retory of the Treasury, to appoint two for Indiana.
Mr. HtJNTER. ft is unnecessary to read the
amendment; the Senator has stated the substance
of it. We are now at the mercy of any individ-
ual. Let us take the vote without hearing the
amendment read.
Mr. PETTIT. It is simply to authorize the
appointment of two inspectors of steamboat boil-
era at Evansville, Indiana.
The amendment was rejected.
