1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 33; as follows:
vt; Cooper, Dawson, Jones of Tennessee,
Marion, Pratt, Husk, Shdeil, and Thomson of New Jersey
—8
NAYS—Mfs'.rs. Allen, Cadger, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin,
Brai.jprd, Bright. Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Cass, Chase,
Cloy, Olauori, ttvans, Fitzpatriek, Foot, Hunter, James,
Joi.e s of Iowa, JPettir, Sebastian, Seward, riluelds,
Stuart, rj',%o'i)p^o i of Kentucky, Toombs, Toucey, Wade,
Waikei, Weils, and Wilson— 33.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. COOPER. E offer the following amend-
ment, on a recommendation from Colonel Huger,
from the Ordnance Department, and also from the
Secretary of War:
Jl-nd be it farther enacted, That the sum of $6,000 be, and
is lureby, appiopnated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otbfrwihf; appropriated, for the purpose of continuing
the < xperiments lor testing Lieutenant Rodman's plan of
casting cannon hollow, so as to effect the cooling of the cast
from the interior instead of the exterior.
Mr. GW1N. If that is in pursuance of esti-
mate, there is no objection to it. I hope it will
not occupy time.
The amendment was agreed t©.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to offer a further
amendment as an additional section. It is the biil
making appropriations for mail steamers, striking
out that part which is supposed to have been
obnoxious to the President, and which is in the
following words:
Fiiiy-eight thousand dollars; and that the proviso con-
tained in the first section of the act entitled 'An act to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the service of
thf n«eal y^ar ending the 30th ol' June, 185*2,' approved the
21st day of July, 18.V2, be, and the same is hereby, repealed :
Provided, That Edward Iv. Collins and his associates shall
pioceed, with all due diligence, to build another steamship,
in accoidance with the terms of their contract, and have
the same ready for the mail service in two years from and
ufir-r the passage of this act. And if the said steamship is
not ready withm the tune above mentioned, by reason of
anv neglect, or want of dihgcnce oil their part, then the raid
Edward K. Collins and ins associates khall carry the United J
States mails between New York and Liverpool from the
expiration of the said two years every fortnight tree of charge
to the Government, until the new steamship shall have com-
menced the said mail service."
The amendment was agreed to. -
Mr. SHIELDS. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For the erection of a marine hospital at Galena, Illinois,
$15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I offer the following amend- 'j
ment: li
That tli e sum of £617 be paid to Lieutenant John Guest, ,
of Ihe United States, Navy, out 01 any money in the Treasury ;;
not otherwise appropriated, for servici"! pert'oiroed by linn |
as [Hs-ed lindshinrnan in the survey of the coast between i
ApoaUchicola, florid,i, and the jlis-issippi, from the 19th ot
August, 18-13, to the iCth ot April, 18-45, being at the late of .1
one" dollar per day for the time employed. j;
Mr. GWIN. I hope it will be agreed to. j!
Mr. CASS. Why agree to it more than to any j;
other private claim? ;■
Mr. GWIN. It is not a private claim. It is a \ \
deficiency in the appropriation. All the others
were paid except that. The services were per-
formed, but the money was lost.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Michigan raise the point of order?
Mi. CASS. I understand it is a private claim
against the Government, which has not been
hcimdated.
Mr. GWfN. A certain amount of money was
appropriated, part of wluch should have gone to
this gentleman; but he was called off on the naval
The PRESIDENT. The question is on con-
j curring in the amendments made as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr, BRODHEAD, On that question I desire
to say a word or two. I did not concur with the
j Committee on Naval Affairs, though a member of
it, in many of those amendments; but in view of
the anxiety of the members to pass upon them, I
forebore saying anything upon them. I had an-
other reason for it. I am unable further to resist
this kind of legislation. Let it go.-
Mr. GWIN. I hope the question will be taken,
generally, on all of the amendments.
Mr. STUART.' I ask to have the one in regard
to the Memphis navy-yard, on which the Senate
refused to give me the yeas and nays in Committee
of the Whole, excepted.
The question was taken on the other amend-
ments; and they were concurred in,
The question then recurring on the one excepted
by Mr. Stuart, in regard to' the Memphis
navy-yard, he called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 26, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS- -Messrs. Adams, Hell, Benjamin, Brown, Chase,
Clay, Clayton, Dawson, Douglas, Fitzpatriek, Foot, Geyer,
Gillette, Gwin, Houston, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Jones of
Tennessee, Mallory, Morton, Husk, Sebastian, Seward,
Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, and
Weller—26.
NAYS-—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bayard,Brainerd, Brod-
head, Duller, Cass, Evans, Hunter, I'ettit, Shdell, Stuart,
Sumner, Walker, Wells, Wilson, and Wright—17.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The amendments were then ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time. It
was read the third time, and passed.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that they had passed a resolution
directing the return to the Senate, agreeably to
their request, of the bill making appropriations for
fortifications and other works of defense, and for
repairs of barracks and quarters, for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1856.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills and joint
resolution; which were signed by the President
pro tempore:
A bill making appropriations for deepening the
channel over the St. Clair flats, and for deepening
the channel over the fiats of the St. Mary's river,
in the State of Michigan;
A bill to appropriate money to remove obstruc-
; tions in the Savannah river, below the city ef
' Savannah, in the State of Georgia;
A bill for the relief of Franklin Chase; and
A joint resolution explanatory of an act entitled
" An act for the relief of Abigail Stafford."
JOHN D. COLMESNIL.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, the Senate, as in
| Committee of the Whole, considered the joint
| resolution from the House of Representatives for
I the final adjustment of the accounts of John D.
■ Colmesnil.
I It will direct the Postmaster General to have the
: accounts of John D. Colmesnil, president of the
: Ohio and Mississippi Mail Line Company, recx-
! ammed, for the purpose of determining whether
! any further compensation is due m law or equity
to him, and to pay him such sum as may be ad-
service of the United States, and while the others judged to be due for the use of himself and his
were naid he was not. j: assistants, out of the funds m the Treasury ap-
Mr. CASS. Then I want to know why you h propriated to^the transportation of mail
do not simply make an appropriation and let the ;
Department apply it. I am _\vi!ling to make the1
appropnation, and let the Department apply it",
otherwise it is a mere private claim.
Mr. GWIN. There is but one party to pay,
and that is the party indicated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BELL. I offer the following amendment:
Jln-l le it fui thcr unacted, That the Secretary of the
X:r, y ho authorized to contract, for the term of five years,
wuSi the lowest liidd' r for a supply of water-rotted hemp
fut the use of the Navy, giving the preference to American
licmp.
Mr. GWIN. I have offered that, and it is in
the bill already.
Mr. BELL. Then I withdraw it.
The bill was reported to the Senate ss amended.
the de-
cision of the Department being subject, as in all
other cases, to the proviso of the eighth section
of the act of July 2, 1836, " to change the organ-
ization of the Post Office Department."
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
PORTS COLUMBUS, CHATTANOOGA, AND
HICKMAN.
On motion by Mr. BROWN, the Senate, as in
Committeeof the Whole, considered the bill from
the House of Representatives to establish Co-
lumbus, in the State of Mississippi, Chattanooga,
in the State of Tennessee, and Hickman, in the
State of Kentucky, ports of delivery.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
RIGHT OF WAY THROUGH PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Public
Lands have instructed me to report back biil from
the House of Representatives, extending the
provision of the act of August 4, 1852, entitled
" An act to grant the right of way to all rail and
plank roads, and macadamized turnpikes passing
through the public lands belonging to the United
States to the public lands in the Territories of the
United States. I do not think there is much
necessity for the law, but the House thinks there
is. It is simply extending through the public
lands in the Territories the right of way to turn-
pikes, &c., which has heretofore been given
I through the lands in the States. The Delegate
| from one of the Territories wants it passed; and
j I should be glad to oblige him.
j The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole; and no amendmentbeing proposed, it was
reported to the Senate, ordered to a third reading,
j read the third time, and passed.
I WILLIAM A. CHRISTIAN,
j On motion by Mr. MALLORY, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, considered the bill
from the House of Representatives for the relief
of the legal representatives of William A. Chris-
tian .
The bill directs the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury to allow to Purser Christian, in the
settlement of his accounts, the sum of $2,643 74,
being the amount disallowed him m former settle-
ments of his accounts for payments made to the
warrant officers of the United States ^steamship
Princeton.
On assuming his duties on board the United
States steamer Princeton, a regular transfer was
made to him by Purser Upshur, of the accounts
of the officers and crew of that vessel. Among
these were the accounts of officers having acting •
appointments, namely: C. C. Bartling, acting sail-
maker, William Taylor, acting boatswain, and
James H. Conl'ey, acting carpenter, to whom he
continued to pay their salaries, as it had been done
by his predecessors, Pursers McBlairand Upshur,
on whose books they had previously been borne.
He states that he knew the appointments of these
officers had been made with the approbation of the
Secretary of the Navy, and no orders had been
| received from the Navy Department, or from Cap-
j tain Stockton, for their discharge from the service
: after the passage of the ac of June 17, 1844, they
, being still continued in the performance of their
1 respective duties.
Under the belief that they were properly in the
service, he therefore paid them the amount of
compensation appertaining to officers of their re-
spective grades.
' A proviso m the Navy appropriation act ot
August 4, 1842, prohibited any increase of the
officers of the Navy beyond the number in the re-
!1 spective grades that were in service on the 1st day
|: of January, 1842. As the warrant officers paid
' by Purser Christian had been employed in viola-
; tion of this restriction, the Fourth Auditor very
properly refused to allow a credit for the items of
!j disbursement covering their pay.
It is believed, from the testimony presented,
: that Purser Christian made the payments under
:; an honest belief, founded upon reasonable grounds,
that he was bound to do so; and that the pay-
!i ments were legal. No other person than the Sec-
! retary of the Navy was authorized to determine
I, when the complement of officers in any particular
grade was full; and the fact of his authority to
j Captain Stockton to make these appointments,
' indicated to all the sub- rdinates of the department
' that the list of the giade mentioned was not full,
' and that the appointments were legal. Whatever
' fault there was in the transaction, was on the part
of the acting Secretary of the Navy, who disre-
' garded the existing law.
j: The bill was reported to the Senate without
. amendment, and ordered to a third reading. It
was read the third time, and passed.
PAUL S. K1DGWA.Y.
Mr. CHASE. I ask the Senate to take up, and
I trust they will pass, a House bill for the relief of
Paul S. Ridgway. He is a citizen of Ohio, was
wounded in the last war with Great Britain,
! j and, as 1 am informed by the Representative of his
