im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3*
district, completely disabled. The Committee on
Pensions recommend the passage of the House
bill which gives him a pension of eight dollars per
momh.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
considered the bill. His name will be placed on
the pension roll at eight dollars per month for life,
from June 1, 1854.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a thud reading. It
was read the third lime, and passed.
SUSPENSION OF JOINT RULE.
Mr. STUART submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,)
That the seventeenth joint rule ot' the two Houses be sus-
pended lor the present sosaion.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. SLI DELL, the Senate pro-
ceeded co the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
JAMES W. SHEAHAN.
Mr. DOUGLAS submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, und agreed to:
Resolved, That the St-cre'ary of the Senate pav to James
W. rtliouhan, outot the con ingent fund of the Senate, the
sum oi®717, being at the rateoi seven dollars and fifty centa
per column lor reporting the trial of George A. Gardiner,
in full compensation of his claim.
The Senate then took
o'clock.
until seven
EVENrNG SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock, p. m.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PitESI DENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
.States, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of February 28, 1855, calling for a state-
ment of the number of muskets and other arms,
and of ihose delivered to State arsenals, or sold;
which was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
Also, a message of the President of the United
States, communicating a report of the Secretary
of the Interior, asking for appropriations to fulfill
certain treaty stipulations with the Wyandot In-
dians; which was ordered to lie oir the table and
be printed
Also, a message trom the President of the
Uniied States, communicating a copy of an act of
the Legislature of'Texas, making partial provision
for running and marking the boundary line be-
tween that State arid the Territories of the United
States; which was ordered to he on the table and
be printed,
A Iso, a report of the Secretary of War, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate, of Febru-
ary 24, 1855, calling for a report of the survey in
Florida, under act of August 30,1852, er so much
as telaies to a line between Cedar Key and Ame-
lia Island; which, on motion by Mr. MORTON,
was ordered to he on the table and be printed, to-
gether with the maps and papers accompanying
the same.
NAVY BILL MAIL STEAMERS.
Mr. SEWARD. There was a mistake made
in the engrossment of the naval appropriation bill.
I therefore ask for the consideration of the fol-
lowing:
Rejoined, That the Hotise of Representatives be re-
quested to ruurn flic bill of the House making appropria-
tions l< r the naval service for tile year ending the 30lll of
June, l8ot>.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
A message was subsequently received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief
Cierli, returning the bill.
Mr. GVVIN. 1 hope, by general consent, the
bill will be taken up in order to correct a mistake.
Only a portion of the amendment offered by the
Sendtor from New York, [Mr. Seward,] in rela-
tion to the appropriation for the mail steamer ser-
vice, was inserted.
It will be recollected that after the mail steamer
appropriation bill had been vetoed, the Senator from
Hew York submitted to tins bill an amendment
which was the bill that had been vetoed with parts
omitted that were objectionable to the Executive;
but only that portion was read that was intended to
be omitted, and by mistake the appropriation was
only made for the New York and Liverpool line of
steamers. The intention was to make the whole
appropriation that was contained in that bill,
striking out the provision which was designed to
repeal the clause in the existing law that author-
ized Congress to give notice of the intention to
terminate the contract with, the Collins line. I
hope, bv general consent, it will be so amended.
ThePRESlDENT. The first question ison re-
considering the vote by which the bill was passed.
If there be no objection, the votes on the passage
of the bill, on ordering it to a third reading, and
on the amendment alluded to, will be reconsidered.
There was no objection.
Mr. GWIN. I offer this as a substitute for the
amendment:
^■nd be it further enacted, That the following auras be,
and the faame are hereby,appropriated,tojjie p:udo«lof any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, lor the
year ending the 0) June, I806:
For transportation of the mails from New York to Liver-
pool and back, §856,000.
For transportation of the mails from New York to New
Orleans, Chirleston, Savannah, Havana, Chagres, and
back, 1,000.
For transportation of the mails from Panama to California
and Oregon, and back,
For earring out the contract entered into by the Post
Office Department, under the provisions of the act approved
30th August, 1652, Chtabhslimg a m-moiiihiy mail by steam
vessefu between New Orleans and Vera Cruz, via Tampico,
$69,750.
That the following sums be, and they are hereby, appro-
priated for the service of the Tost Office Dcpaitment for the
year ending the 20th of June, 1&56, out of any moneys in
the Treasury arising from the levenuea of said Depariment,
in eouformuy to the act of the 2d of July, 1836:
For transportation of the mails, in two steamships,
from New York, by Southampton, to Bremen, and back,
$100,000 for each ship; and in two steamships from New
York, by Cowes, to Havre, anil back, at $7j.000 for each
ship, under the contract with the Ocean Steam Navigation
Company, of New York, $350,000.
For transportation of the mails between Charleston and
Havana, a sum not exceeding $30,000.
For transpoitauon of the mails across the Isthmus of
Panama, $150,000.
That the following sunn be, and the same are hereby,
appropriated to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the fiscal year ending the 3oth of June,
1805, out of any money in the Treaty not otUerwi&e
appropnoted, nainHy:
For transportation of the mails from New York toLiver-
pool, and brick, $<>o9,-23b G5.
For uuncpoitauon oi ihc mails from New York to New
Orleans, Charleston, Savannah, Havana, and Chagres, and
back, $*>2,378 21.
Fur irai^poi tation of the mails from Panama to California
and Oregon, and back, $2-19,xM*2 02.
Tha'« the /ollowmg m us be, and the same are hereby,
appropriated for Hie service of the Post Otbce Department
(oi the year <-ndmg the 3l)ih of June, 18.55, out of any
monevw'm the Treasury ariMtig from the revenues of said
Department, in conformity to the act of the 2d of July, l$4f>:
For tranr-portation of the maih in two fteani'dups, fiom
New York, by Southampton, to Bremen, and b«i.< k, at
$100,000 lor each &hip; und in two steamship*, from New
York, by Cowes, 10 llivro, and hack, at §7o,0ti0 for each
ship, under the contract with the Ocean Steam Navigation
Company of Npw York,§350,000.
For trat.i-porranon of ti-e mails between Charleston and
Havana, under the contract with M. O. Moidccai,$5(K0U0
For transportation of the mails across the Isthmus of
Panama, §120,liOiJ.
Mr. MASON. Does that amendment contain
anything more than the present stipulated appro-
priations for carrying those mails?
Mr. GWIN. Nothing more.
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
again ordered to a third reading, and was read the
thiid time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that they had passed the joint resolu-
tion explanatory of an act passed August 3,1854*,
and also that they had agreed to the resolution
that the 17th joint rule of the two Houses be sus-
pended fur the remainder of the session.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. WELLER. A resolution waspassed this
afternoon requesting the House of Representatives
to return the bill making appropriations for forti-
fications and other works of defense, and for re-
pairs of barracks am! quarters for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1856, in order to reconsider our
amendments. 1 desire to get rid of the amend-
ments, in order that the bill may be finally passed.
I move to reconsider the votes om the passage of
the bill, on ordering it to 8 third reading, and on
the amendments.
The motion was agreed to. _
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendments.
Mr. WELLER. I hope they will be voted
down, and that we shall pass the bill as it csme
from the House of Representatives, so as to have
it finally disposed of.
The amendments were rejected.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
JOHN DUGAN.
Mr. BROWN. I ask the Senate to censider
and pass a joint resolution from the House of
Representatives for the relief of John Dugan. It
is for the benefit of a soldier wh'o was unfortu-
nately left in Mexico when the army returned
home, and was reported " absent without leave, "
on which account he has not been able to get his
bounty land.
It is intended to authorize the Secretary of the
Interior to issue to John Dugan, late a private in
company C, Mississippi volunteers, in the Mexi-
can war, a bounty land warrant for one hundred
and sixty acres of land; and the proper account-
ing officer of the Treasury Department to pay to
him the arrears of pay and extra pay that would
be due to him, as though it had not been marked
opposite his name on the rolls of the company,
" absent without leave."
Dugan was a volunteer in the war with Mexico,
and served as a private in company C, Mississippi
volunteers. He was mustered into service on the
3d of June, 1846, at Vicksburg, Mississippi, for
twelve months, and was " absent without leave "
from the 20th of May following, thus reducing
the period of his service about twenty days. It
has been shown that he was a good soldier, and
acted well in the battles of Monterey and Buena
Vista. He states that he was too unwell to leave
Monterey when the regiment was ordered to Bra-
zos Santiago, preparatory to embarking for the
United States. It appears that his remaining at
Monterey could not be regarded as desertion, as the
whore regiment was virtually disbanded the mo-
ment General Taylor ordered it home. He per-
formed his duty well; and his failure to return
home with his regiment, in preference to remain-
ing in a hostile country, should not be regarded as
at all equivalent to an act of desertion, as his own
safety, and not the interests of the Government,
was involved by his conduct.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, and ordered to a third read-
ing. It was read the third time, and passed.
THOMAS S. J. JOHNSON.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, considered the House
bill for the relief of Thomas S. J. Johnson,of the
Territory of New Mexico.
It is proposed by this bill to direct the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Thomas S. J. Johnson
$4,800, in full compensation forthirty-two wagons
taken by the officers of the United States Army,
and appropriated to necessary public use.
He was in August, 1850, the owner of thirty-
two large road wagons, suitable for carrying; heavy
burdens. Upon his request, Captain A. W. Rey-
nolds, acting assistant quartermaster of the United
States army at Santa Fe, in New Mexico, per-
mitted him to store them for safe-lteeping in the
Government corral at that place, which contained
sufficient unoccupied room for that purpose. In
the month of June following, he applied to the
United States wagon master in charge of the cor-
ral for his wagons, when he first learned that they
had, from time to time,been taken by the officers
and employees of the quartermaster's department
for the necessary use of the United States army
in -its operations in that vicinity, and that they
were so taken and put in use in the month of
September following their storage. He immedi-
ately made a demand of his wagons from Captain
Reynolds, the ass i 3tant quartermaster, or payment
of their value. Captain Reynolds refused to de-
liver them, on the ground that they were neces-
sary for the service, and could not be dispensed
with, and referred him to Captain L. C. Easton,
assistant quartermaster. Upon application to him,
he refused to deliver the wagonsor to pay for them,
and referred the matter to General Jesup, the quar-
termaster general at Washington, for settlement.
